MICHEL TEMER
Temer tem estado sob crescente pressão para renunciar desde que novas denúncias de corrupção surgiram na semana passada
Temer tem estado sob pressão para renunciar desde denúncias de corrupção surgiram na semana passada
Foto: Marcelo Camargo/Agência Brasil
Estadão Conteúdo
A rede de televisão CNBC entrevistou na manhã desta segunda-feira (22) o diretor de pesquisa macro da América Latina da Oxford Economics, Marcos Casarin, que está baseado em Londres, sobre a situação do presidente do Brasil, Michel Temer, que está no centro da mais nova crise política doméstica. "Poucas pessoas acreditam que ele vai ficar até o fim de seu mandato no final de 2018", disse, acrescentando que há uma chance de "100%" de ele sair antes do fim do seu mandato. O Broadcast já havia entrevistado Casarin na manhã do dia 18, antes de os mercados brasileiros se tornarem um caos e serem suspensos, com esse prognóstico.
O canal de notícias salienta que Temer tem estado sob crescente pressão para renunciar desde que novas denúncias de corrupção surgiram na semana passada e que manifestantes tomaram as ruas durante o fim de semana. Além disso, mencionou que a Ordem dos Advogados do Brasil (OAB) votou para apoiar o impeachment do presidente.
"Ele obviamente vai negar os fatos, mas as gravações são bastante conclusivas e elas foram tornados públicos na noite de quinta-feira e sexta-feira e eu acho que todo mundo teve tempo suficiente para digerir a notícia", disse Casarin à tevê. A CNBC lembra que Temer assumiu o comando da Presidência do Brasil após o impeachment da ex-presidente Dilma Rousseff.
O canal trouxe ainda que a nova turbulência política no Brasil reduziu os preços dos ativos na semana passada, com as estatais de petróleo, Petrobras, e do Banco do Brasil sendo as mais atingidas. Casarin avaliou, no entanto, que os escândalos políticos não significam falta de oportunidades para os investidores.
"Isso abre oportunidades para os investidores porque os ativos brasileiros passaram por um rali maciço desde o início do ano, praticamente desde a eleição de Trump (...) esses ativos são substancialmente mais baratos agora", observou citando o presidente dos Estados Unidos, Donald Trump, eleito no fim do ano passado.
A 'miracle' teenager who battled cancer and needed Britain's fastest ever liver transplant as a child died after taking a lethal cocktail of cocaine and ecstasy.
Sherie-Lea James, 15, from Basildon, suffered a cardiac arrest after taking the Class A drugs in a 29-year-old man's flat - hours after telling her mother she was 'loving life'.
The tragic teenager had been at a party in the one-bed flat in the deprived South Ockendon area of Essex with a friend when she became unwell in the early hours of September 1, 2016.
Tragedy: Liver transplant survivor Sherie-Lea James, 15, (left) suffered a cardiac arrest after taking ecstasy hours after telling her mother Sam (together right) she was 'loving life'
Paramedics and police rushed to the house after the alarm was raised and took her to hospital.
Doctors at Basildon University Hospital tried to resuscitate her but Sherie-Lea could not be saved and her friend was also hospitalised.
Today Essex Coroner's Court, in Chelmsford, heard that she had taken the drugs voluntary and died of MDMA intoxication together with cocaine.
DCI Stephen Jennings, who led an investigation into her death said two men were arrested, and police are currently considering charges of 'unlawful supply'.
He revealed those charges currently are 'with the CPS'
Her mother Sam says her daughter 'hated drugs' and cannot understand why she died
Speaking about the drugs in her system he said: 'The levels of the MDMA were considerably higher but that with the combination of the cocaine was the cause of death.'
Sherie-Lea battled liver cancer as a baby and is survived by three siblings.
When The Billericay School pupil was just 20 months old doctors discovered that she had a liver tumour that weighed six pounds.
Following a year of chemotherapy she had the country's fastest liver transplant lasting just 45 minutes in July 2002.
At the time of her death devastated mum Sam was planning a dream trip away to America following her GCSEs.
She wept throughout the brief hearing as she sat next to her son.
Eleanor McGann, area coroner, said: 'This is very sad, she was a young girl who thought she was just enjoying herself
'Sadly there are many young people who take these drugs thinking it is just fun and in the end it has absolutely tragic consequences.
'I hope other young people will think about the consequences of taking these illegal drugs
'They are not just fun they are horribly dangerous, if a young person is stopped from taking drugs like this again perhaps Sherie-Lea's death might have had some use.'
Mrs McGann told the devastated family it was clear Sherie-Lea was clearly loved and recorded a conclusion that her death was drug related.
How do basketball teams win games? While searching for an answer to that question, Dean Oliver identified what he called the "Four Factors of Basketball Success":
Shooting (40%) Turnovers (25%) Rebounding (20%) Free Throws (15%)
The number in parentheses is the approximate weight Mr. Oliver assigned each factor. Shooting is the most important factor, followed by turnovers, rebounding, and free throws. [Editor's note: I agree with the order, but disagree with the weightings.] These factors can be applied to both a team's offense and defense, which in a sense gives us eight factors. Let's take a closer look at how these factors are measured, using the 2004-05 Phoenix Suns as an example.
Shooting
The shooting factor is measured using Effective Field Goal Percentage (eFG%). The formula for both offense and defense is (FG + 0.5 * 3P) / FGA. For the Suns offense this is (3351 + 0.5 * 796) / 7018 = .534, and for the defense it is (3328 + 0.5 * 494) / 7485 = .478.
Turnovers
The turnover factor is measured using Turnover Percentage (TOV%). The formula for both offense and defense is TOV / (FGA + 0.44 * FTA + TOV). On offense, the Suns turnover percentage was 1125 / (7018 + 0.44 * 2080 + 1125) = .124, while on defense it was 1131 / (7485 + 0.44 * 1775 + 1131) = .120.
Rebounding
The rebounding factor is measured using Offensive and Defensive Rebound Percentage (ORB% and DRB%, respectively). The formula for offense is ORB / (ORB + Opp DRB), while the formula for defense is DRB / (Opp ORB + DRB). In 2004-05, the Suns offensive rebound percentage was 967 / (967 + 2550) = .275, and their defensive rebound percentage was 2652 / (1233 + 2652) = .683.
Free Throws
The free throw factor is a measure of both how often a team gets to the line and how often they make them. The formula for both offense and defense is FT / FGA. The Suns free throw rate on offense was 1556 / 7018 = .222, and on defense it was 1320 / 7485 = .176.
American Muslims for Palestine sent out the following press release:
The American Muslims for Palestine (AMP), a national education and advocacy group, is using the beloved Cherry Blossom Festival to attract attention to its message: US aid to Israel has got to stop.
The ad, which depicts Uncle Sam holding an Israeli flag with the tagline “Americans are sweating April 15 so Israelis don't have to,” calls for an end of US foreign aid to Israel. It is appearing on Metro buses on the Cherry Blossom Festival route in order to attract the attention of tourists.
“While Americans are struggling to pay their taxes during these difficult economic times, our hard-earned money is going to a country that has implemented the last and longest-lasting military occupation in the modern world,” said AMP board member Dr. Osama Abu Irshaid, of the DC area.
The United States is committed to a 10-year, $30-billion deal, which ends in 2018. Currently, the United States gives Israel more than $3 billion per year in military and other aid. That money largely supports Israel's occupation, which is illegal under international law and deprives Palestinians of their human rights.
“We tie foreign aid to human rights in other countries. Why don't we do the same in Israel?” Dr. Abu Irshaid asked. “Here in America, schools have cut programs, laid off teachers, cities are going bankrupt, millions of unemployed have been dropped from unemployment benefits and benefits for veterans have been cut. That $3 billion is sorely needed here at home.”
AMP is a national nonprofit organization based near Chicago, whose mission is to educate the American public about issues related to Palestine and its rich cultural and historical heritage. AMP calls for an end to the occupation. Without US financial assistance, Israel would not be able to maintain the occupation, the group asserts.
The ad campaign, which will run in the DC Metro area until April 13, is the second national campaign for AMP. The first ad, which debuted in March 2013 in New York City, raised the issue of Israeli apartheid.
Description
In celebration of Hallows Quest's first anniversary, the unreleased update leftovers of Alpha 1.03 have been released. Hallows Park area has been added, added SFX to zombies, map additions, new candy earn UI, bug fixes, and more. Introducing Hallows Quest: an Adventure RPG game based on the theme of Halloween. In Hallows Quest, you arrive in The Land of The Hallows, a northern part of Bloxia, looking for a new adventure. The Land of The Hallows has been infected by evil and mythical monsters of Halloween. You must explore the vast land, collecting candy, items, fighting monsters & bosses, doing quests, and more. Developed by Jmt Studios, 2017-2018 Scripter and builder - jmt99 Designers - jmt99, pexry, konlon15, hockeypwns7, and KitDj Additional developers - sgroff and hockeypwns7
WACO — About 200 people outside the Baylor University president's home Monday night called for the school to handle campus rape cases better.
Baylor has been rocked by complaints that it mishandled rape allegations, including two involving football players who were later convicted of sexual assault.
According to a recent ESPN report, the university was slow to act against both players and failed to help the women.
Stefanie Mundhenk, a recent Baylor graduate, organized Monday's “Survivors' Stand” vigil outside university President Kenneth Starr's campus home.
Last week, she alleged online that a fellow student had raped her in March and that the school failed to investigate her case thoroughly.
She and a friend came up with the idea for the vigil after her accusations were posted online, and they invited anyone who had survived an assault or knew someone who had to attend.
“I think Baylor has failed a lot of us here tonight,” she said. “We wanted this event to say it doesn't have to be that way.”
After the vigil, the group walked through campus to Paul Powell Chapel for a prayer service.
A woman who identified herself as a Baylor senior stood at the altar and said she'd reported her own on-campus rape — which she said happened in 2014 — to Baylor on Monday afternoon.
“Please don't let my case fall through the cracks,” she said through tears. “I want to believe the university is trying to fix this.”
During the vigil, Baylor released a statement to The Dallas Morning News saying the university “respects the decision of our students to gather in community to share their concerns.”
On Sunday, just before the Super Bowl began, Starr released a letter saying, “Sexual violence emphatically has no place whatsoever at Baylor University.”
He said federal student privacy law prevents the university from addressing specific students' cases. The university has hired a Philadelphia law firm to review how it has responded to sexual misconduct.
It was Starr's second letter since last week's ESPN report, which profiled three women who said they were sexually assaulted by a former football player, Tevin Elliott.
Elliott was convicted of sexual assault in 2014 and is serving a 20-year prison sentence; his conviction was affirmed on appeal.
Another former Baylor football player, Sam Ukwuachu, was convicted in 2015 of sexually assaulting a fellow student two years earlier. He was sentenced to 180 days in county jail and 10 years' felony probation; his lawyer, William A. Bratton III, said he plans to appeal.
Our Review
Knightfall is a puzzle game with an RPG slant, asking "Can you save the princess armed with nothing more than a rusting medieval drill?". You need to match coloured blocks in groups of 3 or more (double-click on them); they then disappear and everything on screen falls downwards into place, the twist being you can rotate the screen left and right with the arrow keys to plan which way everything goes. There are monsters to avoid (or kill with your drill for XP) and items to collect, with each level's goal being to get to the locked gate (pick up the key on the way!). In between stages you can spend the money you've found on items from the shop. Overall a thoroughly satisfying and entertaining diversion!
Our Rating: 4.5 / 5
Description
Can you save the princess armed with nothing more than a rusting medieval drill and a sense of derring-do?
Through 5 scenarios, the Knight seeks his stolen love, imprisoned by the Devil himself. Showcasing a new spin (literally) on the puzzle RPG genre, you must guide your Knight to each level's exit by drilling away the blocks he stands on, and letting gravity take effect! By rotating the entire game board, you can guide him anywhere you wish; into confrontations with the monsters that dwell in the dungeons, or to greedily grab the treasures that litter the game – be careful not to run out of stamina, though! Collect enough currency, and you can buy potions, spells, armour and other trinkets from a shop staffed by a helpful fairy. 3 skill levels cater for absolute beginners, right up to the most hardened strategy fan, 2 different game modes provide essential replayability and a host of achievements awaits the completist!
Thanks for playing! Now check out Thanks for playing! Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero! \o/
Grand Prix Milwaukee, my last major event of the year, is in the books. 2016 was a big year for me as a judge – I worked 13 Grand Prix, 5 Opens, 2 Regional Championships, and 5 PPTQs. I served as a Head Judge for my biggest event to date, coordinated about 350 PPTQs in the Mid-Atlantic Region, took headshots for about 200 judges, and presented at 4 judge conferences. And I was promoted to Level 3, the culmination of hundreds of hours of effort by a lot of people, some of whom I've never met in person.
But how did I do as a reviewer?
Earlier this year I wrote about how to use a review dashboard to get a data-driven approach to improving as a reviewer. (Before you continue reading, you may want to read or review that original post.) Now's the time to take another look at the dashboard to see how I measured up to the goals I set for myself based on the following Key Performance Indicators (KPI) I was tracking.
Percent of Event Days with a Review Written: 86%
That's not bad, but could be better. It's buoyed somewhat by the first half of the year. As the year went on, I had a few big misses in August. During that time I missed writing reviews for an entire Open because of some personal issues that got in the way of giving good feedback.
Ultimately, I'm okay with forgiving myself for missing that event. I knew going into the weekend that this was a “significant and exceptional circumstance” in my life affecting my performance, and I chose to deviate from my normal goal of providing feedback because I just didn't have the emotional energy to spare on it at that time. When looking at your results from the year, make sure that you're not letting the occasional anomaly push you into drawing conclusions you shouldn't.
The New Jersey Open notwithstanding, the other misses, were just a casualty of stacking too many events too close. I kept getting great opportunities to judge events for organizers I liked working for or cities I wanted to visit, resulting in a lack of downtime to process the events and give good feedback. This was actually one of my concerns going into the year.
Now that I've got data backing up my theory that stacking seven weekends in a row is a bad idea, I'm pacing myself better on 2017 commitments. Next year, I'm only looking at a couple back-to-back weekends, and no more back-to-back-to-back, much less back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back weekends.
Percent of Weekends with a Self-Review Written: 75%
Ouch – that percentage is significantly worse than the previous statistic. My review dashboard indicates that I missed writing self reviews almost exclusively this fall. I was aware that I was letting these slide, but I also felt that something had to give. I was already spending plenty of time on introspection while working on my Pre-Event Interview. A lot of my “judge homework” time was being taken up by studying for the Level 3 test; and my job was hitting its quadrennial busy period. Still, being under 80% here hurts.
Lag Between Event and Review of Another Judge: 5.3 days
I'm pretty happy about this number. Part of my success in this area comes from (and I'm not making this up) flying to events. I like to tell other judges that I write my best reviews at 30,000 feet – I don't have any distractions, and the event is fresh in my mind. Additionally, travel time doesn't feel like a waste if I can submit a review or two the night I get home from a Grand Prix.
Lag Between Event and Self-Review: 6.9 days
This number is a little weaker than the previous one. I tend to write reviews of other judges before I write my self-review, and sometimes that self-review will follow a couple weeks after an event. Overall, though, this average is still (barely) under a week. So while I want to keep an eye on this number, I think this lag is acceptable.
One number I didn't track was the actual count of reviews written. When I started the year, it wasn't that critical to me – I figured that significant numbers would be a byproduct of events worked as long as I wrote a review every day. It turns out, though, that I wrote more than a few reviews that went beyond the one-per-event-day target, including a trio of L2 Evaluations, a number of events where I reviewed multiple judges, and a few certification reviews. Next year I plan to track this count.
Now that we've looked through my 2016 KPI, let's see how we did on my goals:
1. Consistently write at least one review every day that I judge.
I'm pleased with my performance on this goal. I definitely got better at writing reviews on shoulder days – knowing that I wanted to write a review really focused my attention on what I was doing on Fridays and Sundays.
2. Write a self-review for every Grand Prix or Open.
I don't think I can consider myself successful at this goal, especially because I got worse on it as the year went on. Ironically, at a time when I wasn't writing many self-reviews, I was reading them. During my L3 Checklist preparation and Pre-Event Interview, past reviews of me were helpful in identifying specific examples of my strengths and weaknesses.
3. Write reviews within two weeks after the event.
The numbers tell me that I should feel good here. Since I generally do what numbers tell me to do, I will feel good. I wrote only two reviews of other judges more than two weeks after the event. Both were from GP Detroit, an event where I was sick as a dog both during and after the event. Other than that setback, I feel like I did a good job of providing timely feedback.
That brings me to next year. Now that I've reviewed my reviews for 2016, what are my goals for 2017? And what are the KPI I'm going to track to get me there? I'll be back on The Feedback Loop next month to share these goals and the process I used to set them.
Riki ‘s Note: John Brian has written 78 reviews in 2016, a historically significant accomplishment. Based on my cursory examination, he is only the fourth judge in the history of the Judge Program to reach such a total in one calendar year. He's “only” third in yearly total for 2016, but that's like Luis Gonzalez hitting only 57 home runs the year that Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa had their epic duel.
In actuality, John Brian's total for the year is likely in the Top 10 of annual review totals. In a single year, he's leapfrogged from 179th to the Top 50 in lifetime reviews written. A repeat performance in 2017 would place him in the Top 20. John Brian's continued focus on analytics makes it likely that he will not only repeat but also improve upon his noteworthy reviewing in 2016.
Google's own-brand phone revealed in promotional images by Carphone Warehouse before official unveiling on Tuesday
Google's new own-brand Pixel smartphones have been revealed a day before their official unveiling after Carphone Warehouse leaked promotional content.
The new Pixel phone by Google marks a step-change for the Android-maker, putting the Google brand front and centre in an obvious direct challenge to Apple and its iPhone. Both Apple, and now Google, have the advantage of being able to develop both hardware and software simultaneously.
Most other smartphone manufacturers, including the world's largest, Samsung, use Android but do not actively develop the software, only modify it, relying on Google for primary development.
Google has previously used Nexus branding for its smartphones, where it has partnered with manufacturers such as Huawei, LG and HTC. The new Pixel brand is in-keeping with that used for Google's Chromebook Pixel and recent Pixel C Android tablet.
The leaked images captured by Android Police show two sizes of the phone –a regular and “XL” version, USB-C fast charging, a new interface, video calling and the Google Assistant, which first launched within the company's Allo messaging app.
Both devices will have 32GB or 128GB of storage, 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm's latest 821 processors, AMOLED screens, fingerprint scanners on the back, an eight-megapixel selfie camera and a 12-megapixel camera on the back with optical image stabilisation, according to the smartphone retailers listings which have since been removed.
Google is expected to unveil the new smartphones at an event on Tuesday along with the next version of Android Nougat 7.1, which will feature more of Google's conversational AI in the form of Assistant.
Ever wonder what True Detective might look like if it took itself less seriously? Or maybe if Dukes of Hazzard had added a bit of intrigue to their plotlines? Well, the new SundanceTV series Hap and Leonard just might be your solution.
The show will follow the exploits of the two eponymous best friends: the white working-class Hap Collins (James Purefoy) with a love for the women of the South, and the black gay veteran Leonard Pine (Michael Kenneth Williams), who carries some serious anger issues.
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, and music.
Set in Texas during the '80s, Hap and Leonard embark on a scheme to make a fortune after agreeing to a deal with Hap's ex-wife Trudy (Christina Hendricks). Of course, the plan leads to chaos, and a mystery involving both of these unlikely friends.
The six-episode series is adapted from a series of Joe Lansdale books — eight novels that were released between 1990 and 2011, a ninth due out in February, and two novellas released between 2011 and 2013. Lansdale's stories were praised for how they combined dark and thrilling mysteries with sharp humor.
Hap and Leonard, created by director/writer Jim Mickle and writer Nick Damici, is set to debut in March on SundanceTV.
Today Lego announced a new, free mobile and browser-based Star Wars game. Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles allows players affiliate with the light and dark side by choosing to play as either Yoda or Count Dooku.
According to Lego's press release, the game takes place on Coruscant, desert planets, and industrial factories. There will be 15 levels along with 5 bonus missions. The first half of the levels will be available for iOS and web browsers May 4, with the rest arriving this summer. Lego says you'll also be able to unlock new content by transferring your Lego ID between the browser and iOS versions of the game. The free game will arrive on Android devices alongside the second half of the levels this summer.
Learn more about Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles and create your Lego ID by visiting the official Lego Star Wars website. While you're there, check out a couple of the funny and adorable CG vignettes for The Yoda Chronicles.
Breakthrough Starshot: ‘Challenges' Forum Opens
Ever since coming back from the Breakthrough Discuss meeting in Palo Alto, I have been pondering the enormous issues the Breakthrough Starshot project will encounter. Getting a tiny spacecraft up to twenty percent of lightspeed is only the beginning of an effort that has to deal with power generation, a phased laser array of enormous strength and complexity, the miniaturization of critical components, lightsail integrity under thrust and much more.
These topics were freely discussed in Palo Alto, and especially at the Yuri's Night party that Yuri Milner threw for the assembled conference goers. When I talked to Milner at the party, he suggested an idea that we have been working on ever since. In order to keep the discussion on the critical issues involving Breakthrough Starshot in front of the interstellar community, why not set up a linkage between the discussion areas of the Breakthrough site and Centauri Dreams? This site would maintain its usual structure and separate comments, but it would then include a section specifically devoted to pursuing the Breakthrough Starshot concept.
I am the world's poorest programmer, but a crack team from Breakthrough Initiatives, led by Stepan Torchyan and including Peter Petrov and Konstantin Efimov knew exactly what to do. As of this morning, the new section goes live. You'll find the ‘Challenges' forum accesible through the ‘Breakthrough Starshot' tab at the top of the Centauri Dreams logo, Click on ‘Breakthrough Starshot' and you'll see it is set up as a series of forums, each of them dealing with a single major issue for the project. A ‘Challenges' link also appears on the Breakthrough Initiatives site.
What's happening here is that any comments Centauri Dreams readers place in one of these forums will be mirrored on the Breakthrough Initiatives site, while comments posted there will appear on the ‘Challenges' forum pages on this site. As long-time readers know, Centauri Dreams doesn't require a login in order to post, but ‘Challenges' does. You can set up a password on the ‘Challenges' page. Click the ‘Breakthrough Starshot' tab, then click ‘Sign In' and, on the ensuing page, ‘Sign Up.'
When you go to the new forum, you'll see that the list of topics is lengthy, and I hope that we can continue the many good discussions we've already had on Centauri Dreams in this new venue, even as we follow the project with articles and comments on Centauri Dreams itself. Many of the current topics came under discussion in Palo Alto, but as Breakthrough Starshot begins its work this summer, each will come into sharper focus.
Simply put, there could be a deal-breaker almost anywhere on the list of Challenges. If we build the phased laser array to boost a Starchip up to a substantial percentage of c, would the sail be stable under the beam? Would the phased array work as we hope through the atmosphere? What about objects in the beam's path — a bird, an airplane? What of the collision potential for a spacecraft moving at these velocities in cruise, and how do we manage to adjust the spacecraft's course on the way? And a huge one: How do we manage data return considering the minute size of the Starchip we hope to send to Alpha Centauri?
Have a look at the Challenges forum as we begin to see how it will work. Stepan Torchyan's team will check into any bug reports if problems arise, and after an initial shakedown, we should be able to add to the Breakthrough Starshot discussion daily. I'm happy to be able to bring these forums to the attention of the Centauri Dreams audience considering how much I've learned from readers here since I began the site in 2004. I have no doubt we'll be able to make a contribution to this ongoing study to achieve what I've always dreamed about, a human technology arriving intact and returning data from the Alpha Centauri system.
Greg Skidmore, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Rand_Paul_in_Louisville_by_Gage_Skidmore.jpg Four days after Paul Ryan's selection as Mitt Romney's running mate, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul has broken his silence on his party's vice presidential candidate.
In a statement emailed to Business Insider, Sen. Paul — whose father, Ron Paul, is technically still running for President — had muted praise for Romney's V.P. pick, noting that Ryan's addition to the ticket shows the party's commitment to tackling debt issues.
"The pick of Paul Ryan solidifies the Republican ticket's commitment to taking on the pressing issues like the deficit, entitlement reform and tax reform," Sen. Paul said. "Congressman Ryan's values and commitment to fixing our fiscal mess stands in stark contrast to Vice President Biden - and presents a clear choice to the American people."
The statement underscores the conflict that Ryan's V.P. run presents for Paul World, and for libertarian-minded Republicans at large. Although Ryan and the Pauls share similar concerns about the federal deficit — and a mutual love for Ayn Rand and Austrian economics — both Sen. Paul and his father have been outspoken critics of Ryan's budget, which they argue does not substantively reduce the federal deficit or go far enough to cut defense spending.
Ron Paul, who is still fighting to get his delegates seated at the Republican National Convention, has yet to comment on Ryan's selection as V.P. His congressional office referred requests for comment to his campaign, which did not return repeated calls for comment.
In the meantime, this floor speech should give you a sense of how the elder Paul feels about Ryan and his budget:
Mr. Speaker, listening to the claims of the opponents of this budget, one would think it represented a full-frontal assault on the welfare state and the entitlements system. However, in fact—with all respect to Shakespeare—the sound and fury over this budget ultimately signifies nothing. Under this budget, the federal government will spend $3.5 trillion next year, while under President Obama's budget the federal government will spend $3.8 trillion. The small difference between the congressional budget and the President's hardly seem to justify the over-heated rhetoric we hear emanating from both sides of the aisle.
Even under the most optimistic scenario, this supposedly radical plan does not balance the federal budget until my one-year old great-granddaughter will be in college. Under less optimistic assumptions, my great granddaughter will be almost 30 before she sees a balanced federal budget. This assumes that Congress will adhere to this year's budget in future years, a dubious assumption since we cannot bind future Congresses to abide by our spending plans.
*This post was updated at 3:35 p.m.
Bill expected to permit new borrowing above current $16.7tn debt but not likely to include spending cuts sought by Republicans
Senate Democrats plan to move quickly towards a vote to allow the government to borrow more money, challenging Republicans to a filibuster showdown as the time remaining to stop a first-ever default on US obligations ticks by.
A spokesman said Senate majority leader Harry Reid could unveil the measure as early as Tuesday, setting the table for a test vote later in the week. The measure is expected to provide enough borrowing room to last beyond next year's election, which means it likely will permit new borrowing above the current $16.7tn debt ceiling that the administration says will be hit on 17 October. It is not expected to include new spending cuts sought by Republicans.
The development comes as a partial shutdown of the government enters its second week with no end in sight.
Those affected include families of service members killed in action. Survivors are typically sent a $100,000 payment within three days to help with costs such as funeral expenses. Because of the shutdown, the Defense Department does not have the authority to make the payments, officials said Monday, even though most of the department's civilian workers have been recalled.
Some 350,000 civilian Defense Department workers were summoned back to work Monday as the result of legislation Congress passed and Obama signed after the shutdown began. Many other agencies, such as NASA and the Environmental Protection Agency, remain mostly shuttered.
Even the White House is feeling the effects, with about three out of four staffers furloughed.
It is not clear whether Reid's gambit will work in the Senate. Republicans are expected to oppose the measure if it does not contain budget cuts to make a dent in deficits. The question is whether Republicans will try to hold up the measure with a filibuster. Such a showdown could unnerve the financial markets.
Until recently, debt limit increases have not been the target of filibusters; the first in memory came four years ago, when Democrats controlled the Senate with a filibuster-proof 60 votes.
Many Republicans in the Senate, including minority leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and whip John Cornyn of Texas, have voted for so-called clean debt limit increases during Republican administrations.
Some Republicans seemed wary of participating in a filibuster that could rattle the stock and bond markets.
"We shouldn't be dismissing anything out of hand, whether it's the debt ceiling or what we're going to do with this government shutdown," said Senator Lisa Murkowski, an Alaskan Republican. "We've got a situation where you've got a calendar running, you've got people who are frustrated and upset, so let's figure it out."
The impasse over the shutdown — sparked by House Republicans' insistence that a temporary funding bill contain concessions on President Obama's healthcare law — shows no signs of breaking, as each side sticks to its guns and repeats its talking points.
Democrats from Obama on down to the most junior lawmakers said again that the House should vote immediately on ending the partial closure of the government. Obama said House speaker John Boehner "doesn't apparently want to see the ... shutdown end at the moment, unless he's able to extract concessions that don't have anything to do with the budget."
Boehner called on Obama to agree to negotiations on changes to the Affordable Care Act and steps to curb deficits, the principal GOP demands for ending the shutdown that began with the 1 October beginning of the new fiscal year, and eliminating the threat of default. "Really, Mr President. It's time to have that conversation before our economy is put further at risk," Boehner said on the House floor.
The White House has said repeatedly the president will not negotiate with Republicans until the government is fully reopened and the debt limit has been raised. But it hasn't said the debt limit measure has to be completely "clean" of add-ons.
White House aide Jason Furman told reporters the White House could accept some add-ons if Boehner "needs to have some talking point for his caucus that's consistent with us not negotiating ... that's not adding a bunch of extraneous conditions." Another White House official, Gene Sperling, said the administration could be open to an interim, short-term debt limit extension to prevent a catastrophic default.
Republicans were sticking with a strategy of trying to pin the blame for the shutdown on Obama for being unwilling to negotiate. The House also passed legislation Monday to reopen the Food and Drug Administration, the latest in a series of piecemeal funding bills to advance through the GOP-controlled chamber.
It's been commonly assumed that Republicans would suffer politically from the shutdown and the early polling data seems to bear that out.
A survey released Monday by the Washington Post and ABC News said disapproval of Republican handling of the budget showdown was measured at 70%, up from 63% a week earlier. Disapproval of Obama's role was statistically unchanged at 51%.
This article is about the suburb in Swansea, Wales. For other uses, see Black pill (disambiguation)
Blackpill is a suburban area of Swansea, Wales. It is located beside Swansea Bay, about 3 miles (4.8 km) south west of the city centre. Blackpill falls into the Mayals ward.
The area is centered on a seafront building on Mumbles road, which once served as a station and power station for the Swansea and Mumbles Railway. Today, it houses a cafe called "The Junction". The land between Mumbles road and Blackpill beach is used as Blackpill Lido, a family and children's play area which is popular in summer. Also on Mumbles road is 'The Woodman', a local pub, and Blackpill Post Office. Behind the Woodman, to the left of the main entrance to Clyne Gardens, is Clyne Chapel [1]. The chapel was built in 1907 by Graham Vivian, who owned the nearby Clyne Castle and Estate, as the private chapel for his family. Although Vivian specified that the Chapel should have no stained glass windows to distract from the beauty of its surroundings, there are within it a range of notable artefacts that he collected on his tours to Italy. Clyne Chapel is a Grade II listed building and serves as the Anglican church for the local community.
The southern entrance to the Clyne valley cycle track is located just across the road from the boating lake area. This cycle track runs though the Clyne Valley Country Park to Killay, Dunvant, and Gowerton, by following the route of a former railway line, which formed the start of the Heart of Wales Line prior to the Beeching Axe of the 1960s.
Sloping uphill to the west of Blackpill are Clyne Gardens (Gerddi Clun), the landscaped former park of Clyne Castle. Clyne Castle, first built in the late 18th century and much altered, was for half a century a university hall, but is now converted to flats, while replacing demolished 20th-century student accommodation blocks is a new estate of luxury futuristic houses [2] built by Holder Mathias Architects and were nominated for a RIBA award [3]
A Territorial Army barracks is based just off the Mumbles Road leading up to West Cross.
Leisure [ edit ]
Blackpill has leisure facilities such as a former boating lake, which was located here for about thirty years and has now been converted into a shallow paddling pool. North of the boating lake was a mini golf course sandwiched between a carriageway and cycle track. Blackpill Pitch-and-Putt [4], despite its name, is actually located within the Sketty electoral ward, but in 2016 was converted to a footgolf course.
Blackpill Beach [ edit ]
Blackpill Beach is an area known for wildlife and wildlife watchers. Large numbers of wading birds and a variety of gulls, some rare, gather here at high tide. The beach and the stream that flows out of the area is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Plans [ edit ]
The local council has plans to improve the leisure facilities in the area. Proposals include a new visitor centre for bird watchers at the mouth of the Blackpill Stream, additional car parking, upgrades to the Blackpill Lido to create a children's water park, a cycle hire centre, and improvements to the waterfront skate park.[5][permanent dead link]
A new foot- and cycle-bridge has been proposed, crossing over the dual carriageway, to connect the waterfront promenade to the cycle track in the Clyne Valley. A fourth park and ride site for Swansea is planned to be located at the existing car park at the entrance to the Clyne Valley Country Park. This new park-and-ride facility would serve both Mumbles and the city centre.[6][permanent dead link]
MELBOURNE City coach John van't Schip writes about his friendship with Johan Cruyff and the deep influence the Dutch legend had on his life:
BORN in Canada, I was an eight-year-old ice-hockey lover who didn't speak a word of Dutch when my family returned to the Netherlands.
Weeks later a moment completely changed my life — the 1972 European Cup final between Ajax and Inter Milan.
Johan Cruyff entered my young heart on a very deep level and I never looked back.
What Johan did with the ball was pure magic, he became an instant idol as it inspired me to join a local team as I regularly dreamt of playing for Ajax and befriending Johan.
Nine years later on senior debut, my first action was receiving the ball from a player who yelled “take him on”, and I did, drawing a foul and earning praise from him.
It was Cruyff and that day, 6 December 1981, was historic because it was Johan's comeback game, eight years after leaving for Barcelona.
Some dreams do come true, which is why I'm fond of the quote: “the future belongs to those who believe in the power of their dreams”.
If not for Cruyff, I wouldn't have even played. He spotted me in the youth team and told first team coach Kurt Linder to give me a chance.
Johan believed in me much more than I believed in myself.
Thanks for everything Johan......
https://t.co/CShfEpNQJj — john van't schip (@johnvantschip7) 24 March 2016
He remained ever-present in my life, the biggest influence on my playing career — I played 41 times for the Netherlands — and coaching career and constant football father-teacher.
He was a revolutionary as a player and coach, always thinking two steps ahead, demanding his teams entertained while having an eye for young talent.
The two-and-a-half years Johan coached me — I was one of his captains — remain the foundations of my coaching. To this day I think ‘'how would Johan act? What would Johan have done?''
Johan advised the Dutch federation to appoint Marco van Basten and I as national team coaches in 2004, where we qualified for the 2006 World Cup and Euro 2008.
He appointed me at Mexican club Chivas Guadalajara in 2012 where we resumed regular, intensive discussions about football and life, which I relished.
Johan was an extraordinary person. While playing in the US, he taught a child with Down syndrome to swim and play soccer, which led to the creation of the Johan Cruyff Foundation.
When Cruyff returned to Barcelona as coach in 1988 — he left Ajax after a disagreement with the board — they had never won the Champions League and the famed La Masia academy didn't exist.
Now he's viewed as the most influential figure in Barça history.
When Melbourne Heart approached me in 2009, Johan gave me his blessing and said he'd always wished to travel to Australia.
Unfortunately he never came as he was taken from us too soon, though his legacy lives on.
Philadelphia police are investigating the death of a local pediatrician after finding her body tied up and set on fire insider her home on Monday.
Investigators confirmed reports on Tuesday that the victim, 35-year-old Melissa Ketunuti, was taking part in a pediatric fellowship at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Ketunuti's body was found with her hands and feet tied behind her and a rope tied around her neck. Police said she was likely strangled to death before being set on fire.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported on Monday that Ketunuti's dog-walker alerted authorities after finding the body that afternoon. Police said there were no signs of forced entry.
“We don't know if she walked in on individuals inside of her home,” Police Capt. James Clark said at a press conference on Tuesday. “We don't know if it's someone known to her or unknown to her.”
Clark also said investigators are speaking with Ketunuti's boyfriend, but that he was not a suspect at this time. A $20,000 reward has been established for information leading to an arrest in the case.
One of the victim's neighbors, Pamela Rimato-Tirone, told WPTI-TV on Monday she didn't notice anything unusual at Ketunuti's house when she walked by, just 10 minutes before her body was discovered.
“Everything was fine,” Tirone said. “I saw a guy going to visit [the home next door] because someone passed away, they were holding Shiva there today, everything was fine.”
Watch WPTI's initial report from the scene, aired Jan. 21, 2013, below.
When Chris Mosier earned a spot on Team USA's sprint duathalon men's team in 2015, the feeling of accomplishment was mixed with tension. While his American home team recognized his right to compete, the World Championships in 2016 were in Spain—and international rules on transgender athletes are governed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), whose guidelines stated that athletes needed genital reassignment surgery and two years of hormone therapy in order to qualify. Chris didn't fit the surgery requirements, so he joined the fight to transform the policy and became a face for change and the right to compete. In January 2016, The IOC changed its policy, omitting the surgery requirement and reducing the hormone therapy requirement from two years to one. VICE spoke with Chris about the ripple effects of the landmark change, and what he wishes more people understood about being trans.
VICE: What does the IOC policy change mean for trans athletes beyond the Olympics?
Chris Mosier: There is a trickle-down effect from the IOC, because people look to the Olympics as the gold standard of sports. When there were fewer transgender policies in athletics, people looked to the Olympic committee for guidance in creating their own. There are also other organizations that are governed by the same standards. The hope is that we will see these policy changes reflected on local levels. We're looking at high school-level organizations so that trans students can play at the same level as their cisgender peers.
[Change] happens from the bottom up just as much from the top down. And it's much harder from the bottom up. It's one thing for me to address the issue at a national level, but in many cases for the local level, it takes a student to challenge it, and that takes a lot of courage. In some cases, there is no policy that allows students to play according to their gender identity. That means putting someone who is affected by the lack of policies on the ground level on the line to create that change. And it involves people talking about their genitals, because that's what some of these high school policies boil down to. That's super invasive for young people. But that is how we've seen change happen.
My hope is that other advocates and I can go in at the high school level and do that process for them—talk directly to athletic directors and policymakers in high schools and help them come along with the idea. In a lot of cases, they've never had a transgender student in that position, so they might not know how their policies—to make people play in accordance with what their birth certificates say—is negatively impacting people.
Some experts say that trans people are not accurately represented in the medical field and are often pushed out to the margins of research. Can you speak to that?
Something people forget when we talk about transgender people is that there's not just one way to be transgender. I think some people think it's always a full medical and surgical transition to another gender. People assume the gender binary. I was in the [ESPN] Body Issue, and I said that for 29 years of my life, I didn't want people to take photos of me because what I saw reflected back at me wasn't the way I saw myself. I didn't say it was like I was trapped in the wrong body. So when people say that, I push back and say I strongly disagree with that. It wasn't that I felt trapped in the wrong body at all. There were just parts of my body I didn't like.
Some people say they don't understand how some people wouldn't want to fully transition, and it's challenging to put that into words, because we all have different experiences. The first thing we need to break apart is the idea that there are just two ways to be. There are different levels of masculine and feminine behavior.
Do you think trans women have it harder than trans men?
Trans women have a much harder time trying to get folks to understand their identity, and having conversations about competitive activity. Trans women are already stereotyped in ways that are really unfair. The changes trans women go through with estrogen is a performance decreaser, in fact: Cisgender women typically have more testosterone than trans women.
What's your hope for the future?
In athletics, we are are going to see pushback now that the IOC policy has changed, and it will come to the forefront faster than we thought it would. What we are going to see are some serious conversations about competitive equity. I hope that we can come to a place where trans people can be included in sports at all levels in a way that's fair. I want policy change at the high school level and that's where I am putting my efforts now, so that we can have those future Olympians.
I am now working with a group called the 50 project. We're trying to get all 50 states to have transgender policies. Right now we're working on that moveable middle, meaning states that already have some sort of policy that we're tweaking a little. When we can get those states on board, we will have a majority that will have trans-inclusive policies, and will be able to move those that have been a little more resistant to it. We're also talking with states that don't have policies, helping them with a model policy to make sure that when they do create something, it doesn't come down to a kid having to ask to play on the team that's right for them.
A winery consultant stands accused of falsely identifying Sangiovese as Brunello di Montalcino
Italian authorities have uncovered a conspiracy to bottle and pass off inferior wine as Brunello di Montalcino. The Guardia di Finanza, responsible for investigating financial crimes, announced that officers have seized approximately 180,000 liters—potentially 20,000 cases of wine—from the 2008 to 2013 vintages, with an approximate value of $3.87 million to $5.16 million. An unidentified winery consultant is being investigated, accused of false advertising, embezzlement, fraud and unauthorized access of a computer system.
The consultant was not an enologist, but provided administrative and business services to numerous small producers. Investigators say he falsified documents, adjusting production figures to match the volume of wines from the past six harvests.
The wine was still resting in tanks and barrels—about half was falsely identified as Brunello, the rest Rosso di Montalcino. “Inside the barrels and tanks there was Sangiovese from Montalcino and other areas, but not Brunello,” said Fabrizio Bindocci, president of the Consorzio del Vino Brunello di Montalcino, the local alliance of wineries and growers.
None of the wineries involved has been identified while the investigation by the Siena Public Prosecutor's office continues. It remains to be seen whether the wineries were duped by the alleged fraudster or complicit in the scam.
The illegal altering of registers and documents took place between 2011 and 2013. An investigation began early in 2014 after Valoritalia, the agency that controls the Brunello di Montalcino denomination in cooperation with the Consorzio, reported discrepancies to the authorities.
"It is a very serious event, which could cause damage to Brunello di Montalcino, its producers and its territory,” said Bindocci. “However, our appellation has the strength and the instruments to locate, isolate and successfully fight abuses of Brunello's reputation.” The Consorzio has promised to initiate civil claims against the accused individual and any wineries found as accomplices.
The scandal is the third to rock the region in the past six years. In 2008, several wineries and individuals were accused of blending other grapes with Sangiovese destined to become Brunello di Montalcino. By 2011, most of these accusations were resolved.
In May 2014, Italian police seized more than 30,000 bottles of cheap wine labeled as Brunello and Chianti from wineries and bottling plants. Police are still investigating six unidentified companies, which allegedly sourced the wines and tried to export them.
Many people assume Australia's regions are getting a raw deal compared to the big cities. But beneath the oft-told “tale of two Australias” is a more nuanced story.
New research released today by the Grattan Institute shows that income growth and unemployment rates are not obviously worse in regional areas. Cities and regions both have pockets of disadvantage, and areas with healthy income growth and low unemployment.
But shifts in population are driving a wedge between city and regional Australia. Fewer people are living in remote areas. And because of this, the economy is becoming more concentrated in cities and large regional centres.
Income growth in the regions has kept pace with the cities
The gap in incomes between the cities and the regions is actually not getting wider.
Income growth was particularly high over the past decade in the mining areas of Western Australia and Queensland. But this is not just a mining-state phenomenon: average growth in income per person was similar in cities and regions across every state.
Income growth was high in areas close to the centre of Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide. But suburban parts of these cities did not fare so well – areas in Sydney's west and Melbourne's outer ring had some of the lowest income growth in the nation.
The absolute level of income tends to be higher in the cities than the regions - but this has always been so. The highest taxable incomes in Australia are in Sydney's eastern suburbs, followed by Cottesloe in Perth and Stonnington in eastern Melbourne. The only regional area in the top 20 areas by taxable income is the mining region of Pilbara in WA.
The lowest taxable incomes are in Tasmania and the regions of the east-coast states, especially the far north coast of NSW, central Victoria and southern Queensland.
Where unemployment is worst
Unemployment is not obviously worse in the regions than the cities, but both have areas of strong disadvantage.
Parts of Far North Queensland have the highest rates of unemployment: 40% or more, compared to the national average of 6.1% in 2016. Most of these areas have had high unemployment rates for many years.
Unemployment tends to be higher in large regional towns than in surrounding rural areas. In the capital cities, unemployment is concentrated along the “spines” - built-up areas that follow major roads.
Unemployment got worse over the last five years in many areas where the jobless rate was already high. The unemployment rate increased in the northern parts of WA, the Northern Territory and Queensland between 2011 and 2016. Unemployment appears to be entrenched in these areas.
Unemployment also got worse along city “spines”: the Ipswich to Carole Park corridor in Brisbane, and the Dandenong to Pakenham corridor in Melbourne. The exception was the Botany Bay to Liverpool corridor in Sydney, where unemployment improved but remains high.
Interactive map
Click on the map below to compare income, income growth, unemployment and population growth.
The full functionality of this graph is not available on mobile devices/small screens. If so, click here to open in a new window
Population growth is much stronger in the cities
The regions are not noticeably falling behind in terms of income growth and employment. But there are big – and growing – differences in the location of economic activity and where people are choosing to live.
A long-term trend in Australia's economy continued in the past decade: fewer people are working in agriculture and manufacturing, and more are finding jobs in services. The loss of agricultural and manufacturing work is felt most keenly in regional and outer-suburban areas. And many service jobs – particularly professional services – tend to cluster in the centre of cities.
Large regional towns exert a gravitational pull on the populations of smaller rural communities. Major cities have a stronger pull again, drawing younger and more-educated people from the regions as well as the majority of new migrants.
This is evident in the population data over the past decade: in general, populations declined in small towns in the east-coast states and South Australia, but increased in larger regional centres. Population – and unemployment – also tended to increase faster in the towns along the east coast. Populations in the major cities, meanwhile, grew strongly.
Voters in regional areas are increasingly voting for minor parties. It's often suggested this is because of the deteriorating economic position of the regions.
But given that people in regions have generally fared as well as those in cities over the past decade, major parties may need to look beyond income and employment to discover what is driving dissatisfaction among regional voters.
In his two presidential terms combined, President George W. Bush hosted a total of 318 fundraisers. Our current president, however, has already surpassed that number just two years into his second term. Most frustratingly, they often seem to come when we most need leadership from the commander-in-chief.
The turmoil between Israel and Hamas rages on and the downing of a Malaysian Airlines flight which took almost 300 lives has left nations in mourning. Yet, in the midst of these tragedies, Obama decided to attend another fundraiser. Five, actually:
Obama on Tuesday was starting a three-day West Coast trip, scheduled to attend at least five fundraising events in Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles less than four months ahead of midterm elections that could change Washington's balance of power.
A few highlights of his most recent money-raising trip include an overpriced dinner:
The event is at the Hunts Point home of former Costco CEO Jim Sinegal and his wife, Jan, according to a copy of the invitation obtained by The Seattle Times. The price tag for the event is $25,000 per person, with proceeds going to the Senate Majority PAC, a Democratic group that accepts unlimited donations.
And, of course, a bit of schmoozing with Hollywood, such as Obama's fundraising trip at the Beverly Hills home of Shonda Rhimes, the producer of the ABC series "Scandal." After he “briefly” touched on the unfolding crisis in the Middle East, the party went on:
The international concerns didn't dampen donor enthusiasm, with about 450 people attending at ticket levels ranging from $1,000 per person up to $32,400 per person, the latter including dinner with the president, according to a DNC official. Millions were expected to be raised from Obama's series of fundraising events over the last few days, as donors increasingly focus on the possibility that the Democrats may lose control of the Senate in November.
Hey, he at least took one stop off his trip:
Obama did abandon one idea for the trip, however. The White House had been in touch with late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel about a presidential appearance on his show during the stop in Los Angeles. "We elected not to do it this time, but hope we can arrange to do it in the near future," Earnest said.
Probably when he wants to escape the next crisis.
It's a known fact that the president's fundraising trips are not as well timed as his jokes. Another case in point: The day after the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, Obama went to a fundraiser in Las Vegas.
Obama may not quite hit Clinton's number, (the 42nd president held a whopping 638 fundraisers), but at this rate he'll sure come close.
Can someone tell him we don't hire the president to be an incessant fundraiser?
Micro-blogging website Twitter on Monday launched Promoted #Stickers which allows brands to design four to eight stickers that people can use to adorn their photos.
Promoted #Stickers are available globally to select marketers with a managed account, the company wrote in a blog post.
Pepsi is the exclusive launch partner of Promoted #Stickers and will share nearly 50 custom stickers across 10 markets, including India, for fans to use as part of their global "PepsiMoji" campaign.
Twitter recently introduced #Stickers for users to add a pop of creativity to photos and connect them to the world on its platform.
Since then, millions of photos have been tweeted using #Stickers across sports, news and entertainment.
#Stickers act as a visual hashtag which means that photos with your brand's sticker will be connected and discoverable to anyone who taps your brand's sticker.
Introducing Promoted #Stickers A fun way to express your brand and engage with consumers! https://t.co/wIIDHAC0KK pic.twitter.com/usc4HRwrPU -- Twitter Advertising (@TwitterAds) August 15, 2016
This allows a brand to see and engage with the people who are using their stickers in creative ways.
In its blog post, Twitter said, "Starting today, brands can create and promote custom stickers for anyone on Twitter to use. A brand's stickers will be featured in the #Stickers library and offer a form of creative expression that makes a person's photos more fun and engaging. Promoted #Stickers represents a huge opportunity for brands to drive brand affinity and raise awareness of their message at scale."
Southampton chairman Nicola Cortese has left his post at St Mary's, with club owner Katharina Liebherr installing herself as his replacement.
Cortese, 45, tendered his resignation in the autumn and has now departed.
Analysis "In recent weeks, his appearances at the training ground, often before seven in the morning, had grown less frequent. Something had changed, something was wrong." Read more
Saints manager Mauricio Pochettino said last season he would leave the Premier League club if the Italian did.
Liebherr said: "With great regret we have accepted the resignation of Mr Cortese. He has done a wonderful job and we very much wanted him to stay."
Cortese has, at times, polarised opinion at Southampton but was a key figure in their rise from League One to the Premier League in less than four years.
Following his departure, Liebherr has become non-executive chairman, with a chief executive officer to be appointed in due course.
"In the meantime, it is business as usual and we will ensure that the manager, the team and all the staff at the club have all the help and support they need," added Liebherr, who became a trustee of the club after the death of her father Markus in August 2010.
Media playback is not supported on this device Archive: Pochettino on Cortese exit
Cortese bought the club on behalf of the late wealthy Swiss investor in 2009, lifting the south-coast club out of administration.
When German-born Markus Liebherr died, the club said "well-laid plans" he and Cortese had mapped out would "continue to be implemented uninterrupted".
But Cortese, who disagrees with Katharina Liebherr's wish to sell the club, submitted his resignation almost three months ago, when Southampton were third in the Premier League.
The former Switzerland banker had already considered his position in May 2013, as he attempted to clarify the future position of the club - eventually deciding to stay after receiving the necessary assurances.
Saints march to the top flight 2009-10: 7th (League One) 2010-11: 2nd (League One) 2011-12: 2nd (Championship) 2012-13: 14th (Premier League) 2013-14: 9th* (Premier League) * Correct on 14 January
Pochettino, who is scheduled to attend his weekly news conference on Thursday, said at the time that he too would leave if Cortese went.
"I would not understand staying in this role if Nicola was not here," the 41-year-old said. "The person who actually called me from the start, told me about the project and put the faith in me was Nicola."
Cortese replaced former boss Nigel Adkins with former Argentina defender Pochettino in January 2013, when the Saints were three points clear of the relegation zone.
Pochettino guided them to safety and they are currently ninth in the top flight with 21 games played.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Back in early 2012, the US Department of Agriculture seemed on the verge of approving new genetically modified crops from agrichemical giants Monsanto and Dow. The two companies were pushing new corn and soy varieties that would respond to the ever-expanding problem of herbicide-tolerant superweeds by bringing more-toxic herbicides into the mix—and likely ramping up the resistance problem, as I explained at length in a post at the time.
Even some mainstream ag scientists were alarmed at the coming escalation in the war against weeds. Scientists at Penn State University—not exactly a hotbed of alternative ag thinking—delivered a damning analysis of the novel crops, which would be engineered to withstand not only Monsanto's Roundup herbicide, but also the highly toxic old ones 2,4-D (Dow's version) and Dicamba (Monsanto's).
Yet in August, the USDA again signaled that approval would be imminent—and by the end of 2012, people who follow ag regulatory issues were telling me that the USDA would almost certainly approve the crops over Christmas break, timing the decision in an effort to minimize the inevitable uproar.
But then Christmas came and went with no announcement—leading Dow to issue a January press statement about how the unexpected delay meant it could not sell its new product to farmers for the 2013 growing season. Yet the company remained confident about the prospects for approval in time for planting in 2014—it told the trade journal Delta Farm Press it “expects all approvals will be in place for sale in late 2013,” in time for its novel seeds to be used over a “broad geography” in 2014.
But on Friday, the USDA essentially trampled on those expectations—it announced it was delaying approval of the crops until it could generate full environmental impact statements (known as EIS's) on them. The move effectively means that the crops won't be planted in fields next year, either, a Dow spokesperson told Bloomberg News.
What's going on here is that under the National Environmental Policy Act, all federal agencies, including USDA, are required to perform an EIS if there's a chance that a regulatory decision will affect the human environment. But for years, the USDA did not issue such analyses as part of its process of approving GMO crops, and watchdog groups like the Center for Food Safety have repeatedly and successfully sued the department for failing to do so.
Previous Center for Food Safety lawsuits on EIS grounds managed to temporarily delay the release of Monsanto crops like Roundup Ready sugar beets and Roundup Ready alfalfa. These suits are precisely what the infamous “Monsanto Protection Act,” snuck into a March Senate funding bill by a Monsanto-tied politician, is designed to combat.
USDA declared that it has “determined that its regulatory decisions may significantly affect the quality of the human environment.”
Before Friday's bombshell, everyone assumed that the USDA would eventually approve the new Dow and Monsanto crops—and just brace for the inevitable lawsuit from the Center for Food Safety. But in its Friday press release, the USDA declared that it has “determined that its regulatory decisions may significantly affect the quality of the human environment…[and] therefore believes it necessary under NEPA to prepare these two EIS's to further assist the Agency in evaluating any potential environmental impacts before we make a final determination regarding the products' regulatory status.”
The immediate effect will be a substantial delay in any final decision on approval. The process typically takes at least a year—which is why, as I note above, Dow now doesn't expect to be able to sell its new seeds in 2014.
The move appears to be a result of the popular opposition caused by previous USDA announcements about its intention to approve the crops. In its press release, USDA noted that it had received “8,200 comments, including petitions signed by more than 400,000 people” in response to its proposal to approve 2,4-D corn.
The real question now is whether the EIS process could actually prompt the USDA to reject the crops outright—something it has rarely done before. As I explained in two 2011 posts (here and here), the USDA has been given by Congress a shockingly weak framework for regulating GM crops—and has done little or nothing to broaden that framework through precedent.
That's why it's such a surprise to see the Obama USDA standing up, even a little, to a powerful, well-funded industry—especially after making several capitulations to it in recent years.
Armed crook loses life in tangle with Marine vet
Kenneth Kobobel Sr., a 72-year-old Marine veteran, had yet to put on his eyeglasses when he heard a knock at the door of his office in a northwest Houston strip mall around 9:45 a.m. on Friday.
The great-grandfather was chatting with his brother inside the office, making plans for the day, and figured the towering man waiting outside was one of his workers coming to collect his Friday paycheck.
But when Kobobel opened the door, a man he had never seen before forced his way inside and put a 9mm handgun to his forehead.
"You're dead!" he said the man screamed. "Give me the money! You're dead!"
But the next few, frantic minutes actually would turn out to be the robber's last.
He forced Kobobel to his knees, his brother to the ground. He emptied the brother's wallet, and Kobobel gave him $20. But the robber kept looking, Kobobel said, and patted down one of his pockets, finding a tight wad of bills totaling more than $800.
"You lied to me!" the man screamed. "You're dead!"
He said the robber struck him on the head with the barrel of the 9mm and tossed the desk and credenza looking for more money. The robber finally seemed satisfied they had no more cash and said to "count to 100 before you even think of walking to that door."
Running him down
At the count of 20, Kobobel called 911. Then the senior citizen was out the door, asking neighbors if they saw which way the robber went. He climbed into his 1997 Lexus sedan just as his son, 47-year-old Kenneth Kobobel Jr., pulled up outside.
The son watched his father speed off in pursuit of the robber, not surprised in the least.
"He's an ex-Marine," the son said. "He doesn't put up with a whole lot of nothing."
His father remembers the next few minutes through the haze of an adrenaline rush. He said he spotted the robber in a parking lot of a strip mall on Northline and headed toward him.
"He turned and saw me and pointed the gun at me," Kobobel said.
He said the man fired at him at least once.
Kobobel rammed him with his car, but the robber jumped right back up and recocked his gun, he said.
"I hit him again," he said. "I hit him pretty good that time."
Other details sketchy
Police said Kobobel rammed the man against a metal fence in the parking lot of a strip mall near 7313 Northline, about half a block away from his business. Details about the incident then become sketchy, police said. Investigators said they are trying to determine if another vehicle besides Kobobel's also hit the robber.
Kobobel got out of his car and looked around and didn't see the man, asking residents of the nearby apartment complex if they'd seen him run by. They pointed to the robber lying nearby in the parking lot.
Kobobel, a former lawyer who lives in Spring, walked over and removed the gun from the man's reach, and saw that he was seriously injured.
"I thought it was good that I caught this jerk who'd robbed me," Kobobel said, "but what I didn't like was that this man was laying there and his life was ebbing away. I'm a Christian, and I wouldn't want to see anybody die."
Police have yet to release the robber's identity.
Kobobel, who owns the small strip mall on Little York that houses his business office, a church and driving school, said he's "emotionally tore up" about the man's death.
"I would have given him the $800 if he'd still be alive," he said. "I didn't want anybody to die on my account."
Staff writer Dale Lezon contributed to this report.
susan.carroll@chron.com
Prolific writer and playwright J. California Cooper has died at the age of 82, a family friend has confirmed to EBONY.com.
Cooper passed away peacefully in Seattle, Washington on September 20th, with daughter Paris Williams by her side.
The Berkley-native was best known for her short stories and plays including Strangers, which earned a 1978 Black Playwright Award. Cooper authored six short story collections including A Piece of Mine, Homemade Love (winner of the 1989 American Book Award), Some Soul to Keep, The Matter is Life, Some Love, Some Pain, Sometime, and Wild Stars Seeking Midnight Suns. Her short story Funny Valentine was turned into a 1999 TV movie.
Cooper moved from California to Seattle in 2013, where she continued to write and spend time surrounded by family and friends. Funeral information has not yet been released.
The latest player preview focuses on Chase Jeter. Leading up to the season, we'll be highlighting each player on the roster in a preview that helps Duke fans get ready for the 2015-16 season.
Last Season
As a high school senior, Chase Jeter helped lead his Bishop Gorman team to a 27-6 record and the school's fourth consecutive Nevada Division I State Championship. He averaged 16.2 points and 10.6 rebounds while shooting nearly 70% from the field, which was good enough to earn him the distinction of being recognized as the Gatorade Nevada Boys Basketball Player of the Year and a McDonald's All American.
Jeter is one of multiple 5-star recruits in Duke's 2015 class, arriving as the No. 4 power forward and No. 15 overall player in the 247Sports Composite Rankings.
2014-15 Stats – High School
16.2 points, 10.6 rebounds, 2.1 blocks, 67% FG
Averaged 23.6 points and 12.4 rebounds in the postseason
This Season
At 6'10”, 240 pounds, Chase Jeter is expected to be an important part of a Duke frontcourt that's having to make up for the loss of ACC Player of the Year Jahlil Okafor. While any comparisons for Jeter to Okafor would be foolish, Chase will be part of the committee that attempts to make up for the lost production.
I expect Jeter to start the season coming off the bench behind Amile Jefferson and Marshall Plumlee due to his inexperience, but Jeter is still the frontcourt player with the most potential for the Blue Devils. He should be able to contribute immediately as an interior defender and rebounder, but he also showed nice touch around the basket in high school.
Getting to practice against guys like Amile Jefferson, Marshall Plumlee, and Sean Obi should help him become much tougher over the next year and develop into a major post presence for Duke.
There will be a learning curve for him as a freshman, but hopefully he'll carve out a consistent role in the rotation and we can enter the 2016 season talking about Jeter as having the potential to be one of the players poised for a breakout sophomore year.
A Brown University student who had been taking a semester off has not been seen since Friday night, when he left his family's Colorado home without pants, shoes, or his wallet, police and his family said.
Aravind Elangovan, 19, left his home on Harvard Street in Longmont, Colo. at about 11 p.m. Friday, according to a statement from the Longmont Department of Public Safety. Officials there said he has “various mental conditions.”
Elangovan is 6-foot-1, 195 pounds, and has black hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a long black wool coat, a long-sleeved blue T-shirt, and boxer shorts.
Advertisement
“A combination of the manner in which he left the house, the manner in which he was dressed and his mental impairment, increase Aravind's risk to himself,” public safety officials said in a statement.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Police said Elangovan has no vehicle, wallet, identification, or cellphone, and they believe he “may be trying to make his way” back to Brown.
Sharmila Elangovan said her son skipped several years of elementary school and was 16 years old when he started college. He is studying computer science at Brown, and he took the semester off to develop software as part of a senior project.
“Very smart and very mature,” she said. “Even when he was young, he was very mature.”
She said her son spent part of the semester in Providence, but in March, some of his friends said he was “freaking out” and were concerned about him. Sharmila Elangovan and her husband decided to bring him home to Colorado.
Advertisement
“He's a quiet person,” she said. “He doesn't do any such behavior. He's never done it before.”
Brian Clark, a spokesman for Brown University said they are assisting as Longmont officials investigate.
Felicia Gans can be reached at felicia.gans@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @FeliciaGans
The evidence is now in: The Conservative government's near-doubling of the Tax-Free Savings Account contribution limit to $10,000 per year will disproportionately benefit high earners and wealth holders, and the tilt toward making the rich richer will only steepen over time. This is the clear conclusion of my analysis of Canada Revenue Agency data on TFSA activity released just last month, and it runs counter to the government's repeated claims, including Employment Minister Pierre Poilievre's assertion in a recent Maclean's interview that “there is no evidence to suggest that people of higher income disproportionately benefit.” Finance Minister Joe Oliver himself had earlier cited figures showing that nearly 60 percent of TFSA holders making maximum use of their contribution limits in 2013 had individual incomes below $60,000. That's accurate, as far as it goes, but the recently released CRA data show it to be misleading for several reasons. For starters, many TFSA holders with modest individual incomes appear to be contributing funds transferred to them from a higher-earning spouse or other relative, which is allowed under the regulations. Such transfers are an attractive method of income splitting between higher and lower earners in families with the financial means. Transfers of funds for TFSA contributions are even allowed for children 18 or older. So it's important to distinguish between individual and family holdings of TFSAs, to get a better idea of who's really benefiting. In 2012, individuals with incomes below $60,000 held 63 percent of all TFSA assets. But for families, including unattached persons, in that income range the share was just 31 percent. For incomes of $150,000 and higher, TFSA holdings were 6.5 percent of the total for individuals, but nearly four times that share, 24 percent, if you consider family income.
Clearly, many TFSA holders reporting modest individual incomes actually belong to families with significantly higher total earnings. Thus, we see that TFSAs offer rich opportunities for income splitting, and the increased contribution limit is a boon for families with taxable assets to transfer around.
So the government's arguments based on individual income statistics can be deceptive. Another deficiency of their claims that TFSAs are a boon to modest-income Canadians is their focus only on those individuals who have TFSAs—ignoring the reality that most taxpayers who are eligible for a TFSA haven't chosen to open an account. In fact, fewer than two out of five eligible individuals had a TFSA by the end of 2013, fully five years after the tax break was introduced.
And rates of participation in TFSAs show a strong positive relationship to income: 26 percent for those with individual incomes between $10,000 and $20,000; 45 percent between $45,000 and $55,000; 58 percent between $100,000 and $150,000; and 71 percent above $250,000.
What about those individuals with incomes below $60,000, the ones Poilievre and Oliver like to cite? Only five per cent of eligible persons in that income range had contributed the maximum TFSA amount by 2013. In contrast, for TFSA-eligible Canadians with incomes above $250,000, 31 per cent had maxed out.
Out of all the Canadians eligible at all income levels, just one in 15 had maxed out by the end of 2013. We don't yet have more recent data, but trends leave little doubt TFSA maximization rates will be even lower in 2015. Consider this: Anyone newly starting a TFSA in 2015 would need to contribute $36,500—or $41,000 after the limit hike—in order to max out.
The old $5,500 contribution limit was more than adequate. That's obvious from the total amount of unused TFSA contribution room—an estimated $592 billion in 2013. And that empty TFSA contribution space is growing more than twice as fast as unused RRSP contribution room (which has allowed carry-forward of unused room since 1991). Based on those figures, unused TFSA room is projected to overtake unused RRSP room by 2017.
Digging deeper into the patterns of TFSA participation and maximization over time and by age and income, I found evidence that asset-shifting and income-splitting are the primary source of contributions. What that tells me is that a mechanism meant to encourage additional saving has evolved into a vehicle used heavily to minimize taxes and boost benefits from public pensions. While the definitive study remains to be done, I doubt that TFSAs are having much impact on net saving.
Contrary to the government's claims, a close reading of the statistical evidence shows beyond any real doubt that TFSAs have been of disproportionate benefit to those at higher incomes. The nearly doubled contribution limit will only amplify that benefit for those holding enough taxable assets to shift more wealth into their TFSA, and the distorted advantage this confers on higher earners and wealth holders will become more extreme over time.
Yet media and financial columnists have too often echoed the government's unsupported message, with headlines such as “Everyone Can Benefit from TFSAs.” One columnist opined, “Right across the income spectrum significant percentages of Canadians appear poised to benefit from the increase in contribution limits.” Perhaps as a result of this favourable coverage, opinion polls find fairly broad public support for the increased TFSA limits.
The federal government along with the general public would be well advised to heed George Bernard Shaw's counsel: “It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics.” In the case of TFSAs, the stats can be twisted, but, looked at closely, they don't lie.
Rhys Kesselman is Canada Research Chair in Public Finance with the School of Public Policy, Simon Fraser University. His 2001 joint research laid the foundation for introduction of the TFSA in 2009. The Broadbent Institute has published his study evaluating who will benefit from the 2015 increase of TFSA contribution limits.
AP Photo Democrats fume at fellow Democrat over same-sex benefits vote Rep. Corrine Brown switches her vote on a measure to provide benefits to same-sex spouses of service members.
Democrats on the House Veterans Affairs Committee are fuming after the panel's ranking member declined to support their effort to extend federal benefits to the spouses of same-sex veterans on Thursday.
Rep. Corrine Brown, the top Democrat on the committee, didn't tell her colleagues she planned to vote "present" on an amendment authored by Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.) — even though Brown voted in support of extending benefits to same-sex spouses of service members and veterans just last year.
Story Continued Below
The vote comes as Brown is facing a redistricting struggle in Florida. Titus called the "present" vote a “slap in the face” to veterans and other Democratic lawmakers on the panel.
“I never question someone's motives for how they vote, but what upset us is, one, she changed her vote and second, she didn't let us know and she is our leader,” Titus said. “We're talking about a number of options….We're going to do something. We want to hear her explanation and we want her to hear why we are upset. It was really disappointing.”
In a statement, Brown said she felt the amendment would hold up the larger piece of legislation to which it was attached.
“I felt that the Titus amendment, if passed, would jeopardize the underlying ... legislation, which would permanently provide for a cost of living increase for our veterans, without making Congress pass a new COLA each year,” Brown said. “I have supported Rep. Titus' legislation in the past," she added, "but voted 'present' today to preserve the agreement in the base bill before the committee.”
But Democrats are not letting the issue die in the committee room.
Titus said the lawmakers are requesting a meeting with Brown so the Florida Democrat can explain her decision. It is uncommon for ranking members to vote against amendments or legislation authored by colleagues from their own party without giving warning, especially if they supported the effort in past votes.
Titus and other Democrats on the panel are also considering asking for a meeting with Democratic leaders about the vote and Brown's tenure as ranking member. And some members on the panel want to send a “Dear Colleague” letter to all of the House Democrats expressing their frustration.
The Florida Supreme Court threw out a large portion of the state's congressional map earlier this year, which puts Brown's Jacksonville-based district in jeopardy. If the map is redrawn as planned, Brown will lose a large population of African-American voters she's represented for years to a neighboring district.
Brown has already filed a lawsuit in the 3rd District Federal Court in North Florida to block the effort, saying it could jeopardize minority rights. Her district was created by federal mandate in the 1990s to expand representation for minorities.
Staffers for lawmakers on the committee suggested redistricting threat – and the fact that Brown would likely face a tough primary challenge – may explain the changed stance. When asked for a response, Brown's office pointed to her written statement.
Brown's district would also likely be expanded to include a larger population of conservative white voters, and already a popular figure in Florida politics, former State Sen. Al Lawson, a Democrat, has indicated he would challenge her for the seat. Lawson, like Brown, is African-American.
The amendment vote was extemely close on Thursday. Eight Democrats joined two Republicans — Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) and Rep. Ryan Costello (R-Pa.) — to vote “yes.” The other 12 Republicans on the panel voted “no.”
CORRECTION: Correction: An earlier version of this story misstated the outcome if Brown and another Democrat had voted 'yes' on the amendment. It would have tied, not passed.
Jason Garrett had the interim tag removed and will be the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys, a team source said Sunday.
The Cowboys interviewed receivers coach Ray Sherman to satisfy the NFL's "Rooney Rule," which requires teams to interview at least one minority candidate.
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones denied a move had been made, saying before Sunday's season finale against the Philadelphia Eagles that "nothing has changed from Monday regarding our coaching status at all."
But Jones may have tipped his hand after Sunday's 14-13 win against Philadelphia when he was asked if the new coach had input into hiring the rest of the staff.
"That is certainly something that Jason needs to have input in," Jones said. "By the way, Jason had input in many of the staff members we have right now."
Jones denied having interviewed any candidates and Sherman also denied he had been interviewed, though Jones said he plans to interview Sherman.
"I'm really interested in following the spirit of the NFL rules and that's what this is all about," Jones said. "I just want to move on so that we can have the coaching decisions out of the way and move on and do what we need to do."
Garrett is surely the frontrunner. He went 5-3 since replacing Wade Phillips at midseason. Jones said he was very pleased with Garrett's performance over the second half of the season.
Jones says he won't require an interview with Garrett.
"I know him real well," he said.
He did predict "significant turnover" for a team that saw its Super Bowl hopes to vanish after a 1-4 start. Jones refused to say the Cowboys would have turned the season around faster had he fired Phillips earlier in the season.
The Cowboys' three losses under Garrett have been by a total of seven points.
"We're not as good as I thought we were when we started," Jones said.
Garrett, a former NFL quarterback, joined the Cowboys in 2007 as offensive coordinator. He long was considered the coach-in-waiting in Dallas.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Snooki was paid more to address students at Rutgers University in March 2011 than Nobel Prize-winning author Toni Morrison was offered to give the May 2011 commencement address. MTV
Perhaps no test in a high-school student's career is as vexing as the SAT. When a question on reality television appeared on the 2011 exam, some students cried. The question read, "How authentic can these shows be when producers design challenges for the participants and then editors alter filmed scenes?" [source: Steinberg].
"This is one of those moments when I wish I actually watched TV," one test-taker wrote on the Web site College Confidential. Another bemoaned: "I don't watch TV at all so it was hard for me. I have no interest in reality TV shows..." One student looked at the question and wrote an essay about Jacob Riis, the 19th-century reformer. "I kinda want to cry right now," the student lamented [source: Steinberg].
Those who create the SATs defended the question. The essay, they said, was designed to gauge the students' writing skills. But some experts think there may be something more going on here.
Reality television has slithered into our culture. Whether it's our fascination with the "Bachelor" or "Mob Wives," reality TV dominates our lexicon, our water-cooler gossip and even the way we dress. Consider that more than a few heads turned when "Jersey Shore" star, Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi, received more cash to address students at Rutgers University in March 2011 than Nobel Prize-winning author Toni Morrison did to give the commencement address in May. Snooki's advice to students: "Study hard, but party harder" [source: Oldenburg].
Reality TV is essentially television programming in which there are no writers, actors or scripts. Instead, the shows focus on "real" events or situations. Some reality programming comes in the form of competitions shows, such as "Survivor" or "The Amazing Race." Others, such as "Teen Mom" and "Hoarders" focus on specific lifestyles.
TV based on reality has been around in some form or another since the 1940s. But the first reality show was broadcast in 1973, when PBS aired a 12-part documentary called "An American Family." The show chronicled the daily lives of the Loud family, who lived in Santa Barbara, Calif. The series showcased marital tensions that eventually led to divorce, as well as the Louds' eldest son's gay lifestyle [source: PBS].
Many critics slam today's realty television for its lack of class. And there are some good points to that argument. Go to the next page to see how realty TV is influencing our lives -- whether we watch or not.
WELCOME
Harmonic Herbs is pleased to offer our Norseed brand of seeds. What started long ago as a hobby turned into our main focus, and a microSeedery was born. We produce and procure seed on a very small scale and share the best vegetables and exotic botanicals that we love to grow. And we select hard for regional adaptability to short season (Zone 3) conditions, such as we enjoy in Central Alberta. Our full line up is available here online (see Product selection on left menu), with a flat $5 shipping fee. Our most popular choices are also found in retail stores across Alberta during seed season (February to June - see Ordering page for locations).
Seed is a vital resource - it should be shared and celebrated, not patented and monopolized. All our seeds are open pollinated, non GMO, untreated, and seed saver friendly. We encourage seed saving - it's the foundation of food security. And it is a satisfying endeavour - just don't forget to wear your dust mask!
There is a recent development in the evolution of seed sharing: the Open Source Seed Initiative (OSSI). Inspired by Open Source Software, the goal is to secure unrestricted public access to seeds, a human tradition that is now under threat from extreme capitalism. Really, should anyone be allowed to patent the trait of redness in lettuce - ?!? I mean, come on.... See below for the OSSI Pledge, and check out their website at: http://osseeds.org/
2018 was a challenging year for us in terms of seed production, with the forest fire smoke in the air messing with the spectral frequencies of light needed for plant maturation, and some early snow in September. Hopefully not the new normal, but – on the upside – unexpected conditions do have a way of enhancing the selection process. We don't know what Nature has in store for us this year, but we firmly believe that open pollinated regionally adapted seed will always yield the best results possible under any circumstances.
Cheers to great gardens in 2019, and may your weeds be medicinal!
Gord
Safe Seed Pledge
"Agriculture and seeds provide the basis upon which our lives depend. We must protect this foundation as a safe and genetically stable source for future generations. For the benefit of all farmers, gardeners and consumers who want an alternative, we pledge that we do not knowingly buy or sell genetically engineered seeds or plants.
The mechanical transfer of genetic material outside of natural reproductive methods and between genera, families or kingdoms poses great biological risks, as well as economic, political and cultural threats. We feel that genetically engineered varieties have been insufficiently tested prior to public release.
More research and testing is necessary to further assess the potential risks of genetically engineered seeds. Further, we wish to support agricultural progress that leads to healthier soils, genetically diverse agricultural ecosystems and ultimately healthy people and communities."
OSSI Pledge: "You have the freedom to use these OSSI-Pledged seeds in any way you choose. In return, you pledge not to restrict others' use of these seeds or their derivatives by patents or other means, and to include this pledge with any transfer of these seeds or their derivatives."
Mission Statement
The mission of the Brady organization and its many local chapters is to create a safer America by ending America's gun violence epidemic.
Brady's Unique Approach
As the oldest and boldest organization in the gun violence prevention movement, Brady knows what must be done to end gun violence, and it requires a laser focus on three key truths.
Gun ownership demands responsibility. Laws in existence must be upheld by those empowered to do that job. Gun violence is a uniquely American problem. Only when Americans unite and work together will it be solved.
Brady's multi-pronged approach of education, litigation, and legislation will ensure that every community is safe, not only from mass shootings, but from the daily urban gun violence that plagues so many American cities. It's time we unite people from coast to coast, liberal and conservative, young and old, fed up and fired up, to work with us and end the gun violence epidemic.
Learn about Brady's Three-Point Plan to reduce gun deaths in America.
Follow Brady on Social Media
For more insight on gun violence prevention, follow us on Facebook, Twitter @BradyBuzz, Instagram, and LinkedIn.
If you could pick just one meal to eat for the rest of your life, what would it be? Nico Hulkenberg: Sushi. If you could pick just one pizza topping what would it be? NH: Tonno e cipolla - for the English-speaking folks, that's tuna and onions.
Rubens Barrichello... Hulkenberg's top teammate
If you could pick just one holiday destination… NH: Mallorca.
If you could pick just one track to race on… NH: Spa.
If you could pick just one road car to drive… NH: Porsche 918 Spider.
If you could pick just one race car to drive… NH: Some fun and cool GT car - maybe a GT1 car.
If you could pick just one game to play… NH: Tennis.
If you could pick just one colour to wear… NH: Black.
If you could pick just one song to listen to… NH: Some German pop songs - does anybody know Ein Bett im Kornfeld (A bed in a cornfield)?
My Le Mans win last year... Hulkenberg's most cherished racing memory
If you could pick just one thing to drink… NH: A margarita, beer, or water, depending on the situation - but a margarita first! (laughs).
If you could pick just one book to read… NH: I don't read much.
If you could pick just one city to live in… NH: Monte Carlo.
If you could pick just one movie to watch… NH: A comedy for sure - something that makes me laugh until I cry.
If you could pick just one person to live with… NH: Can't I just be on my own? Me, myself and I?
If you could pick just one teammate… NH: Rubens Barrichello.
If you could pick just one fruit to eat… NH: Mango.
Lady Gaga... Hulkenberg's singer of choice
If you could pick just one vegetable to eat… NH: Mushrooms.
If you could pick just one mode of transport to use… NH: A plane - a proper private jet!
If you could pick just one gadget to own… NH: Can I say an unlimited credit card? That would be the best gadget to play with! (laughs)
If you could pick just one F1 corner to drive… NH: Tabac and Swimming Pool in Monaco - I cannot pick only one!
If you could pick just one age to be… NH: 29 - I think my age right now is perfect. I would say ‘freeze'!
If you could pick just one F1 era to race in… NH: The 1980s.
If you could pick just one band or singer to listen to… NH: Lady Gaga.
Tabac and Swimming Pool in Monaco - I cannot pick only one! Hulkenberg's favourite F1 corners
Cane toads are one of the Australia's most serious invasive species, killing predators such as goannas, quolls and crocodiles in the tropical north. We already know the toads are advancing from Queensland to the Kimberley. New research shows the toads may evolve to spread faster in new environments. But this may be good news for animals who have to move because of climate change.
So, how do we get from toads to climate?
Hopping to it
Most ecological theory starts with the assumption that a population of animals is stable in space: individuals and their offspring live in the same general area year after year. But, the reality is much messier: many populations are not stable. For example, invasive species expand their range as they spread.
As part of a long-term study by my University of Sydney-based “Team Bufo”, Greg Brown radio-tracked invasive cane toads as they first arrived at an area near Darwin, and continued to track newly-arriving toads over the next several years. Tom Lindstrom's mathematical analysis of those radio-tracking results revealed a dramatic shift, published today in the journal PNAS.
The first toads that arrived near Darwin were incredibly mobile, often moving more than one kilometre within a single night – but within a couple of years that rate had more than halved. The super-speediness seen at the invasion front is probably driven by evolutionary forces that come into play only at an expanding range edge, and are not seen in stable populations. Earlier studies on the toad front had revealed these mechanisms, and the current work shows just how spectacular the acceleration can be.
That rapid decrease in mobility after the invasion front passes through means that studies on “normal” cane toads – that is, on animals from long-established populations – would underestimate the potential rate of movement. If we want to predict how quickly a species can expand its range, we need to look right at the expanding range edge.
Unfortunately, that's logistically difficult, so most of our data on animal dispersal rates come from long-established, stable populations. As a result, we may be underestimating potential rates of population spread.
Adapting to a changing world
The problem doesn't just relate to invasive species. Many species shift their ranges for other reasons. Climate change is rendering many areas unsuitable for the animals and plants that currently live there (for example, by becoming too hot or too dry). But at the same time it is creating those conditions somewhere nearby (in an area that previously may have been too cold or too wet).
If a species caught in this situation is to survive, individuals either must rapidly adapt to the new conditions, or move to the area that offers suitable conditions. The fast pace of climate change makes both of these options very tough to achieve, but not impossible.
Even in a species where individuals generally do not move about very much or very far, the process of expanding their range into a newly-suitable area will create an evolutionary pressure for faster and faster dispersal. The end result may be that many species will manage to shift their distributions more quickly than we would have guessed from the movement rates we can measure in existing stable populations. And perhaps that provides a glimmer of hope.
Collection opensource
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man reveals a game that, according to John Perkins, is "as old as Empire" but has taken on new and terrifying dimensions in an era of globalization. And Perkins should know. For many years he worked for an international consulting firm where his main job was to convince LDCs (less developed countries) around the world to accept multibillion-dollar loans for infrastructure projects and to see to it that most of this money ended up at Halliburton, Bechtel, Brown and Root, and other United States engineering and construction companies. This book, which many people warned Perkins not to write, is a blistering attack on a little-known phenomenon that has had dire consequences on both the victimized countries and the U.S.
Identifier ConfessionsOfAnEconomicHitman_257 Identifier-ark ark:/13960/t6h145s7q Ocr ABBYY FineReader 8.0 Ppi 300
The Ducati team set itself a very ambitious goal when it went about re-imagining its least popular model, the Multistrada adventure bike. The aim was to make the 2010 Multistrada a much more flexible bike than anything before it, offering proper sportsbike performance, true long-range touring abilities, easy commuting and a genuine ability to get offroad and play in the dirt. Starting with the monstrous v-twin from the 1198 superbike, the design team has pulled together and integrated a huge range of cutting-edge technologies to get there. In fact, with its traction control, variable engine maps and electronically adjustable Ohlins suspension, there's a good argument to say that it'll be the most technologically advanced motorcycle in production next year. Oh, and it'll be much, much lighter and much, much more powerful than anything else in the adventure bike world. Forget everything you know about Multistradas, this bike is going to be an absolute animal.
PHILADELPHIA - DECEMBER 7: A man enters a closed Taco Bell restaurant at Franklin Mills Mall December 7, 2006 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Taco Bell restaurants in the Philadelphia area have closed voluntarily for testing, after five people who contracted an E. coli illness, dined at a Taco Bell restaurant before falling ill. (Photo by William Thomas Cain/Getty Images) File photo of a Taco Bell. (credit: William Thomas Cain/Getty Images)
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (CBS Atlanta/AP) — Montgomery police have arrested two 19-year-old Taco Bell employees in the slaying of the restaurant's night manager.
Police say Renauldous Chisolm and Kenneth Temple of Montgomery were arrested Monday and are charged with capital murder in the killing of 43-year-old Vettia Roche.
Police say the woman was killed during an armed robbery while she was leaving the restaurant. Roche's body was found behind the restaurant Monday morning. Local media outlets reported that court documents said Roche was beaten with a tire iron and shot multiple times.
Tommy Johnson, owner of JOT Copy Center, told the Montgomery Advertiser that he saw Roche's body lying in the drive-thru lane.
Kathy Taylor, an elder at Women at New Life House of Prayer Ministries, was shocked at the brutality of the murder.
“In the almost two years that I've been here, we haven't had any problems in this area,” Taylor told the Advertiser.
Chisolm and Temple are being held without bond in the Montgomery County Jail. It's unclear if the men have attorneys.
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Britain faces an energy crisis next month as vital gas reserves run dry, top energy analysts warn. The unprecedented emergency, which exposes a gaping hole in the country's energy security, is expected to lead to sharp price increases.
Centrica, which owns British Gas, told The Independent on Sunday late last week that, on present trends, its main reserve would be totally depleted in a little over three weeks. And though extra gas can be imported from Norway and the Netherlands to make up any shortfall, serious breakdowns have hit pipelines from both countries in the past week.
The crisis reveals an extraordinary failure to plan for the future as supplies of gas from the North Sea have run down, turning Britain into an importer of the fuel. Though now dependent on overseas supplies, it keeps only about a quarter as much gas in reserves as France, Germany and Italy, making it uniquely vulnerable to shortages and price hikes.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Three-quarters of the country's reserves are stored by Centrica in an old North Sea gas field, called Rough, some 9,000ft below the seabed off the East Yorkshire coast. Surplus fuel is injected into the reservoir in the summer when demand is low, and withdrawn between October and late March.
This year – thanks largely to the cold weather – its gas has been pumped at record rates. It is now 24 per cent lower than at this time last year, and 49 per cent less than the year before.
Centrica said: "Rough is being drawn down at a very fast rate. As of now, it would just last 22 days." Everything depends on the weather and – though depletion has slowed with milder conditions – the Met Office expects the cold back by the beginning of March.
The crisis is compounded by failures in vital pipelines. A compressor on the one from the Netherlands broke down a week ago and is expected to be out of action for a long time. Though the pipeline can still operate with two remaining ones, there is now no safety margin against further failure.
Late last week an electrical failure shut down a pipeline from Norway to Scotland. Extra gas has been sent down another one that comes ashore in Yorkshire, but again Britain is precariously vulnerable to further interruption.
Craig Lowery, of the EIC energy consultancy, said: "We could see the price of gas rise quite sharply." Consultants McKinnon and Clarke, who advise businesses on energy costs, said: "If the contribution from Rough is exhausted before the winter is out then, at best, things will be very tight and subject to price volatility."
The National Grid said: "We are not really seeing anything to cause us concern".
But David Hunter of McKinnon and Clarke retorts: "It is the coldest winter in the past 13 years and there is still a month and a half left of the traditional withdrawal period from reserves. There must be cause for concern."
This is one major scoop of investigative journalism, just right next to The Pentagon Papers.
Wikileaks has produced over 90'000 partly classified documents covering a six year stretch of the Afghan mission. The Guardian in the UK, Der Spiegel in Germany and The New York Times have each received the documents a while ago for review and released their findings today. As I am writing this I cannot reach the wikileaks webpage, which must be overwhelmed with traffic, I suspect, so I give you a gist of what the three news outlets are making of the documents.
Der Spiegel:
The documents offer a window into the war in the Hindu Kush — one which promises to change the way we think about the ongoing violence in Afghanistan. They will also be indispensible for anyone seeking to inform themselves about the war in the future. (read article)
The newspaper then highlights five issues, one of them the situation in the North where German forces are stationed:
The Germans thought that the northern provinces where their soldiers are stationed would be more peaceful compared to other provinces and that the situation would remain that way. They were wrong. (read more)
In an interview with the weekly Julian Assange, founder of Wikipedia, says:
Assange: These files are the most comprehensive description of a war to be published during the course of a war — in other words, at a time when they still have a chance of doing some good. They cover more than 90,000 different incidents, together with precise geographical locations. They cover the small and the large. A single body of information, they eclipse all that has been previously said about Afghanistan. They will change our perspective on not only the war in Afghanistan, but on all modern wars. (read full interview)
The Guardian obviously eyes the British side of the conflict:
Questionable shootings of civilians by UK troops also figure. The US compilers detail an unusual cluster of four British shootings in Kabul in the space of barely a month, in October/November 2007, culminating in the death of the son of an Afghan general. Of one shooting, they wrote: “Investigation controlled by the British. We are not able to get [sic] complete story.” (read all)
and more here
The US army's archives contain descriptions of at least 21 separate occasions in which British troops are said to have shot or bombed Afghan civilians, including women and children. The logs identify at least 26 people killed and another 20 wounded as a result. Some casualties were accidentally caused by air strikes, but many also are said to involve British troops firing on unarmed drivers or motorcyclists who come “too close” to convoys or patrols. Their injuries result from what are described as “warning shots” or “disabling shots” fired into the engine block, as required by the military's “escalation of force” regulations.
They explain how they came by the data:
The Afghanistan war logs series of reports on the war in Afghanistan published by the Guardian is based on the US military's internal logs of the conflict between January 2004 and December 2009. The material, largely classified by the US as secret, was obtained by the whistleblower website Wikileaks, which has published the full archive. The Guardian, along with the New York Times and the German weekly Der Spiegel, was given access to the logs before publication to verify their authenticity and assess their significance. (read all and watch video)
The New York Times explains to its readers:
Deciding whether to publish secret information is always difficult, and after weighing the risks and public interest, we sometimes chose not to publish. But there are times when the information is of significant public interest, and this is one of those times. The documents illuminate the extraordinary difficulty of what the United States and its allies have undertaken in a way that other accounts have not. (read more)
The role of Pakistan in the Afghan war is of special interest to the NYT:
Some of the reports describe Pakistani intelligence working alongside Al Qaeda to plan attacks. Experts cautioned that although Pakistan's militant groups and Al Qaeda work together, directly linking the Pakistani spy agency, the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence, or ISI, with Al Qaeda is difficult.
[…]
Such accusations are usually met with angry denials, particularly by the Pakistani military, which insists that the ISI severed its remaining ties to the groups years ago. An ISI spokesman in Islamabad said Sunday that the agency would have no comment until it saw the documents. Pakistan's ambassador to the United States, Husain Haqqani, said, “The documents circulated by WikiLeaks do not reflect the current on-ground realities.”
[…]
On June 19, 2006, ISI operatives allegedly met with the Taliban leaders in Quetta, the city in southern Pakistan where American and other Western officials have long believed top Taliban leaders have been given refuge by the Pakistani authorities. At the meeting, according to the report, they pressed the Taliban to mount attacks on Maruf, a district of Kandahar that lies along the Pakistani border. (read more)
There is heaps more in all three newspapers and this story is going to be hot for weeks to come, due to the vast expanse of the information made available. This may well be the final nail into the coffin of the Afghanistan war. There already is growing opposition against the mission and seeing the stark truth will further convince people, that the fight is not worth it. The documents cover the time from January 2004 to December 2009 after Iraq has been attacked on March 20th 2003 and the focus shifted away from the Afghan mission. The leaked documents don't say anything about the time between October 2001 and 2004. I do hold on to the belief, however, that the Afghanistan mission wasn't doomed from the beginning. But absolutely after the decision was made to attack Iraq. And again, as it is with most conflicts, the people of Afghanistan have suffered before the war, during the war and will continue to suffer after the international troops have long left.
: : : : : : : : : :
The excitement around the Pressy Kickstarter campaign, which shows a tiny device and app that occupied a headphone port to add an extra hardware button to your phone, is reaching a fever pitch. Like so many ambitious Kickstarter projects before them, the creators have missed their original March ship date, but it looks like they're closing in on the finish line.
According to the latest update sent to backers, production has begun at Pressy's Chinese hardware partner, and the first of 40,000 Pressy buttons will be shipped starting on April 28th. Delivery is expected sometime in mid-May. But that's only the first of two big items of news that came with this update. The Pressy team has also redesigned the holster that comes with some higher backer levels, for when you need to use the headphone port for, uh, headphones. Now in addition to a simple loop for a keychain, the new silicone holster has a slotted groove on one side, which will allow it to grip your headphone cord for easy access. This should come in handy for those who don't habitually carry keys.
Old holster design on the left, new on the right.
The decision to redesign a crucial add-on component this late in the production cycle seems a little odd, but it's hard to argue with the added functionality. Hard, but not impossible: some backers are predictably upset at the new design and a few have asked for partial refunds. The creators at Nimrod Black are considering other options at the moment.
Finally, the Pressy creators touched on Xiaomi's blatant copy of the button design, the "M Key," shown off earlier this month. (Incidentally, the controversial new Pressy holster looks quite a lot like the one included with Xiaomi's copy.) In addition to the usual patent protection talk, Nimrod Black says they'll be using some kind of protective method that only allows the Pressy app, which interprets multiple presses and holds into Android actions, to work with authentic Pressy hardware.
We knew from the beginning that we will have copycats, luckily we have a patent and intend to squash them soon. Additionally, in order to use the Pressy app you will need an original Pressy button.
Xiaomi's infamous Pressy clone, currently being sold in China.
There you have it: with any luck, at least some Pressy backers should have their useful add-on buttons in less than a month. There are multiple Pressy backers on the Android Police editorial staff, so we're just as excited as you are.
Elsewhere in Slate, Christopher Hitchens writes about the shameful response to Mumtaz Qadri's assassination of Salman Taseer.
Pakistanis mourn Salman Taseer
RAWALPINDI, Pakistan—In the busy commercial market of Rawalpindi, Islamabad's twin city, the narrow alleyways of cloth dyers, jewelers, and shoe peddlers are crammed with shoppers. At a roadside food stall, men sitting at small, rickety tables warm themselves with steaming cups of chai.
Amid the swirling chaos on a frigid Sunday afternoon, everyone at the makeshift tent unanimously agrees: Mumtaz Qadri, the 26-year-old security officer who killed Punjab's governor, Salman Taseer, is a hero.
“It was the perfect action,” says Malik Khan as he flashes me a thumbs up, “any Muslim would do the same thing.” The bundled-up patrons clustered around us nod in agreement. And they aren't the only ones; I've been hearing the same refrain all afternoon as I traversed the bustling market.
It is aresponse that hasshocked the country's liberal elite. A member of Taseer's own security team has repeatedly confessed to killing him, yet Qadri has been rewarded with a national outpouring of approval—including garland-throwing and public praise, with fawning YouTube videos and Facebook fan pages appearing within hours of the murder.
The response has been so overwhelming that authorities furtively moved up Qadri's hearing to Monday to pre-empt more gatherings of adoring crowds. (It was originally scheduled for Tuesday.) This weekend in Karachi, 50,000 people came out in support of the blasphemy law Qadri was supposedly defending when he shot Taseer more than 20 times in the back.
Taseer's assassination has illuminated the stark divide between liberals and religious extremists in Pakistan, and it has demonstrated who is winning. The response from politicians and the general public has shown the power religious extremists wield over the public discourse in this devout Muslim country of approximately 170 million. Almost everyone I speak to here agrees that extremism and polarization are on the rise.
Taseer, the appointed governor of Pakistan's largest and richest province, made headlines prior to his Jan. 4 assassination when he took up the case of Asia Bibi, a Christian woman sitting on death row after being convicted of blasphemy. He called a law that sentences anyone who insults Islam to death a “black law.”
The result was that the outspoken liberal politician and personal friend of Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was shot outside an upscale market in Islamabad. In the days since his murder, a dwindling group of supporters has held a daily vigil a mere 10 feet away from the green tarp that covers the spot where he last stood. “Where are moderate Muslims? Right here,” reads a handwritten placard,tellingly written in English rather than Urdu, the country's national language.
Pakistan's small liberal elite has gathered to light candles in memory of their hero. “Among people who are sort of progressive and liberal in this country, this really hit home,” Reehana Reza told me. Her face is etched with worry as she discusses the ramifications of Taseer's murder. “People feel discussion space is disappearing,” she said. “He's a politician—if he can't say it, who can?” she says, referring to any criticism of the blasphemy law.
Reza thinks the blame partially belongs to people like her, those lucky enough to be born into elite circles in a country where about 40 percent of the population lives below the global poverty line and the sharp divide between rich and poor is one of the main issues bedeviling the country. “The alternate side can at least provide God,” she muses about the religious establishment. “They provide God, and we provide nothing.”
At first, politicians were hesitant to condemn the attacks, but when I met Marvi Memon, a national assembly member from the opposition party PML-Q in her office across from the parliament, the diminutive firecracker had just put forward a motion signed by 21 members condemning Taseer's murder—something that had yet to be done a week after the assassination. Think how different this is from the outpouring of condemnation from both sides of the political aisle in the United States following the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords.
The problem according to many here, including Memon, is not Pakistan's piety, but the power of the minority of religious extremists—and their control over politicians.
“I see extremist elements taking control of the thought process of common Pakistanis, and that is what's dangerous. Politicians have also been told by religious elements to take the same position as them. So they are being coerced and threatened,” she says about the blasphemy law. And, Memon admits,the threats are working.
“Anyone who is not a religious cleric is extremely worried about taking positions on religion and gets cornered very easily by the religious clerics. That needs to be stopped now, before it's too late,” she told me, gesturing passionately during our interview.
But that time may have already passed. In an indication of the sensitivity of the debate here, Memon's solution to the ongoing crisis over the misuse of the blasphemy law is to propose an entirely separate law to regulate how the blasphemy law can be used.
In a sign of how deeply rooted the submission to the religious establishment is, Memon doesn't want to dictate what the new law will say. “We want the religious clerics to get back to us on this, because we want them to take ownership on this,” she says when I ask why her co-signers won't draft the new law themselves.
Following the murder, 500 Pakistani religious scholars issued a statement saying that anyone who expressed grief over Taseer's death could suffer the same fate.
For their part, Pakistan's religious parties have also been reticent to assign complete blame to Qadri. In his reception area, Khurshid Ahmad, the vice president of Jamaat-e-Islami, does not “condone” Taseer's murder, but he is ready to acknowledge that the governor might have had it coming.
“It is an action taken in provocation” he says. “The governor has violated the law of the country and had provoked the feelings of the people and went beyond his legal authority,” he told me.
According to Ahmad, Taseer broke the blasphemy law by questioning it and subverted the legal system by championing Bibi's cause. “To take the law into one's own hands is wrong both for the governor and for the policeman or for anyone else,” drawing equivalence between the assassin's and the victim's actions.
The murder, he said, could have been avoided if Taseer had been relieved of his post for his efforts to defend Bibi.
But human rights activists in Pakistan have no patience for the supposed outrage over Taseer's criticism of the blasphemy law. Marvi Sirmed, a blogger and activist, is vitriolic in her condemnation of Pakistani society after the murder. “It's not only one person, it's a whole mind-set, a mind-set that puts garlands around his neck, the mind-set that offers him flowers, the mind-set that makes him a hero,”she tells me.
Sirmed's voice drops as she talks about the governor and her country's fate. She repeatedly apologizes for lapsing into profanities. Ultimately, she surmises, whichever figure Pakistanis choose to coalescence around will speak volumes about the country's growing divide. “It's very important for us to know: Who is our hero? Salman Taseer—who stood for the rights of human beings—or the person who madly killed him?”
But in Rawalpindi's market, where open gutters and cracked pavements seem like an entirely different country compared with the plush offices of Islamabad's politicians and elite, the decision seems to have already been made.
“Nowadays, he's perfectly heroic,” says Imran Shiekh, the owner of a small jewelry store tucked away in the market's depths. “Qadri did the right thing, and he did it well. Ninety-nine percent of Pakistanis would agree.”
And for Pakistan's liberals, therein lies the problem.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow Slate and the Slate Foreign Desk on Twitter.
In early August 2016 I went to Hachijo Jima, an island about 300 km South of Tokyo to look for bio-luminescent fungi. During the day I was hoping to find some Cordyceps. There were not too many fungi fruiting any more. We were told mushrooms are more abundant in June and early July, in the early phase of the summer monsoon. Every time we went looking for mushrooms I found one or two specimens of Ophiocordyceps yakushimensis right in the beginning and then no more Cordyceps for the rest of the day. However, the specimens we found were very interesting for several reasons I'll show below.
Ophiocordyceps yakushimensis is a cicadae parasitizing cordyceps. Note both specimens have secondary white fruitings.
While the fresher specimen on the left has initial growth of an anamorph out of the head of the cicada nymph,
the older specimen on the right has some other kind of white fruiting fungus on the broken off, decaying stroma (more details on the enlargements below).
Out of the top of the head of the cicada nymph grows the teleomorph, the white anamorph structures seem to grow out of several places around the head and thorax.
Note the cavity, in which I found the parasitized nymph.
Mature fruiting bodies of Ophiocordyceps yakushimensis with an anamorph on the base.
The cicada nymph host and the parasitizing Ophiocordyceps yakushimensis-teleomorph/anamorph fungus complex presented on a leaf.
The anamorph of Ophicordyceps yakushimensis growing out of the base of the teleomorph of O. yakushimensis.
If I understand Shigeo Ootake correctly, in other locations in Japan, where this Cordyceps is found, the anamorph does not develop as nicely as in Hachijo Jima .
If you like to see ascospores, conidia etc. of O. yakushimensis check the very interesting blog entry of out Shigeo Ootake-San.
An over-mature stroma of Ophiocordyceps yakushimensis with a white fruiting that looks like a secondary parasite to me.
Close up of the rotting and heavily parasitized stroma (If you should have an idea what I found, please let me know).
This is how I found the two cordyceps. On the left clearly a mature stroma, but I was not clear what this growth represented on the right. However, once dug out it was clear it was the broken-off stroma of another Cordyceps (see 1st image). The white tissue looks like the parasitic structures shown above, but the yellow cap like structure is confusing, the more when taking into account there is also yellow tissue on the broken off stroma. (As stated above, if you should have an idea what is going on, please let me know)
Probably an Isaria tenuipes (= I. japonica), which would be the anamorph of Cordyceps takaomontana. Interestingly, it was suspended in the air.
Forest dominated by Lithocarpus sieboldii, a member of the beech family (Fagaceae), which also includes oaks (Quercus spp.)
Another awesome find in Japan, I love it!:
An Illustrated Guide to Ecology of Japanese Cordyceps
303 pages (95% color page), 25.6 x 19.3cm (10.2 x 7.7 in)
Published by the Japanese Cordyceps Society, 2014 (in Japanese)
Mycena chlorophos, a bioluminescent mushroom. I went to the island to find these gorgeous mushrooms.
The photo is taken in the dark with a tiny bit of light from a flashlight, which produced the purplish hue. The bio-luminescent light emitted is greenish.
Sorry there are no bio-luminescent Cordyceps fungi!
Much more on the subject and many more images can be seen on my Mushroaming blog.
Acknowledgements: Special thanks to my friend Ikuko Okuyama who helped me make my dream come true.
jQuery 3.1.0 Released – No More Silent Errors
Posted on by
Not so long ago, we released jQuery 3.0. One of the major features of jQuery 3.0 was a small rewrite of jQuery Deferreds. Specifically, we made them compatible with the Promises/A+ spec. That basically meant that errors had to be silenced and passed as rejection values to rejection handlers (added using deferred.catch() ). This had the advantage of preventing Promise handlers from getting blocked up by runtime errors, but the disadvantage of errors being silenced if no rejection handlers were added. While this was the right move for Deferreds, we had also changed jQuery.ready and jQuery.fn.ready to use the new spec-compliant Deferreds under the covers.
Unfortunately, if you were using the usual ways to attach ready handlers (e.g. jQuery(function() {}) and jQuery(document).ready(function() {}) ), you had no way to add a rejection handler. Plus, it wasn't obvious that you were in Deferred land. Any runtime exceptions were getting swallowed and lost in space. I think they ended up somewhere near Pluto, which isn't even a planet anymore! There were workarounds, but this wasn't acceptable to us.
We immediately set out to fix this, and thus jQuery 3.1.0 was born. No longer will errors be silent! You will see them logged to the console by default. If you'd like to have more control on how these errors are handled, we also added an entry point: jQuery.readyException . In most cases, you won't need to use it, but any errors that are thrown within a ready handler will get passed to this function should you need it.
jQuery.readyException = function(error) { // "error" is thrown from any ready handler };
The default jQuery.readyException will re-throw the error asynchronously, to avoid stopping execution and log the error to the console. We hope this solves any debugging issues you may have experienced when using jQuery 3.0.
We do not expect this release to have any breaking changes, but if you do encounter bugs in upgrading from the previous version, please let us know.
If you'd like help upgrading from jQuery 1.x or 2.x to jQuery 3.0, please check out the 3.0 Upgrade Guide and the jQuery Migrate 1.4.1 blog post.
3.1.0 – GitHub changelog
Download
You can include these files directly from the jQuery CDN if you like, or copy them to your own local server.
https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.0.js
https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.0.min.js
Slim build
Sometimes you don't need ajax, or you prefer to use one of the many standalone libraries that focus on ajax requests. And often it is simpler to use a combination of CSS and class manipulation for all your web animations. Along with the regular version of jQuery that includes the ajax and effects modules, we've released a “slim” version that excludes these modules. All in all, it excludes ajax, effects, and currently deprecated code. The size of jQuery is very rarely a load performance concern these days, but the slim build is about 6k gzipped bytes smaller than the regular version – 23.6k vs 30k. These files are also available in the npm package and on the CDN:
https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.0.slim.js
https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.0.slim.min.js
These updates are already available as the current versions on npm and Bower. Information on all the ways to get jQuery is available at https://jquery.com/download/. Public CDNs receive their copies today, please give them a few days to post the files. If you're anxious to get a quick start, use the files on our CDN until they have a chance to update.
Many thanks to all of you who participated in this release by testing, reporting bugs, or submitting patches, including Oleg Gaidarenko, Michał Gołębiowski, and the whole jQuery team.
The final piece of the MotoGP puzzle has finally dropped. Eugene Laverty has decided that he will be switching back to WorldSBK, where he will ride a factory-backed Aprilia RSV4-RF with the Milwaukee Racing SMR squad.
The departure of Laverty means that Yonny Hernandez will get to keep his place in the Pull & Bear Aspar Ducati team, filling the final empty slot on the MotoGP grid.
It may seem strange for Laverty to abandon MotoGP, just as his star has been rising in the class. Since Aspar switched from Honda's RC213V-RS Open Class machine to the Ducati Desmosedici GP14.2, the older Ducati working very well with the Michelin tires, more rear grip helping to reduce the understeer the GP14.2 suffers from.
He is currently eleventh in the championship, and has a fourth and a sixth as best finishes, Laverty being annoyed that early traffic cost him the chance of a podium at Brno. It took the factory Ducatis on their brand new GP16s six races to get ahead of the Irishman in the championship standings.
So why has Laverty decided to abandon MotoGP in favor of WorldSBK? There are a number of reasons, but all of them boil down to a single issue: Eugene Laverty is a winner, and he likes to win.
On two-year-old machinery, in a private team (though with good factory support, unlike other satellite set ups), Laverty's only chance to win in MotoGP would come when the weather acts as the great neutralizer.
GP15 vs. GP16
Speaking to Neil Morrison of Crash.net, Eugene Laverty made it clear that the fact that he would be on a Ducati Desmosedici GP15, rather than a GP16, was what tipped the scales for him.
Though the difference between the two bikes is relatively small, the changes to the GP16 have helped reduce tire wear and make the bike better over race distance.
In terms of a single lap, there is little to choose between the GP15 and the GP16. But by the end of race distance, after 25 laps or so, the difference can be measured in seconds, rather than tenths of a second.
Ducati will expect to make a similar step between the GP16 and the GP17. That would effectively double Laverty's disadvantage to the factory bikes, putting the gap over race distance between the bike he would be on, and the bike Jorge Lorenzo will be on, in the range of tens of seconds rather than seconds.
In WorldSBK, Laverty will be aboard a factory-backed Aprilia. Though final confirmation is yet to arrive – paddock gossip suggests that the official announcement that Shaun Muir's SMR Milwaukee outfit is to run the factory Aprilia team has been kicked down the road two or three times already this month – it is as good as certain that the SMR Milwaukee team will run the factory Aprilia effort.
Though the Aprilia RSV4-RF has not had many updates in recent years, general consensus in the WorldSBK paddock is that the Aprilia is highly competitive, as long as the team running the bikes has support and assistance from the factory.
“The Aprilia is the best package on the grid,” one WorldSBK rider told me off the record at Misano. “But you have to have factory support.” Without factory support, getting the best out of the bike, especially through its sophisticated electronics package, is almost impossible.
Beating the Best on Their Own Terms?
So the choice for Laverty is between winning in WorldSBK and fighting for top tens in MotoGP. There is no doubt that MotoGP is currently the better series, though this has not always been so in the past.
The current top four riders are already dominating the record books, and have earned a special place in history. There are signs that some of the other riders in the class are on their way to join Valentino Rossi, Jorge Lorenzo, Marc Márquez, and Dani Pedrosa in the MotoGP pantheon.
That is not to underrate the current field in WorldSBK, however. The cream of the World Superbike riders could hold their own in MotoGP, if given the right machinery. Laverty's achievements on a two-year-old Ducati prove what the best WorldSBK men are capable of.
But Jonathan Rea, Chaz Davies, Tom Sykes are all too old to be considered for rides in the factory MotoGP teams, and even the strongly-supported teams such as Pramac Ducati are looking more to young riders in the support classes rather than riders such as Chaz Davies.
But MotoGP is the big show. Crowds are triple what WorldSBK brings in, and TV audiences are similarly much larger. Given the extra prestige of MotoGP, and the extra exposure for sponsors, the choice should be simple? Surely, given the choice, a rider should choose MotoGP every time?
Not necessarily. Given the freedom which the engineers have in MotoGP, and the budgets the factories have to spend, the machine makes up a bigger part of the overall performance equation than it does in World Superbikes.
With more power, better tires, more engineering freedom in the technical regulations, and a bike designed solely for the race track, with no compromises for road use, MotoGP is more of a playground for engineers than WorldSBK is.
Building Down to a Price Point
The limits of a World Superbike machine are determined much more closely by the technical rules, by the fact that the bikes also have to function well at street-legal speeds on terrible surfaces on public roads, and by the fact that the bikes are designed to be built down to a cost.
The differences are most visible in the engine: the engines of WorldSBK bikes use the cases and much of the internals of the road bike. Cases are vastly overengineered to last for many years and hundreds of thousands of kilometers.
The engine cases of most MotoGP bikes are machined from a single block of aluminum, keeping just the very minimum material necessary. A set of MotoGP engine cases might be expected to last 10,000km, and not 200,000km.
With riders having more of a chance to find the difference in themselves, WorldSBK gives them a better chance of winning, or getting on the podium. That, above all, is why a racer would choose WorldSBK over MotoGP. For personal reasons, for psychological reasons, and even for financial reasons.
Racers = Psychos
The psychological reasons are perhaps the most interesting. Racers love to win. It is their very reason for existing. They make a competition out of everything, and are determined to win that competition.
Woe is you if you overtake a professional racer on the motorway. They will go out of their way – even if it means missing their exit and adding half an hour or more to their journey – to get back in front of you, despite the fact that you were probably not even thinking of your commute as a competition. So perhaps, woe is the motorcycle racer.
Every MotoGP racer turns up at the start of each weekend firmly believing they can actually win this thing, though it would require things to go their way to a greater or lesser extend, depending on the bike.
They know rationally that they are more likely to get tenth than first, but the unique combination of hubris and Panglossian optimism which lives inside every racer means they will still give it their best shot.
But in their darker moments, the knowledge that tenth is the best they can realistically hope for starts to wear on them, sucking the motivation and the positivity out of them.
So sometimes it is better to switch to a different championship, and get back to winning ways. On Sunday, the only people who count are the rivals on the track, and beating them is an obsession.
In a series where the rider can make more of the difference, the attraction, the availability of the drug of winning, is a difficult temptation to resist.
Money Makes the World Go Round
Switching from MotoGP to World Superbikes can make a lot of financial sense as well. Though I am not privy to the precise details of either Eugene Laverty's deal with Aspar, nor with the Irishman's new contract with Aprilia, it is clear that the Aprilia deal will be more lucrative.
Riders are offering themselves for nothing – or even offering to bring money – to MotoGP teams with empty seats. The limited supply and unlimited demand mean that rider salaries are skewed. The teams also have more budget for riders, as they don't have to spend €2 million plus on machinery.
For half that, they can field two bikes. That means the WorldSBK teams have a lot more money to spend on riders, and still have budget to spare.
A switch to World Superbikes can be lucrative from the view of personal sponsors as well. Leathers manufacturers, helmet manufacturers and more all have personal deals with riders which include bonuses for podiums and wins.
Those podium photos are valuable marketing for a leather suit manufacturer, and they are more than willing to reward their riders for results. Those same sponsors are less likely to be shelling out bonuses for tenth places in MotoGP, no matter how hard fought they were.
More money, more competitive equipment, and the chance to fulfill a deep-seated psychological need? I see exactly why Eugene Laverty decided to abandon the MotoGP paddock for WorldSBK. Winners like to win.
And winning makes solid financial sense. Laverty is easily one of the very best MotoGP satellite riders in the world at the moment. But the chances of that appreciated, acknowledged and rewarded are very slim indeed. Laverty did the right thing, no matter what it looks like.
Photo: © 2015 Tony Goldsmith / www.tonygoldsmith.net – All Rights Reserved
This article was originally published on MotoMatters, and is republished here on Asphalt & Rubber with permission by the author.
A new Obama administration report found the health-care law forced health insurers to refund 6.8 million consumers more than $330 million in 2013, for an average of $80 per family. The report also estimates that the health-care law led to $9 billion in premium savings since 2011 in part by getting insurers to cut back on administrative costs and profits.
The savings and refunds come through what's known as the medical loss ratio (MLR), which measures how much premium revenue goes to medical care or programs that improve health-care quality instead of, for example, administrative costs or profits.
The health-care law's 80/20 rule requires insurers keep their MLR at 80 percent or more, depending on the size of the plan. If an insurer falls below the required MLR, the difference must be repaid to consumers. The idea is to discourage excessive profits or administrative costs in health plans that could push up premiums for consumers.
But the 80/20 rule's impact is actually pretty small
Americans pay about $900 billion in premiums to private insurers each year, so the $330 million in refunds only accounts for nearly 0.04 percent of all premiums. The $9 billion in savings since 2011, meanwhile, account for about 0.1 percent of all premiums over the three-year period.
Most insurers already met the 80/20 rule prior to its implementation. A recent Government Accountability Office report found 76 percent of insurers hit or exceeded the standards in 2011, the year before the rule kicked in. That number rose slightly, to 79 percent, in 2012.
Insurers told the GAO that Obamacare's MLR requirements had little influence on their pricing decisions. Only three of eight insurers interviewed by the agency said MLR requirements were an issue in pricing decisions; even for those insurers, MLR was only one of several factors.
MLR isn't the only way Obamacare tries to save insurers money. For a deeper dive into Obamacare's cost-saving programs, read Vox's full explainer. For an additional idea to cut health-care costs that's not included in Obamacare, watch the video below:
Story highlights Ukraine has been rattled by anti-government protests since November
The trigger than was the President's decision not to sign a trade pact with the EU
Ukraine is split: Some want to align more with the West, others favor Russia
The opposition has also pushed to shift power away from the President
For three months, they've staked their claim to Kiev's Maidan, or Independence Square, and to Ukraine itself. We will leave only when you pull closer to the European Union, when you change the constitution, when you alter the government's power structure, they have loudly insisted.
But why?
Why have thousands of protesters staked their lives, seemingly, on their desire for political change? And why has the government resisted their calls so vehemently?
Let's take a look:
1. What prompted the protests?
At the heart of the protests is a trade pact. For a year, President Viktor Yanukovych insisted he was intent on signing a historical political and trade agreement with the European Union. But on November 21, he decided to suspend talks with the EU.
2. What would the pact have done?
The deal, the EU's "Eastern Partnership," would have created closer political ties and generated economic growth. It would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion, supporters of the pact said.
3. Why did Yanukovych backpedal?
He had his reasons. Chief among them was Russia's opposition to it. Russia threatened its much smaller neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if Ukraine forged ahead. If Ukraine didn't, and instead joined a Moscow-led Customs Union, it would get deep discounts on natural gas, Russia said.
4. Were there any other reasons?
Yes, a more personal one. Yanukovych also was facing a key EU demand that he was unwilling to meet: Free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, his bitter political opponent. Two years ago, she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison, in a case widely seen as politically motivated. Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment.
5. What happened next?
Many Ukrainians were outraged. They took to the streets, demanding that Yanukovych sign the EU deal. Their numbers swelled. The demonstrations drew parallels to Ukraine's 2004 Orange Revolution, which booted Yanukovych, then a prime minister, from office.
6. Who's heading the opposition?
It's not just one figure, but a coalition. The best known figure is Vitali Klitschko. He's a former world champion boxer (just like his brother Wladimir). Klitschko heads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party. But the oppositon bloc goes well beyond Klitschko and the UDAR. There's also Arseniy Yatsenyuk. (More on him later.)
7. How did Yanukovych react?
In a way that inflamed passions further. He flew to Moscow, where he and Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Russia would buy $15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas. And then, when the demonstrations showed no signs of dying down, he adopted a sweepting anti-protest law.
8. What did the anti-protest law say?
The law barred people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies and from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission. This sparked concerns it could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech -- and clashes soon escalated. The demonstrators took over City Hall for the better part of three months.
9. But wasn't the law repealed?
Yes, ultimately it was. Amid intense pressure, deputies loyal to Yanukovych backtracked and overturned it. But by then, the protests had become about something much bigger: constitutional reform.
10. What change in the constitution did they want to see?
The protesters want to see a change in the government's overall power structure. They feel that too much power rests with Yanukovych and not enough with parliament.
11. What did the government do?
In late January, the President offered a package of concessions under which Yatsenyuk, the opposition leader, would have become the prime minister and, under the President's offer, been able to dismiss the government. He also offered Klitschko the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues. He also agreed to a working group looking at changes to the constitution. But the opposition refused.
12. Why did the opposition pass on the offer?
The concessions weren't enough to satisfy them. They said Yanukovych had hardly loosened his grip on the government, nor had he seemingly reined in authorities' approach to protesters. "We're finishing what we started," Yatsenyuk said.
13. But over the weekend, it seemed things were getting better, weren't they?
Yes. On Sunday, protesters vacated Kiev's City Hall, unblocked a major street and left other government buildings in exchange for the government dropping charges against those arrested. But any breakthrough was a distant memory by Tuesday.
14. Why? What happened Tuesday?
The opposition wanted to introduce amendments in parliament that would have limited the President's powers and restored the constitution to what it was in 2004. But the speaker of parliament refused to allow it. Bloody clashes followed.
15. Who was to blame for the clashes?
Depends on whom you ask. The government pointed the finger at protesters. The opposition, in turn, blamed the government. Regardless, it was the bloodiest day of protests up to that point; 28 people died.
16. Wasn't there a truce called?
Yes, the government and opposition agreed on a truce late Wednesday. But it barely took hold -- and blood was flowing again Thursday.
17. What caused the fresh clashes?
Gunfire erupted Thursday at Maidan, or Independence Square, which has been ground zero for anti-government protesters. At least 20 people died. It's unclear what prompted the gunfire. Again, finger-pointing followed: The government said protesters broke the truce; the protesters said the government did.
18. So, what happens next?
Top international diplomats have been trying to resolve the crisis. There's also been talk of sanctions.
19. Will sanctions help?
Analysts warn there's little that outside pressure could do, especially if the Ukrainian military gets involved on the side of the government.
20. What's the takeaway here?
Street protests that started in November over a trade pact have swelled into something much bigger -- a demand that the President loosen his grip on power and the constitution be changed. As a result, the eastern European country is in the midst of a wave of anti-government protests, the likes of which it hasn't seen in 10 years.
There's something else: Ukraine, the biggest frontier nation separating Russia and the European Union, is something of a pawn between Russia and the West. The EU and the U.S. think Russia wields a lot of influence. Russia denies it.
One open-ended question is how much worse it will all get.
"My own hunch," said Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, "is this is going to continue to escalate."
At a campaign stop in Tampa today, Mitt Romney stepped in it a little bit:
Mitt Romney sat at the head of the table at a coffee shop here on Thursday, listening to a group of unemployed Floridians explain the challenges of looking for work. When they finished, he weighed in with a predicament of his own."
"I should tell my story," Mr. Romney said. "I'm also unemployed."
Having a guy worth between $190 million and $250 million (according to campaign disclosures) joke about his unemployment status with people who lack not only jobs but also Romney's means, seems rather cruel. But I'm certain Romney mean nothing by it, and I doubt he even realized what he'd done.
To spend time with Romney on the campaign trail (which I did earlier this week) is to be struck by and the growing disparity between the formal candidate--the guy who debates and gives speeches, and who has noticeably improved in this regard since the last time he ran for president--and the informal one, whose awkwardness is a thing to behold. Dana Milbank, who also followed Romney in New Hampshire, wrote a devastating (and accurate) column on this latter Romney on Tuesday:
In formal settings -- news conferences, or Monday night's debate -- Romney is confident and competent. But in casual moments, such as Tuesday morning's retail politics in New Hampshire, his weirdness comes through -- equal parts "Leave It to Beaver" corniness and social awkwardness. He greets a man perusing shelves of a hardware store: "Shopping here today?" He notes the lack of "guy waitresses" at a diner and says of the long skirts worn by the middle-aged wait staff: "Oh, this is the Hooters equivalent." He talks about the weak economy with the proprietors of a feed shop, then abruptly pivots: "Okay, so what do you do about mosquito control? . . . This has been a mosquito-infested year with all the moisture. They flew away with my dog."
The broader media is starting to pick up on this, and it looks as though Romney's weirdness is becoming something of a running narrative, even while the "formal" Romney draws praise from the likes of me for his improvement. I can't fathom what Romney could do to fix this problem: it's intrinsic. Watching these awkward exchanges is excruciating, but it also gives you a sense of how badly Romney must want to be president. Painful as it is, he doesn't flinch, and keeps marching along to the next voter. You do wonder, though, if this could rise to the level of a political problem for him. Former Sen. Bob Graham, the Florida Democrat, pretty much had presidential hopes extinguished after word began to spread of some of his weirder habits, like logging every mundane thing in his daily life in a little notebook that he carried around with him. This line in the Times piece about Romney signals that just such a narrative is taking hold:
The references to Mr. Romney's own unemployment status added yet another humorous, but occasionally awkward, moment to his ever-growing catalog of off-the-cuff remarks that he makes as he seeks the Republican presidential nomination.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Man made the trains to carry heavy loads. Man made electric light to take us out of the dark. – James Brown
Masculinity is a multifaceted and often confusing topic. If men do it does it make it masculine? It's like a Cheshire cat. It's tricky because it covers such a wide diaspora of qualities, which in turn cover the spectrum of good and evil. A pedantic minefield. Thus it is difficult to define it in a palatable fashion. Screw fashion. A deliberate turn of phrase on the topic to be sure…
A recent study by the ad agency M&C Saatchi (Australia), have found that men have become conditioned to believe they are wrong, to such an extent that they have “gender issue laryngitis.” (See first sentence). It is, so-not-worth-it to say anything – guys just tend to shut up, smile and nod. The Saatchi white paper professed that men are not emasculated, then they acknowledged that men “have to ask permission for all and any man time or activities.” Further, “Men have to use covert trade-offs to get man time permission from women.” So, clearly men have their masculine identity, they just have to get permission first. Flip the script on that one.
Our perceptions of masculinity (because we're English-speaking), come from the English-speaking world, and the English-speaking world is at war, and pretty much has been for centuries. And the traditions of the English-speaking world, although at the bottom of a long and precipitous decline,were about occidentalization, manifest destiny, and in a word – conquering. One has to take into consideration the spirit of the age in such situations. People like Golda Meir, the first Iron Lady who lead Israel in the Arab-Israeli war, and the other Iron Lady who led the British to war over the Falkland Island colony in 1982, were under the same ‘ether of the age' when they went to war. Just a caveat here, if this were written in Mandarin the perspective would be Chinese. The tack I'm sailing on, and the link I'm obviously making is between war, and men as the warrior-conqueror, a trait traditionally and uniquely reserved for men. In spite of the two masculine ladies mentioned above, and the occasional Joan of Arc type, in the main it was, and is still, the preserve of men…there are exceptions to rules. For feminist philosophy to brand patriarchy as violent misses the point of connection to the zeitgeist. To say that patriarchy is responsible for the zeitgeist leads me to, dare I write it, Social Darwinism…
There's a compelling belief that scarcity causes violence, and it does. Whether it is scarcity of oil, food, needs or intelligence, scarcity throws the switch in the ‘primitive' part of the human brain, among other animals. Whether it was scarcity or greed, or the belief in the God-given right to dominate and control other cultures, or again – ‘Social Darwinism' – just the ability to do so was permission enough for man to exercise control. Men seek to control as much as they can. Some call it progress, it's at the beneficent end of the aforementioned spectrum. America, Australia, Canada (among others), were occupied lands, and white men (and women), conquered them through technology, (navigation etc), force, intimidation, coercion and persuasion. At one point in history those were masculine things. Today, technology is changing the way aggression is perpetrated. In the once, almost exclusive preserve of men, it's become just as easy for a woman to kill in warfare, at the controls of a drone for instance, as it is for men.
Thus the realm of ‘acceptable masculine' is shrinking. Is war acceptable? There is, of course a great section of society, if not the democratic majority, that say it's not – yet it happens. It certainly reads as if I'm trying to justify violence, or put it on a pedestal, I'm not. I'm trying to point out that all nations and governments have what they do, based on violence. From Democracy to Aristocracy to Oligarchy, they are all rooted in violence. So what? I suppose the point is, that patriarchy isn't going away – ever. Indeed there is an argument to be made that it's not at all about patriarchy at all, but about capital – money. It's not men in charge, it is money in charge, and neither man nor woman is immune to its charms. That's what power is – money, and control of it. And there we have a dark door of greed. “He who controls the cash box controls the world,” so said a character from Charles Dickens – A Christmas Carol. So there is a fight to get control of the cash box, wrapped in a pretty pink ribbon of justice and equality…
Open control/manipulation, force is no longer fashionable, yet still readily used in society every day, but it's gone ‘underground'. Women don't want to be controlled, and in particular they don't want to be controlled by men. Men and women don't want to be controlled. Fair enough. There are so many questions and so few satisfying answers about masculinity. And there is a concerted effort to change the idea of what masculinity is. And that effort is focused on creating a society that wants neutrality – equality; neither hot nor cold – tepid, neutered…or so some may feel. There is a segment of society that thinks they can find a non-violent gender identity based in the philosophy of idealism. That's not going to happen.
It is not so well-known that women are as likely to initiate domestic violence as men are, yet it is true, aggression is not the exclusive preserve of men. Is beating up a woman a masculine trait? No not at all. It's at the dark end of the aforementioned spectrum. Rape is an internationally recognized and banned weapon of war. Is it a masculine trait? No, again, it's at the traumatic end of the spectrum, and one that is reprehensible. Is conquering, subjugation and control a masculine trait? I'll take the 5th on that.
How does war affect society? Here's a common thought, it is ideological hyperbole, in this case by an English woman – “Men in our patriarchal societies have a perennial sense of entitlement to women's bodies. They are brought up, even in the most peaceful of times, to identify manhood with a readiness to exercise authority over women and to wield force, against women and other men. In war-time they are further trained, and rewarded, for the practice of wounding, raping, killing. Often this experience traumatizes men as well as their victims. And it shapes their behaviour after war, for the disposition to violence is not readily put aside with demobilization.” I'd agree social engineering is a challenging task. Turning off programmed behaviour is not as easy as flipping a switch. Soldiers are often used a in throw-a-way fashion. Again it's about the power of money that prevents compassion, and if you think compassion is free, try paying for PTSD counselling with compassion.
The thinking expressed in the above quote by Cynthia Cockburn, the feminist honorary professor at City University London – irks me. It's irritating because I don't believe that half of an entire society actually believes that they are entitled to women's bodies. Although it may seem like that to some women, based on male oafish behaviour. It seems to be an exaggerated claim, and one that is difficult to take seriously. I could say that women in our feminized society feel they have the perennial right to control men's behavoiur, according to the Saatchi report, they in fact do. To be fair, Cockburn was writing in reference to the lack of reparations for the thousands of rape victims, both men and women, in the Bosnian war. The Yugoslavia breakup and ensuing massacre was not started by the English-speaking world, but the English-speaking world took the lead in putting ‘paid' to the conflict. And according to Cockburn, did so too soon, without tending to its lingering maleficent echo. Namely the failure to compensate the victims of rape, and provide sufficient counselling. And according to Cockburn, it is the patriarchal court system to blame. So would a matriarchal court system ignore the capital-zeitgeist and dish over millions of dollars to the victims? Not very likely.
Thanks to technology, the ‘masculinity factor' of war – is diminishing slightly. Ten years ago, Time Magazine put the American Soldier as the Person of the Year on its cover. Front and centre was a woman warrior, flanked by two men. And in spite of military casualties being more than 90% male, the architects of culture were promoting ‘equality.' Appeasement propaganda? Absolutely – 101. So the point of the words above and below is the suggestion that there is an encroachment on the territory of masculinity, how can it be masculine if it is shared with women – right? So, is there a scarcity of men's space? Yes. (See the Saatchi excerpts above). And men who feel threatened are arguing back, as is evidenced by the primal rumblings in the so-called manosphere.
There is still very little, if anything so far on the page that gives definitive answers as to what masculinity is. We know what it was, we know what it isn't. But what the hell is it now? Hopefully in the lines above there is a ‘gestalt' type of description – a general form of masculinity – which may act as segues to ideas of how we got to where we are, in the so-called momentary crisis of masculinity.
Below is a rough list of ideas which, at first glance seem logical, but are they? Staying with the metaphor of violence, don't waste your arrows on the messenger – in the best traditions of democracy – the loudest voices will tell…
Could Trump-touting financial experts be right that the president-elect's proposed tax cuts will ensure that “everyone's a winner”? Uh, no. Photo illustration by Lisa Larson-Walker. Photo by patpitchaya/Thinkstock.
The stock-market surge that CNBC and Fox Business News are calling the “Trump rally” has sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average up by more than 8 percent since Election Day. It might seem reasonable, then, for Americans to assume the incoming Trump administration will be just fine for their personal finances. Stocks didn't crash after Donald Trump's election, as so many predicted. Instead, the indexes jumped into record territory. And the Federal Reserve's December interest-rate hike didn't discourage would-be homeowners; mortgage applications actually increased in the week that followed. Consumer confidence is up. And Trump wants Americans to know it:
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 26, 2016
Could Trump-touting financial experts—like, ahem, possible Trump appointee Larry Kudlow—be right that the president-elect's proposed tax cuts will ensure that “everyone's a winner”?
Uh, no.
The wealthiest among us may do just fine thanks to stock-market gains and tax cuts. And, yes, the overall economy itself might continue to chug along, allowing Trump to take credit for economic improvements that occurred during Barack Obama's administration. But many of us could lose out, thanks to change the incoming administration plans to make to Obama-era policies and initiatives—changes whose primary beneficiaries will be Trump's wealthy peers, to the detriment of everyone else.
Social Security and Medicare
Remember Trump's promises to protect the safety net? “I'm going to save Social Security,” he said during one Republican debate. “It is my intention to leave Social Security as it is,” he said at another. “We will not cut Medicare or Social Security benefits,” he told CNN. Consider this one of those Trump stands we were supposed to take neither seriously nor literally. Since winning the election, Trump has surrounded himself with people dedicated to trimming both programs, never mind that they are lifelines for millions of Amerians. Rep. Tom Price, whom Trump nominated for secretary of health and human services, supports raising the retirement age. Trump's Social Security transition team is stocked with people who have advocated privatizing it.
Medicare is a bit more of a puzzle. Within a day of the election, House Speaker Paul Ryan, who champions a plan to turn Medicare into a voucher system, was talking reform. Price supports this plan. Mick Mulvaney, Trump's selection to head up the Office of Management and Budget, is as unhappy with Medicare as he is with Social Security. Trump's said nothing to date, but just days after the election, his transition website proclaimed he would “modernize Medicare.” Voucherizing Medicare definitely qualifies as a serious cut. Seniors would receive a set amount to apply toward the purchase of approved insurance plans. If they pick an option that costs more than their stipend, they pay the excess cost.
Congressional Republicans can't even wait until Trump takes office to get going. Texas Rep. Sam Johnson, the chair of the House subcommittee for Social Security, already introduced a plan that would reduce benefits for the majority of recipients, with Think Progress reporting that a worker with an average annual income of $60,000 would see a stipend cut of approximately one-third.
Remember: About half of American seniors would live in poverty without Social Security. A large minority of baby boomers and a full-on majority of Generation X do not even come close to having enough money set aside for their post-work lives. And Fidelity approximates that a couple retiring this year will need an estimated $260,000 to pay for its future health care expenses, and that's with the Medicare system we have now. If the Republicans get their way, seniors will pay more money for less coverage.
Wages
When I wrote about the Obama administration initiative to double the threshold for mandatory overtime pay for workers putting in more than 40 hours a week beginning Dec. 1, it looked like a major success. It was expected to boost the pay of an estimated 4 million workers by an estimated $12 billion over the next 10 years. As one Slate commenter wrote sarcastically, “Dammit … And just when we were making steady progress toward grinding the faces of the poor into the dust.”
Now it looks like a decent proportion of poor and middle-income people will remain left behind in the economic dirt. A Texas court halted the regulations just days before they were scheduled to go into effect. It seems quite possible the Trump administration will take the opportunity to postpone and revise the regulations or drop the appeal entirely. Trump advocated during the campaign for a “delay” or “carve-out” for small-business owners. Trump's pick for secretary of labor, Andy Puzder, is a vocal opponent of the new overtime regs. Writing in Forbes last spring, he claimed the salary boost, if it went though, would reduce “opportunities, bonuses, benefits, perks, and promotions,” adding, “Most salaried employees recognize that in exchange for the opportunity, prestige and financial benefits that come with a salaried position and a performance-based bonus, they're expected to have an increased sense of ownership and stay until the job gets done.” Maybe. But as millions of workers will continue to learn, you can't eat prestige.
Consumer Protections
Expect intrepid Republican members of Congress to introduce bills to abolish the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau within days of the start of the 115th Congress. They've been complaining, after all, about how the common-sense regulations the agency promotes to protect consumers are actually job-killing power grabs by an unaccountable bureaucracy. You can think of these bills as works of performance art designed to hide the less controversial way the Republicans plan to hobble the CFPB. We'll almost certainly see proposals to do away with a single agency director, replacing the position with a five-member commission whose members are approved by Congress. While that certainly sounds reasonable enough, it will at best dilute the agency's power to get things done, and at worst leave it subject to political meddling by Congress. You can also expect to see congressional efforts to stop the agency from stepping in and continuing with plans to crack down on payday-lending abuses and put a stop to mandatory arbitration clauses in financial contracts.
Obamacare
Even if you're not the sort to worry that if Republians succeed in repealing the Affordable Care Act, millions will lose their health insurance, you should at least recognize how the plan will impact your own budget. Perhaps you'd like to leave your day job to start a small business; the absence of Obamacare's heath care exchange might mean you cannot. After all, if Americans are no longer required to buy health insurance, chances are that many healthy people will opt to save money by going without. Which means people purchasing individual health insurance will be more likely to use it, and the cost will go up accordingly, pushing more people out of market. That, in turn, could set off the so-called “death spiral” as insurers pull out. All that chaos will almost certainly affect the market for employer insurance in some (not good!) way. As a report from the Center for American Progress notes, the repeal of the ACA would increase the tab hospitals accrue for treating uninsured individuals, quite possibly causing them to, in turn, push the bill onto private health insurers, “potentially increasing costs for the privately insured.”
Another thing that could leave your wallet at risk? As Lisa Schencker recently reported in the Chicago Tribune, prior to the Affordable Care Act, all health insurance policies, whether purchased on the individual market or through an employer, could contain lifetime limits on insurer spending, often of about $1 million.* That may sound more than adequate, but it's not if you're taking one of the increasing number of drugs that cost more than $100,000 annually.
All the Things That Won't Happen
Then there are the policies that won't have a snowball's chance in Palm Beach over the next several years. Remember Hillary Clinton's plan to make in-state college tuition-free for students coming from households with an annual income of up to $125,000? That almost certainly would have put pressure on private institutions to to keep their costs in line, too. As Democrats frantically fend off attempts to cut Social Security, it seems highly unlikely anyone will be able to push through an increase in benefits for widows and widowers, not to mention credits for unpaid caretaking. It seems unlikely the creator of Trump University will express much concern for the plight of students stuck with loans they took out to pay for the tuition at for-profit universities that promised more than they could deliver. The scheduled upgrade to the way Americans receive advice on how to manage what retirement savings they have seems likely to remain in place, but it's not guaranteed. Fights over the future of the Affordable Care Act will leave few with the bandwidth to deal with issues like surprise medical bills, something that happens to almost 25 percent of people who visit an emergency room. The National Labor Relations Board will likely take a more conservative stance on everything from graduate-student union drives to expanding the responsibility of national franchises to the workers technically employed by their franchisees.
So who wins? Easy. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that about half the tax cuts proposed in Trump's tax-reform plan would go to the top 1 percent of earners. A millionaire can expect to save more than $300,000 on average, according to Lily Batchelder, a visiting fellow at the Tax Policy Center.* That's a nice chunk of change. Pity it'll go to the people who need it the least.
*Correction, Dec. 28, 2016: Due to an editing error, this article originally misstated that before the Affordable Care Act, health insurance policies could contain lifetime limits on out-of-pocket spending of about $1 million. Those limits were on insurer spending. (Return.)
*Correction, Dec. 30, 2016: This article also originally misidentified Lily Batchelder as Lisa Batchelder. (Return.)
Labour leader is expected to use speech to accuse tax dodgers of being unpatriotic and promise an economic renaissance for UK
Jeremy Corbyn will use a speech on Saturday to accuse tax dodgers of being unpatriotic and pledge that a future Labour government would bring about an economic renaissance.
Speaking at a conference in London, the Labour leader is expected to promise a renewed crackdown on those who fail to pay their fair share of the cost of Britain's public finances.
“There is nothing more unpatriotic than not paying your taxes: it is an act of vandalism against those waiting for an operation, against the elderly suffering inadequate social care, against young people in oversized classes,” he will say.
“This is a message to the tax dodgers: a Labour government will come for you – no more turning a blind eye, no more shabby deals.”
He will call on the chancellor, Philip Hammond, to use the autumn statement later this month to increase public investment in order to offset the impact of Brexit on the economy, saying: “After six wasted years of Tory austerity and savage cuts, the autumn statement will be the test of whether they can back up their new rhetoric with meaningful change.”
Corbyn made a series of lavish spending pledges during his summer leadership campaign, including £500bn of investment over 10 years.
“A country that doesn't invest is a country that has given up, that has taken the path of managed decline. A Labour government will manage a renaissance in investment, in infrastructure and in industry,” he will say.
Corbyn will also use the speech to address Brexit, telling the audience that the government is trying to oppose democratic scrutiny because it has no plan.
Turning to the letter from the business secretary, Greg Clark, to Nissan to persuade the Japanese carmaker to keep investing in the UK, the Labour leader will say: “We can't have secret deals on Brexit, company by company. All our businesses need the kind of assurances that Nissan has had about the shape of the government's Brexit plans to make the right investment decisions.”
Corbyn used his appearance at prime minister's questions on Wednesday to press Theresa May over a series of planned cuts to benefits and urge her to watch the Ken Loach film I, Daniel Blake, to understand the lives of the “just managing” families she has said she wants to champion.
The government is facing a rebellion from Conservative backbenchers, including the former work and pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith, over £3bn of cuts to the universal credit budget, which are due to be implemented by the end of this parliament.
Image copyright Instagram Image caption Mr Ahluwalia pictured with his ticket showing the "SSSS" stamp denoting extra screening
A Sikh actor has claimed he was barred from boarding an Aeromexico plane because of his turban.
Indian-American Waris Ahluwalia, who is also a designer, said he was prevented from boarding after he refused to remove his turban in public.
The incident happened during additional security checks before a flight from Mexico City to New York.
Aeromexico said it had complied with security protocols and it regretted any "inconvenience".
He posted a picture of the ticket on his Instagram account. It carried an "SSSS" stamp, an acronym for Secondary Security Screening Selection, an airport measure that selects passengers for additional screening. The selection is said to be random.
Mr Ahluwalia, who has appeared in The Grand Budapest Hotel and starred in a campaign for American clothing brand GAP, said he was on his way to New York Fashion Week.
In an interview with the New York Daily News, Mr Ahluwalia said he had complied with the additional checks but refused to remove his turban when he was asked by airline personnel to do so.
"That is not something that I would do in public," he was quoted as saying. "That's akin to asking someone to take off their clothes."
Image copyright Instagram Image caption Many users have expressed solidarity and support on his Instagram account
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Ahluwalia appeared in The Grand Budapest Hotel
Mr Ahluwalia added that when he said he would not take his turban off without going to a private room, he was told that he would not be flying and would have to book another flight.
"I was shaking at first," he told the News. "That's not a nice thing to be told, that you are not allowed to fly on this plane because of something you are wearing, or because of your religious beliefs."
In a statement, Aeromexico said that he was asked to go through "screening and inspection before boarding, in strict compliance with TSA protocol" - a reference to the US Transportation Security Administration.
"We have offered the passenger alternatives to reach his destination as soon as possible", it said.
Use cases
Homogeneous Database Migrations
In homogeneous database migrations, the source and target database engines are the same or are compatible like Oracle to Amazon RDS for Oracle, MySQL to Amazon Aurora, MySQL to Amazon RDS for MySQL, or Microsoft SQL Server to Amazon RDS for SQL Server. Since the schema structure, data types, and database code are compatible between the source and target databases, this kind of migration is a one-step process. You create a migration task with connections to the source and target databases, then start the migration with the click of a button. AWS Database Migration Service takes care of the rest. The source database can be located in your own premises outside of AWS, running on an Amazon EC2 instance, or it can be an Amazon RDS database. The target can be a database in Amazon EC2 or Amazon RDS.
Verizon is a global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions. “Verizon is helping our customers build a better, more connected life. As part of this journey, we are undergoing a major transformation in our database management approach, moving away from expensive, legacy commercial database solutions to more efficient and cost-effective options. Testing of Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL showed better performance over standard PostgreSQL residing on Amazon EC2 instances, and the AWS Database Migration Service and Schema Conversion Tool were found effective at identifying areas for data-conversion that required special attention during migration.” - Shashidhar Sureban, Associate Director, Database Engineering, Verizon.
Heterogenous Database Migrations
In heterogeneous database migrations the source and target databases engines are different, like in the case of Oracle to Amazon Aurora, Oracle to PostgreSQL, or Microsoft SQL Server to MySQL migrations. In this case, the schema structure, data types, and database code of source and target databases can be quite different, requiring a schema and code transformation before the data migration starts. That makes heterogeneous migrations a two step process. First use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool to convert the source schema and code to match that of the target database, and then use the AWS Database Migration Service to migrate data from the source database to the target database. All the required data type conversions will automatically be done by the AWS Database Migration Service during the migration. The source database can be located in your own premises outside of AWS, running on an Amazon EC2 instance, or it can be an Amazon RDS database. The target can be a database in Amazon EC2 or Amazon RDS.
Trimble is a global leader in telematics solutions. They had a significant investment in on-premises hardware in North America and Europe running Oracle databases. Rather than refresh the hardware and renew the licenses, they opted to migrate the databases to AWS. They ran the AWS Schema Conversion Tool to analyze the effort, and then migrated their complete database to a managed PostgreSQL service on Amazon RDS. "Our projections are that we will pay about one quarter of what we were paying in our private infrastructure." -Todd Hofert, Director of Infrastructure Operations, Trimble.
Development and Test
AWS Database Migration Service can be used to migrate data both into and out of the cloud for development purposes. There are two common scenarios. The first is to deploy development, test or staging systems on AWS, to take advantage of the cloud's scalability and rapid provisioning. This way, developers and testers can use copies of real production data, and can copy updates back to the on-premises production system. The second scenario is when development systems are on-premises (often on personal laptops), and you migrate a current copy of an AWS Cloud production database to these on-premises systems either once or continuously. This avoids disruption to existing DevOps processes while ensuring the up-to-date representation of your production system.
Database Consolidation
You can use AWS Database Migration Service to consolidate multiple source databases into a single target database. This can be done for homogeneous and heterogeneous migrations, and you can use this feature with all supported database engines. The source databases can be located in your own premises outside of AWS, running on an Amazon EC2 instance, or it can be an Amazon RDS database. The sources databases can also be spread across different locations. For example, one of the source databases can be in your own premises outside of AWS, while the second one in Amazon EC2, and the third one is an Amazon RDS database. The target can be a database in Amazon EC2 or Amazon RDS.
Continuous Data Replication
You can use AWS Database Migration Service to perform continuous data replication. Continuous data replication has a multitude of use cases including Disaster Recovery instance synchronization, geographic database distribution and Dev/Test environment synchronization. You can use DMS for both homogeneous and heterogeneous data replications for all supported database engines. The source or destination databases can be located in your own premises outside of AWS, running on an Amazon EC2 instance, or it can be an Amazon RDS database. You can replicate data from a single database to one or more target databases or data from multiple source databases can be consolidated and replicated to one or more target databases.
BEIJING — The United States won a significant victory on Tuesday in its efforts to counter China's rising influence in the South China Sea, as the highest court in the Philippines cleared the way for American troops to return to the country.
The Philippine Supreme Court, in a 10-to-4 decision, approved an agreement that would allow the American military to station troops and weapons at bases in the Philippines, a former American territory, more than two decades after lawmakers in Manila voted to expel American troops in a show of anti-colonialism.
The decision seemed likely to heighten tensions between the United States and China, which is seeking to establish itself as a dominant power in the region by building military facilities on top of submerged reefs in the South China Sea, a major shipping route.
“The South China Sea will be more crowded, and the risk for a military conflict will continue to rise,” said Zhu Feng, the executive director of the China Center for Collaborative Studies of the South China Sea at Nanjing University.
We now have the first teaser trailer for David Keating's Cherry Tree, which celebrated its World Premiere at Montreal's Fantasia International Film Festival on July 25th.
Keating, who directed the 2010 Hammer Film Wake Wood, is behind this new horror pic starring Naomi Battrick, Patrick Gibson, Sam Hazeldine, and Leah McNamara.
“Faith's world is turned upside down after she finds out that her beloved father is dying. When the mysteriously alluring Sissy Young becomes her field hockey coach, Faith finds a compassionate spirit and much-needed mother figure. Little does she know that Sissy is the head of a centuries-old witches' coven that uses the fruit of an ancient cherry tree in a secret ritual that restores life to the dead and dying. Offering to cure her father in exchange for a child, Sissy strikes a bargain with Faith, who suddenly finds herself pregnant with a baby that's growing at an alarming rate. But with the clock to the child's birth ticking down and the true intention of Sissy's plans for humanity becoming more apparent, Faith and her father must stand together in order to save both their lives.“
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
We took advantage of the stone seats and proximity to the river. We submerged the beer in the icy water and got the taco ingredients ready. The first JMT hiker came by.
"Would you like some fresh carne asada tacos?"
"Why yes! Yes, I would." The man happily joined our party and was astonished when we offered him a choice of beer.
"Would you like a Hef, a Corona, or a Fat Tire variety?"
"No way! Are you serious?"
We showed him the cans and he was convinced. We ate tacos with him when another hiker came along. We asked him the same questions and his surprise was palpable.
I dare say we celebrated together. Of course our group had beer, as well.
We all ate as much as we could, offering beer and tacos to other passing hikers, but no one else wanted to join our merry band. I soaked my feet in the river, hoping to help with the pain.
We chatted about where we had been, the PD and I relaying our various adventures, while Jeff shared JMT stories, having hiked it twice. For a short time, we were all just hikers, all sharing our love for the Sierra. And beer. And tacos.
After he had eaten his fill, the first hiker bid us adieu and headed up the trail. We expected the second hiker, Brice, to say the same thing when he asked, "You guys are headed out over Bishop Pass tomorrow? Do you mind if I join you?"
We looked at each other. "We'd love the company." And then we were four. We let him know that we were aiming to climb part of the way up back to Bishop Pass this afternoon, to make tomorrow more reasonable and he was game. He even offered to carry some of the remaining beer, provided he could have some. We happily obliged.
While reviewing my pictures of the day, I realized that I didn't take a single picture of the actual lunch we had, or the people we had met. I was too busy enjoying the moment. As it should have been.
We made it back to camp, packing up our things and saying goodbye to such a great location. We headed back up the side of the canyon, gasping for breath in the heat of the early afternoon. The switchbacks leading upward were challenging. After a mile or two, we took a break on some logs. We saw a mother deer and a fawn slowly make their way through the trees. I was tired. Dead tired. But I was willing to continue to climb up to the edge of the Drop Off, to Dusy Basin, if it meant tomorrow wouldn't kill me.
Jeff called it. He was done for the day. This was a place on the map marked "Campsite" and he wanted to stay here. We all breathed a sigh of relief and made camp before we hit the 10,000' line, which meant we were able to have a campfire. We spread out, went to the Dusy Branch and soaked our feet.
We had dinner and enjoyed the company of deer and our new friend. As the moon rose through the trees, we talked the talk of outdoors people. We all had shared experiences, but of slightly different flavors. We talked about our loved ones back home and places we had been. We'd be home tomorrow and were excited for it, but we were content this night to share each other's company and experiences. We had some beer and dinner and probably stayed up later than we should have. But we had a great time.
June 14, 2016 - News Post
Today's comic was a tough one to write. I wasn't in a funny mood.
Most of my life was spent living in Orlando, FL, the sight of this weekend's mass shooting... The largest mass shooting in US history.
I try to make this page an escape. You guys don't come to this site to read my opinion on the world at large. But, like many of you, I was deeply upset by the truly horrific events over the weekend.
Footage of Sunday morning's shootout with the police took place behind a friend's house, the unrelated shooting on Friday that took the life of a talented singer from the Voice was only a few blocks from my old home.
At the time of this writing, details and names of the victims are still being released. The LGBT community has had a rough uphill climb, and I'm deeply saddened that it would be the target of such a cruel act of hatred. I am also touched by the outpouring of support in the Orlando community and the world at large.
Is this the appropriate place to bring all this up? I don't know. Is every other site on the internet doing the same? Probably. But I'm human, that's what's on my mind, so there you go.
-Jeff
J. Willard Marriott is a 20th century American entrepreneur who started in food service and eventually opened a hotel chain.
Synopsis John Willard Marriott was born on September 17, 1900, in Marriott Settlement, Utah. In 1927, he opened an A&W root beer shop in Washington, D.C. and then launched the Hot Shoppe eateries. Marriott eventually became head of the National Restaurant Association and opened the first of the Marriott hotels in 1959. The chain became one of America's largest companies and developed into an international business.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Early Life Restaurant and hotel entrepreneur John Willard Marriott was born on September 17, 1900, in Marriott, Utah. A devoted Mormon for his entire life, Marriott served as a missionary for two years in New England. After completing his service, Marriott attended the University of Utah where he met his future wife Alice Sheet. The two were married shortly after Marriott graduated in 1927. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Launch of Marriott Hotels Marriott's first foray into business was as an A&W Root Beer franchisee in the Washington, D.C., area. He opened his first A&W stand in 1927. Marriott soon transformed that business into the Hot Shoppe by adding hot food items. He then started a chain of Hot Shoppes, which was positioned as drive-in family eateries, along the East Coast. Marriott also expanded his business in a new direction in 1937 by providing food for commercial airlines. Continuing to explore new business directions, Marriott opened his first hotel in 1957—the Twin Bridges Marriott Motor Hotel located in Arlington, Virginia. While interested in the lodging market, he continued to expand his food operations in the late 1960s. Marriott acquired the Big Boy restaurant chain in 1967 and started the Roy Rogers fast-food outlets the next year. In 1982, Marriott bought Host International, making it the largest provider of food, beverages and merchandise at the nation's airports.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., were set to introduce the College for All Act on Capitol Hill Monday afternoon, in an effort to make higher education a realistic and affordable opportunity for the entirety of U.S. citizens, regardless of income or demographic. The legislation includes a joint-bill in the House which would be introduced Wednesday by Rep. Pramila Jayapal, D-Wash., and Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., according to a statement provided to International Business Times.
The progressive legislation is a far more aggressive approach at making college affordable compared to President Donald Trump's campaign plans surrounding student loan reform, which would force borrowers to pay more but exit the system sooner based on a 15-year forgiveness proposal. Trump has yet to propose his plan to Congress.
Read: What Will Bernie Sanders Do Next? Supporters Fighting Donald Trump By Taking Over Democratic Party
Sanders and Warren have each released numerous bills aimed at making the Trump administration more transparent and Democratic, demanding the president fully divest himself of his business interests, opening prescription drug markets to Canada to make U.S. prices more competitive for patients closing tax loopholes providing billions to big, multinational businesses.
Photo: Reuters
"Education should be a right, not a privilege," Sanders said along the campaign trail. "We need a revolution in the way that the United States funds higher education."
The Vermont senator, who lost his primary bid to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, has since found a new footing in the Democratic Party under Trump. Sanders is now the head of outreach for the party, the first independent to hold the position and a clear signal his liberal values have effectively infiltrated the party's voter base.
Meanwhile, the former presidential candidate has been working in recent months to turn red states blue by helping progressives run for office in Trump's America.
Sanders and Warren will introduce the College for All act Wednesday at 3 p.m. EDT. A live stream of the event will be available for online viewing via Sanders' Facebook page here.
Cleansing and disinfecting operations in the quarantine areas lasted from 24 March – 17 July and included the demolition of ‘slum' buildings. Local residents were employed to undertake the cleansing, disinfecting, burning and demolition of the infected areas, including their own homes. Shovels, brooms, mattocks, hoses, buckets, and watering cans, were tools used to clear, clean, lime wash and disinfect. Not only buildings and dwellings were subjected to the cleansing operations but also wharves and docks were cleared of silt and sewerage.
Cleansing agents used during the cleansing operations included: solid disinfectant (chloride of lime); liquid disinfectant (carbolic water: miscible carbolic, 3/4 pint water, 1 gallon); sulphuric acid water (sulphuric acid, 1/2 pint water, 1 gallon); carbolic lime white (miscible carbolic 1/2 pint to the gallon).
Rat catchers were employed and the rats burned in a special rat incinerator. Over 44,000 rats were officially killed in the cleansing operations.
Second man charged in fatal Portage Park shooting in May
A second man was charged with a fatal shooting inside a Portage Park neighborhood gas station over Memorial Day weekend on the Northwest Side.
Rasheed Mujkovic, 23, faces one count of first-degree murder, according to the Cook County state's attorney's office.
Mujkovic and his co-defendant, 24-year-old Florin Mulosmani, walked into a BP gas station in the 6300 block of West Montrose about 5:15 a.m. May 28, prosecutors said.
Damien Cionzynski, 23, was already inside the gas station with a friend making a purchase. Mulosmani got into an argument with Cionzynski's friend and began patting down Cionzynski's pants and demanding his belongings, prosecutors said.
Mulosmani then punched Cionzynski's friend, and Cionzynski pushed Mulosmani away, prosecutors said.
Mulosmani swung again, and Mujkovic pulled a pistol from his right pants pocket and shot Cionzynski once in the head, prosecutors said.
Cionzynski, of the 4400 block of North Nashville Avenue in Harwood Heights, was pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said.
Mujkovic and Mulosmani left the gas station, got into a silver Saturn and drove away, prosecutors said.
The shooting was captured on surveillance video.
Mujkovic was positively identified as the shooter by Cionzynski's friend and another witness, who was working behind the register at the gas station, prosecutors said.
Judge Peggy Chiampas ordered Mujkovic held without bond in court Wednesday. He was previously charged with reckless homicide and leaving the scene of an accident in 2013, and is currently on bond in that case.
Mulosmani was arrested in June and charged with first-degree murder, and is next scheduled to appear in court Oct. 12, according to the state's attorney's office.
Verizon has been the king of wireless, offering the biggest and fastest LTE network in the country for some time now, but things seem to be changing. The other three big providers, T-Mobile, AT&T, and Sprint, have been playing a never ending game of cat and mouse in terms of coverage and network performance, but it is T-Mobile that's been putting forward the most visible effort to increase their network's coverage. Today marks the beginning of their deployment of new 600MHz LTE technology.
Back in April, T-Mobile spent $8 billion at auction for the rights to use this new low-band spectrum and the first site to go live today is in Cheyenne, Wyoming. Mobile networks operate on many different frequency bands and just like with Wi-Fi, lower frequencies mean larger coverage areas. With this rollout and many more to come, they hope to "materially close" the coverage gap with Verizon by the end of the year.
Major network upgrades like this one typically take years to be implemented but it appears that T-Mobile will have it done in just a few months. There have been some challenges along the way though as the 600MHz band was previously used by some TV stations. T-Mobile has been paying out of pocket to help accelerate the process of moving them to different frequencies.
There aren't currently any devices that have radios to support 600MHz, but both Samsung and LG will have compatible phones in stores by the end of the year. Moving forward, T-Mobile has also designed this deployment to be forward compatible with 5G standards. T-Mobile is currently on par with Verizon and AT&T for download speed, but still lagging behind in terms of coverage. With this and other future upgrades, they hope to close this gap for good.
Influenced to a degree by William Shakespeare's King Lear, Akira Kurosawa's Ran combines the elements of the well-known story of the British author's king with a Japanese medieval epic to create a, first and foremost, beautiful, touching film of lasting value and invaluable depth. Even though Kurosawa experienced a lot of success and international and domestic recognition in the earlier part of his career, after 1965 he found it difficult to secure financial support necessary for the production of his films. He wrestled with the notion of being too old-fashioned, he was hurt by box office struggles of his works, going through a tough period both professionally and emotionally. But then he found a welcome helping hand in the French producer Serge Silberman, a man willing to gamble on Kurosawa's next project. And that's how the world of film was enriched by Ran. Enjoying the benefits of having the biggest budget in Japanese cinematography up to that point, Kurosawa created an epic depiction of an aging, ailing warlord determined to abdicate and divide his power onto his three sons. Many have noted the similarities evident between the protagonist and the filmmaker himself, choosing to believe Ran was just as much a story about Kurosawa and his struggles as it was about the warlord.
After all, despite the fact that they function in different areas of business and life, don't both a national leader and a filmmaker offer their vision to the people that follow them, presenting it in a way that inevitably seeks the audience' opinion, causes their reaction? Grappling with the themes of family, honor, pride and chaos, this nihilistic story enhanced by a delightfully unforgettable soundtrack by Toru Takemitsu, allegedly drawing inspiration from Gustav Mahler, is by all standards one of master Kurosawa's best films in his resume.
The costimography of Ran has been unanimously appreciated around the world: the 1.400 costumes handmade in Kyoto are incredibly rich with colors and details, and are more than often brilliantly juxtaposed against dry, desolate, colorless backgrounds, bringing together the dazzling visuals that make Kurosawa's story even more of a delight to experience.
The DVD/Blu-ray of the film is available at Amazon, the Criterion Collection (out-of-print) and other online retailers. Absolutely our highest recommendation. Also, here's the original press kit and other documents for your reading and learning pleasure.
Chris Marker's documentary A.K. (1985) is an epic—a portrait of Kurosawa during the making of his most ambitious and expensive picture. You see the Sensei director in front of JCBs, great earth-moving machines… You see massive sets, hundreds of extras, the Plains of Gotenba…
In 2005, the Criterion Collection went interviewing director Sidney Lumet about Akira Kurosawa's Ran (1985)—as the film was getting released on video at that time. In these 12-min long interview, the American director shares some insightful comments, whether it's on the film—pointing out subtle details, giving us the perfect opportunity to re-watch it—or, on Akira Kurosawa himself—Lumet did meet the Japanese filmmaker, saying he's “the Beethoven of movie directors.” Among other things, Lumet talks about the visual style of Kurosawa, how he didn't use close-ups on Ran, how the movie looks like a painting, how he directed actors to get something surrealist, over-the-top. Lumet also notices the western sounds of the score, explaining the “western orientation of Kurosawa's work,” only to conclude on the main (and dark) themes of the film. —Wildgrounds
A massive collection of B-roll behind-the-scenes footage of Akira Kurosawa directing Ran on location.
Japanese posters for Akira Kurosawa's Ran, courtesy of kurosawa-akira.
A 35-minute video piece reconstructing Ran through Kurosawa's paintings and sketches, created as part of the series Image: Kurosawa's Continuity.
A Message from Akira Kurosawa: For Beautiful Movies (2000)—a 90-minute documentary that includes ten thematically separated interviews with Akira Kurosawa, filmed towards the end of his life. The director discusses his filmmaking and his quest for making the perfect, or “beautiful,” movie.
KUROSAWA ON FILMMAKING
Chapter 1—The seed of a film
Chapter 2—Screenplays
Chapter 3—Storyboards
Chapter 4—Filming
Chapter 5—Lighting
Chapter 6—Production design
Chapter 7—Costumes
Chapter 8—Editing
Chapter 9—Music
Chapter 10—Directing
Photo credit: Daizaburo Harada & Yoshio Sato © Greenwich Film Productions, Herald Ace, Nippon Herald Films, Toho Company. Intended for editorial use only. All material for educational and noncommercial purposes only.
If you find Cinephilia & Beyond useful and inspiring, please consider making a small donation. Your generosity preserves film knowledge for future generations:
Get Cinephilia & Beyond in your inbox by signing in
Email
Although senior wide receiver Michael Bennett's Georgia career was already over at the conclusion of the Belk Bowl, the Bulldogs' leader in receptions announced some unfortunate news on Thursday afternoon.
Bennett tweeted out a photo of him on crutches at the Belk Bowl and announced he had torn his ACL again.
Another torn ACL and another chance to respond to adversity. God is in control. A photo posted by Michael Bennett (@mbennett_82) on Jan 1, 2015 at 10:57am PST
The torn ACL he suffered on Tuesday was the Alpharetta, Ga., native's second torn ACL in his collegiate career. In 2012, Bennett tore his ACL during a practice in early October.
He had a history of knee problems throughout his time at Georgia. Near the end of the 2013 season, Bennett also tore his meniscus that caused him to miss the team's final two games.
Here's to a full and speedy recovery for Michael Bennett.
The Estonian government decided at a Cabinet meeting on Thursday night to suspend the certificates of Estonian ID cards vulnerable to a detected security risk on Friday night at midnight.
The government explained its decision at an emergency press conference called on Thursday night.
"I apologize before all of our citizens and people who have not been able to update their ID card certificates online yet due to the heavy load on the system," Prime Minister Jüri Ratas (Center) said at the press conference. "And I thank those who have patiently waited in Police and Border Guard Board (PPA) service points and understood that this is an exceptional situation."
Ratas explained that the Czech researchers who had initially discovered the security risk published their research in full this week, which increased the risk of the vulnerable ID cards being exploited to a critical level.
"Today's Cabinet meeting lasted over five hours," said the prime minister. "As a result of this debate, we decided to support the PPA's application to suspend the certificates of at-risk ID cards beginning Friday night at midnight. There are nearly 760,000 at-risk ID cards. This was the only conceivable decision in order to protect people's data. This will mean inconveniences, but this decision was not made lightly. But we must protect our people, businesses and e-state."
In an interview with ETV news broadcast "Aktuaalne kaamera," Ratas affirmed that the saga of Estonia's e-state will continue and become even stronger. Asked when the issue will be resolved, Ratas responded that he hoped that a definitive solution will be found by March 31, 2018. At the same time, he was convinced that they can be sure by Saturday already that not a single case of identity theft has occurred.
According to the prime minister, this is the largest potential security risk that Estonia has yet faced in connection to its national ID cards.
Related malware already available
Information System Authority (RIA) Director General Taimar Peterkop likewise confirmed that the threat assessment had changed after the research published by the Czech researchers on Monday revealed that the security flaw affecting Estonian ID cards is easier to exploit than previously believed.
"According to our information, there is also malware available as of today to exploit this flaw," Peterkop said. "As far as we know, this has not yet been done, and we also do not know if this malware works." He noted, however, that it nonetheless turned the risk of the realization of this threat into reality.
The RIA director general noted that in Slovakia, the hacking of ID cards became a sort of national sport after local hackers promised a reward for the hacking of the ID card of the Minister of the Interior, although he added that nobody had successfully done so thus far.
Peterkop said that the RIA had developed a way to bypass the security flaw, but unfortunately not all ID cardholders were able to patch their cards before the risk of the realization of the threat became reality.
He noted, however, that the risk affecting ID cards is not exclusive to Estonia, but rather a global issue. "The way Estonia has chosen to resolve the issue has been highlighted as an example for many others," he added.
Peterkop also confirmed that the malware developed to exploit the security flaw was not developed to target Estonia specifically.
The closing of the affected ID card certificates will affect 760,000 cardholders. As of Thursday night, nearly 40,000 people had successfully renewed their ID card certificates either remotely or at PPA service points.
The Oracle v. Google patent case is now in the hands of a jury, as lawyers for the two tech giants presented their closing arguments this morning. The closings were fairly technical diatribes about how Android's Dalvik virtual machine works: the talk was about "symbolic references" versus "numeric references," field resolution, and static arrays.
For Oracle especially, a great deal is on the line now. Oracle is unlikely to get much from the mixed verdict that came in the copyright phase, and if it can't convince these jurors that Android infringes the two Java-related patents it has presented to them in a San Francisco courtroom over the last week, what was recently being called the "World Series of IP Trials" is going to end with a whimper.
Oracle: "Clean Room," "Open Source," "Fair Use" are irrelevant
Oracle's lead lawyer, Michael Jacobs, started out by reminding jurors that many of the defenses that would have applied in the copyright phase don't apply in the patent phase. If Oracle describes something in its patent that Google does—it infringes, period.
"This case is based on the claim language," said Jacobs. "It's not based on ancillary issues, not based on things like whether Android is open or not, nor whether Java was dedicated to the public in some way."
He showed a slide with bullet points reminding jurors what doesn't matter in this section of the case: "'Fair use' is irrelevant; 'clean room' is irrelevant; 'open source' is irrelevant."
The first patent, Jacobs continued, was filed in 1992, invented by James Gosling, an ex-Sun employee who is considered the "father of Java." Despite the fact that Oracle's two patents were filed well before the smartphone era, they are relevant to Android, Jacobs said. "They [Google] confronted on a cell phone the very same problems Java programmers were then dealing with on desktops," Jacobs told the jury. "There's a reason these patents are infringed. Google started out [building Android] by using the basic Java architecture."
Oracle's '104 patent—acknowledged as the more valuable of the two—describes a system that uses "symbolic references" to retrieve data from specific areas of memory. Jacobs told the jury that Google's own engineers—primarily Andy McFadden—admitted in their testimony that the Android's Dalvik virtual machine gets data in a way just like Oracle's patents describe.
Google was trying to pretend that certain numbers in the code weren't symbolic references, Jacobs said. "Numbers are symbolic references all the time," he explained, citing athletic uniforms, social security numbers, and student ID numbers as examples. He also argued Google infringes a patent which describes a way of initializing static arrays (the '520 patent). The Dalvik file simulator.java, "aligns almost directly with the claim language," Jacobs said.
Jacobs used the final part of his argument to talk about the importance of patent rights. "Patents are right there in the Constitution," he said. "You can tell by the level of resources being given to this trial how important this dispute is, how important your role is, and how important these patents are to Oracle."
Google: Android is "fundamentally different"
The evidence is overwhelming, Google lead lawyer Robert Van Nest told the jury. On one side, there's Oracle's technical expert, Dr. John Mitchell. But Mitchell was defied not just by Google's own paid expert, but by Google engineers and the Android source code itself, which doesn't correlate with the terms used in the patent. Even though independent invention is not a defense to patent infringement, Van Nest also pushed the point that Android is an original, in-house creation.
"The features in Android that are accused are fundamentally different from any of the claims of the '104 or '502 patents," Van Nest said. "They were designed from scratch by Google engineers—Bornstein, McFadden, and others. They were designed to work in a smartphone, without any reference at all to the Sun patents."
No one at Google was even aware of the Sun patents while they were building Android, Van Nest said. "This case is not about Java versus Android," Van Nest said. "We're dealing with two specific patents with some very narrow requirements."
The '104 patent involves "symbolic references," something that "Android never uses—never," said Van Nest. It also describes a dynamic system, whereas dexopt , a Dalvik optimizing program, "is a static operation."
As to the '520 patent, he described it as a very small feature. The patent describes a way of initializing arrays, which Oracle says is used by the Android "dx tool." Google says what that tool does is "pattern matching," not "simulating execution," as the patent says.
Van Nest also discussed willfulness—a separate question on the jury form, which the jury won't need to consider if the patents aren't infringed. He again brought up Sun CEO Jonathan Schwartz's public praise of Android after its launch. "Their reaction was not, 'Oh my gosh, you're a terrible infringer,'" said Van Nest. "It was, 'Thank you. You've strapped a rocket onto Java.' Why would somebody go search Sun patents when Sun itself was saying, 'Welcome to the Java community?'"
He also replayed the video deposition from Andy Rubin, who said he didn't recommend engineers look at patents. "Honestly, engineers aren't lawyers," Rubin asked when he was grilled by Oracle's lawyer on tape. "Some of the questions you've asked me today are so complicated, my head could explode. I don't want my engineers to focus on that, I want them to write code."
What happens next
The jury will begin deliberations now and can take as long as they like. In the first phase, the jurors took longer than expected—a full week of deliberations—and still weren't able to reach a verdict on one key question. After that, there will be a final "damages phase" to the trial, but there might not be much to that after the copyright verdict was muddled.
If Oracle wins, it will have a shot at millions—but it still may not amount to much by the standards of these companies. Oracle's own damages expert valued the two patents left in the case at a bit over $4 million in late March. That might get stretched a bit, but whatever it wins will be a far cry from the $6 billion it once believed it could wring from Google. Oracle would also be able to ask for an injunction that could force Google to alter Android's programming. The standards for getting an injunction are high, though, and Google would surely fight that every step of the way.
Mostly, though, a patent win would show that Oracle's long legal crusade has not been in vain. If Oracle loses this patent skirmish, getting anything from Google will be like squeezing water from a stone. Oracle has said it intends to demand "infringer's profits" over one nine-line function that was copied in Android, and several decompiled Java files used in testing.
Alsup has called asking for a big payout based on that evidence "ridiculous" but promised Oracle's lawyers they will get a chance to present them to the jury regardless.
Raw content
CONFIDENTIAL PAGE 01 USUN N 05165 180251Z ACTION IO-15 INFO OCT-01 ARA-11 ISO-00 DOE-15 ACDA-12 CIAE-00 DODE-00 PM-05 INR-10 L-03 NSAE-00 NASA-01 NSC-05 SOE-02 SS-15 OES-09 AF-10 EA-10 EUR-12 NEA-11 SP-02 SVC-00 /149 W ------------------076211 180256Z /14 P 180251Z NOV 78 FM USMISSION USUN NEW YORK TO SECSTATE WASHDC PRIORITY 5565 INFO AMEMBASSY BRIDGETOWN C O N F I D E N T I A L USUN NEW YORK 05165 E.O. 11652:GDS TAGS: UNGA, GJ, TSPA SUBJECT: GRENADIAN UFO CRUSADE:DEJA VU 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN AGENCY OR A DEPARTMENT OF THE UNITED NATIONS FOR UNDERTAKING, COORDINATING AND DISSEMINATING THE RESULTS OF RESEARCH INTO UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS AND RELATED PHENOMENA (UNGA ITEM 126) IS SCHEDULED TO BE TAKEN UP BY THE SPECIAL POLITICAL COMMITTEE (SPC) ON 27 NOVEMBER. UNDAUNTED BY A LACK OF RESPONSE TO THE ITEM DURING AND SINCE THE 32ND UNGA, PRIME MINISTER GAIRY HAS APPARENTLY LAID THE GROUNDWORK FOR A BLITZKRIEG SALES PITCH WHICH WILL INCLUDE A CAST OF SUPPORTERS RANGING FROM SCIENTISTS TO ASTRONAUTS, SUPPLEMENTED BY A HOLLYWOOD FILM PRODUCTION. 2. MISSION HAS LEARNED THAT GRENADA'S MINISTER OF EDUCATION, DR. FRIDAY, WILL INTRODUCE A RESOLUTION (AS YET NOT DISTRIBUTED) TO THE SPC FOLLOWED BY TESTIMONY FROM FOUR OR FIVE EXPERTS POSSIBLY INCLUDING: DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK (U.S. ASTRONOMER), DR. JACQUES VALLEE (FRENCH ASTRONOMER), DR. CLAUDE POHER (FRENCH UFO STUDY GROUP), DR. DAVID SAUNDERS (PSYCHOLOGIST), AND CONFIDENTIAL CONFIDENTIAL PAGE 02 USUN N 05165 180251Z FORMER ASTRONAUT GORDON COOPER (V.P. WALT DISNEY R&D). WE UNDERSTAND THAT THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR BRINGING THE GROUP TOGETHER IS PRODUCER E. LEE SPEIGEL WHO HAS PRODUCED AN AUDIO VISUAL PRESENTATION WHICH WILL FOLLOW THE TESTIMONY OF THE "EXPERTS". ALL OF THE ABOVE LISTED PERSONS HAVE BEEN OFFICIALLY ACCREDITED TO THE UNGA BY GRENADA. Sheryl P. Walter Declassified/Released US Department of State EO Systematic Review 20 Mar 2014 Sheryl P. Walter Declassified/Released US Department of State EO Systematic Review 20 Mar 2014 3. TWO MEETINGS HAVE BEEN ALLOCATED FOR THIS ITEM BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SPC. PRESUMABLY DELEGATES WILL BE GIVEN A DAY OR SO TO DIGEST THE INFORMATION PRESENTED AND THEN RETURN TO ACT ON THE RESOLUTION. 4. THUS FAR ONLY TWO COUNTRIES HAVE GONE ON RECORD WITH A POSITION ON THE GENERAL PROPOSAL. SEYCHELLES SUPPORTED THE IDEA WHILE INDIA REJECTED THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A SEPARATE UN AGENCY OR COMMITTEE BUT SUGGESTED THAT SOME DISCUSSION OF UFO'S COULD BE INCLUDED WITHIN THE BROADER CONTEXT OF THE "EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE/INTELLIGENCE" ITEM UNDER CONSIDERATION BY THE OUTERSPACE COMMITTEE. THERE APPEARS TO BE VERY LITTLE INTEREST ON THE PART OF MOST DELEGATES TO PURSUE THIS MATTER. NEVERTHELESS GRENADA WILL PRESS FORWARD UNDER INSTRUCTIONS FROM GAIRY WHO SEES HIS COUNTRY AS HOST OF A CENTER FOR UFO RESEARCH. 5. ACTION REQUESTED: PLEASE PROVIDE INSTRUCTIONS ON U.S. POSITION TO BE TAKEN IN THIS MATTER AS WELL AS DESIRED LEVEL OF VISIBILITY. LAST YEAR GRENADA REQUESTED OUR SUPPORT AND MISOFF HAD TO SCRAMBLE HARD BEHIND THE SCENES TO WATER DOWN THE RESOLUTION AND, IN EFFECT, DELAY A VOTE FOR ONE YEAR. ANOTHER CONSIDERATION IS WHETHER TO ISSUE A DISCLAIMER ON STATEMENTS MADE BY U.S. CONFIDENTIAL CONFIDENTIAL PAGE 03 USUN N 05165 180251Z NATIONALS ON THE GRENADIAN DELEGATION. IF LAST YEAR'S INSTRUCTIONS STILL OBTAIN, IT WOULD APPEAR THAT THE INDIAN SUGGESTION WOULD BE ABOUT AS FAR AS WE WOULD BE WILLING TO GO ON THE ISSUE. LEONARD CONFIDENTIAL NNN Sheryl P. Walter Declassified/Released US Department of State EO Systematic Review 20 Mar 2014 Sheryl P. Walter Declassified/Released US Department of State EO Systematic Review 20 Mar 2014
The trillions of microbes that inhabit the human body, collectively called the microbiome, are estimated to weigh two to six pounds -- up to twice the weight of the average human brain. Most of them live in the gut and intestines, where they help us to digest food, synthesize vitamins and ward off infection. But recent research on the microbiome has shown that its influence extends far beyond the gut, all the way to the brain.
Over the past 10 years, studies have linked the gut microbiome to a range of complex behaviors, such as mood and emotion, and appetite and satiety. Not only does the gut microbiome appear to help maintain brain function but it may also influence the risk of psychiatric and neurological disorders, including anxiety, depression and autism.
Three researchers at the forefront of this emerging field recently discussed the microbiome-brain connection with The Kavli Foundation.
"The big question right now is how the microbiome exerts its effects on the brain," said Christopher Lowry, Associate Professor of Integrative Physiology at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Lowry is studying whether beneficial microbes can be used to treat or prevent stress-related psychiatric conditions, including anxiety and depression.
One surprising way in which the microbiome influences the brain is during development. Tracy Bale, Professor of Neuroscience at the School of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, and her team have found that the microbiome in mice is sensitive to stress and that stress-induced changes to a mother's microbiome are passed on to her baby and alter the way her baby's brain develops.
"There are key developmental windows when the brain is more vulnerable because it's setting itself up to respond to the world around it," said Bale, who has done pioneering research into the effects of maternal stress on the brain. "So, if mom's microbial ecosystem changes -- due to infection, stress or diet, for example -- her newborn's gut microbiome will change too, and that can have a lifetime effect."
Sarkis Mazmanian, Louis & Nelly Soux Professor of Microbiology at the California Institute of Technology, is exploring the link between gut bacteria, gastrointestinal disease and autism, a neurodevelopmental disorder. He has discovered that the gut microbiome communicates with the brain via molecules that are produced by gut bacteria and then enter the bloodstream. These metabolites are powerful enough to change the behavior of mice.
"We've shown, for example, that a metabolite produced by gut bacteria is sufficient to cause behavioral abnormalities associated with autism and with anxiety when it is injected into otherwise healthy mice," said Mazmanian.
The work of these three researchers raises the possibility that brain disorders, including anxiety, depression and autism, may be treated through the gut, which is a much easier target for drug delivery than the brain. But there is still much more research to be done to understand the gut-microbiome-brain connection, they said.
Mazmanian's lab is also exploring whether the microbiome plays a role in neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
"There are flash bulbs going off in the dark, suggesting that very complex neurodegenerative disorders may be linked to the microbiome. But once again this is very speculative. These seminal findings, the flash bulbs, are only just beginning to illuminate our vision of the gut-microbiome-brain connection," said Mazmanian.
Exos-Gear is a fairly new company in the pack game. However, they are making quite the entrance with the great looking Bravo tactical style pack. Exon-Gear reached out and sent me their Bravo pack to review as well as their Commuter style pack. Most of the packs I review here at RMK are not for the budget shopper or one that does not want to drop $300 for a backpack. Another thing I love to review here at RMK is packs built in the US just to support our country. Again, this is great but for those wanting to get a great looking pack and not break the bank the Bravo is the way to go.
The Bravo is built from full 600D Polyester which is not the normal 1000D-500D Cordura I love, however right now you can get the Bravo pack for $35 which is almost 1/10th the price of the other bags I review here at RMK. The 600D Poly is still a great fabric and will battle through almost anything with you. The Bravo pack, coming in at 33L is also a perfect size for EDC or a day pack. I opted for the Grey color, there is also Coyote, Black, and OD green.
On the very front of the pack, there are six rows of MOLLE webbing that will allow you to attach external pouches or carabiner, etc. Above the MOLLE webbing there is the Exos-gear Logo. There is also a 2x3 velcro strip for adding all of your morale patches on the upper left-hand side of the pack which is a must-have for a pack of this style.
DETROIT -- Jimmy Devellano helped turn two franchises into Stanley Cup champions while drafting, hiring and developing people who have left their mark in hockey.
Devellano began his NHL career as an unpaid Toronto-area scout for the St. Louis Blues in 1967, and on Tuesday, the senior vice president of the Detroit Red Wings was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
"When we get into the business, we all want to get our names on the Stanley Cup," Devellano said. "I've been blessed to do it more than once (four times with Detroit, three with the New York Islanders). On an individual basis, the highest thing you can be recognized with is a Hall of Fame spot. I'm obviously thrilled."
Devellano, 67, was selected in the builders category.
Scrappy forward Dino Ciccarelli, who scored 608 goals and spent four of his 19 seasons with the Red Wings, was selected in the players category, along with Cammi Granato and Angela James, who are the first female players elected.
The induction ceremony is Nov. 8 in Toronto.
Next season will be Devellano's 44th in the NHL and his 29th with the Red Wings.
The once-proud franchise was in shambles when Mike and Marian Ilitch purchased it from the Norris family in 1982. The team had missed the playoffs in 14 of the previous 17 seasons, and its dwindling season-ticket base had dropped to 2,100.
Devellano, the first general manager the Ilitches hired following his successful stint as a scout and assistant GM with the Islanders, was at the forefront of the Red Wings' resurrection.
The foundation was laid in '83, when Devellano, in his first entry draft as GM, selected Steve Yzerman with the fourth overall pick.
Devellano vowed to build through the draft and spearheaded the organization's efforts to procure talent from Europe. The club's 1989 "Draft for the Ages" produced Nicklas Lidstrom, Sergei Fedorov and Vladimir Konstantinov.
Devellano hired Ken Holland as a scout and was instrumental in his ascension to general manager. He also recommended the hiring of Scotty Bowman as coach in '93.
"It was tough through the '80s, it didn't happen overnight, but once we got into the '90s and a flock of Europeans came over, we got good in a hurry," Devellano said. "And for 19 years we've been a good club."
Among Devellano's numerous contributions is his cultivation of front-office talent.
"The development of Ken Holland, (assistant GM) Jim Nill, Steve Yzerman, even (NHL vice president of operations) Colin Campbell -- who we had as a player and made him into an assistant coach, now he's a big guy in the league office -- those were the people I gave a chance to and they responded," Devellano said. "We've been able to produce good, young hockey people. (Holland and Nill) started as scouts and worked their way up.
He also said he's proud of Yzerman, who apprenticed in the Red Wings' front office as vice president for four years before becoming GM in Tampa Bay last month.
Devellano's teams have missed the playoffs only five times in 42 seasons, including the Islanders' first two years as an expansion club.
Devellano remains active behind the scenes, scouting NHL games, providing input on player moves and advising management on contracts. He will be in Los Angeles this weekend for the entry draft.
Ciccarelli, 50, waited eight years to be selected. The small (5-foot-10, 180 pounds) but scrappy net-front battler had 107 goals and 240 points in 254 games with the Red Wings from '92-96.
He began his NHL career with the Minnesota North Stars in 1980 and had stops in Washington, Tampa Bay and Florida. He finished with 1,200 points.
An emotional Ciccarelli called the Hall nod a tremendous honor he will cherish for the rest of his life.
"I just lost my mom a few months ago and my dad a few years ago," Ciccarelli said during a conference call. "It would have been nice to enjoy it with my parents, but I've got my kids, my family and a lot of friends. We're going to enjoy this and celebrate it."
Granato played 15 years with the U.S. women's team, leading it to a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
James was a four-time world champion with the Canadian women's team.
The late Daryl (Doc) Seaman, a founding owner of the Calgary Flames, also was elected as a builder.
WNT
CHICAGO (Aug. 30, 2016) – The U.S. Women's National Team will play Switzerland twice in October, taking on the rising European side on Oct. 19 at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy, Utah (7 p.m. MT on ESPN2) and Oct. 23 at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis with kickoff at 12:45 p.m. CT and coverage beginning on FS1 at Noon CT.
The matches will be the first for the U.S. WNT after the completion of the 2016 National Women's Soccer League season, which concludes on Oct. 9 with the championship game in Houston.
Tickets for the match in Utah go on sale to the public Friday, Sept. 2, at 10 a.m. MT through ussoccer.com, by phone at 844-REAL-TIX [844-732-5849] (Monday-Friday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. MT) and at the Rio Tinto Stadium ticket office (open Monday-Friday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.). Groups of 20 or more can order at ussoccer.com.
Tickets for the match in Minnesota go on sale to the public Friday, Sept. 23, at 10 a.m. CT through ussoccer.com, by phone at 1-800-745-3000 and at all Ticketmaster ticket centers throughout the Twin Cities area (including many Walmart locations), as well as the U.S. Bank Stadium ticket office (open Monday-Friday at 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., with extended hours on Wednesday until 7 p.m.). Groups of 20 or more can order at ussoccer.com.
Ultimate Fan Tickets (special VIP packages that include a premium ticket, a custom-made official U.S. National Team jersey with name and number, VIP access to the field before and after the game, and other unique benefits) are also available for both games exclusively through ussoccer.com.
The matches against Switzerland will only be the third and fourth meetings between the two countries, with the USA winning both previous contents. The Americans triumphed 4-1 on Aug. 20, 2014 in Cary, N.C. and 3-0 on March 6, 2015 at the Algarve Cup in Portugal.
Switzerland currently sits atop its qualifying group for the 2017 UEFA Women's Euro, taking the full 18 points from six games so far.
U.S. Soccer will offer a four-day Girls' Fantasy Camp around the match in Minneapolis, running from October 21-24. The camp is open to girls born in 2002, 2003 and 2004. This exclusive opportunity includes training sessions with former Women's National Team stars, behind-the-scenes access, match tickets, a pre-game stadium tour and field-level access to watch warm-ups, U.S. Soccer training apparel and jersey, hotel accommodations, meals and more. The Fantasy Camp is a fundraiser to support the U.S. Soccer Development Fund and includes a tax-deductible donation. For more information and to register, visit U.S. Soccer Fantasy Camps or contact fantasycamp@ussoccer.org.
Additional Notes:
Ric Richardson's mobile office in Byron Bay. Richardson's website lists over 140 projects and inventions, ranging from the "shadesaver" sun glass cords to a smart cruise control device for cars. He said he was pleased with the outcome and that Microsoft were probably "the hardest ones to litigate against" in the scheme of things. "But, you know, that's part of our ethical approach of going after the people that did the wrong thing rather than just going after easy targets and have them fold because they can't afford to fight against us." He was dumbfounded in September 2009 after US Direct Judge William Smith "vacated" the jury's earlier decision in the case, which had awarded him one of the largest patent pay-offs in US history. Smith said the jury "lacked a grasp of the issues". The case, which alleges Microsoft earned billions of dollars by using Richardson's anti-piracy technology in its Windows XP and Office programs, has been going through the courts since 2003 and Uniloc has been appealing the judge's decision, alleging bias.
Ric Richardson. But, just this week, Richardson was informed of the outcome of the appeal, which reinstated Microsoft's guilty verdict. The US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled that Microsoft infringed Uniloc's patent to prevent software piracy but also tossed out a popular method of calculating damage awards for infringement. It called the jury's damages award "fundamentally tainted", and granted a new trial on the damages. In its ruling, the court said it would no longer accept "the 25 per cent rule", which assumes that the company licensing a patent is due 25 per cent of the value of the product.
"This court now holds as a matter of Federal Circuit law that the 25 per cent rule of thumb is a fundamentally flawed tool for determining a baseline royalty rate in a hypothetical negotiation," the court said in its ruling. Microsoft, which has set aside money to cover any damages, was pleased with the decision to ditch the 25 per cent rule. The case "may signal the end of unreasonable and outsized damages awards based on faulty methodology", said David Howard, a vice president of Microsoft, in a statement. Uniloc chief executive Brad Davis said the ruling was positive for his privately held company. "We disagree with the damages component but at the end of the day ... it's a big win on the strength of the patent," Davis said. "We invented it. We thought of it."
However, Richardson believed the damages component being reassessed may be a good thing. "What's really interesting about that is that for the first time we've actually seen a whole lot of Microsoft propaganda come out from the Microsoft machine all talking about the fact that they've questioned the damages calculation as being an obvious slap in the face that says we go too much," he said. "But that's not what the actual judgement decision said. It just said simply that they didn't agree with the way the calculation was made, which doesn't say anything about whether it was too much or too small." Richardson believed it may even give Uniloc the ability to "have another bite of the apple" and use the decision to "go for more" damages in the case. "The fact of the matter is that it [gives us] the ability to re-calculate," he said. "It means that we can actually have another bite of the apple and use the calculation that the appeal court was actually expecting."
Although patent damages awards will be shared amongst Uniloc's other shareholders, Richardson owns a major chunk of the company and is set to potentially reap many millions. Previously, Richardson said that he and his wife donated to a charitable cause that he would not reveal. He said the cause would get any excess money he earned beyond that required to maintain his lifestyle. To celebrate the Microsoft victory in April 2009, before the jury decision was overturned, the pair bought a "chook shed". "You can really live well on $10-15 million in assets," he said. "You should set your lifestyle around something that's reasonable and then treat the rest of it for what it really is, which is a business success score."
Meanwhile, Richardson's company is also going after tech giants Sony and McAfee. - With AP and Reuters This reporter is on Twitter: @bengrubb
Losing around $100,000 of hard-earned savings when the share market crashed in the 1998 Asian financial crisis prompted Singtel employee Loo Cheng Chuan to devise a safer way to build a nest egg.
Mr Loo, 44, went about creating a low-risk line of defence by using the Central Provident Fund (CPF), particularly the Special Account, as his investment vehicle.
"It's simply creating a financial safety net by topping up your Special and Medisave Accounts at a young age, as young as possible, and just letting it compound over a long period of time to over half a million dollars," he says. "Combine that with your spouse, you will reach a million dollars at age 65."
Mr Loo explained his "1m65" strategy in a video clip that was shown during the CPF Retirement Planning roadshow at Suntec City on Aug 27.
Mr Loo, who works in the digital business department at Singtel, noted in the clip that he realised that all the instruments offered by the CPF are risk-free and guaranteed by the Government. Even creditors will not be able to touch your nest egg.
WEIGHING THE PROS AND CONS Individuals who wish to lock in their money in CPF for the long term will need to balance the long-term gain of having a large balance in their CPF when they retire, with their short-term needs, such as children's education and general expenses. '' PROMISELAND FINANCIAL ADVISER WILFRED LING.
Armed with this knowledge, he started topping up his Special and Medisave Accounts from age 30.
He had already bought a four-room flat in Punggol and used some of his Ordinary Account savings to pay the mortgage. Still, he tried his best to transfer the surplus in his Ordinary Account to his Special Account as often as he could.
"In our early 30s, my wife and I worked very hard and we were very thrifty in managing some of our CPF expenses and that led to a full accumulation of our Special and Medisave Accounts," he recalls.
By the time Mr Loo was 34, he had hit the cap of around $120,000 on both accounts.
Assuming the interest rate remains at 4 per cent, his savings and those of his wife in these two accounts could compound to almost $1 million by the time they reach 65, even if they choose to stop working a few years after they turn 34 and contributions to these accounts cease. And if they continue working until retirement, the combined amount would be much higher than $1 million.
However, Mr Loo admits that his strategy is not without downsides.
"It requires you to take money from the Ordinary Account to quickly top up your Special Account - which means you cannot be buying big houses and big condos. And, of course, as an ordinary Singaporean, I aspire to these things. But between looking rich and being rich, I prefer to be rich."
In addition, once you put money into the Special Account, you cannot withdraw it for housing purchases, as it is meant for retirement. This poses some risk and discomfort to people.
The comfort and the peace of mind that he would have $1 million waiting for him in his golden years is so great that Mr Loo has started sharing his experience with his church groups and friends.
Related Story 6 little-known facts about the CPF
"I realise that for a family, a safety net of $1 million is a wonderful sum of money. It brings a lot of security in my life and because of that, my whole life changed, my risk profile changed. I can be a bit more aggressive in some aspects of my life because I have this safety net," he says.
His wife, Madam Lee Bee Yee, 44, is in the personal shopper trade. They have three children, aged 15, 13 and 12.
WHAT A FINANCIAL EXPERT SAYS
Promiseland financial adviser Wilfred Ling says Mr Loo's method of using his CPF to accumulate $1 million is viable.
In fact, he worked out that it is possible for a CPF member to accumulate $1 million before the age of 57 by starting to top up the Special Account from age 25.
He based his calculations on a few assumptions, including a gross monthly income of $2,500, a one-month bonus and a 5 per cent yearly increase in the member's salary. Other assumptions are that the member transfers all his Ordinary Account savings to the Special Account. This means he would have no CPF savings available for housing loans.
Mr Ling also assumed that the CPF rules and interest rates will remain unchanged. "Individuals who wish to lock in their money in CPF for the long term will need to balance the long-term gain of having a large balance in their CPF when they retire, with their short-term needs, such as children's education and general expenses."
He added that this method is particularly useful for people in business as CPF money is protected from creditors.
"I have advised a number of my clients, who are businessmen, to accumulate as much CPF as possible so that in the event of bankruptcy, their retirement nest eggs remain unaffected," Mr Ling said.
The message "Paris is Charlie" is projected on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on January 9, 2015, in tribute to the victims of deadly attack at the Paris offices of weekly satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo. Photo: Reuters
The message
Hundreds in southern Afghanistan rallied to praise the killing of 12 people at the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo, calling the two gunmen "heroes" who meted out punishment for cartoons disrespectful to Islam's prophet, officials said on Saturday.
The demonstrators also protested President Ashraf Ghani's swift condemnation of the bloody attack on the satirical newspaper, according to the officials in Uruzgan province.
The rally came after worshippers left Friday prayers at a local mosque in Chora district and swelled to several hundred people, said Chora police chief Abdul Qawi.
"The protesters were calling the attackers heroes and were shouting that those who had mocked the Prophet Mohammad were punished," Qawi said.
Provincial police chief Matiullah Khan said that police had been informed in advance of the demonstration, which was allowed under the Afghan constitution's free-speech provisions.
"They provided good security and it was peaceful," he said.
Afghan President Ghani issued a condemnation the day after the newspaper attack saying "there is no justification for this brutal act".
The two brothers wanted for gunning down 12 people at the Charlie Hebdo office in Paris were killed on Friday when French anti-terrorist police stormed their hideout.
Afghanistan remains a deeply conservative Muslim society, more than 13 years after the Taliban's hardline Islamist regime was toppled by U.S.-backed forces for sheltering al Qaeda leaders suspected of planning the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
Previous insults to Islam have sparked protests that turned violent.
Seven U.N. workers were killed during protests that raged across Afghanistan for three days in April 2011 after a U.S. pastor burned a Koran in Florida.
However, this week many Afghans reacted in horror and dismay after the Paris newspaper attack, saying the insult to Islam did not justify bloodshed.
"Out of solidarity with the people of France, we strongly condemn this barbaric attack on #CharlieHebdo," read one Afghan posting on Twitter.
"Terrorism has no race, religion or country. Terrorism is everyone's enemy," another tweet said.
The opposition may have been modest and the strike somewhat scruffy but, when Erik Lamela got his first goal for Tottenham Hotspur in their Europa League group match against Sheriff Tiraspol on Thursday, it seemed a significant moment for both player and club. The Argentina winger has struggled to impress since arriving from Roma for £30m in August, a Spurs record fee, but at last he had acclaim, with his goal capping off a highly impressive performance.
"Every time I play I feel better, so it was a great experience [to score] in front of all our fans," said Lamela. "I came here to give the team what it needs. I will bring what I can and I hope to do well. I said that I would be capable of making the difference here because I believe in myself."
It was belief that persuaded André Villas-Boas to spend a large chunk of the money Tottenham received from Real Madrid for Gareth Bale on Lamela, who in 67 games for Roma, spanning a little under two years, scored 21 goals and provided 13 assists for his team-mates. He subsequently caught the eye of many leading clubs across Europe so it looked quite a coup for Spurs when they were able to make the player, who is left-footed but predominately operates as a right winger, the seventh acquisition of a £100m-plus summer spree.
But it has since been something of a slog for the 21-year-old, who along with a change of club, country and culture has also had to deal with the unexpected rise of Andros Townsend. As such, Lamela has yet to start a Premier League game for Spurs and instead has seen his chances to influence the team restricted to their fixtures in the Europa League and Capital One Cup. He well and truly took his opportunity against Sheriff, the Moldovan champions, tormenting their left-back Djibril Paye from the start. It was via a deflection off Paye that Lamela scored on 60 minutes and then, having glided into the area with impressive skill, he was tripped by the same player, leading to the penalty from which Jermain Defoe scored a record-breaking 23rd goal in European competition for Spurs.
After the 2-1 victory, which guarantees Spurs' passage into the knockout stages of the Europa League with two Group K fixtures to spare, Villa-Boas spoke of Lamela having not found it easy to adapt to life in England because of "personal reasons – not speaking the language, opposite social life to Italy, change of city, no family here". Yet the player himself, who began his career at River Plate before moving to Roma in October 2011, claimed he had not particularly struggled with the transition from Rome to London.
"No, it's not been difficult," he said. "It's a different kind of football but, when I joined Roma, the first month there I didn't do all that well and then slowly but surely, it got better. Everything depends on the training sessions. You improve and then in the end you feel better.
"It [the transfer fee] is not a pressure. When I went to Rome they paid quite a lot to bring me from Argentina but the size of the fee was good for me. It meant that they took a gamble, went the extra mile for me. I want to show what I can do, always trying to do things for the benefit of the team."
The next opportunity for Lamela to shine comes on Sunday, when Spurs host Newcastle. A first league start surely beckons for the man from Carapachay – who has five caps for Argentina and is confident of being part of his country's World Cup squad – alongside the growing talk of the White Hart Lane faithful having a player that can excite them as much as Bale once did. Comparisons with the Welshman are, however, something Lamela is keen to play down.
"It's not right to say I came here to replace Bale or any other player," he said. "He is who he is and I am who I am. I'm thinking about Tottenham, doing well here, training hard, and this way we hope to become a great team and to compete strongly this season."
Officials said Tuesday a year-long experiment with having food trucks converge at downtown events has been a success with no complaints.
However, there is disagreement over allowing vendors that have trucks pull trailers to the site and dump them off to be included.
Kim White, River City Company president, said operators like Gigi's Cupcakes and Taste of Argentina have blended in well at the food fares - dropping off their trailers and afterward picking them up.
However, Steve Leach, public works administrator, said he sees problems with continuing to allow the dropped-off trailers. "They will dump them off and leave them all summer," he said.
Most of the vendors operate from self-contained trucks, where food is cooked on the spot. Ms. White said all operators go through a rigid health check.
They cannot take up public parking spaces and only are stationed where they have written permission from the property owner.
The City Council is being asked to approve a new ordinance on the subject at its meeting next Tuesday. Meanwhile, the two sides are going to continue talks.
Ms. White said such food gatherings have enlivened many downtowns, including Austin and Portland.
She said gatherings here at Warehouse Row and at Miller Plaza on "Fresh Fridays" has been a hit.
Ms. White said "brick and mortar" operators have not complained because the events have drawn crowds, and some of those choose to eat at the restaurants.
She said, "We wouldn't put a pizza vendor right in front of a pizza restaurant."
Ms. White said some of those selling food out of their trucks have been so successful that they have opened their own "brick and mortar" places.
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser .
Strahan is not a place you arrive at by accident. Even today, getting to this tranquil harbourside village on Tasmania's west coast requires something of a journey: a drive of about four hours if you are coming from Launceston, five from Hobart. And that's with the benefit of modern roads skirting the dense rainforest that cloaks most of the surrounding area.
So you have to hand it to the people who flocked to Strahan in the 1880s: they were pretty intrepid. Of course, in the delirium of the Gold Rush days, it was not unusual for people to travel vast distances in the hope of striking it rich. Most of those who came to make their fortune left disappointed. Bowes Kelly was the exception, but then he had one advantage most of the other prospectors lacked: he was already rich.
See Also Tasmania travel guide
Kelly had made his first fortune when he bought a share in the mining syndicate that was to become BHP. Hoping for a repeat performance, he had soil samples from the lands around Strahan analysed, and discovered rich copper traces. Together with his partner, he promptly bought up all the land he could get his hands on, and opened what was to become Australia's biggest copper mine.
SHARE
Share on Facebook SHARE
Share on Twitter TWEET
Pin to Pinterest PIN
Link Strahan is a harbour-side village with a dark and fascinating convict past set on the edge of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area. Photo: Paul Fleming
Kelly's new venture faced one major difficulty: the problem of getting the copper from the mine at Queenstown down to the port at Strahan. A railway was the obvious solution: but could any railway traverse that wild landscape with its steep mountains, broad rivers and gorges, and dense, ancient forest? Kelly insisted it could be done.
He turned out to be right. The rail line that he laid still exists. Today, visitors board the West Coast Wilderness Railway, with its green locomotive and its red carriages gleaming, for a unique rainforest experience. As they travel through the dense forest – sometimes overshadowed by steep slopes, other times travelling high above river valleys – they also get an insight into the prodigious challenges required to carve this passage through the ancient forest.
It is difficult for us to imagine the sheer amount of backbreaking labour involved. At one stage, Kelly's Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Co employed more than 2000 axemen, who felled countless trees. The timber was used in the mine and in the town that sprung up around it. It provided the raw material not just for the railway sleepers, but also for the boats and the wharves from which they sailed.
The hard, unrelenting work was made even more miserable by the weather. The mean annual rainfall in this part of Tasmania is about a metre and a half. As wet wood doesn't burn, workers often had no campfires at which to warm themselves after a hard day's work. They spent damp, chilly nights in their rudimentary accommodation, often nothing more than a hole in the ground with a piece of canvas pulled over the top. Tired of sloshing around with their shoes full of water, many of them cut holes in their soles to let the rain out. Unfortunately, that also let the leeches in.
The search for a rail system that could cope with these gradients seemed doomed, until the mine's owners came across a pamphlet describing the work of Swiss engineer, Dr Roman Abt, who had used a rack system on the Harzbahn in Germany. Abt's railway had a third rail, consisting of solid bars with vertical teeth; small cogwheels under the locomotive engaged with the teeth on the rail. For lack of other alternatives, the mine owners took a chance on the new technology. Fortunately, it delivered everything it promised.
The project was a success, but an expensive one. By the time the railway opened in 1897, the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company had spent a total of 230,000 pounds expenses on construction costs, locomotives and rolling stock: a sum equivalent to half the Tasmanian government's entire expenditure on infrastructure.
Advertisement
As it turned out, the railway did more than just ferry copper to the port. Given the grim conditions around Queenstown at the time – sulphur fumes from the mine had killed plants for miles around – workers would use the railway to take their families on picnics into the woods, so their children had the opportunity to see what trees looked like.
With no roads into the area until 1932, the railway remained the locals' lifeline. Ultimately, however, rising maintenance costs led to trucks replacing trains being as the transport of choice.
Calls for the revival of the railway gained momentum once the mine closed in the 1990. Restoration work began in 1999, and took three years to complete. In addition to clearing the overgrown tracks, which had been damaged by landslips and floods, a number of bridges had been destroyed by bushfire, or in some cases had simply rotted away. Forty bridges had to be reconstructed or replaced.
Astonishingly, one of the most authentic elements of today's railway is the locomotives which draw the trains. Of five original locomotives, three are used on the line. One locomotive was scrapped back in the 1960s; the fifth is in a museum in Hobart.
The West Coast Wilderness Railway runs two half-day itineraries, one which starts and ends in Strahan, the other which starts and ends in Queenstown. Both itineraries include stops along the way, offering guests the chance to take a short walk through the forest, or try some local activities.
TRIP NOTES
MORE INFORMATION
discovertasmania.com.au
SHARE
Share on Facebook SHARE
Share on Twitter TWEET
Pin to Pinterest PIN
Link The West Coast Wilderness Railway is a reconstruction of the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company railway between Queenstown and Regatta Point, Strahan. Photo: Nick Osborne
wcwr.com.au
GETTING THERE
Strahan is a four-hour drive from Launceston, or five hours from Hobart. Virgin Airlines flies daily from Sydney and Melbourne to Hobart and Launceston. See virginaustralia.com.au
STAYING THERE
The waterfront Risby Cove has the best restaurant in Strahan, as well as comfortable one- and two-bedroom suites. Rates start from $245 a room per night for a one-bedroom suite. See risbycove.com.au.
TRAVELLING THERE
Rates for the half-day tour are $99 for adults and $45 for children, with a family pass available at $230. Guests can also opt for the Wilderness Carriage experience, which includes either morning tea and a light lunch, or a full high tea. Wilderness Carriage rates start at $160 for adults or $90 for children. See wcwr.com.au.
Ute Junker travelled courtesy of Virgin Australia, Tourism Tasmania and West Coast Wilderness Railway.
See also: Epic trip: On board the world's longest railway journey
See also: Fast and slow: The 10 coolest train journeys in the world
Real Madrid Zidane could name Welshman in his match day squad
Gareth Bale could return to Real Madrid's match day squad list to face Malaga for the first time in 64 days, since the Welshman travelled to Vitoria to face Alaves with the rest of the squad at the end of September.
However, in that game, Zidane put Bale on the bench along with Luka Modric, while Toni Kroos, Marcelo and Karim Benzema didn't even travel.
Bale didn't play a minute that day in a game which Real won 2-1 thanks to a brace from Dani Ceballos.
After that, Bale picked up his calf injury on October 3rd when on international duty with Wales before getting a thigh problem in Madrid on November 10 while training just as he was set to return.
In total, he has been out for over two months, missing six LaLiga games, three Champions League fixtures and one Copa del Rey clash.
Zidane will submit his squad for the game against Malaga on Friday night and confirm whether or not Bale will make his return.
If he does not, the winger could make his comeback in the Copa del Rey on Tuesday against Fuenlabrada, a less risky assignment for the former Tottenham man.
Every morning, the fine folks at Sports Radio Interviews sift through the a.m. drive-time chatter to bring you the best interviews with coaches, players, and personalities across the sports landscape. Today: Stevenson maintains he would have passed a Breathalyzer.
DeShawn Stevenson joined 105.3 The Fan in Dallas with Josh, Elf and Arnie to discuss winning the championship, the best and worst parts about being DeShawn Stevenson, his arrest two nights after winning the championship, what he was thinking when all of that went down, how he obtained the "How Does My Dirk Taste?" T-shirt and his Abraham Lincoln tattoo.
When did you truly believe the Mavericks were going to win the championship?:
"I'd say when Jet got that tattoo. I didn't believe it, but when Jet got the tattoo and we are on a roll, we had a lot of starting people coming off the bench - Shawn Marion, he's a starter; Jason Terry, he's a starter; J.J. Barea, he's a starter. We had a lot of people coming off the bench and I just felt we were a powerhouse team."
What's the best thing about being DeShawn Stevenson?:
"I'd say being in Dallas and being with a team that has great fans. Some teams don't have fans like we have. They stuck with us and it's a great thing going out there playing, knowing you've got 20,000 behind your back."
What's the worst part?:
"The toughest part is I get stereotyped by all my tattoos and things like that. If you know me, I'm a great guy."
Advertisement
Do you want to clear up what happened with the quick arrest following winning the championship:
"People don't understand. I was going to a party with all of my friends in an apartment. I left. I'm walking down the street … and I guess because I have tattooed a cop told me to come here, asked me what I was doing. I told him what I was doing and he told me to go by the cop car. I'm thinking that he's going to ask me a couple questions and I'm going to go home. He comes, puts me in handcuffs and I go to jail for four hours. … I asked him what I was going to jail for and he said public intoxication."
Did he give you a Breathalyzer or anything?:
"This is the thing, I asked for it. I asked for the Breathalyzer and he wouldn't give it to me."
What was he thinking as he's sleeping on the floor in jail?:
"I really didn't think about that because I knew I didn't do anything wrong. Sometimes when you get put in bad situations, you think, ‘Why did I do that? Why was I driving drunk? Why did I have this? Why did I have that?' This is like, I'm walking down the street. Sometimes people stereotype you. I've been like that all my life. I think it makes you stronger and understand where you came from."
Advertisement
Where did the "How Does My Dirk Taste?" T-shirt come from?:
"After we won the championship, we are going to the locker room and I saw a guy with a shirt. We had the championship shirts and he wanted it. I said, ‘I'll switch out if you give me that one.' So we switched shirts. I didn't tell anybody I had it. The next day we woke up and I wore it on the plane and to the parade."
What's up with the 5-dollar bill tattoo on his neck?:
"I was going to get Martin Luther King and I told Gilbert Arenas. You should never tell anybody your idea. That summer, he came back and got it. So I didn't know who to get. I got Abraham Lincoln because he freed the slaves. I just had Abraham Lincoln and, from a distance, everybody kept saying, ‘Who is that?' So I put the five-dollar bill so everybody would stop asking me."
This post, written by Eric Schmoldt, appears courtesy of Sports Radio Interviews. For the complete highlights of the interview, as well as audio, click here.
Advertisement
More from Sports Radio Interviews
• Mike Scioscia thinks pansy catchers need to suck it up.
• Heath Evans would have sold his memorabilia too.
• Kenneth Faried wants to be like Dennis Rodman.
Marijuana research projects getting state funding
DENVER (AP) – Colorado awarded more than $8 million for medical marijuana research Wednesday, a step toward addressing complaints that little is known about pot's medical potential.
The grants awarded by the Colorado Board of Health will go to studies on whether marijuana helps treat epilepsy, brain tumors, Parkinson's disease and post-traumatic stress disorder. Some of the studies still need federal approval.
Though the awards are relatively small, they represent a new frontier for marijuana research. That's because the Colorado grants will be spent to explore the drug's medical potential, not the health downsides of marijuana.
“This is the first time we've had government money to look at the efficacy of marijuana, not the harms of marijuana,” said Dr. Suzanne Sisley, a Scottsdale, Arizona, psychiatrist who will help run a study on marijuana for veterans with PTSD. Sisley plans to do her research in private practice after previously working for the University of Arizona.
Federal approval to study marijuana's medical potential requires permission of the Food and Drug Administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the National Institute on Drug Abuse. And there's only one legal source of the weed, the Marijuana Research Project at the University of Mississippi.
Twenty-three states and Washington, D.C., allow marijuana use by people with various medical conditions. But under federal law, pot is considered a drug with no medical use and doctors cannot prescribe it.
Dr. Larry Wolk, Colorado's Chief Medical Officer, says the lack of research on marijuana's medical value leaves sick people guessing about how pot may help them and what doses to take.
“There's nowhere else in medicine where we give a patient some seeds and say, ‘Go grow this and process it and then figure out how much you need,'” Wolk said.
“We need research dollars so we can answer more questions.”
Three of the eight research projects, including the veterans study, will still need federal clearance and access to the Ole Miss marijuana. The other five are “observational studies,” meaning the subjects will be providing their own weed.
Among the projects poised for approval Wednesday:
– Two separate studies on using marijuana to treat post-traumatic stress disorder ($3.1 million)
– Whether adolescents and young adults with irritable bowel syndrome benefit from marijuana ($1.2 million)
– Using marijuana to relieve pain in children with brain tumors ($1 million)
– How an oil derived from marijuana plants affects pediatric epilepsy patients ($524,000)
– Comparing marijuana and oxycodone for pain relief ($472,000)
The money is coming from Colorado's medical marijuana patient fees, not Colorado's new taxes on recreational pot.
Last year, lawmakers authorized $10 million from reserves for “objective scientific research regarding the efficacy of marijuana and its component parts as part of medical treatment.”
A group of medical marijuana patients announced a lawsuit Wednesday challenging Colorado's marijuana research. They say Colorado's medical marijuana law requires excess cash to be refunded to patients who paid the fees, not diverted to other research.
Colorado received 57 applications for research grants. An advisory board whittled those to eight proposals totaling $7.6 million. The Board authorized the spending of up to $8.4 million, in case the projects run over budget.
One of the researchers poised to study marijuana and PTSD called the Colorado awards groundbreaking because the state is providing money without federal red tape.
“The opportunity in Colorado is an amazing one,” said Marcel Bonn-Miller, a psychiatrist with the University of Pennsylvania who leads the Substance Abuse and Anxiety Program for the U.S. Veterans Affairs Department. The VA is not participating directly in his marijuana studies.
Colorado has about 117,000 medical marijuana patients who pay $15 a year to be on the registry. The number has grown slightly since Colorado voted two years ago to make marijuana legal for recreational purposes, not just medical purposes.
Author: Associated Press
January 6, 2010
THE FALLOUT continues from D.C. Public Schools (DCPS) Chancellor Michelle Rhee's latest attack on public education, and there are signs that more attacks are in store.
On October 29, Rhee appeared at a City Council hearing to answer for her Reduction In Force (RIF) tactic, in which she fired 388 DCPS workers in early October, including 266 teachers. Outrage over the job cuts was widespread, and even spilled into the hearings. This has exacerbated a split between Rhee and the City Council over summer school funding, which the council advised be cut before any layoffs were made.
Council Chair Vincent Gray hinted at criminal neglect on the part of Rhee and Schools Chief Financial Officer Noah Wepman, asking, "Why bother to have a legislative body if the people in the executive branch do whatever they choose because they don't like the decision of the legislative branch?"
This question has been on the minds of many in the community since Mayor Adrian Fenty dissolved the school board and consolidated power over D.C. public education in the hands of himself and Rhee.
Teachers and community members protesting Rhee's October layoffs
Rhee stood by her decision, with the incredible claim that laying off teachers would have no effect on students. "I decided that, as unfortunate as the cut was, I'd rather see that cut happen to adults rather than children," Rhee said.
Does Rhee think that the many adults she fired do not have children--or that a student whose favorite subject is French is not affected when the class is no longer available?
THESE LATEST job cuts are already having a devastating impact. In certain schools, entire subjects will no longer be taught. Newer, inexperienced teachers will have to absorb a surplus of students, making it impossible for a healthy classroom environments to develop. At one high school in the Anacostia neighborhood, multiple special education teachers lost their jobs, meaning that the special education department is now made up almost entirely of first-year teachers from the Teach for America program.
Many of the individuals whose jobs were cut are Black teachers who were active in the Washington Teachers Union (WTU), whose contract was totally bypassed to implement the RIF. This has created a climate in which current DCPS teachers have been hesitant to go on record out of fear of reprisals from the chancellor.
As one teacher, who asked to remain anonymous, said, "In June, we will see if there really was a summer school budget crisis or if there were [other motives for the RIF]."
The WTU, despite calling a few small rallies and vigils, largely pursued a legal strategy of fighting Rhee in the courts to get the fired teachers' jobs back--a strategy that has now hit a wall. Just before Thanksgiving, the D.C. Superior Court ruled in favor of Rhee and against the WTU's lawsuit challenging the RIF.
Meanwhile, parents of students at Rose Hardy Middle School are concerned that their school might be next on the chopping block, after Rhee made public comments that she plans to "turn" the school. Of the 75 percent Black school, Rhee said, "It's not going to turn overnight, but I think the plan we're moving forward on is one that is really going to boost [the school as an] option. I think people will be incredibly pleased."
Yet according to last spring's standardized test scores, almost three-quarters of the school placed proficient or above in reading, and the fine arts and instrumental music program offered at Hardy is one of the best in the city. So many are wondering what the problem is, and what "plan" Rhee has in store.
Many Hardy parents and teachers feel that Rhee wants to change the demographic of a successful school to accommodate a small group of privileged parents. Keenan Keller, whose daughter attends seventh grade at Hardy, told the Washington Post, "If you're a civil rights lawyer, and you read that, you're asking, 'Turn from what to what? Turn from who to whom?'"
Already, public education in D.C. is more restricted than most places in the country. Washington is second only to New Orleans in the spread of charter schools, with 36 percent of all students attending charters. Higher public education is under attack as well, with D.C.'s Southeastern University losing its accreditation after 130 years serving low-income and international students. Tuition at the University of the District of Columbia increased 100 percent over the past two semesters.
The methods and procedures used to privatize education in the district, where one in six union members are teachers, are a blatant attack on our basic rights. These changes should be seen as what they are: an aggressive strike at poor and working-class people's education and the unions that protect our teachers, who are provided little more than scraps to educate our youth.
The resistance of D.C. teachers, parents and students will be crucial to making sure that Rhee doesn't get her way, and that education remains public here in the nation's capital. We need to organize and unite against these injustices, and never forget that education is a right, not a privilege.
Medicare and Medicaid savings that are key to achieving scoreable savings over the medium term but that by themselves would be unlikely to generate substantial long-term efficiency improvements in the health system, and "game-changers" that are unlikely to generate significant scoreable savings in the medium term but that are crucial to moving toward a health system that addresses the issues discussed in Atul Gawande's compelling New Yorker article. (These game changers include, among other steps, items such as patient-centered quality research and re-orienting financial incentives through bundling and payment for quality rather than quantity of services delivered. After attending innumerable meetings of the Institute of Medicine and other gatherings of health policy types, I believe we are aggressively pursuing virtually all the game changers that have been put on the table by analysts. If anyone has ideas for what we're not doing that could be done, please let me know! I also believe that since health care constantly evolves, it is impossible to specify today all the steps that will be necessary to reduce cost growth in a sustainable manner over the long term. Instead, cost containment must be a dynamic process, in which different processes are employed in an ongoing effort to make the system more efficient.)
What should not be overlooked in all these discussions of cost containment measures, however, are the backstop fiscal constraints we are demanding of a plan in the short to medium term: We are insisting that health reform be deficit neutral even over the next five to 10 years, through scoreable offsets such as savings within Medicare and Medicaid and (as necessary) additional revenue.
This belt-and-suspenders approach means we are not just banking on the long-term impact from the game changers to protect the budget. We also are demanding quantifiable cuts, efficiencies, and revenue-raisers so that the budget is not adversely impacted in the medium-term. That is to say, if the long-term savings from the game-changers materialize as expected, we wind up with a more efficient health care system and a better fiscal position. If they don't, then at worst, we have a deficit-neutral plan that will not worsen our fiscal situation.
This isn't the "voodoo economics" of supply-side tax cuts – not only because of the weak empirical basis for the claims behind such tax cuts, but also because proponents of supply-side economics were not willing to offset the cost of tax cuts through hard, verifiable offsets in the medium-term. Our approach, by contrast, not only attempts to address the key forces behind inefficiencies and rising costs in our health care system, but is also backstopped by hard-headed budget accounting and clear-eyed fiscal discipline.
The insurance lobby has had multiple tactics for stopping the public option idea, which they despise because they know if regular folks have choice to go to a public option, insurance companies won't have the same ability to treat their customers like garbage when they get sick. The first tactic was just to try to kill the public option outright, and the good news is that they appear to have failed at that. This so-called trigger proposal is the second tactic: the idea is to write a "trigger" that will allow for a public option only under certain conditions, but write the legislation so that those conditions would never get met in the real world. It's a classic DC tactic, right up there with calling for a commission to study something. Olympia Snowe is carrying the insurance industry water on their trigger proposal, proposing triggers that would only get tripped in some fairyland none of us have ever visited.
The great thing for the insurance companies in a tactic like this is that it gives "centrist" Senators (centrist in Washington, DC usually means those who have taken massive amounts of campaign contributions from the affected industry) an excuse to help the insurance industry while looking like they are open to the public option that their constituents have been demanding.
Barack Obama and Democrats in Congress have gotten some good things done so far, and are building real momentum in getting us moving in the right direction on health care. But if conservative Democrats force the adoption of the trigger, it will destroy Democratic unity and doom health care reform, because progressives will start attacking Democrats rather than insurance companies. We really are at a critical moment.
The only committee seriously considering the trigger turkey is the Senate Finance Committee, whose members average several hundred thousand a piece in insurance industry contributions. If you care about getting true health care reform, now is the time to make your voice heard: call the Senate Finance Committee members and tell them "NO to a trigger."
Rick Scott is one pissed off, angry, right-wing sociopath-- and he's all over my TV. I don't watch much but every time I turn on CNN on come the transparent distortions from Rick Scott's swiftboat operation, CPR, the acronym for a Republican Party front group calling itself Conservatives for Patients Rights. But if recent history is any clue to what they arefor it's clearly one thing: cheating Americans out of health care reform-- and they're spending millions of dollars in the attempt.The ads purport to show a series of horror stories about people living in countries with universal health care. I've lived and worked in both Canada and England and used the health care system in both. As a former corporate president I have pretty sterling health insurance here in the U.S. I found the U.K. systembetter. Scott's TV ads paint the U.K. system so that it sounds nearly as bad as the system everyone in America actually does hate. Oddly, in each vignette his ads highlight, there's a portayal that sounds as though it's a story we've all heard a dozen times from friends, family and co-workers about the private insurance everyone detests. And know one knows more about this inadequate system than Rick Scott himself, who has been one of the pre-eminent creators of a health care company widely acknowledged to be the McDonald's of medical care.And that brings us back to why Scott is so pissed off, so angry and a dangerous sociopath. He builds his hellish empire, Columbia Health Care, and was caught cheating, lying, stealing, fined $1.7 billion and forced to resign. Watch this short film that explains exactly who Rick Scott is and think about it next time you see one of those swiftboat ads he's running:Yesterday Rasmussen released a poll that shows 62% of Americans still believe that our ongoing economic problems were caused by the Bush Regime. Public trust in the Obama Administration to do the right thing is still running very high. And there's no one inside the administration who I trust more on health care than OMB Director Peter Orszag, who has been tasked with making sure Obama's reforms are within the boundaries of fiscal discipline . Yesterday he talked about how the administration's cost containment falls into two categories:I can't help but wonder, though, what all the reasonableness is going to mean up against corporate shill like Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Mitch McConnell (R-KY), Jon Kyl (R-AZ), John Cornyn (R-TX), Richard Burr (R-NC), Max Baucus (D-MT), Ben Nelson (D-NE), Arlen Specter (R-D-PA), and the two kooks each from Oklahoma, Idaho, Wyoming, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia, Utah and Arkansas who are not thinking about anything that benefits their constituents, only about how to serve the special interests who have bankrolled their careers in politics. Rachel Maddow explained Rick Scott's role in the health care battle a couple weeks ago.Hard to imagine Obama and the Democrats would let the Insurance Industry roll over them on the #1 issue in America-- but, as much as it pains me to say so, the Democrats really are as useless and craven as the Republicans. Mike Lux, author ofunderstands better than most what a catastrophe this would be for the progressive cause. He explains over atwhat the GOP front groups are up to and how the Insurance Industry plans to win the existential battle over health care reform. The fate of the entire health care debate rests on a debate raging in the incredibly corrupt Senate over a so-called "trigger mechanism" for having a public option in health care insurance.
Labels: health insurance, Rick Scott, universal health care
Citizen returned last year with the underrated Everybody Is Going to Heaven (Run for Cover), which basically introduced a Jesus Lizard influence to the modern pop punk world. Now frontman Mat Kerekes is releasing a new solo album, Luna & the Wild Blue Everything, this Friday (8/26) and it's got him taking a much different approach. Like a lot of young emo fans do, he credits Third Eye Blind as an influence, and his love of '90s mallternative rock definitely comes through here. Mat played everything himself, except some percussion by producer Will Yip and violin. There's also guest vocals by Anthony Green on “Direction.” A full stream of the album premieres right here:
You can pre-order the album here. Mat's also touring with Anthony Green, and those dates are listed below.
UPDATE: Mat is also headlining NYC's Studio at Webster Hall on January 14.
—
Mat Kerekes — 2016 Tour Dates
Sept 7@ Masquerade – Atlanta, GA
Sept 8 @The Social – Orlando, FL
Sept 9 @ Culture Room – Ft. Lauderdale, FL
Sept 10 @ The Orpheum – Tampa, FL
Sept 12 @ House of Rock – Corpus Christi, TX
Sept 13 @ Sons of Hermann Hall – Dallas, TX
Sept 14 @ Mohawk – Austin, TX
Sept 17 @ The Observatory – Santa Ana, CA
Sept 18 @ Quartyard – San Diego, CA
Sept 19 @ The Teragram Ballroom – Los Angeles, CA
Sept 21 @ Oakland Metro Operahouse – Oakland, CA
Sept 23 @ The Summit Music Hall – Denver, CO
Sept 25 @ The Bottom Lounge – Chicago, IL
Sept 26 @ Saint Andrew's Hall – The Shelter – Detroit, MI
Sept 27 @ A&R Music Bar – Columbus, OH
Sept 29 @ Mr. Smalls Theatre- Pittsburgh, PA
Oct 1 @ Union Transfer – Philadelphia, PA
all dates with Anthony Green
In a boon for pain research, American and Italian scientists say they have found a new drug that allows a marijuana-like substance to control pain at a specific site in the body. Their study suggests cannabinoid compounds could be used in new pain medications that are non-addictive and non-sedative, unlike opiates.
The drug works by blocking an enzyme that degrades a compound called anandamide, whose name comes from the Sanskrit word for "bliss." Anandamide exists naturally in humans and is chemically similar to THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. It was thought to work only in the brain, but with the new drug, URB937, anandamide works in peripheral tissues, too.
Led by Daniele Piomelli, director of the Center for Drug Discovery at the University of California-Irvine, teams from the Italian universities of Urbino and Parma gave the URB937 drug to rats and mice. It suppresses an enzyme called FAAH, which boosts the amount of anandamide. It doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier, but it still does lessen pain at the site of an injury, the researchers say.
Anandamide is part of the endocannabinoid system, which is involved in modulating appetite, pain, mood and memory. (The name is derived from the system's involvement in responding to THC.) Blocking FAAH can have the same pain-mitigation effects without generating a marijuana high, according to a UC-Irvine news release.
Only a handful of states allow marijuana to be used for medicinal purposes, one of which is modulating pain. So a drug that enhances the body's natural cannabinoid compounds could be helpful for millions of patients.
Or they could just move to Denver.
Torture is AWESOME! Just ignore those crazy WW2 vets. They only had to contend with Nazi Germany and the Japanese Empire. These guys have BOX KNIVES! They live in CAVES! They're way more hardcore.
Dick Cheney admits on camera to ordering the torture of prisoners in U.S. custody on multiple occasions - in violation of international law, national law, and the U.S. constitution. According to United States Federal law, each instance is a felony offense punishable by decades in prison.
Dick Cheney just stated on national TV - boldly, unapologetically, directly to our faces - that the Vice President is above the law.
Holy shit.
"But where says some is the king of America? I'll tell you friend, he reigns above, and doth not make havoc of mankind like the royal brute of Britain. ... so far as we approve of monarchy, that in America the law is king."
- Thomas Paine
... so much for that. The rule of law in America is dead.
"The executive shall never exercise the legislative and judicial powers, or either of them, to the end that it may be a government of laws and not men."
"There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty."
"Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide."
- John Adams
"All men having power ought to be mistrusted."
"If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy."
"We are right to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties."
"The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home."
"The accumulation ... Read Moreof all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed, or elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny."
- James Madison
"As the executive acts outside its constitutionally prescribed role and is able to control access to information that would expose its actions, it becomes increasingly difficult for the other branches to police it. Once that ability is lost, democracy itself is threatened and we have become a government of men and not laws."
- Al Gore
"The very ... Read Morecore of liberty secured by our Anglo-Saxon system of separated powers has been freedom from indefinite imprisonment at the will of the Executive."
- Antonin Scalia
"Those who seek absolute power, even though they seek it to do what they regard as good, are simply demanding the right to enforce their own version of heaven on earth. And let me remind you, they are the very ones who always create the most hellish tyrannies. Absolute power does corrupt, and those who seek it must be suspect and must be opposed."
- Barry Goldwater
"Go fuck yourself."
- Dick Cheney
Torture is merely a "controversial interrogation tactic" now, according to our pussy media journalists who confuse reporting substansive objective inquiry with regurgitating government propaganda and the false compromise fallacy.
One of our most awesome theme and plugin is the LearnPress LMS and Education WP Theme (Eduma). Up to now, LearnPress is the only WordPress LMS that has more than 10,000+ active installations. Meanwhile, Eduma is the year's best-selling education WordPress theme on ThemeForest with 3,300 satisfied customers from schools and universities.
Eduma is an attractive and incredibly slick education theme that shows a professional look and feels. Besides, it is easy to use and highly customizable with the drag and drops page builder. The idea is that Eduma users wouldn't need to worry much about technical issues of the theme, just install and run, you are good to go!
For that reason, many of our customers have made amazingly awesome websites of their own with the theme and that has greatly given us a lot of inspiration and motivation in upgrading, improving the theme and the LMS plugin.
Below is the list of 20 best schools, universities and educational institutions that have made great use of Eduma that we would love to share with you.
If you have built one and would like to appear on the list, please share with us. In case you have any difficulties in using and installing Eduma, please watch this Video documentation, or join our Forum Support, or directly email us at … to let us assist you in dealing with the problem.
If you want to build your dream school, your dream eLearning and Online Course website, why not take a look at our demos and buy the theme now!
LearnPress WordPress LMS | Education WP Theme
Summer In Oxford – Oriel College – University of Oxford
Ohio Young Black Democrats
Institute of Preventive Cardiology – MIPC
ORGANIZATION OF WOUND CARE NURSES
Bennett.Edu – Bennett College
Raffles International Institute
Bossmergingleaders – The University of Sydney – Business School
Bigsuccess
IOA Joinville – Instituto Odontológico das Américas
Reinhard College – School of Worship & Prophetic Ministry
Preston Kanak Online courses & Training platform
SellPress.RU
Fondazione San Benedetto – Educazione, libertà e sviluppo
Fondazione San Benedetto – Educazione, libertà e sviluppo
Specchio Magico Kindergarten
Artivist. RO
The Welding Academy
Study Naval Academy
Ethos – Transforming Education
Academic Progress
ManagerT
This is only a little of Education WP website community. Beside awesome frontend, they also have powerful Learning Management System with LearnPress. Let us know if you are one of our community!
I really struggled with this blog post because…I wanted it to be perfect. The irony! As one of my creative writing teachers told us, just write “s&!%, s&!%, s&!%” over and over and over if that's what you must do to get words onto the page (or screen).
Like perfection, the zero in zero waste can be paralyzing. It's so absolute and unforgiving. But remember calculus class—you never actually reach zero. My calculus professor explained it this way: You walk toward a wall. If you cut your distance in half each time you walk toward the wall, the distance to the wall grows infinitesimally smaller and smaller. But it will never reach zero. The distance to the wall will only approach zero.
I hope these ideas help you both approach zero waste and retain your sanity.
1. Do start small
With a new diet, if you starve yourself, you set yourself up for failure—and weight gain. Eliminating your waste cold turkey can also lead to frustration and failure. You may feel overwhelmed with the new regimen or not start at all, and just give up and start eating fast food for breakfast, lunch and dinner (which also leads to weight gain).
Instead, start small. Take a reusable cup to the cafe, start shopping at the farmer's market where you'll likely find lots of produce without plastic packaging or try to make one meal a day plastic-free. Then, take another step. Here are some more ideas to get started.
2. Do something
For some, the goal of perfection—and our inherent inability to reach it—can serve as an argument for doing nothing. No, I can't fix the plastic problem in our oceans but I can do my best to avoid worsening it by making different choices and avoiding consuming plastic. As a bonus, these alternatives almost always have other beneficial side-effects. Food that I cook myself tastes much better than processed food-like products packaged in plastic. I eat a healthier diet—because when you cut the plastic you eat real food—and I rarely get sick. Saving and freezing my vegetable scraps to make broth saves money.
3. Do experiment
We have abandoned many skills. Part of this comes from the fact that schools stopped teaching subjects like carpentry, gardening, cooking and sewing. This lack of skills has rendered us helpless and dependent on corporations to fulfill almost all of our desires and needs—and that convenience contributes to waste probably more than anything else. The maker movement is changing this situation though. Rather than passively consume, a growing number of people want to be active makers. So try stuff (if you want to), like making your own yogurt, mending a pair of pants or growing a tomato plant. What's the worse that can happen? You might waste some milk, jab yourself with a sewing needle or get your hands dirty.
4. Don't feel you have to do everything yourself
I happen to enjoy cooking from scratch—and eating the end result. That's just how I am—completely obsessed with food. Everyone is different. You may not want to bake bread. And even if you do want to, you may not have time. You can just buy the bread. It's okay. At many bakeries, you can bring your own cloth bag to buy loose, unpackaged bread. I do this sometimes for my younger daughter. She dislikes my “sourdough hippie bread.” A rebellious teenager, she has also taught herself how to make white bread using commercial yeast. Farming out the work to your family is a good option if you want to eat more food made from scratch.
I also enjoy making stuff. I have since I was a little kid. Again, that's just me. Whenever I post pictures of my very basic cloth produce bags, people always ask where they can buy similar bags. Not everyone knows how to sew or wants to know how to sew or has the time to sew. Just buy the stuff. You can buy cloth produce bags from Life Without Plastic, from an Etsy shop or at some grocery stores. For my daughter's summer job, she plans on making reusable cloth produce bags and embroidering the tare on them. I'll sell them on here. That's our plan anyway…summer is quickly approaching…
5. Don't feel you have to give up activities you love
Speaking of makers, to create stuff, you usually have to own a bunch of stuff and many hobbies are inherently messy. You need tools or equipment or materials, and to create something such as pottery or paintings or sculpture, you first have to roll around in the chaos and get dirty. If you go zero waste, you don't have to stop doing things you enjoy—within reason. If you love to make figurines out of rhinoceros horn, please stop.
6. Don't feel you have to buy a bunch of stuff
You'll need some equipment to get stared on the zero-waste path: glass jars, reusable shopping and produce bags, lunch containers, reusable water bottles, cloth napkins and so on. However, if you turn zero-waste living into another consumer lifestyle, you sort of defeat the purpose. We can't shop our way out of global warming.
Try to make do with what you have on hand before you buy all new stuff. For example, instead of buying a new to-go fork, you could just take a fork out of the kitchen drawer. Who doesn't have a fork? Matching jars look nice but they cost a fortune. I've found so many flip-top jars at thrift shops, I probably need a crazy jar lady intervention at this point. That is if it were possible to have too many jars…which it is not…
I still have some plastic items in my kitchen that I use—a large tupperware container, my food processor, and several glass pyrex dishes with plastic lids. I'm not going to toss them in the trash. My goal is to not buy any new plastic.
7. Do accept that sometimes you'll have to compromise
If you live with other people who don't share your zeal for reducing your waste, you'll have to make compromises. Unless you actually enjoy conflict. In that case, fight with your husband over using bar shampoo if that's your cup of tea.
My younger daughter feels much less enthusiastic about all of this than I (but she hardly complains either). No way will she wash her hair with baking soda (although she does like a vinegar rinse…so eventually maybe she will try the no-poo method). Choose your battles. I want my kids to require as little therapy as possible.
8. Don't compare yourself to others
This has always been difficult for people and it has only intensified with social media. Like anything else, social media has its good and bad aspects. On the one hand, we can share information and organize like never before. On the other hand, we are constantly bombarded with stylized images of unobtainable perfection—bodies, families, vacation spots, food porn, minimalism.
Social media can become like an arms war of images—I see your spartan white backdrop with a loaf of homemade sourdough bread and raise you two sourdough loaves I made with my hand-ground home-grown wheat and baked in a solar oven that I built from reclaimed materials. Which brings me to the next point…
9. Do remember: zero waste isn't a contest
Reducing your waste, cutting your carbon footprint, living more sustainably—they can become a grand you're-not-doing-enough-look-at-me competition. If you have reduced your waste to zero, good for you. Try to inspire others rather than judge or preach. No one wants to listen to proselytizing. On the left, some of us attack each other over small differences—and give the right—which sticks together seemingly no matter what happens—ammunition with which to attack us. We all want the same thing—a better environment, the mitigation of climate chaos, a livable world. We have to work together.
10. Do what you can
I am not a huge consumer but I do need to eat so before I cut the trash, most of my waste came from the kitchen. Here in Northern California, I can shop at fantastic farmer's markets year-round and buy my produce unpackaged, bulk bins abound and some grocery stores here actually encourage shoppers to bring their own reusable containers. I don't find living zero waste all that difficult here. (Plus I can wear flip-flops almost every day…)
However, I regularly get comments from people who live in the UK (and elsewhere, but a disproportionate number from the UK…) saying that they don't have bulk bins they can shop from. You have to eat. Just do your best. I wrote about some shopping strategies for areas with limited choices in a post “Good, Better, Best Zero-Waste Shopping.”
Even if you do have access to bulk olive oil and you choose to buy it in a bottle at the grocery store—maybe you like the flavor better, it costs less or you simply want it—don't beat yourself up over it.
11. Confession is for Catholics
(I was raised a hardcore Catholic so I can say this…)
This goes back to the previous point. Do what you can. I get comments regularly from people who feel that they fall short because they don't bake their own bread, they buy canned beans, or they recently ate a chocolate wrapped in a piece of plastic.
Not coincidentally, about 85 percent of my followers are women (you learn a lot about your followers' demographics when you manage a Facebook page, something you might want to keep in mind before you go on there next…). We women (and society in general) are too hard on ourselves. I don't want to add to that pressure. I'm glad we have consciences but if you aim for perfection, you might lose your mind. Or develop OCD. Or both.
Of course, if confessing makes you feel better, by all means do it. Break any of these “rules” as you like.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
Pocket
WhatsApp
Skype
LinkedIn
Email
Pink Mafia unavailable for comment.
Via MEMRI:
On December 11, 2013, the Supreme Court (SC) of India struck down a lower court decision to decriminalize gay sex, thereby upholding the 153-year-old colonial-era Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code which punishes gay couples with a 10-year prison term. The judgment came on a petition to which several Islamic and Hindu religious groups were party. The SC pointed out that it was the government of India that had to pass legislation in order to remove Section 377.
On December 20, the Indian media reported that an Islamic cleric of the Barelvi school of Sunni Islam based in the northern Indian town of Bareilly had issued a fatwa against both homosexuality and heterosexual cohabitation, calling such relationships anti-Islam and stipulating punishments for gay couples such as stoning and burning.
The fatwa was issue by Mohammad Afzaal Rizwi, the mufti (a scholar qualified to issue a fatwa) who is based at the Darul Uloom Ifta at Bareilly. Fatwas are legal advisory opinion in Islam, usually delivered in response to a question. Rizwi's fatwa came in response to a query by Akhlaq Ahmed Siddiqui Noori, who sought clarification on the issue.
“The mufti has cited two hadiths (teachings of the Prophet Mohammed) from the Koran as a premise for his fatwa. As per Hadith Dur-re-Mukhtar, such acts could attract severe punishment, he said. ‘A person may be burned alive, pushed from a high wall, or beaten publicly with stones if he indulges into either of the two behaviors,' the fatwa states.
Keep reading…
Enlarge Image Victoria Webster/Case Western Reserve University
Watch out for our new roboslug overlords. Researchers at Case Western Reserve University have created a robot made from the muscle of a sea slug in a flexible 3D-printed polymer body. It's just under 5 centimeters (2 inches) long, but the little robot has big implications.
"We're building a living machine -- a biohybrid robot that's not completely organic -- yet," lead researcher and Ph.D. student Victoria Webster said in a statement.
The team wanted a robot that's pliant, as opposed to the rigidity of actuators. This is where muscle is superior. It also carries its own fuel source, and has a much higher power-to-weight ratio. And the sea slug is adaptable. It can handle changes in temperature, salinity and other environmental variables like depth pressure.
After experimenting with using cells, the team built the robot using the entire buccal mass, or I2 muscle, from the mouth of the California sea slug and a soft polymer body. When an external electric field is applied, the muscle expands and contracts, moving the robot's arms.
It's early days. Currently the robot can only move 4 millimeters per minute (0.15 inches). But the team already has plans to build a more sophisticated version using ganglia, the nerve and neuron bundles that conduct signals from the brain to the muscles.
"With the ganglia, the muscle is capable of much more complex movement, compared to using a manmade control, and it's capable of learning," Webster said.
At the lab of Ozan Akkus, professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering and director of the CWRU Tissue Fabrication and Mechanobiology Lab, the team also used collagen from the slug's skin to create a scaffold that could be used in place of the polymer body for a fully organic robot.
"When we integrate the muscle with its natural biological structure, it's hundreds to thousands times better," Akkus explained.
In the future, robots such as these could be used in environmental surveillance, and search missions in places such as the ocean. Because they're organic, they could be inexpensive to produce, and would not provide additional pollutants to the environment if they couldn't be recovered.
The truth is our economic problems stem from the biggest concentration of income and wealth at the top since 1928, combined with stagnant incomes for most of the rest of us. The result: Americans no longer have the purchasing power to keep the economy going at full capacity. Since the debt bubble burst, most Americans have had to reduce their spending; they need to repay their debts, can't borrow as before, and must save for retirement.
The short-term solution is for government to counteract this shortfall by spending more, not less. The long-term solution is to spread the benefits of economic growth more widely (for example, through a more progressive income tax, a larger EITC, an exemption on the first $20K of income from payroll taxes and application of payroll taxes to incomes over $250K, stronger unions, and more and better investments in education and infrastructure.)
But instead of telling the truth, Obama has legitimized the Big Lie by freezing non-defense discretionary spending, freezing federal pay, touting his deficit commission co-chairs' recommended $3 of spending cuts for every dollar of tax increase, and agreeing to extending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy.
Will Obama stand up to the Big Lie? Will he use his State of the Union address to rebut it and tell the truth? Maybe, but so far there's no evidence.
In his weekly address this weekend, the President restated his “commitment” for 2011 “to do everything I can to make sure our economy is growing, creating jobs, and strengthening our middle class.” He added that it's important “to look ahead – not just to this year, but to the next 10 years, and the next 20 years” to find ways to stimulate the economy through innovation. And that it is critical that the U.S. discover ways to “out-compete other countries around the world.”
Become more innovative? Out-compete? Who or what is he talking about? Big American corporations are innovating like mad all over the world, with research and development centers in China and India. And their profits are soaring. They're sitting on almost $1 trillion of cash. But they won't create jobs in America because there's not enough demand here to justify them.
In the Republican address in response, U.S. Senator-elect Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) restated the Big Lie. “The American people sent us to Congress with clear instructions: make government smaller, not bigger,” she said. Deficit reduction “isn't a Republican problem or a Democrat problem — it's an American problem that will require tough decision-making from both parties.” And the way to shrink the deficit is to cut government. The extension of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts over the next two years, she said, was an “important first step” to jump-start the economy.
Starting Wednesday, when the 112th Congress convenes with a Republican majority in the House, we'll be hearing far more of the Big Lie.
George Orwell once explained that when a public is stressed and confused, a Big Lie told repeatedly can become the accepted truth. Adolph Hitler wrote in Mein Kampf that “the size of the lie is a definite factor in causing it to be believed” and that members of the public are “more easily prey to a big lie than a small one, for they themselves often tell little lies but would be ashamed to tell big ones.”
Only the President has the bully pulpit. But will he use it to tell the Big Truth?
Robert Reich
Republished with permission from Robert Reich's Blog.
Written by: Hamzah Moin
A fringe Christian group from Florida is dismayed at how poorly their planned Burn a Quran Day ended up turning out. “This was the worst book burning event in history,” said book burning enthusiast Jen Kennedy, “Almost as bad as the time we burned ‘Book Burning for Dummies'”
Pastor Terry Jones has stated that he intended for his church group to burn copies of the Holy Quran on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. “Islam is a religion of the devil and we need to burn the books of the devil.” When pressed with the fact that most devils would enjoy things being burned he said “go to hell”.
Unfortunately for Pastor Terry, the book burning event turned out to be a colossal disaster. “I took out three copies of the Koran from the library and set ‘em ablaze and now they're hitting me with this huge overdue fine that I can't repay. I owe the library $600″.
Other burn-enthusiasts couldn't tell the difference between Arabic and other languages and ended up burning Hindi translations of Dr. Seuss books. “It looked like the Koran to me.” said John Cleaver. Arabic translations of the Twilight series, Goosebumps and the Bible were also accidentally burned. “I don't think burning Twilight was an accident.”
Surprisingly, some Muslims are enjoying the event. “I don't think they've figured out that burning is a respectful way of disposing anything that has Allah's name written on it,” said Abdul Akbar Khan, owner of Taqwa Islamic Bookstore, “Besides, my sales have gone up 300%…I've completely sold out of all my copies of the Qur'an. For every book they buy and burn, I can reprint three more copies.”
According to Pastor Terry, he was astonished when someone told him about the 500-year old invention of the printing press and didn't know about things like “mass publication”. “I didn't think they could reprint copies of the Qur'an that fast… aren't they all written by hand?”
Other angry burn-enthusiasts were shocked when they found out that the Qur'an is replicated digitally on the internet and would be impossible to get rid of completely. “Things got really out of hand when people started taking their computers and burning them too” said Cleaver. Half the crowd had fainted due to the fumes of the burning computers.
Things took a turn for the worst when people told the book burners that millions of Muslims have in fact memorized the entire Qur'an. “I heard it's illegal to burn people so we had to stop the event because it was getting lame” said Terry, who ended up burning his wallet because it was made in Saudi Arabia.
Comments
comments
0
This weekend saw the release of Nicolas Winding Refn‘s The Neon Demon in a limited capacity, and the numbers are not looking very good. Five years after Drive turned out to be a massive critical success and a notable sleeper hit, Refn now has a lot more creative freedom. Following the largely dismissed Only God Forgives and the heavily mixed reaction to The Neon Demon, however, that might not be true in the coming years.
He's already lined up a French mini-series about an elite police squad as his next project, but beyond that, only rumors and vague expressions of interest have pointed at what the Danish filmmaker's next feature will be. There was talk of him manning a remake of Maniac Cop, the cult 1980s horror movie, and he's also attached to an Asian-set thriller written by former James Bond scribes, which would but him in the same wheelhouse as Only God Forgives. And just this week, he expressed interest in a far bigger property, one that happens to be under the DC Comics banner. According to Business Insider, Refn said he'd love to direct a big budget studio movie of any sort, but is especially interested in the story of Barbara Gordon, known by most as Batgirl. Here's exactly what he said about comic-book adaptations:
“God, I would love to make one, it would probably be great fun…I just don't know when it's going to happen. I very much enjoy my freedom creatively, but I also would love to make one of those big Hollywood films that costs a lot of money and has a lot of people running around with cell phones and all that insanity…What ones are left? You know the one I want to do? I want to make Batgirl. Let's get Warner working on it.”
Mind you, this is not the first comic book movie that Refn has shown interest in. Way back when, around the time Drive came out, there was talk of him being the man behind the camera on Wonder Woman, but that never panned out, obviously. Batgirl is exactly the kind of movie he'd be able to turn into his own movie; it's a minor enough title that DC and Warner Bros. could give him a little more creative freedom to give the film its own look and feeling. And for those who have seen The Neon Demon, you'll know that the man has a unique way of highlighting his female leads, giving a brilliant actress like Elle Fanning space to express her character's inner life without slowing down the film itself. There would also be a need for a happy-ish ending, which would be a nice challenge for Refn, whose cynicism has often been the most irksome part of his films.
But then, as he points out, who knows when a project like this would be in contention, and lord knows if anyone will want to hand him the keys to a franchise after the not-so-great fiscal performances of Only God Forgives and The Neon Demon. I hope someone does, either for Batgirl or another big property, and honestly, Elle Fanning could be great as Gordon, depending on the overall tone of this hugely speculative project.
Lauren Jauregui has revealed how she was advised to keep her sexuality secret in the early days of Fifth Harmony.
The US singer says many LGBTQ+ stars don't reveal their sexuality due to fear of losing fans.
Lauren came out as bisexual in an open letter to Donald Trump shortly after he was elected US president in 2016.
In a new interview, she also says people are still not comfortable seeing her kiss her girlfriend.
"A lot of artists are held back by the notion that they'll lose their fan base or alienate themselves," Lauren tells Out magazine, while talking about sexuality.
Friends and family would tell me to keep it to myself Lauren Jauregui Fifth Harmony
"Even friends and family would tell me to keep it to myself. But the more I thought about it, the more I was like, 'Why?'"
Lauren, who is part Cuban and part American, says she believes people are more willing to watch violence than they are to accept same-sex couples.
"People still talk [rubbish]," she says.
"But it's like, 'Why does it make you feel gross? You can watch a kid get bombed and not do anything about it, but you can't watch me kiss my girlfriend?'"
Lauren also says she's disappointed she labelled herself as bisexual when she came out, insisting that she is "a free spirit".
In the interview, Lauren also discusses her same-sex duet with Halsey, called Strangers, in which she touches on the shame LGBTQ+ people can feel.
"To me the song is culturally valuable because people are feeling so invalidated and distant from themselves, like they should be ashamed of who they are," she says.
Warning: Third party content may contain adverts
"It's good to be an anarchist and just love yourself. That's the most rebellious thing you can do right now."
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
CEO compensation has increased by 937 percent over the last three decades, according to a new study. The rise compares with a dismal 10.2 percent hike for the average U.S. worker over the same time frame, putting into stark contrast the relative fortunes of the superrich and everyday employees in an increasingly economically divided America.
The report, released by the Economic Policy Institute on Thursday, found that average CEO compensation, which includes stock bonuses, was $15.2 million in 2013, up 2.8 percent from 2012 and 21.7 percent since 2010. That increase follows a trend since 1978 of CEO pay outpacing other economic growth factors. EPI says the 937 percent rise in pay is more than double the rate that the stock market grew in the same years.
The mismatched pace between CEOs and the typical worker means that CEOs earned on average $295 for every dollar their employees earned in 2013.
The report is based on an analysis of a database of CEO pay for the largest 350 public companies in the U.S. from 1978 to 2013.
Numerous studies have outlined the growing divide between America's rich and poor, in which stock prices continue to climb past their pre-recession peaks, even as tens of millions struggle to make ends meet.
EPI's report shows that CEOs are not only pulling away from average workers, but from other highly paid ones as well. Research found that average CEO pay was 4.75 times greater in 2012 than the typical earnings of others within the top 0.1 percent of the economy, suggesting that CEO compensation has been untied from the market forces governing the vast majority of American workers, even those making millions a year.
Despite the continued increase in pay since 2010, average CEO pay is still lower than it was in 2000, right before 2001's stock market crash, and lower than in 2007, when it averaged $18.5 million, right before the global economic crisis.
The study's authors posit that the continued rise in CEO pay has dramatic consequences for inequality in the U.S. They say that because the highest-paid CEOs tend to pay their executives more while keeping worker pay stagnant, increases in CEO pay drive wealth to the top 1 percent of earners. And because top earners tend to invest in the stock market, increasing CEO pay can also further concentrate wealth in assets that will never be accessible to average Americans.
“It is sometimes thought that the rise of CEO compensation is a symbolic issue and does not have consequences for the vast majority [of people],” the authors wrote. “However, escalating CEO compensation and, correspondingly, executive compensation more generally, have fueled the growth of the top 1 percent.”
Richard Spencer (Facebook)
A Yale political scientist urged Democrats to keep hammering away at President Donald Trump's white nationalist ties as a threat to national security.
Trump's election has been accompanied by bomb threats called in to hundreds of synagogues and mosques, and the recent killing of an Indian man by a xenophobic white man, with almost no reaction by the president, wrote John Stoehr, a Yale lecturer and contributing editor for U.S. News & World Report.
“The fact remains that most Americans are immune to the dangers, or blind to the existence, of white nationalism,” Stoehr wrote. “They are white. Because it takes majorities to win in politics, the Democrats will need to convince a majority that white nationalism poses a clear and present danger to all. Thanks to Trump's incompetence, the task is made less challenging.”
Stoehr linked Trump's rise to white nationalist leaders in other nations, which he linked to Russia's influence.
“After the global recession, and after decades of feeling the shame of a fallen superpower, Russia began poking the West's socioeconomic soft spots,” Stoehr wrote.
The Kremlin has funded right-wing parties in European nations struggling with refugee crises and escalated the Syrian civil war, Stoehr wrote, and used disinformation campaigns to promote white nationalist themes and weaken Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
“Russia is puny, economically and militarily,” Stoehr wrote. “But a country does not have to be strong to injure us in small devious ways: by eroding trust in democratic institutions, by inflaming racial hatreds, by exploiting the warped thinking of a major political party.”
He pointed to Rep. Steve King (R-IA), who has promoted anti-immigrant and other racist ideas for years but recently drew widespread attention, and the praise of neo-Nazi Richard Spencer, for a nakedly white supremacist tweet backing the far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders — another favorite of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“Trump's policies will quicken climate change, worsen global inequities and divide the U.S. from its European allies,” Stoehr said. “If you're a weak power destabilizing a superpower from the inside without arousing suspicion, you win, bigly.”
He said Democrats must explain that Trump's white nationalist allies are doing Putin's bidding, and show the danger their hateful rhetoric and actions present to the U.S.
“The Democrats have only begun using language to suggest we were attacked during the election by a hostile foreign power,” Stoehr said. “They have not yet made explicit the connection between that hostile foreign power and home-grown white nationalists who are rotting America from the inside, a rot our enemies would like to see grow. When they make the connection, the Democrats may end up convincing a majority that white nationalism is a threat to national security.”
(Reuters) - The New Jersey Assembly voted on Monday to ban so-called conversion therapy, taking a step toward becoming the second U.S. state to prohibit licensed therapists from counseling gay and lesbian youths to change their sexual orientation
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie speaks during the Clinton Global Initiative America meeting in Chicago, Illinois, June 14, 2013. REUTERS/John Gress
The bill passed by a 56-14 vote, with seven abstentions, and it was expected to be adopted by the state Senate in a vote on Thursday.
Governor Chris Christie in March said he opposed the practice of conversion therapy, but on Monday his office declined to comment on whether he would sign or veto the bill.
If enacted, the measure would ban therapists or social workers from performing therapy that aims to change the sexual orientation of patients under age 18.
Currently, California is the only U.S. state to outlaw the practice. But, a federal appeals court has put that law's implementation on hold while it weighs the issue.
The New Jersey vote comes a week after Exodus International, a U.S. Christian group that once promoted conversion therapy, closed its doors. Operating since 1976, Exodus was affiliated with roughly 260 ministries across North America.
The New Jersey legislation would not ban conversion therapy by religious counselors.
Ross Murray, a spokesman for gay rights group GLAAD, said minors are often forced to go into therapy by their parents who may feel guilt or shame.
“Those who promote such programs advocate that gay and lesbian people are somehow “broken” and need fixing, which is not the case,” he said.
The legislation cites American Psychiatric Association studies that found sexual orientation is determined at birth.
“The potential risks of reparative therapy are great, including depression, anxiety and self-destructive behavior, since therapist alignment with societal prejudices against homosexuality may reinforce self-hatred already experienced by the patient,” the bill reads.
Opponents feel the law interferes with parental rights and is based on flawed research.
“There's nothing that shows that talk therapy is harmful,” said John Tomicki of the League of American Families. He said he believes the legislation is unconstitutional and could even prevent some teenagers from talking about abuse by an adult.
More ritual than spirituality, honestly. We were aiming for both, but caught up in ritual. Perhaps we'll revisit the spirituality aspect in a future episode!
Melting Asphalt on Religion, Politics, and Self-Suppression
Welcome to Night Vale, and my All Hail summary
The type of poetry Eneasz likes is called “villanelles.” Here are four great examples.
From Less Wrong: An Alien God, and Thou Art Godshatter.
From SSC: Meditations on Moloch
From Jai: 500 Million, But Not a Single One More
Norman Borlaug & Dunbar's Number again
Sam Harris's book on spirituality, Waking Up
Sam Harris on Islam and the Misuses of Ecstasy
GadBeebe on Scotland's laws on consent and autonomy, specifically the Adults with Incapacity Act
Jamal wrote in with this relevant link! It's called Meditation 101 and covers all the basics.
The planet Mercury is the smallest of the inner planets (4,880 km/3,032 mi in diameter), and the closest to the Sun (58 million km/36 million mi - or 3.2 light minutes). It was visited by the Mariner 10 spacecraft twice in the 1970s, and about 45% of the surface was mapped. On August 3rd, 2004, NASA launched a new mission to Mercury, the MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry and Ranging probe (or MESSENGER). MESSENGER is now in the last stages of multiple gravity-assist flybys of Earth, Venus and Mercury, en route to an insertion into orbit around Mercury in March of 2011. In just two flyby encounters, MESSENGER has already greatly increased our knowledge about Mercury's surface features. As you look at Mercury in the new images below, keep in mind that it has minimal atmosphere, gravity about 1/3 of Earth's, and surface temperatures ranging from -183 C (-297 F) in some polar craters to 427 C (801 F) at high noon (Mercury's solar day lasting 176 Earth days). ( 20 photos total
Two unlikely allies in the Canadian federation say they want more time to review an urgent push by Kinder Morgan to get around the rules for construction permits needed for its west coast pipeline expansion project.
Lawyers for both the British Columbia and Saskatchewan governments argued for more time in submissions sent on Wednesday and Thursday to the National Energy Board (NEB). By contrast, the Alberta NDP government wants the federal regulator to consider granting Texas-based Kinder Morgan "relief" from the City of Burnaby's bylaws in a "timely manner."
Alberta and the pipeline operator say it's important for the NEB to intervene on Kinder Morgan's request, in a case that raises serious constitutional questions about the powers of different levels of government.
The NEB has the powers of a federal court, which would allow it to overrule Burnaby's bylaws and grant Kinder Morgan's request if it agrees with the company's arguments. NEB spokeswoman Sarah Kiley said that the regulator was still reviewing the request.
Kinder Morgan submitted its request on Oct. 26, alleging that Burnaby officials were making it difficult to get the permits needed to proceed with plans to build its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project. It has also asked the NEB to set up a new process to fast-track any future motions it brings against B.C. or municipalities in general.
This request comes less than two weeks after Kinder Morgan's co-founder and executive chairman Richard Kinder told investors on a conference call that he was "encouraged" by recent efforts to get the required permits and that he was "optimistic" the company could work together with its contractors and the permitting authorities to improve the efficiency and "timeliness" of the process.
'Completely inappropriate,' says BC Minister George Heyman
In an interview with National Observer, B.C. Environment Minister George Heyman explained that the significance of Kinder Morgan's request cannot be taken lightly.
"We think it's completely inappropriate for Kinder Morgan to try to short-circuit the constitutional authority of British Columbia to respect our environment, to defend our environment, to defend our interests and to ensure that there's appropriate First Nations consultation before permits are issued and construction begins," said Heyman.
"Kinder Morgan has asked the National Energy Board to have a very short time frame for submissions and we don't agree. There are significant constitutional issues at play here and we believe those issues need to be fully heard and B.C. needs the time to prepare our submission and part of preparing that submission will be based on what issues are brought forward by Kinder Morgan and the municipality of Burnaby."
B.C. Environment Minister George Heyman announces new measures to help stop Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion with B.C. Attorney General David Eby on Thurs. Aug. 10, 2017 in Vancouver, B.C. Photo by The Canadian Press
While B.C.'s NDP government has pledged to use all tools available to block the Kinder Morgan project, approved last year by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government, Saskatchewan and Alberta have both been strong supporters of new oil, gas and pipeline expansion.
The pipeline expansion project would triple the capacity of an existing line linking Alberta's oilsands producers to the B.C. west coast, allowing Kinder Morgan to ship up to 890,000 barrels of oil per day.
The project's supporters say the new pipeline would create jobs and growth in an industry that has been slumping since 2014 due to a plunge in global oil prices. Opponents say that the Trans Mountain expansion would increase the risk of spills, putting some existing resource and tourism jobs at risk while contributing to climate change.
The company proposed a Nov. 6, 2017 deadline for submissions in response to its request, prompting the objections from both Saskatchewan and B.C..
P. Mitch McAdam, the director of constitutional law at Saskatchewan's Ministry of Justice, wrote in a Nov. 1 letter to the NEB that he was requesting "further time to prepare those submissions as it will be very difficult to provide a substantive response by the deadline of Monday, November 6, 2017 proposed by (Kinder Morgan lawyer Shawn) Denstedt."
Although the Saskatchewan letter didn't take a position on Kinder Morgan's motion, the request for more time from Premier Brad Wall's right-leaning Saskatchewan government may come as a surprise for political and industry observers who have come to know the province as an opponent of excessive rules imposed on the oil and gas industry.
An official from the provincial ministry in Saskatchewan said he was not immediately able to comment about the province's request for more time.
'These rules apply to everyone,' says Alberta's Notley government
Alberta's left-leaning NDP government said it can meet Kinder Morgan's proposed deadline of Nov. 6 to submit its arguments, noting that it has been a strong supporter of the pipeline expansion since the beginning.
"It is Alberta's position that one jurisdiction does not have the right to obstruct a project of national importance," said Cheryl Oates, director of communications for Alberta Premier Rachel Notley. "There is an existing process to ensure federally approved projects move through the permitting process in a timely — yet thorough — manner. These rules apply to everyone... We believe this issue needs to be heard in a timely manner to avoid impacting construction any further."
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley speaks to reporters in Ottawa on Nov. 29, 2016 after the Trudeau government announced the approvals of the Trans Mountain and Line 3 pipeline expansion projects. File photo by Mike De Souza
Heyman added that B.C. is now challenging the Trudeau government's approval of the Kinder Morgan project at the Federal Court of Appeal because it believes federal officials failed to assess the national importance of protecting the west coast.
In his interview with National Observer, Heyman also noted that Kinder Morgan has been called to task by the NEB for breaking rules and beginning some construction activity that was disrupting salmon spawning areas, without getting approval.
"I'd like to point out that Kinder Morgan has been far less than thorough related to their permitting process, including consultation and including answering environmental concerns. That's one of the reasons the permitting process is going slowly for them. In fact, it is the main reason that the permitting process is going slowly for them," said Heyman, the B.C. environment minister.
"So now, it appears, that they want to get around the legitimate requirements of the B.C. government and apparently also B.C. municipalities and simply jump over our constitutional right to issue permits after we're assured that environmental conditions have been met and that first nations consultation has been appropriately conducted," Heyman said.
The B.C. government's legal submission, signed by attorney Thomas Berger, noted that Burnaby disputes some of the "evidence" presented by Kinder Morgan in its motion and describes the company's efforts as an "abuse of process."
Citing a 2016 National Observer report, Kinder Morgan had alleged that Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan "believed the permitting process was a legitimate method of slowing down the project" according to an affidavit signed by Executive Vice President of Operations Michael Davies.
But the news report in question, didn't actually say this and Corrigan has also denied ever making such a statement.
Berger suggested in his affidavit that Burnaby might present more evidence to refute Kinder Morgan's claims.
"It is premature to assume that the matter can be completed on an expedited basis, as it is clear from the October 31, 2017 letter to the Board from counsel for Burnaby that Trans Mountain's evidence may be disputed and Burnaby may seek to place further evidence before the Board," Berger wrote. "In any event, six business days is not sufficient time for the Attorney General to make submissions. The public interest will not be served by requiring an Attorney General to make hurried submissions on matters of constitutional importance on a short fuse because the applicant would prefer that its motion proceed in haste."
Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan is opposed to the Kinder Morgan pipeline and has said he would stand in front of a bulldozer to stop the project after exhausting all of his legal and political options. File photo by The Canadian Press
Berger also wrote that the company had gone too far with its request to create a new special process for any future motions against the province or municipalities.
"No evidence is cited against the Province or municipalities in general, and no argument is advanced and no reason given as to why the Province or British Columbia's municipalities should be subjected to such a procedure," Berger wrote. "The request for relief against the Province and unnamed municipalities is an abuse of process and should be struck. No further proceedings on this point should be necessary.
"Further it would simply be inappropriate for the Board to fix, in the abstract, a schedule to hear hypothetical motions on constitutional questions, without regard to the particular questions such motions may raise and without knowledge of the evidence that may be at issue. There is no basis for the Board to set a template schedule for hypothetical future motions in the present application."
Heyman also said that Kinder Morgan's request appeared to be designed at avoiding due diligence before permits are issued.
"Our position is that we will be fair and thorough," Heyman said. "We know that the federal government approved this process, but B.C. gets to put conditions on environmental permitting and that's what we've done."
Trans Mountain said on Sept. 12 that it was deploying special nets to prevent fish from spawning, keeping them away from future construction zones during its pipeline expansion project. Screenshot from Trans Mountain blog
Trans Mountain won 'tolerate any further delay'
For its part, Burnaby believes that Trans Mountain's application is "misguided" noting that it's still reviewing the company's permit applications and has not rejected them.
"The time taken in the process has been largely attributable to deficiencies in TM's (Trans Mountain) application materials," wrote Gregory McDade, a lawyer for the city, in a letter dated on Oct. 31.
Burnaby's letter also noted that the city had granted a request from the company to consider potential mitigation measures proposed by Trans Mountain at a recent meeting. But it said the company didn't mention its legal motion at that meeting and never followed up on the paperwork it said it would deliver.
McDade added that Burnaby wanted more time to review all of the material submitted by Trans Mountain as well as an opportunity to cross-examine on the affidavit from Davies.
Kinder Morgan responded one day later saying it had had enough of delays.
"The facts at issue should be well known to Burnaby and easily accessed," wrote Shawn Denstedt, the lawyer representing Kinder Morgan. Trans Mountain seeks relief from the Board precisely because of Burnaby's lengthy process and delay. Burnaby's request for further time is both unreasonable and demonstrative of the reasons that Trans Mountain has filed this Motion with the Board.
"Trans Mountain is not in a position to tolerate further delay."
When asked by National Observer if it believed Saskatchewan's request for more time was reasonable, Kinder Morgan responded with a short statement.
"While Trans Mountain has proposed a timeline, the National Energy Board will ultimately determine the schedule, however we hope for an expeditious decision," the company told National Observer in the statement.
‘It was a challenge to feed the birds during the rains, but it was equally fulfilling'
He is popularly known as the Chennai's ‘Birdman' and when floods ravaged the city, Joseph Sekar's house literally turned into a relief centre.
A few thousand parakeets in Chennai, who had adopted Joseph Sekar's house as their pit stop for food and water on regular days, appear to have spread the word among their fellow feathered friends who turned up in even greater numbers.
"For those 10 days the place looked like a relief camp. The parakeets would stay there until evening. We had over 5,000 parakeets taking refuge on the terrace which can at any given time on a normal day house only 3,000 of them. I don't know where they'd go when it got dark but most of them would leave," Sekar told The News Minute.
His house was flooded and water was till knee level, but Sekar would put on a raincoat and go up to the terrace twice every day – in the morning and evening – to feed the little feathered creatures.
“On a normal day I would have to clean the terrace twice after the birds leave as the rice would be spilt on the ground. But during the rains I would have to clean the place at least five times so that the rice did not get washed away,” he said.
When asked how he managed to have enough to rice to feed 5,000 parakeets for so long, Sekar said, "I keep enough stock that would last for a minimum of 10 days. So I was lucky that way. Although was difficult, yet it was fulfilling."
While this has not been the first time Sekar's winged pets have taken refuge on his terrace, but this was the longest time they had displayed such a pattern.
Sekar's compassion towards the birds goes back to the time when the tsunami hit Chennai in December 2004. Sekar, who runs a camera repair shop in Royapettah area in the city, fed two birds that landed on his doorstep a few days after tsunami.Over the years the number grew as high as 5,000, which earned him the name 'Birdman of Chennai'.
More than a decade after tsunami, the city faced another disaster – the Chennai floods.
"The degree of devastation was greater than what it was in 2004. The whole city came to a standstill and again here we are still talking about human beings. One can't imagine how many animals and birds would have lost their lives," he said.
"While I couldn't step out of the house to see what it really was like in the rest of the city, the birds gave me a good idea about how ruined the city was during the deluge," he added.
It is not often that a watchmaker is so bold as to undertake the Herculean task of building the world's most complicated watch. Indeed, Patek Philippe's Calibre 89, which features 33 complications, has held the record for more than a quarter of a century. But today, in celebration of its 260th anniversary, Swiss manufacture Vacheron Constantin—one of watchmaking's “Big Three”—officially unveiled the Reference 57260, a pocket watch eight years in the making that now, with an astonishing 57 complications, claims the title of the world's most complicated watch.
Developed and constructed by a team of just three people under the project code name “Tivoli,” the 18-karat white-gold, dual-dialed watch not only includes traditional complications—like a moon-phase indicator, a star chart, and a regulator-style timekeeping display—but also some that have never been seen before in horology. One of these imaginative features is the double retrograde split-second chronograph. Unlike a traditional split-second chronograph, which employs two hands rotating in the same direction in order to time multiple events, the double-retrograde version's hands rotate in opposite directions and snap back to their starting positions after completing a 60-second arc. Another first is the inclusion of a Hebraic perpetual calendar, which, unlike the Gregorian calendar, operates on a 19-year cycle. Not only does the watch account for the peculiarities of this date-keeping system—such as the addition of a 13th month to seven of the 19 years, which is tracked on the front dial at 9 o'clock—it also indicates the Gregorian date of each Yom Kippur during the cycle and displays the current day and month in Hebrew by way of two jumping displays flanking the lower subdial. The watch's chiming mechanism, which features both a grande sonnerie and a petite sonnerie, has also been taken to the next level with the inclusion of a night mode that disables the gong strikes between 10 pm and 8 am.
The dial on the reverse side of the watch hosts a bevy of additional functions, including a 12-hour second time-zone display, a scale indicating the current Zodiac-sign period, an aperture that shows the current year in the leap-year cycle, sunrise and sunset time indicators, and an equation of time display that tracks the variance between standard time and solar time. Already a tremendous feat of horological engineering in its traditional form, the Reference 57260's perpetual calendar can track the current date using either the standard Gregorian calendar or the international business calendar (known as ISO 8601), which completes a full cycle every 400 years.
The beating heart of the watch—a spherical balance spring—is housed within a tri-axial tourbillon cage that makes a full rotation every minute. The layout of the cage's frame forms Vacheron Constantin's Maltese Cross logo, which is completely visible every 15 seconds, or four times, during each complete rotation of the tourbillon. This bit of horological artistry can be observed through a large aperture positioned at 6 o'clock on the reverse dial.
Attempting to list every feature hiding in the Reference 57260 (whose new owner paid an estimated $8 million for the timepiece) would be an exercise in madness, but suffice it to say that Vacheron Constantin has created a truly unique and fascinating wonder that pushes the boundaries of watchmaking to their limits—that is, of course, until the next brave company steps up to vie for the title of the world's most complicated watch. (vacheron-constantin.com)
You followed them last season. Hell, you've been following them for years. This offseason, you saw some movement. You saw things happen. It felt different. You've been keeping track of comings and goings and dollars and cents, and the season is FINALLY around the corner. So, as part of SB Nation's NBA preview series (you should really check all this out), here's a little quick-hit cheat-sheet to make sure you're (and we're) on our toes for the coming season. Y'all ready for some Wizards basketball? Here we go!
Team Name: Washington Wizards
Last Year's Record: 29-53
Key Losses:
Jason Collins, A.J. Price, Cartier Martin, Leandro Barbosa, Pat Connelly, Milt Newton.
Key Additions:
Eric Maynor, Al Harrington, Otto Porter Jr., Glen Rice Jr., Marc Eversley, Tony DiLeo, Frank Ross.
1. What significant moves were made during the offseason?
A lot of moves -- and non-moves -- were made this offseason. The non-moves basically consisted of letting some free agents leave. It also meant seeing some pretty high-level guys from the front office go. But it also meant taking a look at the good that was accomplished last year, taking a look at some of the bad and making some decisions to make the team better.
The biggest move made had to be signing John Wall to the five-year, $80+ million rookie max extension. The jury is still out on whether it was a good move or not -- though based on his offseason leadership moments and his preseason play, I'm leaning "good move" -- but it was certainly a significant move. Additionally, the Wizards decided that they needed Martell Webster and his shooting (and probably his positive locker room presence) back on the team for the next few years. Lastly, the most significant move was to bring Eric Maynor in to back up John Wall after A.J. Price was found to be lacking in this unfortunately very necessary skill last season. Oh, and Al Harrington's here, but that's just fun. I hope it winds up being a significantly positive move.
2. What are their biggest strengths?
Poise. Moxie. Stick-together-ness. Friendship. Internet meme-ification. Wizznutzz jokes. Pixels of all sorts.
Oh, wait. Sorry. Got off track for a second. Well, last year their biggest asset was defense. They were a top-10 defense for most of the season, and their defense wasn't boring to watch. I guess it was refreshing to watch everyone be collectively good at something, you know? They trapped. They smothered. They deflected. They pressed. They boxed out. They took charges. Emeka Okafor's presence in the paint was a big part of their defensive success last year, so his injury will probably have a negative effect on their defense to start the season. But the guard and wing defense on this team was just as terrific. I hope to see more where that came from this year.
3. What are their biggest weaknesses?
So remember that top-10 defense thing? Yeahhhhhhh, not so much with the offense. They were ranked No. 30 most of the year in offense. 30th as in dead last. They were bad. They were better when Wall came back, but they were still not good. With a full year of Wall at the helm, plus an improved Bradley Beal, plus a still sharpshooting Webster, plus (hopefully) Maynor being able to run the second unit so that it doesn't get creamed, their offense should improve.
Another weakness: injuries. I know every team suffers injuries, but it seems like every year there's something. Currently, Chris Singleton is out with a broken foot, Otto Porter's got a strained hip flexor and Okafor has a bulging disk in his neck. Plus, Nene often has issues staying healthy for a full season. And even though Wall's knees seem healthy, this team has been betrayed before by knees, so it's always something lingering in the back of everyone's mind.
Another weakness: the end of the bench. While the Wizards did a great job to shore up their bench this offseason, there's still some issue with the rotation bigs. Harrington, the newest big on the team and the one with the least big-man game, is probably the most reliable. We are still waiting to see consistent production (at a high, medium, or low level -- just consistent) from Trevor Booker, Jan Vesely, Kevin Seraphin and Singleton. With Okafor out for the foreseeable future, we're going to see very soon what this crew is made of.
4. What are the goals for the Wizards?
1. Stay healthy. And for whoever's not healthy: get well soon.
2. Salvage as much of the 2011 draft class as possible (either on-court or as trade pieces).
3. Most importantly: playoffs. Playoffs, playoffs, playoffs. Playoffs or bust this season. This team played .500 ball in the last 50 games of the season, Can that translate into a postseason appearance? They're not even talking about trying to win a playoff series. Just be in the playoffs. The players want it and think they can do it. The management wants it and thinks they've put a roster together that can do it. Other teams in the league think they're capable. The fanbase is salivating waiting for it.
Playoffs.
5. So ... what if they don't make the playoffs?
Oh. Oh jeez.
/hyperventilates
If they don't make the playoffs, then there are a lot of things in play.
Let's assume the team is in the playoff hunt all season, and they narrowly miss making the postseason. Maybe the bottom of the East is suddenly strong this year, and even with a .500 record, the Wizards don't make the postseason. It will feel like a failure in some ways, but it'll probably be more of a tinker-and-come-back-fighting experience.
If they narrowly miss the playoffs and are still under.500 (by a handful or more games), then it'll probably be a stay-the-course and make some bigger free agency moves kind of summer. There are some deals coming off the books (RFAs in Vesely and Singleton, plus Ariza and Okafor are expiring) that will help with this.
If it's clear prior to the trade deadline that this team is dead in the water, then I imagine a big mid-season trade will happen. The aforementioned tradeable contracts will be traded for something to help the team make the playoffs next season.
I would also imagine that it could spell the end for both Randy Wittman and Ernie Grunfeld, but that's just speculation. They're both on the last year of their respective deals, and a playoff appearance would do well for them to keep their positions with the team. A lackluster season and another playoff absence under the same tenure with some core players that the team has recently spent a pretty penny to keep around? That wouldn't be as good.
Oh, and the fanbase will implode into its own existential flow of tears. You can bet on that.
So basically what I'm saying is: this team needs to make the playoffs.
Go Wizards!
More from Bullets Forever:
TEHRAN, Iran — Iran's official news agency is reporting that authorities have released a close ally of the president from custody, a day after he was arrested over an alleged role in the torture and killing of prisoners.
As Tehran's prosecutor general, Saeed Mortazavi was also responsible for sending Iranian-Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi to prison where she was tortured and killed.
The report by IRNA quotes an unnamed official as saying Mortazavi has been released.
He has been at the centre of an escalating confrontation between President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his conservative rivals in parliament ahead of the June presidential election.
An investigation by parliament two years ago found Mortazavi responsible for deaths by torture of at least three jailed anti-government protesters in 2009.
Kazemi was beaten, raped and killed after her arrest for photographing wives of detainees outside Tehran's notorious Evin prison.
Her son said Tuesday that he got no satisfaction from Mortazavi's reported arrest.
Stephan Hashemi told The Canadian Press that Mortazavi is merely a small fish in the country's repressive regime.
“It's the regime who are killing people, who are torturing people, who are creating all this misery,” Hashemi said.
“It's not Mortazavi. Mortazavi is just one little guy among them.
“Who is Mortazavi? He's nobody.”
Mortazavi, a close ally of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, had been taken to Tehran's Evin prison late Monday night, according to the reports, which gave few details on the arrest.
Evin is the notorious facility where Kazemi spent the last agonizing days of her life in 2003.
Hashemi and Kazemi's estate are suing the Iranian government in Canadian courts – a case that lists Mortazavi as one of those responsible for her death.
Who is Mortazavi? He's nobody
The suits are awaiting a decision by three judges from the Supreme Court of Canada as to whether they can proceed with an appeal process.
The lead lawyer for both Hashemi and the estate said Mortazavi's arrest would not impact the Canadian case.
“I'd be curious to know more about the reasons why Mr. Mortazavi's been arrested (and) what, if anything, he's charged with,” attorney Kurt Johnson said Tuesday.
“Are there any charges or accusations made in connection with Ms. Kazemi?”
We're appealing to the international community to use all manner of law available to detain this individual
Johnson said the reported arrest came somewhat out of the blue.
“He seemed to have been a protected person within the regime for quite some time and I guess that's no longer the case,” he said.
Canada has called Kazemi's killing a state-sanctioned murder.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper himself has demanded Mortazavi's arrest.
In 2006, Harper asked German authorities to apprehend Mortazavi if he stopped there on his way home from a human-rights conference in Geneva.
He seemed to have been a protected person within the regime for quite some time and I guess that's no longer the case
Though that German stopover didn't happen, Harper said Canada would not give up.
“We're appealing to the international community to use all manner of law available to detain this individual, and have him face justice,” Harper said at the time.
Ahmadinejad cannot run a third time because of term limits and many of his allies have either been arrested or pushed to the political margins amid concern over the president attempting to extend his powers.
Ahmadinejad strongly denounced Mortazavi's arrest, accusing the judiciary of being run as a “family institution.”
“This is very ugly. It's not appropriate for the people of the Islamic Republic and the judiciary,” Ahmadinejad said before leaving Tuesday for Egypt, to attend a summit of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation.
“I'll definitely pursue this matter seriously when I return.”
Mortazavi was Tehran city prosecutor in 2009, during massive protests in the wake of Ahmadinejad's disputed re-election.
At the time, he was responsible for Kahrizak prison in the Iranian capital, where at least three anti-government protesters were tortured to death. He now heads the country's social security fund.
This is very ugly. It's not appropriate for the people of the Islamic Republic and the judiciary
Iran's reformists have openly criticized Mortazavi during his years in the judiciary.
He was even dubbed “butcher of the press” for the closures of more than 120 newspapers and the imprisonment of dozens of journalists and political activists over the past 13 years.
With files from The Canadian Press
"At the beginning, life and death is every week, and then you have longer cycles," says Riccardo Zacconi, chief executive of Britain's most valuable games company, the $5bn (£2.9bn) King Digital Entertainment. He is talking about the rollercoaster that has been King's decade-long ride to the top.
Zacconi, 47, sports the tech entrepreneur's regulation casualwear, with a dash of Italian style. He is dressed top to toe in navy blue, with matching polo shirt, jeans and trainers. The office around him vibrates with the explosion-in-a-paint factory colours of King's hit smartphone game, Candy Crush.
At the end of an orange-and-white striped corridor is a staff cafeteria with panoramic views of London's West End, where the Nespresso machine hums next to an ostentatious array of coffee capsules, and a beautician applies the finishing touches to an employee's Friday night makeup.
More people play King games each month than live in the US, and the company is currently in expansion mode. In a few weeks, it will open a second London studio, taking over Facebook's recently vacated British headquarters in Covent Garden.
But the free caffeine and makeovers are a far cry from the company's early days. Back in 2003, a year after launch, the money had run out. Zacconi had been living rent-free in a friend's spare room, working without a salary. It was just before Christmas, and he was flying home to Italy later that day. He and his co-founder Toby Rowland, son of the late mining tycoon and Observer newspaper proprietor Tiny Rowland, were staring at the fax machine, willing it to come to life.
"We had a promise from one of our angels [early backers] to invest in the company, but the piece of paper was not signed," recalls Zacconi. "We wanted to make sure we could pay all our creditors, and to do that we would have had to shut down the company that day."
At the last minute the fax arrived, only for the machine to break down mid-transmission. But King lived to fight another day.
The angel investor was King's chairman, a low-profile, Derby-based businessman called Mel Morris, who at the age of 58 has little in common with the hipsters in silicon roundabout, but just happens to be one of Britain's most successful technology entrepreneurs. Morris built uDate, where Zacconi briefly worked, into the world's second largest online matchmaker before selling it in 2002. He is now King's biggest private investor, holding shares worth $580m.
"Riccardo understands people," says Morris. "His charisma, integrity, sense of fair play and abundant humility allow him to gently lead from the front. Many entrepreneurs fail because they are so single-minded they struggle to scale their business beyond their own limitations. Riccardo succeeds because he allows his management to share the challenges and rewards."
The hardest moment for King came in 2009. Rowland, who was co-chief executive, had left to work on other ventures and Zacconi was in sole charge. King.com was profitable, with revenues of $60m a year from desktop games. But its business was built on attracting traffic from the big internet portals such as Yahoo, and their days were numbered.
"The hardest moment was when Facebook was the place to be and we were not there," says Zacconi. "The only way to manage a period of transition like that is to be 100% open and transparent with your employees."
So he gathered the staff and showed them an illustration by the cartoonist Mordillo. A holidaying couple are relaxing on a beach under a parasol. But the beach is in an hourglass and the sand is rapidly draining from beneath them.
There followed a tense 18 months, when the company raced to develop a game that would appeal to Facebook users before its portal traffic dried up. Morris advised halting development for Yahoo, and splitting the spare staff into teams of three, each testing different formats.
In September 2011 Bubble Witch Saga, where players line up three or more spheres of the same colour to pop them, launched on Facebook. By the end of that year, revenues from mobile and social games had outstripped those from older desktop formats. The transition to mobile was easier, with the Bubble Witch Saga app published in July 2012. But the big break came in November 2012, when Candy Crush, another match three game, made its appearance on mobile. By the end of that year, King was pulling in $160m annually. By 2013, revenues were $1.9bn, with small payments for extra lives or sweetie-shaped ammunition on Candy Crush accounting for the vast majority of that income.
Christian Hernandez Gallardo, who helped build Facebook in Europe and now invests in startups through White Star Capital, has described Zacconi as one of the "good guys" of the technology business, saying: "This is not an overnight success, or an 18 month exit. It is over a decade of building and rebuilding a business, of adapting to trends and technologies, of being humble but hungry."
Now King is having another Mordillo moment. The markets have given the company a rough ride since its March initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange, discounting the valuation by $2bn. Despite a slight rise in the most recent quarter, revenues are down from their peak last Autumn. The concern is that King cannot repeat its success with Candy Crush, which is beginning to slip down the download charts.
"Our strategy is not based on building another hit game like Candy Crush," says Zacconi. "It was a mega hit. Our strategy is to build a portfolio of games." He wants players looking for games in enduring genres, like trivia, hidden object, or word puzzles, to pick King's version because they trust the quality.
Wall Street is hammering other digital stocks – Facebook has dipped, and Twitter has lost half its value this year. Are we witnessing another technology bubble bursting?
"I don't think it's a bubble, there are real fundamentals behind these companies: revenues, profits and reach," says Zacconi. "The companies now are very different to 1999."
As his business vocabulary suggests, Zacconi trained as a management consultant with the blue chip firm Boston Consulting. He went on to learn the lessons of the dotcom crash the hard way, building up a European internet portal called Spray. The float planned for 2000 was abandoned, and the company sold up to another portal, Lycos Europe.
But the purchase was made entirely in Lycos shares, with no cash element. By 2001, those shares were almost worthless, and Lycos was laying off hundreds of people.
"We took care of every employee," says Zacconi. "We made sure everyone had a job somewhere. That was good because when I started this company what we did was to call up all our former employees, and they were very friendly."
Zacconi reunited his best people, including chief creative officer Sebastian Knutsson, who now runs the firm's Stockholm studios, the crucible from which King's most successful games have emerged.
Zacconi applauds the government's decision this year to grant tax breaks to games produced in the UK, an extension of the film credits that have attracted dozens of Hollywood productions to Britain. "This new incentive for the games industry is great," he says, "because I believe from the UK you can conquer the world."
King's key statistics
352 million people play one of its games every month
97 million people a day play Candy Crush
1.4bn games played every day
Candy Crush accounts for 67% of money spent by players
The company has three titles among the top 10 grossing games on Apple's App Store, Google Play and Facebook
Nusra accelerates Idlib offensive
Following up on their rapid success capturing Wadi a-Deif, Jabhat a-Nusra attacked the regime military base of al-Mastumah in Idlib Wednesday, resulting in the flight of dozens of soldiers and killing an unspecified number, reported pro-opposition SmartNews.
“Assad's forces withdrew from the two camps of Ariha and al-Mastumah towards Latakia in particular, afraid of a repeat of the Wadi a-Deif scenario,” Abdullah Jadaan, Syria Mubasher correspondent, told Syria Direct Thursday.
He added that Nusra fighters saw more than 40 armed vehicles fleeing the camp.
As of publishing, Nusra fighters have not stormed the camp, but are paving the way for an assault by striking the site with Grad missiles.
In related news, a regime officer in al-Mastumah detonated a hand grenade he was holding under unclear circumstances, possibly by accident, igniting surrounding ammunition caches and killing a number of fellow officers and soldiers, reported pro-opposition Siraj press.
Mainstream regime news outlets have not commented on the al-Mastumah battle.
Al-Mastumah is a gathering and launching point for regime forces headed to nearby checkpoints, and sits on the supply route from Latakia to Idlib.
SOHR: 11,000 regimes dead over 5 months
Approximately 11,000 regime soldiers have been killed in battle over the past five months, reported the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights Wednesday.
A total of 5,600 dead were soldiers and officers in the Syrian army, 4,500 were from the National Defense Forces (shabiha) and other pro-regime militias, and 730 were foreign fighters of various nationalities in addition to 90 fighters from Hezbollah.
The precision of these numbers could not be independently verified.
The rising death toll among regime ranks is reflected by a recent series of protests among Syria's pro-regime, and particularly Alawite, community.
Earlier this month, pro-regime residents of the village of Basnada in Latakia province engaged in a firefight with security forces during a funeral for a Basnada soldier. Protestors raised signs demanding an end to mandatory conscription and the pushing of young men into open fronts, reported pro-opposition news channel Al-Aan TV.
Mass grave contains 230 more Shaitat tribesmen killed by IS
Residents of Syria's eastern Deir e-Zor province on Wednesday uncovered a mass grave containing the bodies of more than 230 members of the Shaitat tribe, bringing the total number of Shaitat tribesmen executed by the Islamic State to 900 since August, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, with an estimated 1,800 still missing.
The figures could not be independently verified.
UNSCR extends resolution on cross-border aid
The United Nations Security Council unanimously agreed Wednesday to renew authorization for UN agencies and implementing partners for a period of one year to deliver cross-border humanitarian aid into Syria, even without the Syrian government's permission.
The agreement extends UNSC resolution 2165, which in July authorized aid convoys to enter Syria through the Bab a-Salama and Bab al-Hawa crossings along the Turkish border and the Ramtha and al-Yarubiya crossings on the Jordanian and Iraqi borders, respectively.
The UN and its partners have struggled to reach more 12 million Syrians in need of relief aid, with both the Syrian government and the Islamic State imposing restrictions on aid convoys.
The UNSC expressed that it is “gravely concerned” with the ineffective implementation of past resolutions on humanitarian access and called on all parties to facilitate humanitarian access.
Telbisa residents receive humanitarian aid. Photo courtesy of Telbieseh Mobasher Network.
For more from Syria Direct, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
I have tried to install steam from the software centre, steam website and through apt-get and I always get this error:
Steam needs to install these additional packages: libgl1-mesa-dri:i386, libgl1-mesa-glx:i386, libc6:i386 [sudo] password for james: ........................................................................... Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree Reading state information... Done Some packages could not be installed. This may mean that you have requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable distribution that some required packages have not yet been created or been moved out of Incoming. The following information may help to resolve the situation: The following packages have unmet dependencies. libc6:i386 : Depends on: libgcc1:i386 but it is not going to be installed libgl1-mesa-dri:i386 : Depends on: libdrm-intel1:i386 (>= 2.4.48) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libdrm-nouveau2:i386 (>= 2.4.38) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libdrm-radeon1:i386 (>= 2.4.31) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libdrm2:i386 (>= 2.4.38) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libelf1:i386 (>= 0.142) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libexpat1:i386 (>= 2.0.1) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libgcc1:i386 (>= 1:4.1.1) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libllvm3.4:i386 but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libstdc++6:i386 (>= 4.6) but it is not going to be installed Recommends: libtxc-dxtn-s2tc0:i386 but it is not going to be installed or libtxc-dxtn0:i386 libgl1-mesa-glx:i386 : Depends on: libdrm2:i386 (>= 2.3.1) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libxext6:i386 but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libxfixes3:i386 but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libxxf86vm1:i386 but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libudev1:i386 but it is not going to be installed or libudev0:i386 but it is not installable unity-control-center : Depends on: libcheese-gtk23 (>= 3.4.0) but it is not going to be installed Depends on: libcheese7 (>= 3.0.1) but it is not going to be installed E: Error, pkgProblemResolver::Resolve generated breaks, this may be caused by held packages. Press return to continue:
I have tried doing:
sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386
and it still does not work.
Any help at all?
Former Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was indicted on Friday for defrauding the state out of an alleged $5.2billion.
Federal judge Claudio Bonadio said a scheme to inflate the Argentine peso by selling the central bank's US dollars below market value would not have been possible without Fernandez's approval.
Bonadio is investigating whether the move, enacted in the last few months of her second term, was a deliberate attempt to sabotage her successor, the Argentina Independent reported.
The judge said the state lost more than $5billion, allowing buyers to make big profits on the transactions. The sales also created a sharp drop in Central Bank reserves.
Former Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner (pictured) was indicted on Friday for defrauding the state as part of her government's handling of the dollar futures market
Federal judge Claudio Bonadio said that a scheme to keep the Argentine peso inflated by selling the central bank's US dollars below market value would not have been possible without Fernandez's approval
The indictment means prosecutors can move forward and put Fernandez on trial, who could face five to 20 years in prison if she is found guilty.
Bonadio will continue the investigation with a possibility the case could be dismissed, legal experts told the NY Times, while Fernandez can also appeal the ruling.
The former president, her economy minister Axel Kicillof, former central bank chief Alejandro Vanoli, and 12 others were charged with 'unfaithful administration to the detriment of public administration,' according to court papers.
The judge also ordered a $15million embargo on each of their assets, the Independent reported.
The accusation is that the central bank took billions of dollars worth of money-losing positions in the futures market ahead of a widely expected devaluation of the Argentine peso.
The transactions referred to in the case involved $5 billion to $17 billion, according to court papers published by Argentina's Judicial Information Center (CIJ).
'It's impossible to believe that a financial operation of this size ... could have been carried out without the approval of the highest executive level of the national government,' the ruling said.
But Fernandez has denied any wrongdoing and says she is the victim of political persecution, since the criminal complaints were filed by officials in her successor Mauricio Macri's coalition.
The defendants have placed the blame squarely on Macri's government, and an investigation has been launched against current deputy cabinet chief Mario Quintana, among others, theArgentina Independent reported.
Macri won the presidency on a platform of ditching currency controls that he said were strangling the economy.
Since lifting the controls in mid-December the peso has weakened by about 30 percent to 14.1575 per U.S. dollar.
Inflation reached 6.5 percent in April, the biggest monthly price jump since Argentina's worst economic crisis 14 years ago, the Buenos Aires statistics agency reported Thursday.
But Fernandez has denied any wrongdoing and says she is the victim of political persecution, since the criminal complaints were filed by members of her successor Mauricio Macri's coalition (pictured, Macri in April)
Fernandez, who has been dogged by corruption allegations during her eight-year presidency, accused the Macri government of political persecution after testifying in court about the central bank's dollar-buying operations.
Since leaving office in December at the end of her second term, she has also been included in investigations involving allegations of money laundering and possible illegal enrichment.
Fernandez is revered by millions for the generous welfare programs she offered while in office and reviled by others for economic policies such as nationalizing businesses and placing heavy-handed controls on the economy.
By Gaming Anarchist
Sometimes something comes along that is so groundbreaking that it completely bewilders the establishment and creates a cult classic and gold standard at the same time. And that something is God Hand. A glorious third person action game released on the Playstation 2 that was at the same time one of the silliest titles ever developed and one of the most nuanced and glorious fighting games ever created. God Hand implemented features that (bafflingly) have hardly been used since. Features such as a reactive difficulty, where the game gets harder or easier the better or worse you play, running from level 1-3 before reaching level “Die”.
One of the most compelling aspects of the game is the fully customisable moveset from over a hundred different options to be selected from to map to one of the attack buttons. Want to play as a boxer? A capoeira expert? Or do you even just want to focus on kicking your enemies in the groin? God Hand has you covered.
In the game you are Gene — cocky, always one to complain and an all round badass. It's quickly established that he has his arm chopped off and has it replaced by one of the legendary God Hands. When it's unleashed he becomes pretty much every anime trope you could imagine. As you might expect from a Japanese fantasy-action story, he is on a course that will end with him punching a deity in the face until the world is saved.
For all of its levels of nuance and technical mastery, God Hand is silly. Really silly. It makes no attempt as a serious story or anything approaching grit. It's light-hearted and full of cringe-worthy humour. Aside from the usual, disposable, post-apocalyptic punks you face some truly bizarre opponents: Flamboyant twin brothers in Las Vegas showgirl costumes; a demon masquerading as an obese Hispanic Elvis impersonator; a luchador in a gorilla costume trying to convince you he's really an ape (but the zipper on his back is something of a giveaway); and the Mad Midget Five — a group of high pitched diminutive fighters with a striking resemblance to Super Sentai/Power Rangers.
This might be a light -hearted game but it's no joke. You don't recover health after boss battles or at the start of new levels. Did you just scrape though the last boss? Tough luck! Looks like you need to either try again or tackle the next level with a sliver of health remaining. Not to mention there is a random chance that the enemy you just beat will immediately come back as a tough, teleporting demon that could beat you into next week.
You could be forgiven for never having heard of this game, let alone see any reason to try it out given the response it got from the gaming press. IGN for example gave it a ridiculous 3/10. A review so staggeringly bad and ill informed that it has, in some circles, become a byword for how terrible some of the gaming press truly is.
If you can appreciate or look beyond the huge chunk of cheese that this game represents you will discover one of the most satisfying fictional depictions of violence you may ever engage in.
Game trailer follows:
Follow Gaming Anarchist on Twitter | Follow Action A Go Go on Twitter and Instagram |Be sure to leave your thoughts in the comments section!
— Authorities at Montclair State University are investigating threatening messages targeting homosexuals on the campus.
Last Thursday, one slur was scrawled at the school's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Center. The next day, a death threat note passed under the LGBT office door. Then this past Monday, more hatred appeared in the form of writing on a women's bathroom wall.
The message said that on Feb. 7, homosexuals “will die.”
LISTEN: 1010 WINS' Steve Sandberg reports https://cbsnewyork.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/montclair-3-sandberg-w-41-ppilato.mp3
“This is real now. This is not just a statement. This is a threat,” Andres Lara of the LGBT Center told 1010 WINS' Steve Sandberg.
“It kind of, like, pisses me off,” said “Eric,” a freshman at the school. “It makes me angry, because I don't feel like anybody should feel threatened in this environment.”
Montclair State president Susan Cole sent a message to the student body following the hateful messages.
“These actions are grossly unacceptable in our community and a clear violation of university policies as well as the basic tents of human decency,” Cole wrote.
As CBS 2's Sean Hennessey found out Wednesday, the outrage is everywhere, and growing.
“I definitely don't like it. I know a lot of gay people,” student Mike Meerovich said.
“It's definitely surprising that something like this would happen in this school,” Cesar Archila said.
“It's ignorance, man,” Carlan Edwards said.
It is ignorance that has sent a chill across campus.
“More terrified at first and now I'm enraged that someone would actually go to that extent,” Jackie Loder said.
“It's sort of disturbing,” the LGBT's Anna Montenegro added.
Other LGBT members said, unfortunately, they aren't too surprised.
“Hate doesn't have a location; it's everywhere. People are prejudiced all over,” Chris Perez said.
This public display of prejudice is now being investigated by campus police.
“The university's reaction is we're appalled by this. This is not who we are as an institution. It's not what we stand for,” said Dr. Karen Pennington, Montclair State's VP of student development.
Pennington said the 18,000-member student body is a microcosm for society.
“We're bigger than some of the towns that many of our students come from, so for some students that's fearful. It's difficult to learn new things and find a new way,” Dr. Pennington said.
The school said it has some leads and that whoever is responsible won't be on campus much longer.
“They should also expect that their transcripts will reflect that they were expelled from the university,” Dr. Pennington said.
This campus of higher learning is out to teach a lesson in what tolerance is all about.
Anyone with any information about the messages is asked to call Montclair State University police at (973) 655-5222. You can call a confidential tip line at (973) 655-8477.
Please offer your thoughts in the comments section below …
The Dutch forward scored his first goals for the Turkish club he joined earlier in the summer to propel them into the final qualifying round of the Champions League
Former Liverpool striker Dirk Kuyt scored twice in five minutes as Fenerbahce triumphed 4-1 at Vaslui on Wednesday to clinch a place in the Champions League play-off round.
The Romanian minnows looked nervy from the offset, and were punished after 12 minutes when Caner Erkin nodded in Gokhan Gonul's cross from close range.
However, Vaslui produced a shock equaliser three minutes later, as Marius Niculae stabbed home a cross from Lucian Sanmartean at the far post.
Ousmane N'Doye's penalty was saved by Volkan Demirel before Fenerbahce finally surged ahead in the 71st minute, Kuyt ripping in a powerful effort into the top corner from another Gonul pass.
The Dutch striker was not done however, and put matters beyond any doubt in the 76th minute with a simple finish after Vaslui's defence had switched off from a free-kick.
Moussa Sow put the icing on the cake late on with an unstoppable half-volley from just outside the area and Fenerbahce now await the draw for the final qualifying round before the Champions League group stages.
Photo
A venture capitalist, a former regulator, a lawyer and a pair of entrepreneurs — Bitcoin evangelists all — gathered on Tuesday in the private dining room of an upscale Manhattan restaurant to discuss their vision of a world in which the currency plays a role in mainstream finance.
It may be a far-fetched notion — Bitcoin, despite the attention it has received in recent months, is still largely a plaything for speculators online, with stomach-turning price swings — but it is one that these men have bet millions of dollars can be achieved.
“The rising value of Bitcoin is a put option, or a bet, that Bitcoin gets adopted as a medium of exchange,” said Jeremy Allaire, the founder of Circle Internet Financial, a start-up in Boston that seeks to be a payment-processing system for Bitcoin. Mr. Allaire, who sponsored the gathering, said he had a modest position in Bitcoin, which he did not disclose.
“Wall Street will find a way” to get involved in Bitcoin, said Barry Silbert, the founder of SecondMarket, which created a Bitcoin fund that has $62.9 million in net assets under management as of Tuesday afternoon. “It doesn't take a lot of money to move the needle in the Bitcoin world.”
Related Links Video: David Gillen on Bitcoin Believers
“We're in inning one of a nine-inning game,” said Chris Daniel, a lawyer at Paul Hastings who represents Circle Internet Financial.
The event, held at A Voce in Time Warner Center, showcased the arguments that some of Bitcoin's most influential advocates are using to promote the currency's adoption. They insisted that Bitcoin, a digital asset without backing from any central bank or government, could one day become widely used in money transfers and payments large and small.
A prominent venture capitalist, Jim Breyer, has given his vote of confidence to that proposal, participating in a $9 million investment in Mr. Allaire's company. Mr. Breyer mingled with others at the restaurant on Tuesday before the dinner began.
The Bitcoin advocates emphasized that the process of “mining” Bitcoin — essentially, using powerful computers to solve complex equations — contributes to the infrastructure of the decentralized currency. But they held out hope that Wall Street firms would get involved, lending Bitcoin a measure of stability.
Video
Raj Date, a former official at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau who recently joined the board of Circle, offered a hypothetical case to illustrate the currency's promise. Suppose he was trying to call his parents in Turkey, he said. He could do that free over the Internet. But to send them $100? That would cost him.
Not if he used Bitcoin, however.
There are several serious obstacles in the way of this vision, including Bitcoin's extreme volatility. But this could be ironed out if big financial firms entered the market, Mr. Date said.
“The path to lower volatility, absent significant market makers, is possible theoretically; I don't think it's ever happened,” he said.
Mr. Silbert, the entrepreneur behind the Bitcoin fund, said another large player was getting involved in a Bitcoin venture.
“There's a very large fund family that's launching one soon that's not yet public,” he said.
Last week, on the same day that the Chinese government threw cold water on Bitcoin, Bank of America Merrill Lynch became the first main Wall Street firm to release research about the currency. The report said that a “fair value analysis” of Bitcoin suggested a maximum value of $1,300. Currently, the price of one Bitcoin is about $928, according to the Mt. Gox exchange.
That report “woefully undervalued” Bitcoin, Mr. Allaire said.
“He positioned himself for lots of Bitcoin upgrades over the next six months,” Mr. Silbert said.
The Bitcoin supporters played down the significance of the decision by China, which moved to restrict banks from using Bitcoin in transactions. They pointed to a Senate hearing last month at which federal officials spoke optimistically about the benefits of digital money – a hearing at which Mr. Allaire testified.
Another obstacle for Bitcoin believers is the problem of fraud. Bitcoin transactions lack transparency and can be used to facilitate money laundering, Peter J. Henning wrote in DealBook's White Collar Watch column.
Mr. Daniel, the lawyer in the room, said that such fears were behind the times.
“If you called me in January of this year, I would have told you that, through back channels, we were hearing that there was a real propriety issue with Bitcoin,” he said. But he said that governments are less focused now on shutting down Bitcoin operators than on “encouraging innovation.”
For Mr. Silbert, defending Bitcoin has become a regular occupation.
“I'm invited to do these dinners almost nightly,” he said.
Belvedere LXX is a brand-new condominium on Eckford Street in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, built of burgundy brick. It is so new that its permits still hang in the window, the closets are bare of clothes, and the apartments have yet to hit the market.
So why does it already look so familiar?
This building is part of a growing family of small apartment houses that have sprouted up in Brooklyn over the past 10 years, the majority of which share certain features — a reddish brick facade, about the color of diluted Manischewitz wine; a pair of white columns; and balconies — that make them appear, if not like clones, then certainly like cousins.
Now, as their numbers approach three dozen, most of them concentrated in Greenpoint, there are so many that look so similar that it is starting to feel as if that neighborhood is having a mini, matchy, architectural movement all its own.
“One, two, three, four, five, six,” said Krzysztof Rostek, the developer of the Belvedere LXX, standing on its roof and counting the other buildings he has put up nearby. “You can see six.”
It's a parody, but one with biting implications about the role many government officials have taken in legislating women's health needs: This past Wednesday in South Carolina, a House subcommittee made up entirely of Democrats and galvanized by Representative Mia McLeod, proposed a bill that would require men seeking a prescription for Viagra to go through a variety of obstacles first.
The Associated Press reported that the hurdles would include a 24-hour waiting period, a notarized letter from a sexual partner attesting to the drug's necessity, and a mandatory counseling session that would encourage men to pursue lifelong celibacy instead — all requirements clearly meant to invoke the burdens often placed onto women seeking an abortion.
“Government has no place making a decision for people when it comes to abortion — or erectile dysfunction," said McLeod, who sponsored the bill, during the legislative session.
McLeod's original iteration of the bill, pre-filed last December, was even harsher, requiring users to undergo a psychological evaluation prior to the prescription and a cardiac stress test every 90 days while on it. And so was McLeod. “Those who are adamant about introducing some type of abortion bill every session, that's really what this is about — I'm just sick of it,” she told FreeTimes then. “We've got much bigger fish to fry. I just decided that until they could stay out of my uterus I would refuse to stay out of their bedroom.”
McLeod was also spurred by the ultimately fruitless parade of legislative investigations into reproductive health provider Planned Parenthood following a series of since-debunked sting videos released last summer.
McLeod is only the latest politician to make a snappy rebuttal to restrictive abortion bills. Similar so-called ‘Viagra bills” have been proposed by Democratic lawmakers in Ohio and Tennessee. And in 2012, Virginia senator Janet Howell hastily added an amendment to a proposed anti-abortion bill — one that would have required men seeking Viagra to first go through a cardiac stress test and a digital rectal exam. The latter requirement was no doubt a doppelgänger of the various attempts to force women seeking abortion to have an invasive transvaginal ultrasound prior to the procedure.
Though the South Carolina bill, as with the others, will likely fail to pass her state's full legislature, McLeod believes her efforts have been worthwhile. "It's already done exactly what I wanted it to do — broaden the discussion and expose the hypocrisy," McLeod said.
A group of Palestinian Bedouin women have accused an Israeli movement of deceit and defamation after a local designer approached them for a partnership ahead of New York Fashion Week.
The women of Desert Embroidery, who work as seamstresses under the auspices of a local association for the empowerment of Bedouin women in the Negev, helped an Israeli designer with the creation of a dress in the traditional Palestinian embroidered style. The dress was showcased at a fundraiser event last week.
They say they were not informed of the real reasons behind the partnership initiated by designer Aviad Arik Herman, describing it as "deceiving and dishonest".
Earlier this year, Herman made headlines when he designed a controversial gown depicting a "unified Jerusalem", worn by far-right Israeli culture minister Miri Regev at an international film festival.
According to Asma al-Saneh, head of the Lakia-based Association for the Improvement of Women's Status, Herman failed to mention that OR Movement, an Israeli organisation that works to promote the resettlement of Israeli Jews to the Negev and the Galilee, sponsored the partnership and the dress.
"We regularly receive such requests from various designers and retailers in Israel - so this was not a one-time occurrence, and we had no problem assisting him [the designer]," Saneh told Al Jazeera.
"But we would have never agreed to do this had we known from the start who he was and who had sent him," she added. "We feel that our end product was misused."
READ MORE: How Israeli citizens are becoming stateless
According to Herman and OR Movement's CEO, Roni Flamer, the interaction from the beginning of the project was "authentic" and transparent, and both parties were aware of OR's involvement.
But Saneh contends that after the completion of the dress, "we were surprised to see the designer arrive to collect the dress with a crew and cameramen … We were also surprised that he introduced us to a man who came with him, which is when we found out that he was from OR Movement and that they were involved."
The fundraiser was co-hosted by OR Movement and Tahor Group, a New York-based agency that regularly promotes the work of Israeli designers.
The embroidered gown received significant backlash from various social media users, who dubbed the result as "cultural appropriation" due to the use of Palestinian embroidery on an Israeli design.
But according to Herman, it was meant to highlight the potential for coexistence in the Negev.
"I created a community artistry project, which gave artists from the Negev an opportunity to connect and collaborate together for this exclusive piece that was designed in honour of the Negev," Herman told Al Jazeera.
"I am really proud that this dress implies all this diversity that we have in the Negev and it does not neglect any aspect of the society or culture. There is clearly no theft here; if anything, this is celebrating the culture."
The dress was put up for auction at the end of the show. According to Saneh, the profits generated went towards OR Movement's funds - but according to the movement's CEO, profits were used to help organisers with the "expensive show". OR Movement receives funding from private donors around the world, CEO Roni Flamer told Al Jazeera.
"We carry out activities to build different relationships with the different societies in Israel by together taking responsibility to build a shared future and vision ... [The partnership] was just for awareness," he said. "We decided in a last-moment decision that we were going to add another dress and dedicate it for the collaboration between the Bedouins and the Jews to show that in the Negev, there is a different language."
This aspiration for the increase in the Jewish population in these regions works counter to the creation of a shared society and coexistence, especially when Jewish towns are established in place of existing Bedouin ones. Haia Noach, Negev Coexistence Forum for Civil Equality
Established in 2002, OR Movement's mission is to create Jewish towns in southern Israel's Negev desert and Galilee regions. It has established nine new communities and resettled 33,000 people, according to the movement's website.
But according to Haia Noach, director of the Negev Coexistence Forum for Civil Equality, an Israeli NGO, the movement's objectives are to build Jewish communities on top of existing Bedouin villages.
"The OR Movement categorically does not work for the promotion of coexistence in the Negev … It is an organisation that consistently works for the promotion of Jewish settlement in the Negev and the Galilee and expansion of the Jewish population in these areas," Noach said.
"This aspiration for the increase in the Jewish population in these regions works counter to the creation of a shared society and coexistence, especially when Jewish towns are established in place of existing Bedouin ones."
Although some Bedouins live in towns sponsored by OR Movement, Noach says these are only "token examples of coexistence and do not constitute real equality".
The Bedouin community comprises some 200,000 people throughout Israel, centred mainly in the country's south. Israeli authorities have regularly executed home demolition orders in the Negev, claiming that the villages lack necessary building permits - which residents say are impossible to obtain.
As a result, Jewish-only towns have been infringing on Palestinian lands, forcing families to transfer out of these areas. Many who remain have no access to basic infrastructure or development opportunities. Saneh noted that some 40 unrecognised Bedouin villages are under existential threat.
OPINION: Prawer Plan buries the two state solution
"The vast majority of the Bedouins only have the right to live in larger and urban villages or towns. In the Jewish villages where there is an 'admittance committee', it's almost impossible for Bedouins to be accepted," Noach explained.
According to Saneh, "we work very hard to empower women in our community ... We would have never associated ourselves with a movement that promotes the building of settlements on top of unrecognised and even recognised villages in the Negev."
Following the release of a local news article announcing the alleged partnership, the women's association formally requested that its name be revoked from any advertising materials, social media pages and future media interviews, Saneh said.
"In media reports and social media posts, [OR Movement and the designer] did say that this partnership demonstrates peace and coexistence, but we were never consulted about what we perceived this to be. We feel that they assumed our thoughts on our behalf," she said. "We feel that they used our association's name to serve their personal interests, and we feel that our name has now been shaken."
The association is now preparing for legal proceedings in an effort to draw attention to its objective as an independent entity dedicated to the social and economic empowerment of women in the Negev, Saneh said.
Meanwhile, she said, the association has refused to accept any payment for the partnership.
"How can we agree to be associated with organisations that help fulfil the [discriminatory] government's objectives, and agree to lend my culture [embroidery] for a dress showcased at a fundraiser that helps the movement build settlements on my land?" she said.
"The state of Israel is a reality, and unlike most people around the world, we fully comprehend and acknowledge that, as its subjects. As subjects, we have to deal with them, which we are OK with - but we refuse to have our name there."
Prime minister says progress will be made at Cancún and austerity cuts should not dampen expectations
David Cameron: UK is prepared to act on its own over climate change
Britain's efforts to tackle climate change by pursuing a green economy must not be downgraded because of spending cuts and austerity, the prime minister says today.
Writing in the Observer on the eve of the Cancún climate talks, David Cameron says Britain is prepared to act unilaterally against climate change, "setting a shining example domestically for other countries to follow". He says ministers do not expect a global deal to be struck in Mexico, but he believes progress towards multilateral action will be made.
Cameron says the coalition's ambition is to be the greenest government ever formed. He argues for politicians to make the economic case for action and points out that the low-carbon market is worth up to £3.2 trillion and forecast to grow by 4% annually.
"I passionately believe that by recasting the argument for action on climate change away from the language of threats and punishments and into positive, profit-making terms, we can have a much wider impact," he says.
Dr. Swain has accepted more than $1 million to promote vaccines
(NaturalNews) Another young girl has died from Gardasil, the infamous HPV vaccine manufactured by Merck & Co., and the medical establishment claims that it was a fluke. Twelve-year-old Meredith Prohaska from Waukesha, Wisconsin, died just a few hours after getting her Gardasil shot, and her parents are sure that the vaccine was the cause of death.According to, Meredith was an otherwise healthy, fun-loving girl prior to her death. She did have a sore throat the day that she died, which is why her parents took her to the doctor in the first place. But it was a minor ailment that, in light of the events of that fateful day, couldn't possibly have killed her that quickly or coincidentally.Reports indicate that Meredith's parents took her to the doctor during the morning hours of August 7. Around 10:30 am, she received her first HPV vaccine, which about 30 minutes later appeared to lull her into a deep sleep. Meredith's mother Rebecca recalls having had to repeatedly wake her up so she could make it through the day.Later that afternoon at around 3:30 pm, Rebecca left the house for about 30 minutes to get some food. When she returned, she found her daughter lying on the floor unconscious, upon which she initiated CPR -- Rebecca served as an EMT (emergency medical technician) for the National Guard for 14 years, so she knew what she was doing.When the CPR failed, Rebecca immediately called 911, and Meredith was rushed to the hospital. But it was too late -- the girl was pronounced dead upon arrival, without explanation."It was the hardest thing when they called and said they don't know," stated Rebecca to. "There was no reason [for her death]. She was the healthiest 12-year-old."Rebecca decided to take a closer look at the HPV handout that she was given that morning, only to find that her daughter apparently suffered certain rare side effects caused by the vaccine . But when the media caught wind of the story, damage control was quickly engaged, with a professor and medical doctor from the Milwaukee Health Department claiming that the vaccine wasn't to blame.This doctor and professor is known as Geoffrey Swain, andreports that he has sucked heavily from the teat of Big Vaccine. According to Dr. Swain's resume, which is available through the Center for Urban Population Health (CUPH), this pro-vaccine spokesman has accepted more than $1 million from vaccine interests to defend and promote vaccines.More than $900,000 of this bounty came from the CDC, which apparently tasked Dr. Swain with investigating immunization rates (whatever that means). Another nearly $160,000 was given by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, a non-profit organization that promotes vaccines and looks for new ways to get more people vaccinated.Dr. Swain's resume is available for viewing here:[PDF].It is hardly surprising, then, that Dr. Swain publicly dismissed the concerns of the Prohaska family about the safety of Gardasil. In typical shill fashion, Dr. Swain quickly reassured the public that Gardasil is "very, very safe," also emphasizing that it's a "very safe vaccine and very effective."Of course it is, Dr. $wain. http://www.cuph.org [PDF]
2.5 Watts and a wire!
Recently I have had the desire to get into HF. I talk to friends and they are always telling me about these far away places they have contacted. Some I have never heard of. The stories of DXpeditions and exotic locations. Also, with my 3D printing business I have been working on a line of parts that was mainly geared towards portable HF operation. Things like end insulators, center insulators and wire wrappers. I have been relying on others to test these things out for me. While this is all fine and dandy, I wanted to get out use the stuff and make some contacts for myself! I decided portable operation was going to fit my lifestyle at the moment, plus I love the outdoors!
After many many days of research I settled on picking up a Yaesu FT-817ND. It fit the bill as far as what I was looking for. It's light weight, extremely portable and low power draw. Even has a internal battery. Along with that I picked up a LDG Electronics Z-817H auto tuner for the FT-817ND. It works off 4 AA batteries, it's compact, and has one button tuning connected directly to the radio. It was like Christmas when it arrived at the house!
Then came the hard part. The antenna….. What antenna should I use? I looked at all kinds of designs from, band cut dipoles, loops, end fed, off center fed and more. All the research will really make you go cross eyed. I knew one thing though. For the first antenna, I want it to be extremely portable, quick to deploy and work relatively decent. after lots of research I came across The EARCHI End Fed antenna. The club in Hawaii use to sell this antenna and it got great reviews all over the internet. They no longer sale the antenna but they graciously publish the plans for it here. Great I can build that! I ordered some toroids and some wire and I was off to the races! I wound the toroid just as described and built a 9:1 UNUN. I think quickly printed a enclosure and got it all put together.
For the element I ended up using 14ga stranded THHN. I cut it to 36 feet (A little longer to allow for end insulator and tuning) after doing to some reading on Balun Designs Website. That paper can be found here. I got it all soldered up and thrown into a tree. I don't have my external battery all setup yet so I thought I would hook everything up and spin the VFO a little and see if I could at least hear anything and maybe throw out my call. I got everything hooked up, turned on the radio and switched over to 20 meters. I hear that is a pretty decent band to work during the day. Hit the tune button. 1:1 SWR. Hey that's pretty good! Turned the dial into the general SSB portion of the 20 meter ban and I hear a strong signal coming in S9+ calling CQ! Wait! Where is my mic! I didn't unpack it from the box! Ran back in grabbed it got it plugged in and hear the guy calling CQ again. Signal still S9+! I throw out my call. KM4KTC/QRP. I listen and hear KM4KTC KK6NON 5-5 California! WOW! First QSO and contact is from North AL to Cali on 2.5 Watts! I was shocked! I switch to some different bands tuned up the antenna and listened to a few other stations. on 40 meters and others. I had other work to do, so down came the antenna and packed it all up.
The 2016 ARRL DX SSB CONTEST was starting later that day so I thought I would try some more later in the weekend. I didn't get to do anything on Saturday. But Sunday was a gorgeous day and my wife wanted to take the kids to the park! Perfect! I knew there were some trees there and a couple of picnic tables. So off I went. Got everything setup and going.(No pictures I forgot) Still using the internal battery at 2.5 watts. I had received a txt from a friend earlier in the day that said 15 meters and 10 meters were wide open. Tuned up 15 meters turned the dial and hear CQ contest CQ Contest. There is a pile up! I wait and listen a little more. I hear CR2X calling CQ again. S9+ I throw out my call! HE RESPONDS! I give my 5-9 AL He copies! I write everything down and pull out my phone to see where he is! AZORES ISLANDS! WOW I am shocked! I scroll on up the band and hear another station calling CQ. This time it was P40L in Aruba. I get a great report back and he mentions they are on 10 Meters also. So I hit the band button up to 10 Meters Tune up 1:1 SWR. Hey that's great! and here them calling CQ right were he said they were. Throw out my call and get another response. Aruba on 10 meters!
By this time the kids were worn out and the wife was ready to head back to the house so I packed it up and went home. What a weekend. My first HF contacts were QRP portable with nothing but 2.5 watts and a wire. It was a really great weekend to step into HF. Although I couldn't get through some of the pile ups and didn't get a lot of calls in the log books, the ones I got were amazing to me. I kept hearing QRP is not the way you want to start HF. Maybe, it's not for everyone. For me it's a great experience and I can't wait to do it again. I realize I am not always going to have the same outcome and that's ok. I will still have fun and that is what the hobby is about.
Hope to see you in the logbook!
73's
Share. Monstrously mundane
PlayStation Vita is a great device for a card-battling game like Monster Monpiece. The handheld's pick-up-and-play nature means that you can easily progress a fight at a time in Monster Monpiece, and its touch screen makes for intuitive and tactile interfacing when customizing your deck or facing down a digital foe. Unfortunately, Monster Monpiece falls far short of taking advantage of its own inherent potential -- and that of its native hardware -- leaving Uncharted: Fight For Fortune as the uncontested king of Vita card battlers (not that that's saying much).
I tip my hat to publisher Idea Factory for keeping the Japanese voice acting intact, but developer Compile Heart hasn't exactly been known for its great storytelling, and Monster Monpiece isn't about to break the trend. Its plot is about as nonsensical as they come, even by the distressingly low bar set by many of its niche peers. You take on the role of a young girl named May and her "Monster Girl" companion Fia, and pretty much from the beginning, its story does nothing but stand in the way of actually playing the game. Dialogue is boring and often drones on and on, characters are totally uninteresting and all-too-often indistinguishable from one another, and environments in which these interactions take place are pretty much all the same.
The situation improves when you're not mired in needless conversations that expand upon a mindless story. The card-battling fundamentals at the center of Monster Monpiece are intriguing, albeit somewhat shallow. You can customize your deck with up to 40 cards that come in four different types -- melee, ranged, support, and healer -- and the objective is to mix these cards up in battle to overwhelm your opponent's base. All cards share two statistics -- attack and hit points -- and certain types of cards have their own statistical bonuses (like MP for healers and INT for support cards). The beauty of a system so simple is that it's easy to comprehend, though I certainly would have loved something a bit deeper and more nuanced.
Still, some nuance can be found on the field of (card) battle. In Monster Monpiece's litany of one-on-one duels, you can place up to nine cards at a time on a grid that never gets larger than three squares by seven squares. You can double-up like cards, whether by color or type, to buff-out your position. Placing healer and support cards behind melee and ranged cards can make them stronger and keep them from dying. And since the entire system revolves around a limited amount of mana, you have to be strategic. I definitely got sucked-in to trying to master this overarching system -- and even exploiting it -- and, judged solely on its card-battling merits, there's definitely something fun about Monster Monpiece.
Unfortunately, its aforementioned atrocious storytelling pairs with some other noticeable (and borderline flagrant) flaws to summon forth questions concerning whether it's worth getting through all of the bad to get to the good. For starters, Monster Monpiece's card upgrade system isn't only nonsensical; it's stupid. To upgrade a card, you have to turn your Vita vertically and rub the cards -- almost always adorned with a scantily clad "Monster Girl" -- in order to find all-too-predictable "pleasure points" on the body. Sometimes, she'll shed clothes and gain some statistical boosts; other times, she'll actually gain permanent statistical deficits. Not only am I unsure of whom this kind of gimmick is aimed at, but it's a gimmick that makes Monster Monpiece virtually unplayable in its full form in public. That's weird, of course, since it's a Vita game, but either way, as a lifelong fan of Japanese games, I found Monster Monpiece to be supremely off-putting, tasteless, and embarrassing in this respect.
Then there's the question of actually traveling around Monster Monpiece's fictional world, a world completely devoid of personality and uniqueness. There's one thing when characters are boring and dialogue is drab. It's another when the world is mind-numbingly blah. Getting from battle to battle on top-down maps is fine, I guess, but without a sense of discovery, without being invested in anything going on around Monster Monpiece's core gameplay, what's the point of playing it at all? It has absolutely no hook, especially if you aren't wholly compelled by its card-fighting mechanics.
A glimmer of light can be found online, though. Whether via PSN or ad-hoc, you can connect with other Monster Monpiece players to pit your deck of cards against theirs. You can even fully customize the rules, which is a nice touch (single-player campaign battles pretty much use the same rules over and over again). But getting a competent deck of cards requires you to spend 15 or 20 hours with the single-player game, and it's probably not worth the trouble. And then there's the question of balanced match-making, which doesn't seem to exist, either.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Liberal Democrats flexed their muscles by coming together to block approval of the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Last night's vote was the first move by a group of Democrats that are set to give Senate Republicans major headaches over the next two years.
Politico reported,
The defeat of the Keystone XL pipeline in the Senate marked a major show of muscle for next year's new hell-no caucus: liberals.
… It was a remarkable move for a group that has stood behind Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) over the years, as he sought to protect vulnerable moderates, like Landrieu and some of her now-ousted colleagues, from taking tough votes on divisive environmental, health care and social issues. … But red-state Democrats like Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Mark Begich of Alaska are on their way out, and liberals like Jeff Merkley, Bernie Sanders and Sheldon Whitehouse — with Elizabeth Warren leading the way on messaging — may cause as many headaches for Senate Republicans as tea partyers caused Democrats in the past four years.
The good news that comes from being in the Senate minority is that the Democrats who are still there are much more liberal and will play a bigger role in the caucus. Bernie Sanders, who is an Independent who caucuses with the Democrats, Elizabeth Warren, Sheldon Whitehouse, and Jeff Merkley are just four of the members of the Democratic caucus will play a larger role in shaping policy. The Democrats no longer have to protect and cater to red state Democrats.
For every Keystone XL that will pass with the support of oil and gas state Democrats, there are three Republican bills that won't. The Hell No caucus isn't going to obstruct everything, but they are going stand up for the principles and values of the left.
For example, Senate Republican attacks on regulations that protect the environment are going to be in trouble. Anything that tries to expand Citizens United will likely die, tax reform disguised as a gift to the wealthy will not go very far.
The rules of the Senate make it impossible for Mitch McConnell to do what John Boehner is doing in the House. In the Senate, the minority has power and rights. Republicans abused this power to stop the Senate from functioning. The liberals are promising not to do the same, but life is about to get very difficult for Mitch McConnell and company.
The rise of the Senate liberals in combination with President Obama's leftward shift may result in the Republican congressional majority being boxed in.
Senate liberals are leading the fight towards 2016, and yesterday's rejection of Keystone XL was a warning shot designed to let Republicans know that there is a new day coming.
*** Note: The Hell No caucus isn't an official Senate group, but a collection of liberals who have a set of common ideas that will more often than not vote together.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
BBM Motorsport has introduced a new tuning program for the BMW 330d Touring (E91).
Designed to offer a noticeable performance boost, the car has been equipped with an optimized ECU, a Pipercross air filter and a Supersprint sports exhaust system. Thanks to these modifications, the 3.0-liter six-cylinder engine develops 274 HP (201 kW) and 859 Nm (633 lb-ft) of torque - an increase of 43 HP (31 kW) and 339 Nm (250 lb-ft) of torque.
Besides the performance modifications, the car features a matte red foil wrap, a gloss black grille and tinted lighting units. The model has also been equipped with a KW Street Comfort coilover suspension and 19-inch BBS alloy wheels.
Interior changes are limited but include matte red trim, a "digital speed display system" and a "comfort eject function" that automatically ejects the key when the engine stop button is pressed.
With 7:22 left in the fourth quarter Monday, Spurs center Dewayne Dedmon picked up his second technical foul, this one for jawing with Houston's Patrick Beverley.
He did not pass Go, but jogged directly into the locker room, ejected from Game 1 of the Western Conference semifinals.
It hardly seemed fair the rest of the Spurs had to stick around to watch what was left of this abomination.
Behind a 3-point barrage unprecedented in either team's playoff history, the Rockets routed the Spurs 126-99 at the AT&T Center, delivering the type of series-opening salvo that could test the losing team's ability to recover.
"At this point," Spurs guard Manu Ginobili said, trying to sort out the postmortem, "we feel like everything we did was wrong."
With James Harden playing maestro on his way to 20 points and 14 rebounds, and the Spurs' own offense going M.I.A., Houston gave Gregg Popovich the largest Game 1 loss of his career.
The previous worst was a 19-point shellacking against New Orleans to open the 2008 Western Conference semifinals, a series the Spurs eventually won in seven games.
If the Spurs aim to get past the Rockets in this series, they will require a Haz-Mat crew to clean up all that went awry Monday.
Start with the 3-point line, where Houston made a franchise playoff-record 22 shots, attempting an NBA playoff-record 50.
"I don't think we executed in a very wise manner," said Popovich, whose team had never allowed more than 15 3-pointers in a postseason game before Monday. "We disobeyed a lot of basic basketball rules that they can take advantage of."
The Spurs were behind by 11 points at the end of the first quarter, a deficit that swelled to an almost unbelievable 69-39 at half.
There was no coming back from that.
Trevor Ariza threw in 23 points and five 3-pointers for the Rockets. Clint Capela chipped in 20 points and 13 rebounds. Ryan Anderson had 14 points and another four 3-pointers.
Afterward, the Rockets said all the right things.
"It's big, but we can't settle," is how Harden framed a night that saw his team lead by as many as 39. "Game 1 is good for us, but we have to get greedy."
Curiously for a coach whose team had just given up 126 points and more 3-pointers than any other club in franchise history, Popovich spent most of his postgame presser bemoaning the Spurs' lack of offense.
Back to Gallery Rockets make statement, humble Spurs in Game 1 5 1 of 5 Photos: Karen Warren/Houston Chronicle 2 of 5 Photos: Karen Warren/Houston Chronicle 3 of 5 Photos: Edward A. Ornelas/San Antonio Express-News 4 of 5 Photos: Edward A. Ornelas/San Antonio Express-News 5 of 5 Photos: Karen Warren/Houston Chronicle
Quick shots, he said, led to missed shots which led to run-out opportunities for the ultra-athletic Rockets that were near-impossible to defend.
"If we're going to shoot quickly and shoot poorly, it's going to be a fast-break deal all night long," said Popovich, whose team was 31 of 84 with 15 turnovers. "And they're better at that than we are."
Save for Kawhi Leonard, who had 21 points, 11 rebounds and six assists in 32 minutes, the offensive meltdown was more or less a team effort.
Reserve the opposite of a gold star for LaMarcus Aldridge, who labored through his worst playoff game as a Spur.
Coming into Monday, the Spurs thought they could use the five-time All-Star's size to punish Houston's small-ball lineups.
That didn't happen.
Aldridge finished with four points, had as many field goals as turnovers (two), and seemed unsure of himself all night.
"I definitely have to help out Kawhi," Aldridge said. "He competed, we all competed, but I have to take my time down there and make them pay."
Even when the Spurs could get Aldridge matched on a Rocket he should abuse, it didn't work out.
One example, early in the second quarter: Aldridge had the ball with nothing between him and the basket but Beverley, the Rockets' 6-foot-2 point guard.
Beverley stripped him, giving way to a Lou Williams 3-pointer the other way.
"I've just got to take my time," Aldridge said. "I thought tonight I was trying to rush because there were so many mismatches on me."
It was a far cry from Game 1 of last year's conference semifinals, when Aldridge erupted for 38 points and the Spurs beat Oklahoma City by 31.
The Thunder recovered to win that series, a memory that offers the Spurs only lukewarm comfort now.
Popovich said he doesn't worry about a carryover for Wednesday's Game 2. Ginobili, the Spurs' oldest player, said he frankly didn't know how this Spurs team will react.
"We're not used to something like this happening," Ginobili said.
With 9:27 left in a game already far gone, Popovich subbed in rookie point guard Dejounte Murray, the last member of his bench.
He was officially waving the white flag. The Rockets had long since signaled their intention to offer no quarter.
By then, the answer seemed obvious. Maybe Dedmon had the right idea.
jmcdonald@express-news.net
Twitter: @JMcDonald_SAEN
MILPITAS — Police are searching for a pair of shotgun-toting prowlers who were caught on surveillance camera slinking through the backyard of a home earlier this month.
Related Articles Suspect sought in beating of woman on Mountain View trail
Bitter dispute between county, sheriff over jail system ensnares IT workers
Man sues police two years after being shot in naked truck-driving rampage
Hayward man suspected of DUI in San Bruno rear-end crash
South Bay track coach arrest culminates two decades of quiet suspicion A resident of a home on Eagle Ridge Drive called police around 4:30 a.m. on Jan. 18 to report seeing two men in the backyard. Officers searched the area but did not find anyone.
Police said a review of surveillance camera footage showed the suspects climbing over a rear fence, possibly near Ornellas Drive. One of them appeared to be carrying a shotgun.
The same prowlers were caught on a different surveillance camera on Lisbon Court in San Jose about 30 minutes prior to the incident on Eagle Ridge Drive, according to police.
Police on Monday released images of the men.
Anyone who recognizes the suspects can contact the Milpitas Police Department at 408-586-2400. Residents also are urged to call 911 if they spot the men in their neighborhood.
I-Team: Las Vegas church labeled as hate group Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. I-Team- Las Vegas church labeled a hate group_20160706061503 prev next
LAS VEGAS - A new church in Las Vegas is being called a hate group. The I-Team visited the church to find out why and discovered the church members disagree.
The church's philosophy dictates if a person not part of certain races, he or she will eventually be a slave for the church's members. Church leaders say they are not a hate group, because they claim they don't hurt anyone.
Preaching on the streets and spreading its message worldwide, the Israel United in Christ (IUIC) Church is now setting up a location in Las Vegas.
“We're not fooled by the American philosophy that we love everybody, no. We understand who our enemies are through the Bible. That's the wisdom that we have through the Bible,” said Israel United in Christ Officer Ben Gabar Israel. “The enemies are the other nations. That's who the enemy is.”
That means anyone who is not part of the 12 tribes referred to in the Old Testament, according to Gabar Israel, is an enemy.
“Christ was a so-called Black man that looks like us,” he said.
He says only certain races are welcome to worship at the church.
“So-called Black people, Caribbeans, our people are scattered throughout the world – so-called Hispanic and Native American Indians. Those are the 12 tribes of Israel,” he said.
He says the other races are destined to be slaves in the church's “kingdom”.
IUIC officially opened a location on Sahara Avenue, blocks from the Strip, in May.
“This country is not here to help us. It's not here to lift us up. It's here to destroy us,” Gabar Israel said.
That is what is being preached in southern Nevada neighborhoods. Officer Gabar, who lives in Las Vegas, says he's been a member of the church for three years after leaving a Christian church. More than 30 people have joined him.
“I was in church 40 years not knowing who I was. I still thought I was Black. Black is a color in a crayon box, but we are the Israelites according to the Bible,” he said.
For many questions during the I-Team interview, Officer Gabar replied with Bible verses.
“All of the other nations that came against us… sold us into slavery, that are oppressing us, they're going to be slaves in the kingdom. We're going to put the ruling people in the kingdom under Christ,” he said. “The most high God was never about bringing everybody together. He was always about separation.”
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which dubs itself as an anti-hate, non-profit organization, identifies IUIC as a Black, separatist, hate group; typically wanting separate institutions, opposing integration and espousing anti-White and anti-Semitic views.
“They're not the real Jews. We are the real Jews,” Gabar said.
He insists IUIC is not a hate group, and violence is never incited.
“We're pushing love of our people by keeping God's Commandments in the faith of Christ. That way, we can build a nation. That way, when I see my brother in the street, I don't see a (expletive); I see Christ,” he said.
During a recent service, he said security was ready to keep out anyone who didn't belong.
“He has sent me to heal the broken hearted,” he said during the sermon. “Who's the broken hearted? Our people.”
The church promotes two-parent homes, and opposes same-sex and interracial marriages.
It also bans pre-marital sex. If a couple has sex before marriage, the members are kicked out of the church. Gabar calls that “whoredom”.
The church opposes smoking, drinking of alcohol to get drunk and illegal drug use.
The church does not provide soup kitchens for the needy, stating it is up to individuals to help themselves.
Officer Gabar says members of Israel United in Christ are not encouraged to vote in political elections.
In his must-read book, Adventures in the Screen Trade, William Goldman says, “Yes, nifty dialogue helps one hell of a lot; sure, it's nice if you can bring your characters to life. But you can have terrific characters spouting just swell talk to each other, and if the structure is unsound, forget it.”
And of course, the opposite is also true. Having a well executed structure helps one hell of a lot. But if you can't bring your characters fully to life, and they walk around spouting flat dialogue, forget it.
Because your script is only as strong as its weakest link.
Which explains why there is such a huge failure rate among writers trying to break into the business. Many find themselves only able to get half of the equation right. They can come up with big concepts and a solid enough story, but are forever told their characters are flat and one-dimensional. Or they can nail characters and dialogue, but always come up lacking in the structure department.
Most writers know which part they excel at and which part is holding them back. But they don't know what to do about it. They read the books and take the seminars, but it never seems to help. In fact, it often ends up hurting their writing because a bunch of rules and formulas is never the answer.
The real solution comes from understanding how to identify your weaknesses and turn them into strengths through a process known as creative integration. In my recent guest spot on Pilar Alessandra's On the Page podcast, I explained how writers can achieve creative integration. I invite you to listen to our interview below:
Posted in Corey's Blog | August 9, 2012
About the author
Corey Mandell is an award-winning playwright and screenwriter who has written projects for Ridley Scott, Wolfgang Petersen, Harrison Ford, Meg Ryan, Julia Roberts, John Travolta, Warner Brothers, Universal, 20th Century Fox, Fox 2000, Fox Family, Working Title, Paramount, Live Planet, Beacon Films, Touchstone, Trilogy, Radiant, Kopelson Entertainment and Walt Disney Pictures. Corey is a distinguished instructor at UCLA, where he earned his MFA. In the past three years, his students have gone on to sell or option scripts to Warner Brothers, Paramount, Sony Pictures, Disney, Fox, MGM, Universal, Showtime, FX, USA Network, NBC, HBO, MTV and AMC. Others have been staffed on such as Community, The Fosters, Bones, Justified, Young and Hungry, Playing House, The Mentalist, Marvel's Agents of Shield, Up All Night, State of Affairs, Rosewood and Treme.
Share. Plus, creator Matt Groening talks Futurama's future and Spider Pig! Plus, creator Matt Groening talks Futurama's future and Spider Pig!
Creator of The Simpsons Matt Groening took the stage at Comic-Con along with Simpsons showrunner Al Jean, animator/director David Silverman, and director Mike Anderson, to announce the air date of this year's Treehouse of Horror special and talk a little bit about Season 26 and the upcoming Simpsons/Futurama crossover episode.
Treehouse of Horror will actually air before Halloween this year - October 19th - and it will feature a segment that Stanley Kubrick fans are sure to appreciate called "Clockwork Yellow," a parody of Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange. Fans on hand got to see a sneak peek of it, featuring Moe in the Malcolm McDowell "Alex" role.
FXX Marathoning Every Simpsons Episode Ever
And for those out there who are fans of songs from The Simpsons, there will be a series of events in September at The Hollywood Bowl where the voice cast and Weird Al Yankovic will perform famous musical numbers from the show.
And, of course, no Simpsons panel in 2014 would be complete without Groening interacting with Holographic Homer...
Other news? Spider Pig will be back in Season 26. Plus, there's apparently a couch gag coming up "so nightmarish it will change your DNA," Groening says.
The upcoming Simpsons/Futurama crossover episode will air in November, and will feature the whole cast of Futurama. Groening said that there are no current plans to bring back Futurama, but that he'd be meeting with the Futurama people tomorrow morning, over waffles, to discuss the show's future.
As for The Simpsons itself, the question was posed to the panel, very basically, "Will The Simpsons end?"
"No," Groening said, "we're going to be around for a while.
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN. Follow him on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/Showrenity.
The electronic pulltab sales slated to help fund the Vikings stadium are nowhere near their projected target, even after the state lowered that target last month, a House committee learned Wednesday.
About 120 restaurants and bars now offer the video pulltab devices, a far cry from the 2,500 projected to be up and running by July. And gross sales through December were $4.2 million, far behind the $17.2 million projected to be raised by the end of July.
"I am more concerned than when I walked in," said Rep. Joe Atkins, DFL-Inver Grove Heights, chair of the House Committee on Commerce and Regulatory Reform, which was briefed on the pulltab progress.
"The revised revenue forecast, which already is lower [than the original forecast], is based on projections from 2,500 sites," he said. "We've got 120 now. That would be a twentyfold increase by July."
Tom Barrett, executive director of the Minnesota Gambling Control Board, said it is unlikely that 2,500 gambling sites will be up and running by summer. The board plans to meet with revenue officials to discuss the situation, he told the committee.
The sale of electronic pulltabs, run by Minnesota charities, was supposed to generate $348 million in taxes to underwrite the state's share of the cost of a new Vikings stadium.
But the electronic pulltab games, introduced in September, have pulled in just $4.2 million in gross receipts -- and $635,000 in net receipts after prizes were paid.
Barrett attributed the slower-than-expected growth to charities' desire for more competition among vendors and to the roughly $800 upfront costs to bar owners to install wireless connections for the games.
Metrodome analogy
But Rep. Greg Davids, R-Preston, said that the projections were unrealistic to begin with.
"When the Metrodome was funded in the mid-1970s, they had to re-write legislation to make [funding] work," said Davids. "We could find ourselves in a similar situation."
Matt Massman, deputy commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Revenue, told the committee that under the revised budget forecast, pulltab sales were projected to bring in $17.2 million by July, and then $53 million over the next two years.
"The biggest driver isn't the number of [electronic gambling] sites," he said, "but the rate at which new ones are added."
Legislation pondered
Atkins asked the Gambling Control Board to report back to the committee at least monthly. Wednesday's hearing, he said, was held to get a baseline report on the status of pulltab revenue, to lay the groundwork for possible future legislation.
"Electronic pulltabs are like the Christian Ponder of state government," he said, referring to the inconsistent Vikings quarterback. "There were high expectations going in. But people are a little leery now."
Possible legislation could include:
• Adding new locations for selling electronic pulltabs beyond the bars, restaurants and fraternal halls now offering them. Several bars at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, for example, soon will offer the electronic games. There has been discussion about selling them in grocery stores as well.
"Are there other places they ought to be?" Atkins asked.
• Fixing kinks in the regulatory process that are delaying swift approval of game manufacturers. There are currently two approved manufacturers.
The Minnesota Department of Public Safety's background checks on manufacturers can take months. One manufacturer whose background check was submitted in August is still awaiting approval, according to the Gambling Control Board report.
• Removing a provision that requires paper pulltabs to be sold in the same place as electronic pulltabs.
• Creating additional funding sources if needed.
"There's definitely concern by legislators about the funding source," said Atkins. "The numbers are pretty stark at this point.
"We're hoping for good news in the months to come. Lacking that, I expect there will be a greater call for changes."
Jean Hopfensperger • 612-673-4511
A rocket has been fired from southern Lebanon towards Israel, Lebanese media and security sources say.
The rocket launch could be heard from the Lebanese town of Marjayoun, about 10km (6 miles) from the Israeli border, the National News Agency reported.
The Israeli military said it was investigating reports from residents of the northern Israeli town of Metula that they had heard an explosion.
However, no launch was detected and there were no reports of any damage.
"An explosion was heard. Soldiers are searching the area. The cause is still being investigated," an Israeli military spokeswoman told Reuters news agency.
A second Israeli military source said it was probably a mortar.
It is not clear who was responsible, but the military wing of the Shia Islamist movement, Hezbollah, and several Palestinian militant groups are known to operate in southern Lebanon.
Earlier, two rockets were fired into an area of the capital, Beirut, controlled by Hezbollah, wounding at least four people. It came a day after the group's leader, Hassan Nasrallah, promised it would stay in the Syrian conflict to the very end as Lebanese interests were at stake.
Zimbabwe 136 for 7 (Waller 40, Jongwe 34, Madziva 28*, Al-Amin 3-20) beat Bangladesh 135 for 9 (Anamul 47, Panyangara 3-30) by three wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Neville Madziva made an impression with ball and bat © Associated Press
Zimbabwe chased down Bangladesh's lowly 135 for 9 in what was a cracking finish to the second T20 in Mirpur: they won by three wickets, with a six, with one ball to spare, registering their first victory against the hosts on this tour. Once again it was Malcolm Waller who led Zimbabwe's counterattack, before the crowd was silenced when Neville Madziva swung hard at fifth ball of the final over, sending it flying over the long-on boundary to get the visitors the six more they needed.
With 18 needed off the last over, Nasir Hossain struck with his offspin, getting rid of the dangerous Waller, who holed out to long-on for 40 off 26 balls. The next ball, Madziva - who had already got his eye in having played 15 balls - struck a six over cover, before taking two down the ground and swinging wildly at a full, wide delivery to get the ball past backward point for another four. So six was needed off the last two, one more ball than Madziva required. His winning hit went so high that the crowd held its breath, even as Madziva started celebrating. He had made 28 off 19 balls, singlehandedly producing all 18 needed in the last over. How Bangladesh must have rued the moment in the previous over, then, when he had edged through to Mushfiqur Rahim only for the umpires to find on the replay that Mustafizur Rahman had overstepped - an extremely tight but just call.
Zimbabwe had made a poor start with the bat, like they did in the first T20 and all three ODIs on this tour. Sikandar Raza and Sean Williams got out to the first two deliveries sent down by Al-Amin Hossain. Raza was well caught by Mushfiqur after the ball took the inside edge. Williams was done in by an inswinger, which sent the crowd into frenzy.
In the fifth over Regis Chakabva skied Mustafizur's second ball after nearly popping a return-catch off the first one (which also broke his bat). Zimbabwe further slipped in the eighth over when Craig Ervine was run out after a mix-up with Luke Jongwe. Soon after, captain Elton Chigumbura was out for a duck and it seemed Bangladesh were well on top.
But the Waller-Jongwe partnership changed the momentum for Zimbabwe. They added 55 runs quickly with Waller once again being the enforcer, hitting three sixes in the arc between wide long-on and midwicket. Zimbabwe needed 84 off the last 10 overs and the sixth-wicket pair picked up 41 runs in the next five overs to keep them in the hunt.
Jongwe was dismissed when he couldn't get Al-Amin away in the 16th over, getting caught at square leg for 34 off 38 balls. Mustafizur then bowled a telling third over, the 17th of the innings, getting five dot balls and conceding just three runs.
It left Zimbabwe needing 34 runs off the last three overs, and finally Madziva connected properly. He struck fours over short fine-leg and backward point. Ten runs came from this over and the 19th over started with Waller flapping Mustafizur over fine leg for a boundary, all building up to a tense final over.
Earlier, Mashrafe Mortaza chose to bat, Tamim Iqbal and Imrul Kayes got Bangladesh off to a fast start, hitting three fours and two sixes between them in the first 3.1 overs. Tamim struck the sixes off Madziva, but fell to the same bowler, caught at long-on by Chigumbura. Next over it was Kayes' turn to head to the pavilion after he was brilliantly caught at point by Williams, who dived full length to his left to pluck the low square-drive. And Bangladesh's run rate quickly slowed.
Mushfiqur tried to put the pressure back at the Zimbabwe but he fell to a catch at long-leg while slog sweeping, and Sabbir Rahman and Anamul Haque added 39 runs but used up over six overs before Sabbir was given leg-before. Most of the rest were out trying to get the big shots away, with the Bangladesh innings becoming even more sluggish.
Anamul batted till the final over to get 47 off 51 balls with three boundaries, two of which came in the 16th over through inside-out shots over cover. Otherwise it was an innings that had hardly any fluency - he played out 18 dot balls.
Tinashe Panyangara was, for the umpteenth time, the best bowler on show taking 3 for 30 in his four overs, while there were two each for Madziva and legspinner Graeme Cremer. Zimbabwe allowed the home batsmen only only 33 runs in the last five overs, taking five wickets. Eventually, that made the difference.
Mohammad Isam is ESPNcricinfo's Bangladesh correspondent. @isam84
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
IRELAND IS TO become the first country in the world to carry out a national LGBT youth strategy.
The strategy aims to address the challenges faced by young members of Ireland's LGBT community.
Young people around Ireland are being urged to get involved and share their views over the coming months, with events organised around the country.
Children's Minister Katherine Zappone is today launching the online questionnaire for the strategy at Facebook headquarters in Dublin.
While consultations are taking place online, a meeting for all young people who want to get involved will take place in Dublin on 6 May.
Young members of the LGBT community are encouraged to attend roadshows in Sligo, Dundalk, Waterford, Galway and Cork in the coming months.
The programme plans to consult young people between the age of 15-24 about all aspects of their lives so as to provide key recommendations in certain policy areas.
“Today we invite young people across Ireland to be part of history. Through Facebook Live and an online consultation with Spunout.ie they will help form the world's first LGBTI+ National Youth Strategy,” said the minister.
Images of the Dublin Castle Courtyard with a sea of Rainbow and Irish flags flashed across the globe two years ago as a beacon of hope after Marriage Equality. Now with this strategy we are once again taking a lead.
Hyakunin Isshu Abe no Nakamaro from
In this Japanese name , the family name is Abe.
Abe no Nakamaro (阿倍 仲麻呂, c. 698 – c. 770), whose Chinese name was Chao Heng (Chinese: 晁衡, pronounced Chōkō in Japanese), was a Japanese scholar and waka poet of the Nara period. He moved to Tang dynasty China and served as the Tang jiedushi (governor) of Annam (modern Vietnam).[1]
Early life [ edit ]
He was a descendant of Prince Hikofutsuoshi Makoto, the son of Emperor Kōgen and first son of Abe no Funamori. As a young man he was admired for having outstanding academic skills.
Career [ edit ]
In 717-718, he was part of the Japanese mission to Tang China (Kentōshi) along with Kibi no Makibi[2] and Genbō.[3] They returned to Japan; he did not.
In China, he passed the civil-service examination. Around 725, he took an administrative position and was promoted in Luoyang in 728 and 731. Around 733 he received Tajihi Hironari, who would command the Japanese diplomatic mission. In 734 he tried to return to Japan but the ship to take him back sank not long into the journey, forcing him to remain in China for several more years. In 752, he tried again to return, with the mission to China led by Fujiwara no Kiyokawa, but the ship he was traveling in was wrecked and ran aground off the coast of Vietnam, but he managed to return to Chang'an in 755.
When the Lushan Rebellion started later that year, it was unsafe to return to Japan and Nakamaro abandoned his hopes of returning to his homeland. He took several government offices and rose to the position of Governor-General of Annam between 761 and 767, residing in Hanoi. He then returned to Chang'an and was planning his return to Japan when he died in 770.
He was a close friend of the Chinese poets Li Bai and Wang Wei, Zhao Hua, Bao Xin, and Chu Guangxi.[1]
Legacy [ edit ]
One Hundred Poets This image of Abe no Nakamaro is part Hokusai's series
From his literary work he is most famous for a poem filled with intense longing for his home in Nara. One of his poems was included in the anthology Hyakunin Isshu[4] and in the Kokin Wakashū.
Japanese text Romanized Japanese English translation[5] 天原 ふりさけ見れば 春日なる みかさの山に 出し月かも ama-no-hara furisake mireba kasuga naru mikasa no yama ni ideshi tsuki kamo When I look up into the vast sky tonight, is it the same moon that I saw rising from behind Mt. Mikasa at Kasuga Shrine all those years ago?
Abe's place in Japanese cultural history is confirmed in Hokusai's Hyakunin Isshu series of ukiyo-e woodblock prints.[6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Media related to Abe no Nakamaro at Wikimedia Commons
LAS VEGAS National Security Agency director Gen. Keith Alexander was met with cheers and heckling Wednesday at the Black Hat conference in Las Vegas, an annual meeting of hackers and cybersecurity professionals.
Alexander was asked to give the keynote address at the conference before former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents to the media about PRISM -- a government surveillance program that collected metadata over telecommunication lines. Black Hat organizers say that he could have easily backed out, but chose to attend open a dialog with the hacking community.
The mood was one of respectful skepticism among a majority of audience members. But halfway through the address, which promised to answer tough questions in the wake of the PRISM leak, some in the audience decided they had heard enough.
Alexander was speaking about ways the controversial initiative FAA 702 has thwarted terrorism plots, when he said of the NSA: "We stand for freedom."
"Bulls***," a heckler in an audience of hundreds yelled out. After a handful of claps, he continued, "You lied to Congress. Why should we believe you're not lying to us?"
Unfazed by the comment, Alexander calmly replied, "I did not lie to Congress."
Rogers: NSA program stops real terrorist attacks
Alexander spent the majority of his speech explaining how the U.S. government arrived at its current cybersecurity posture and where to go next. The director pointed at some of the major terrorist attacks in the last 20 years, like the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993, the U.S.S. Cole bombing in 2000, and the September 11th attacks as examples of why the intelligence community had to step up its data gathering.
"The intelligence community failed to connect the dots," Alexander said.
Addressing the concerns that NSA analysts can access the personal data of Americans at will, Alexander said there is a misconception about how much information is being accessed, adding that the program can be completely audited.
Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Russell Martin celebrates with his teammates their win against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. (Photo11: David Banks, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights The Pirates clinched their first playoff berth in 21 years
Pittsburgh defeated the Chicago Cubs, 2-1
The game ended with a play at the plate where Russell Martin tagged out Nate Schierholtz
CHICAGO (AP) — The Pittsburgh Pirates are headed to the playoffs for the first time in 21 years, clinching at least a National League wild card Monday night when they beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 and the Washington Nationals lost to St. Louis.
It will be Pittsburgh's first trip to the postseason since Barry Bonds, Jim Leyland and Co. won three straight NL East titles from 1990-92. Bonds then left for San Francisco as a free agent, and the small-budget Pirates piled up 20 consecutive losing records — the longest streak in the four major professional sports.
"Even though I didn't lose for the last 20 years, they make you feel like you are. You feel like you lost those 20 years," Andrew McCutchen said. "That's all you hear. You hear it every single day — 'When's it going to change? You think this is the year?' You get sick and tired of hearing that. It's awesome that there won't be any questions anymore. The question is are we going to be able to go farther."
BOX SCORE: Pirates 2, Cubs 1
Starling Marte hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning at Wrigley Field, and the Pirates threw out a runner at the plate for the final out.
The Pirates sprayed each other with champagne and beer and sparking cider in the visitors' clubhouse once St. Louis' 4-3 win over the Nationals became final.
The Cincinnati Reds also clinched at least a wild-card berth, when they beat the New York Mets 3-2 in 10 innings. The Pirates and Reds, both 90-67, trail St. Louis by two games in the NL Central with five to go.
FINAL WEEK: Top eight storylines
Pittsburgh players sang Journey's "Don't Stop Believing." Players chanted "MVP! MVP!" while dousing McCutchen. They took pictures and manager Clint Hurdle had them gather for a group photo in the middle of the cramped visitors' clubhouse.
"The people of Pittsburgh have been waiting a long time," said Neil Walker, who homered.
The Pirates snapped a 1-all tie when Marte sent a drive off Kevin Gregg (2-6) with two outs in the ninth into the left field bleachers.
In a fitting coincidence, they preserved the victory on the final out in a play at the plate.
McCutchen, the center fielder, picked up Ryan Sweeney's bloop single after the ball hit off right fielder Marlon Byrd's glove and threw to first baseman Justin Morneau, positioned just in front of home plate. Morneau made the relay to catcher Russell Martin, who applied the tag on Nate Schierholtz. Schierholtz had tried to score from first base.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Still on his knees, Martin held the ball over his head in jubilation.
The Pirates' last trip to the playoffs ended with Atlanta's Sid Bream sliding home with the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 7 of the 1992 NL championship series.
Jason Grili grabbed Martin, having escaped with his 32nd save in 34 chances.
"Twenty-one years since we popped champagne in a Pirates — and we're acting like it's been a long time," Hurdle said. "The hard work, the fun. I'm just proud of each and every man in here, the fans they represent, ownership, general manager, president ... the scouts, players. This has been a group effort for a long time."
MLB TEAMS CELEBRATE CLINCHING PLAYOFF BERTHS:
The Cubs tied it in the eighth off Mark Melancon (3-2).
Marte's 12th homer set off loud boos for Gregg (2-6), who was almost released last week after going on a rant to reporters when he thought he had lost the closer's job to Pedro Strop.
Walker homered against Jeff Samardzija in the first to give the Pirates a 1-0 lead, and Charlie Morton pitched three-hit ball over seven scoreless innings before the Cubs tied it against Melancon.
Brian Bogusevic led off the eighth with a single, his second hit, and moved up on a groundout by Darwin Barney. Then, after a wild pitch, he scored the tying run on a single by pinch-hitter Donnie Murphy.
That spoiled a terrific start for Morton, who struck out five and walked one.
Samardzija was almost as good, allowing one run and five hits over six innings. He struck out seven and walked four after going 0-1 with a 7.11 ERA in his previous four starts.
He pitched seven solid innings against Milwaukee last week but got into a disagreement with third base coach David Bell over defensive positioning in the dugout.
Samardzija's only blemish in this one came when Walker drove a 1-1 pitch out to left-center with one out in the first.
With the long ball, Walker matched a career high of 14 set last season. He has four homers in the past five games.
Samardzija settled down after that but got little support as the Cubs lost for the 10th time in 13 games.
NOTES: Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said he hasn't set his rotation for the final series against Cincinnati, beyond A.J. Burnett starting on Friday. He would not say if struggling All-Star Jeff Locke will make his scheduled start on Saturday. The left-hander got roughed up by the Reds in Sunday's loss and is 2-5 with a 6.12 ERA since the All-Star break. "We are just having those conversations," Hurdle said when asked about Locke's status. ... Martin was in the Pirates' lineup after leaving Sunday's game with soreness in his left knee, an issue he's been dealing with since late July. Martin said he was feeling better and that the Pirates would "have to fight to try to get me out of the lineup." ... RHP Gerrit Cole (9-7, 3.23 ERA) starts Tuesday for Pittsburgh, with LHP Chris Rusin (2-5, 3.52) going for Chicago.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Teachers at TOLI seminar in Lisbon gather around memorial to Jews who were killed during the inquisition. Over 30 Portuguese educators took part in the TOLI-Memoshoa seminar in Lisbon, Oct. 5-8, 2018 [...read more]
NEVER AGAIN BEGINS IN THE CLASSROOM
The mission of the Olga Lengyel Institute is to educate students in the United States, Europe and other parts of the world about human rights and social justice through the lens of the Holocaust and other genocides so that such atrocities may never again take place.
To accomplish its mission, TOLI provides professional development seminars for educators in the US and abroad that link the lessons of the Holocaust and other genocides to current world events, thereby working with teachers to promote a human rights and social justice agenda in their classrooms. Learn more.
Late-night host Stephen Colbert advised President Trump not to provoke North Korea after Pyongyang threatened the U.S.
“I don't want to be alarmist,” Colbert said on "The Late Show" Tuesday night. “But we're all gonna die.”
Colbert spoke of North Korea's threat to “teach the U.S. a severe lesson” as a response to United Nations sanctions placed on the country after the U.S.'s urging.
ADVERTISEMENT
He then showed a clip of Trump warning North Korea leader Kim Jong-un not to continue threatening the U.S, saying they will be met with “fire, fury and frankly power.”
“North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States,” Trump said. “He has been very threatening beyond a normal state, and as I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which this world has never seen before.”
"The Late Show" camera then showed an empty stage, with Colbert popping up after a few seconds to whisper to Trump: “Shut up!”
"You'll get us all killed," Colbert said. "And I just started ‘The Handmaid's Tale.' "
Perceptions of a college's quality can be notoriously difficult to budge.
If a college is well known and expensive, such thinking goes, it must be good, while inexpensive options using lesser-known models like competency-based education offer a meager substitute for the traditional residential experience.
So what does it mean when a college that uses a competency-based model earns top marks in a national ranking?
In what many observers believe to be a first, Western Governors University's competency-based teacher-education programs have landed at the top of new rankings in a report released on Tuesday by the National Council on Teacher Quality and published with U.S. News & World Report.
Competency-based models of education require students to demonstrate mastery of discrete tasks, or competencies, in order to progress in their studies. Competency-based courses are often offered online and aimed at adult students with work and family commitments. Such students often don't have time to take traditional courses, which award credits on the basis of seat time.
Western Governors was one of 10 institutions in the country to have elementary- and secondary-education programs both score among the top programs in the council's review. Its secondary-education program came in first.
"It's a verification of the fact that competency-based programs, when they're well thought-out and robust, are capable of achieving true excellence," said Phil Schmidt, dean of Western Governors' Teachers College.
The council's ratings made their debut last year and sparked an uproar among colleges of education, which the council argued were part of an "industry of mediocrity."
Critics lambasted last year's report as flawed and methodologically weak. The council rated colleges in 18 categories, based on information from the colleges' catalogs, websites, and syllabi; graduate and employer surveys; and student-teaching policies.
This year's report evaluated 2,400 teacher-preparation programs at 1,127 institutions in the same 18 categories. Last year, 98 colleges cooperated with data-collection efforts. This year, 118 did so. Students and faculty members provided the council with most of the data, said Kate Walsh, the council's president.
Advertisement
She acknowledged that the council ruffled feathers last year by adopting an oppositional stance. This year, Ms. Walsh said, it would take a more cooperative approach, though its conclusions remained grim. "The portrait of an ‘industry of mediocrity' in last year's first edition of the review remains accurate," the report's authors wrote.
‘Light Years Beyond'
Observations of future teachers' classroom skills have been criticized as lacking rigor in the council's reviews.
Western Governors' policies and expectations for such observations earned praise, and were responsible for much of its success on this year's rankings, said Julie Greenberg, a senior policy analyst for the council.
Western Governors' students are required to be observed teaching five times. Most need six observations to demonstrate all the required competencies, said Mr. Schmidt, the dean.
The university also requires that the observations be conducted at least a week apart from one another, and it sets clear standards for the ratio of positive teacher comments to students relative to negative ones.
"It's light years beyond what most programs have," said Ms. Greenberg, describing the form Western Governors uses to conduct classroom observations. The council has posted the form on its website as a model.
Western Governors has "an extremely deep-seated, sincere, internally motivated interest in the type of training" the council values, Ms. Greenberg said. "I have to imagine there's some there there."
Mr. Schmidt sees such sentiments as evidence of changing attitudes toward competency-based education. A dozen years ago, he said, his institution's model drew broad skepticism.
Accreditors had their doubts, too, said Clara M. Lovett, president emerita of Northern Arizona University and a founding trustee of Western Governors. "Things have moved a lot," she said, though she didn't think the council's new ranking would necessarily change opinions drastically.
It may, however, persuade some people to take a closer look, she said. "A ranking like this may make people stop and say, ‘I know Western Governors is different; let's find out what they're doing,'" said Ms. Lovett, who serves on the council's board.
She has also criticized prestige-driven rankings, like those by U.S. News, for ignoring community colleges, regional universities, and other institutions that she called "unsung heroes of higher education." She celebrated the news about Western Governors, saying she had "jumped up and down" when she learned of it.
But the peculiarities of reputation mean that a top ranking will probably not have a big impact on a teacher-education program, said David W. Strauss, principal of the Arts & Science Group, a strategic-consulting firm serving higher education. Rankings and prestige loom large in determining the reputation and enrollment of professional programs like business and law. Teacher-education programs tend to be chosen on the basis of convenience and proximity.
An institution like Western Governors, which graduates about 2,000 teachers a year, also has other selling points, like flexibility, cost, and availability, said Mr. Strauss.
Ms. Walsh, of the council, doubted that the ranking would budge opinions, especially among the review's most hostile critics.
"Because they view the review skeptically," she said, "I imagine this isn't going to change their opinion of Western Governors much."
For immediate release
November 10, 2017 Rachel Gumpert (908) 752-3929 rgumpert@unitehere.org
UNITE HERE Scores Biggest NLRB Election Win in Years with 78% Yes Vote of 1000 Worker Bargaining Unit
Flies in Face of Ongoing Narrative That Labor Can't Win
New York, NY – Late last night UNITE HERE won the biggest NLRB unionization vote in years, when 78% of a nearly a thousand person bargaining unit voted to unionize at Green Valley Ranch Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. The workers celebrate their win for union protection after the employer, Stations Casino, ran a bitterly anti-union campaign for decades to attempt to block worker organizing. The win, the largest successful NLRB union election victory in many years, occurred in a so-called ‘Right-to-Work' state no less.
“Today UNITE HERE proves again that not only is the media narrative that labor is dying untrue, but that working people can win against all odds when they organize together, and our union is leading the way nationally for labor to win against even the most vehemently anti-union employers and in states where the deck is stacked against workers,” said D. Taylor, International President of UNITE HERE. “Last night 78% of workers stood up to their boss and had the courage to choose a union and a voice at work, despite the odds and in a state that rigs the laws against workers to take away their power, in the biggest NLRB election victory in recent years. This is a resounding victory for the American labor movement as a whole and a ringing reminder that when workers stand together, they win.”
Both the large size of the bargaining unit and the astoundingly high vote margin make this NLRB election victory remarkable; that it was in a ‘Right-to-Work' state defies conventional wisdom that labor can not organize in these states. The UNITE HERE election victory comes on the heels of negative national speculation about the future of the American labor movement. Obviously the win last night shows that workers understand and want unions.
###
UNITE HERE represents 270,000 members working in the hotel, gaming, food service, manufacturing, textile, distribution, laundry, transportation, and airport industries in the U.S. and Canada.
In a conference call with reporters on Tuesday, Murphy previewed the second half of AHS‘ current edition, beginning with this Wednesday's episode (FX, 10/9c). What follows are the key takeaways:* Beginning this week, “Something happens where half the cast is revealed to be doing something completely different than you've seen in the first five [episodes],” Murphy revealed, adding, “You realize what you've been watching with some of the characters is not [who] they are. [The actors] had to do a mad scramble to find new voices and accents. It is a big turn. It's the biggest plot twist we've ever done with the show. And there's a startling announcement in Act 3 that resets the season up until Episode 10.”* AHS vets Taissa Farmiga and Finn Wittrock will be back later this season in unspecified roles.* Murphy confirms that Gaga's Coven-infused persona is, in fact, the Original Supreme, adding that he plans to bring the character back in a future AHS season that will “return to Coven.”* The plot of next season's AHS will not be shrouded in secrecy like Season 6's was. “We're going to announce [the premise] in the spring,” said Murphy. “We're not doing a secrecy thing, but [next season] does have a big hook behind it.” (Season 7 will explore some Freak Show characters.)
TUSCALOOSA, Alabama -- A Northport woman unknowingly watched and heard her 79-year-old husband beaten to death after he went out to check on a problem with their air conditioner on Tuesday night, authorities say.
In custody today and charged with murder is a man who had a history of trespassing on the couple's property. Officials say it appears he lured the homeowner outside by disabling the air conditioner.
Tuscaloosa County Sheriff Ted Sexton said Christopher Dewayne Patton, 29, is accused of killing Kenneth McDaniel at McDaniel's home.
Deputies were called to a residence on Highway 43 North between Charlie Shirley Road and Mitt Lary Road at 10:39 p.m. when a woman called 911 to report a disturbance involving a man beating on something or someone with a stick, said
A deputy arriving on the scene saw a man who appeared to be holding a pipe standing about 30 feet from the driveway of the house. The man dropped the pipe and fled when the deputy approached him.
McDaniel's wife told deputies that her husband went outside with a flashlight after they heard a loud pop and the air conditioning in their house went out. She said she saw a man hitting something with what appeared to be a stick. Another witness at the house said she saw him hitting something with a pipe.
Deputies found the body of Kenneth McDaniel, 79, lying beside the air conditioning unit on the west side of the house, Sexton said. It appeared that McDaniel had been struck several times in the head by a blunt instrument.
Patton was taken into custody at the intersection of Candlewood and Highway 43 North at 12:56 a.m. following search by the Tuscaloosa County Sheriff's Office that included the Tuscaloosa County Metro Homicide Unit, a bloodhound search and the Sheriff's Office aviation unit.
Sexton said there does not appear to be any established relationship between Patton and McDaniel, but Patton has had previous contact with the residents of the house. Authorities have responded to three calls at the residence when it was reported Patton trespassed on the property in the past.
"There was no indication that copper had been taken," Sexton said. "What there was an indication of was that the breaker box at the back of the house -- four breakers had been flipped from on to off. That appears to have lured Mr. McDaniel out of his residence to the air conditioning unit where he was attacked by the alleged suspect."
Patton was arrested on the charge of murder after speaking to Tuscaloosa County Metro Homicide Unit investigators and was transported to the Tuscaloosa County Jail. His bond was set at $70,000.
Virginia Tech athletic director Whit Babcock told the Associated Press on Wednesday night that football players won't be fined by having money taken from their cost-of-attendance stipends.
Earlier Wednesday, Hokies defensive coordinator Bud Foster said that coaches would explore the possibility of fining players in such a fashion, according to Norm Wood of The Daily Press.
#Hokies DC Bud Foster said coaching staff will explore fining players money from cost-of-attendance funds as future disciplinary measure. — Norm Wood (@normwood) August 26, 2015
Post-practice exchange w/Bud Foster re: COA fines. (It was a defensive interview day. Beamer not available). #Hokies pic.twitter.com/VChrCHt1y6 — Andy Bitter (@AndyBitterVT) August 26, 2015
• CSU to cover cost-of-attendance with Jim McElwain buyout
A Virginia Tech spokesman offered a clarification to ESPN's David Hale:
Clarification from #VaTech spokesman: Beamer would have discretion over “fines” that would be an option of last resort. No routine fines. — Johnny Clickbait (@ADavidHaleJoint) August 26, 2015
After the comments created controversy on social media, Babcock told the Associated Press in a text that the potential use of such fines “will be stopped immediately.”
The NCAA's Power 5 schools voted in January to allow schools to offer scholarships that cover the full cost of attendance, awarding stipends to cover things such as transportation. The exact value of the stipend is dictated by federal financial aid guidelines, but is expected to average about $3,000.
Mississippi State athletic director Scott Stricklin said in June that the school will require student athletes to take financial education classes in order to receive the stipends.
• Rolling Stones concert to help Georgia Tech cover cost of attendance
- Dan Gartland
In a lot of ways, she is probably the right candidate to get my vote. I don't like the dynastic tendency, however. This would be four in a row from two families; at least the Adamses, Harrisons, and Roosevelts had the decency to spread it over several generations.But the main objection I have is, I am willing to see her as president, but not after George W. Bush. He has been one of those presidents who pumped up executive branch powers and authority till it literally tore through its clothes like the Hulk. He did it for particular reasons and used it to particular ends, but right now the federal government is very top-heavy and very strong.Hillary would not give back an ounce of that, no matter what she says. She, too, has the authoritarian tendency and not only is she comfortable with power, she would be looking to augment it.We've had presidents like Bush before, who so extended the executive reach they alarmed even their own partisans. Jackson, Polk (the first 20th century president and still not appreciated), Lincoln, Wilson. And we've followed them with weak or hemmed-in men who had to let go of much of that overreach. Call it God's blessing on us or the wisdom of crowds or sheer blind luck.After Jackson, Van Buren, crafty but not potent, and whittled down by the titans in Congress; after Polk a series of feckless one-termers; after Lincoln, Andy Johnson and Grant who frittered; after Wilson, a series of non-entities; after the dynamic Roosevelt, the weak, sick, old Roosevelt, then Truman, who had to learn it all from scratch. After Nixon, Ford.Two in a row might be more than we could stand.
Labels: Hillary Clinton
Share Pinterest
Email
As Volkswagen's criminal case comes to a close, a nagging question persists: Who blew the whistle and first admitted to regulators that VW was lying about its dirty diesels?
Volkswagen AG faces sentencing Friday morning in a Detroit courtroom after pleading guilty last month to three federal felonies for diesel emissions violations, which were brought to light based on information given to federal law enforcement from an internal whistleblower. A new book on the VW diesel emissions scandal by a New York Times reporter asserts that it was an American VW executive who first disclosed VW's criminal acts to regulators.
The whistleblower named in the book: Stuart Johnson, head of VW's Engineering and Environmental Office in the Detroit suburb of Auburn Hills, which has responsibility for VW's interaction with U.S. regulators.
The book, due out in May, is Faster, Higher, Farther: The Volkswagen Scandal by Jack Ewing. Automotive News received a review copy of the book from its publisher, W. W. Norton & Co.
“You get the feeling from reading the documents that Johnson always felt queasy about the whole situation,” Ewing told Automotive News.
VW Diesel Scandal VW settles lawsuits with 10 states for $157 million Volkswagen has agreed to pay 10 different U.S. states a total of $157.45 million to settle civil suits filed against it in the past several months over the sale of diesel cars with emissions-cheating ...
Scott Lassar, Johnson's attorney, declined to comment on behalf of his client.
A spokeswoman for VW Group of America said the automaker declined to comment.
The cost of Volkswagen's diesel emissions scandal, which involves about 11 million vehicles worldwide, is now about $25 billion and continues to grow.
The scandal, which became public in September 2015, led to the automaker buying back a half million cars in the U.S. and settling a lawsuit with the government for $14.7 billion. It is also responsible for the automaker admitting its guilt to three felonies under U.S. law -- a distinction that sets its actions apart from previous industry scandals.
In the book, Ewing quotes an interview with Alberto Ayala, the deputy executive director of the California Air Resources Board, naming Johnson as the first person to reveal to CARB the existence of VW's “defeat device” software.
VW Diesel Scandal weighing on Audi CEO following raids There are few German top managers as practiced as Audi CEO Rupert Stadler. This week however the polished veneer began to wear away in the steady flow of questions related to his role in the lead up ...
Key meeting
The book quotes Ayala as saying the revelation happened just prior to a key meeting between CARB and VW on Aug. 19, 2015, in El Monte, Calif., and that Johnson in making the disclosure was violating orders he had been given by his superiors.
That same meeting is spelled out in the federal indictment of Oliver Schmidt, a former U.S.-based VW executive facing 11 felony charges related to the diesel scandal. That meeting came after weeks of executive discussions concerning how to keep regulators from discovering that VW had installed a device that would make its diesels meet federal regulations only while running on the dynamometer test.
The scandal became public Sept. 18, 2015, a month after Johnson met with Ayala, when the EPA announced that VW had violated portions of the Clean Air Act.
In the January indictments of six German VW executives -- including that of Schmidt, Johnson's immediate predecessor in his current job -- the government's main whistleblower is identified only as “Cooperating Witness 1.”
Witness cooperation
The indictments say that CW1 “is a VW employee who works in VW's engine development department.” It's unclear whether that characterization of CW1's job was deliberately vague to hide the witness's identity. The indictment says the witness “has agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation in exchange for an agreement that the government will not prosecute CW1 in the United States.”
A second cooperating witness, CW2, whose identity remains unknown, also agreed to cooperate in exchange for an agreement not to be prosecuted, the indictments say.
Johnson was deeply involved in attempting to certify the diesel vehicles equipped with illegal defeat devices. Yet he has not been charged, unlike six German executives also involved in that attempt to certify the diesel engines.
VW Diesel Scandal What's going to happen to all those VW TDI diesels? The question of what to do with diesel Volkswagen vehicles that the automaker has purchased back has plagued the company from the early months of the TDI crisis, as it became clear regulators would ...
FOIA request
Automotive News submitted a public records request to CARB on Jan. 19 seeking records from the Aug. 19 meeting. The agency's response, issued Feb. 24, was largely redacted “as part of an investigation or settlement discussions.”
However, among the unredacted portions is an internal email among CARB employees from prior to the Aug. 19 meeting. It reads, in part: “VW has requested a meeting on the diesel issue. Stuart Johnson plans to be in El Monte with 4 staff from Germany.” It also says: “Hopefully, VW will provide the full details on how the controls really work on the in use vehicles and the 2016 vehicles that have cert(ification) pending.”
Ewing verified to Automotive News his conversation with Ayala.
A spokesman for Ayala did not return repeated messages seeking comment.
A spokeswoman for former U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade, whose office prosecuted the VW scandal and continues to pursue VW executives, declined to comment, citing the ongoing investigation.
"VW diesel whistleblower identified in book" originally appeared on Automotive News on 4/21/17.
A printed version can be ordered through USCCB Customer Relations by visiting
WASHINGTON—The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops' (USCCB) Committee on Evangelization and Catechesis has released an online version of the “United States Catholic Catechism for Adults” (USCCA). The free, online resource is available in English and Spanish.“As more people are turning to the Internet for information, we must be able to provide faithful information about the Catholic faith. The online USCCA provides an opportunity for all people to access Church teaching online, use this resource for research and share with others,” said Bishop David L. Ricken of Green Bay, Wisconsin, chairman of the Committee on Evangelization and Catechesis, at the announcement of the USCCA publication.“The USCCA is an especially wonderful resource because it contextualizes our faith within our American culture, and also includes stories of American saints and holy men and women, prayers, reflections and study questions,” Bishop Ricken said.The USCCA is based on the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Following the outline of the Catechism, the USCCA walks the reader through the Creed, the sacraments, moral life in Christ and the prayers of the Church. Each chapter contains a story about a saint, blessed, or holy man or woman, a brief overview of the topic, reflection questions and a prayer. Also, included in the appendices are a glossary of Catholic terms and traditional Catholic prayers.The USCCA online is searchable, printable, and shareable. The table of contents provides easy access to each chapter, and the glossary is included as well as the appendices. The USCCA is available in English at www.usccb.org/beliefs-and-teachings/what-we-believe/catechism/us-catholic-catechism-for-adults/index.cfm and in Spanish at http://ccc.usccb.org/flipbooks/uscca-spanish/index.html ---Keywords: USCCB, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops# # # # #MEDIA CONTACT :Norma Montenegro FlynnO: 202-541-3202
A terrorist attack, small in scale but brutal in effect, shocks the nation. The leading perpetrator is an American with foreign connections, apparently linked – at least in his own mind – to a worldwide movement of violent extremists. Furthermore, this young man in his late 20s with the unpronounceable name had attracted suspicion in the past and struck some observers as unstable, although even members of his own family did not suspect he was planning such a spectacular crime.
In the aftermath of the attack, some people assume it was the work of a sinister global conspiracy against America, despite little evidence. Others see an unemployed and alienated loner, unable to connect to the promise of the American dream, who turned to extremism out of personal despair or mental illness. Many political commentators call for a crackdown on immigration, the restriction of civil liberties and an aggressive military-style counterattack against anti-American radicalism, both at home and abroad. As the nation's energetic young president puts it, counteracting this tide of violence is the most significant question facing the United States, and one that could even endanger the nation's future.
Advertisement:
Sounds familiar, right? Except that I'm not talking about the Boston bombing and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. I'm talking about the 1901 assassination of President William McKinley by an unemployed 28-year-old anarchist named Leon Czolgosz, a traumatic but poorly understood event that was one of the crucial pivot points in early 20th-century history. (It was the third presidential assassination inside 40 years -- so much for the bucolic 19th century -- and propelled the little-known Teddy Roosevelt into the White House.) I'm not sure whether to view the similarities between these events 112 years apart as an illustration of Karl Marx's famous maxim about history repeating itself, or just of the principle that nobody in American political life ever strays far from the script. Either way, the McKinley assassination looks like one of those scenes we keep replaying, “Groundhog Day”-style, because we haven't worked out its meaning or message.
Superficially, the America of McKinley's time – a nation of 76 million people dominated by an Anglo-Saxon Protestant elite, in which only a handful of nonwhites and women were even permitted to vote -- has little in common with the America of Barack Obama. But the nativist paranoia about alien ideologies and alien religions remains strikingly familiar, as does the quest for “enemy combatants” behind every door and under every sofa. If you ask me, the real enemy combatants, now as in 1901, are right here at home, ready and willing to surrender our remaining rights and freedoms in the name of rooting out the supposedly imported virus of evil.
Over the last few days we've heard a lot of delirious right-wing chatter, very little of which has any direct relevance to the bizarre and painful case of the Tsarnaev brothers. Most obviously, the Tea Party troika of Rep. Michele Bachmann, Sen. Ted Cruz and Sen. Rand Paul seem determined to twist this story into a reason to persecute Muslims in general and derail immigration reform. (Of course, they want to do those things under any and all circumstances; Boston is merely a pretext.) There are claims of a shadowy jihadist conspiracy and/or a government cover-up behind the attack; calls for surviving suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, a United States citizen, to be interrogated at Gitmo or tried by a military tribunal; breathless revelations about the secret pro-Islamic agenda of the Obama administration. Immigration from Islamic nations should be banned, of course, and Muslims here on tourist or student visas should be sent home. (I don't know whether there's a way to bar Muslims from using the Internet, but I'm sure someone will suggest it.) The specific targets have shifted over the course of the century, to be sure, but that all sounds a lot like the wave of panic directed at the dangerous outsiders of the time -- Eastern European immigrants, Jews, Catholics, socialists and anarchists -- in the wake of the McKinley assassination.
Unlike the Tsarnaevs, Czolgosz was a native-born American who grew up in Michigan and Ohio. But his Polish-immigrant parentage and alphabet-soup surname clearly marked him as an alien contaminant in a nation struggling to absorb a huge tide of recent immigrants. By his own account he was inspired by foreign examples, and dreamed of striking a blow for world revolution. Czolgosz was reportedly fascinated by the case of Italian-American anarchist Gaetano Bresci, who had assassinated King Umberto I in July of 1900. A few months before shooting McKinley, Czolgosz met the legendary Russian-born anarchist Emma Goldman at a speech she gave in Cleveland, where she reportedly said that she understood why anarchist revolutionaries turned to violence to overthrow despots, although she stopped short of endorsing it. Czolgosz told police later that her words had burned themselves into his brain.
Goldman was apparently happy to provide her young fan with a reading list on anarchist theory and politics (heavy with her own work, no doubt). But then he went beyond following her on Facebook, so to speak. After Czolgosz showed up unannounced at her Chicago home a few weeks later, Goldman told friends she was concerned about him – and the radical newspaper New Society then published a thinly veiled item suggesting that Czolgosz might be a government spy. In one of those strange consonances or coincidences that drive conspiracy theories, on the day Czolgosz visited Goldman in July 1901 she was on her way to Buffalo, N.Y., to take her daughter to the Pan-American Exposition, the big Western Hemisphere trade fair that was the year's big attraction. That was exactly where Czolgosz would shoot McKinley twice with his hardware-store revolver (price: $4.50) on Sept. 6.
Of course, if Czolgosz was essentially stalking Goldman, as she suspected, then it was no coincidence at all that he spent much of that summer in Buffalo. According to Scott Miller's fascinating account in his book “The President and the Assassin,” Czolgosz spent most of his time holed up in a rooming house in nearby West Seneca, N.Y., reading books, quite likely those suggested by Goldman. Despite all the claims of far-reaching conspiracy aired after the assassination, Czolgosz had almost no tangible or personal connections to the world of anarchism. Few people knew him and fewer still liked him; his family told reporters he had no interest in friendship or romance, was frequently bullied as a child and spent most of his time alone. He was the classic prototype of the “lone nut” assassin; you could almost say he learned to be an anarchist and a terrorist from the Internet, or at least via its 1901 cognate, the printed word.
Advertisement:
Mind you, I'm not saying that Emma Goldman's explosive ideas and incendiary rhetoric bore no responsibility for what Czolgosz finally did in Buffalo, and it's pretty clear she didn't feel that way either. Most anarchists were understandably eager to disavow Czolgosz as an unaffiliated whacko who had disgraced a largely nonviolent movement. But while he was on Death Row, Goldman wrote an eloquent and tormented essay called “The Tragedy at Buffalo” that compared Czolgosz to Brutus, the assassin of Julius Caesar, and praised his courage and daring without quite embracing his crime. (She somehow neglected to mention that she had met him at least twice.)
I don't believe I had ever read Goldman's essay before this week, but it strikes an oddly similar tone to the article I wrote for Salon last weekend, inquiring into the “massive and disheartening national freakout” that followed the Boston bombing. Why, Goldman wondered, “were the mighty and powerful thrown into such consternation by the deed of September 6? Why this howl of a hired press? Why such blood-thirsty and violent utterances from the clergy, whose usual business it is to preach ‘peace on earth and good will to all'? Why the mad ravings of the mob, the demand for rigid laws to curtail freedom of press and speech?”
Goldman herself was arrested and interrogated after the McKinley shooting, along with several other anarchists. But the authorities eventually retracted their initial claims of a widespread conspiracy, and no one besides Czolgosz himself was ever implicated in the crime. He was convicted, sentenced and electrocuted within two months of the assassination – justice moved fast in those days! – all the while refusing to cooperate with the system or express any contrition.
Czolgosz pretty much singlehandedly destroyed the cause of anarchism, an idealistic and utopian political movement that by 1901 was already linked, in the popular imagination, to images of bearded, bomb-throwing radicals. (By seeming to defend him, even on abstract philosophical grounds, the movement's leading theorist certainly didn't help.) It's impossible to resist a parallel to the present, when a billion or so diverse and normal-ish Muslims have become identified, at least in the West, with the actions of a few fanatics. Does Islam contain some disturbing currents, and does it face an internal crisis? Yes, and so did the socialist and anarchist left of the 1900s. But conflating any movement with its extreme margins is like reducing all of American history to the Ku Klux Klan.
Advertisement:
In a backhanded way Czolgosz also succeeded in doing immense damage to America, just as the al-Qaida attacks almost exactly 100 years later would drive us to shred crucial elements of our Constitution and bankrupt our nation in pointless and destructive foreign wars. Even though there was no conspiracy to kill McKinley, anarchism and other forms of left-wing dissent would be relentlessly persecuted, driven underground and all but extinguished in the United States. There were vigilante attacks by nativists (in some cases egged on by officials), restrictive laws on free speech and political organizing, and a government surveillance program aimed at radicals that eventually morphed into a brand-new federal police force, the FBI. While anti-anarchist laws were sporadically enforced at first, they kicked in for real after the Russian Revolution. Goldman had lived in the U.S. since she was 16 years old, but in 1919 – largely on the recommendation of a young Justice Department official named J. Edgar Hoover – the government revoked her citizenship and deported her to the Soviet Union.
Goldman was vilified on all sides for her undeniably peculiar defense of a man who was widely seen, even at the time, as a mentally unbalanced loner. But it's worth considering what she says about Leon Czolgosz when we think about the Tsarnaev brothers. Her essential point is that Czolgosz wasn't much of an anarchist but was definitely an American, “a child of Columbia,” shaped by conditions of economic inequality in which “a small band of parasites has robbed the American people, and trampled upon the fundamental principles laid down by the forefathers of this country.” He was nurtured, she suggests, on “a perverted conception of patriotism, and the fallacious notion that all are equal and that each one has the same opportunity to become a millionaire (provided he can steal the first hundred thousand dollars).” Realizing that all that was a lie, she says, essentially sent him around the bend.
If that critique sounds strikingly contemporary, so does Goldman's Dr. Phil-style amateur psychology. She describes Czolgosz as “a soul in pain, a soul that could find no abode in this cruel world of ours.” That's ladling it on pretty thick, but we've already heard at least the elder Tsarnaev described in similar terms. There are important distinctions: The McKinley assassination was a political act, however indefensible, while the Boston bombing was an act of vicious and cowardly public theater. One hopes Goldman would have seen the difference; her attempt to make Czolgosz's crime seem noble is disturbing, even at this historical distance. But her description of a young American who felt excluded from the national promise of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and who sought redemption in an ideology he didn't understand and a spectacular act of violence, hits close to home. Czolgosz and the Tsarnaevs were dangerous enough, in their way. But not dangerous enough to destroy America. Only we can do that.
For decades it has seemed as if God has played a great joke on mankind, granting the best fuel reserves to the worst places. Iran, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkmenistan – all have been able to run fairly repressive regimes, feeling no need to become open, competitive democracies. As Vladimir Putin has found, if you own the gas which the rich world needs, then you can get away with murder.
Consider yesterday's European Union summit. Leaders agreed, in effect, to be jolly annoyed about Putin's annexation of Crimea. They may even cut up some oligarchs' Harrods storecards. But to go much further? Difficult, when Russia is supplying a third of Europe's gas. As Finland's Europe minister candidly put it: “There isn't that much that we could do, at the end of the day. And I think the Russians know that.”
Europe is a recession-struck continent dependent on a Kremlin-controlled energy price. Putin cleverly cut Gazprom tariffs to the region last year, ramping up its dependence on Russian gas to record levels. And in so doing, he effectively bought EU foreign policy.
He'd find it harder to buy America's nowadays. As Barack Obama considers his options, he has a substantial new weapon that he is not sure how to deploy. In the last few years, the shale revolution has utterly transformed America's energy fortunes. When Putin invaded Georgia, it seemed as if the US was running out of natural gas – and George W Bush meekly wondered whether to buy some from Russia. Since then, the shale bonanza has sent American crude output soaring by 60 per cent, taking the country into a thoroughly unexpected era of energy abundance. Its gas prices have fallen by two thirds; factories and jobs are flooding back to former rust belt states. By the end of this decade, America will be exporting more energy than it imports.
This is redrawing the global energy map, and the implications go way beyond the economic. If America doesn't need Arabian oil, why should it spend billions having the US Fifth Fleet keep the peace in the Persian Gulf? Why spill so much blood and treasure in overseas entanglements where no national interest can be found? Why not let Europe sort out its own back yard – and let this debt-addled continent confront the consequences of its failure to pay for a proper military?
But events in the Crimea have now added another question: why shouldn't America use its new-found energy reserves as a weapon? It would be easy enough to do. If Barack Obama were to export more of this gas, he could send world prices to the floor – hurting not just the Kremlin, but the oligarchs who support Putin. Of all the weapons in America's arsenal, its new energy power is perhaps what the Kremlin fears most.
Russia is, in effect, a giant gas company with a military attached to it. Moscow's interests are synonymous with that of its state-owned gas concerns, which explains much of its bizarre foreign policy. Why should Putin have protected Bashar Assad when he was gassing his own people? We were reminded of the answer on Christmas Day, when Russia signed a 25-year deal with the Assad regime, handing the state-controlled energy firm Soyuzneftegaz a chunk of the Levant Basin. In this way, Assad's Syria has joined Putin's virtual empire.
This is why hawks in Washington are not content with Obama deploying F-16 fighters to Poland, and are urging him to retaliate with robust pipeline politics. A Texan congressman, Ted Poe, yesterday introduced a Bill that would speed up the delivery of American gas to Ukraine and other threatened regions. John Boehner, the Republican Speaker of the House, is telling Obama his prevaricating over gas export licences has helped Putin “to finance his geopolitical goals”. The fuel hawks are clear: energy has strategic value, and Obama's failure to use it has emboldened the enemy.
Another weapon the president might deploy is approving the Keystone XL pipeline, which would take oil to coastal refineries, ready for export. Then he could lift the ban on exporting crude oil, which has lingered since the crisis of the Seventies. He could fast-track the 15 gas export terminals still waiting for planning approval, to send supplies to America's allies. All of these demands have been made, for years, in the name of cheaper energy. The Greens protested, as did those who feared exports would make fuel pricy again. But only now does export energy seem like an essential tool of American statecraft – a weapon in a new cold war.
It's not hard to guess what Hillary Clinton, favourite to be the next US president, would do. When she was Obama's secretary of state, she spotted early on the chance to exploit American oil. The word “energy” was mentioned 81 times in her Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review, which proposed building a Bureau of Energy Resources “to unite our diplomatic and programmatic efforts”. This bureau has been working away behind the scenes and is credited for helping Ukraine reduce its dependence on Russian energy – although not, as it turned out, fast enough.
The hawks can argue that America's new weapon has already been used to great effect – on Iran. The recent sanctions, credited with forcing the ayatollahs to the negotiating table, only worked because the US had so much energy. Not so long ago, if 1.5 million barrels a day of Iranian oil were taken off the market, prices would spike – hurting everyone. But this time, America was able to persuade its allies that it would increase production, keeping prices stable. When the US threatened deeper cuts to Iranian exports, the ayatollahs blinked. Without the shale revolution, such a gambit would not have been possible.
So after Tehran, should Moscow be the next testing ground for America's E-Bomb? Obama is a naturally cautious president, and here he has much to be cautious about. He is being asked, in effect, to behave like the Russians – and explicitly use energy as a diplomatic trump card. This risks making any future development of America's energy industry look like a hostile act. Also, Putin would respond, which would hurt his European allies a lot more than it would hurt America. As yesterday's summit showed, Germany has no appetite for confronting the Kremlin. Even conservative Die Welt declared that “the West should embrace Putin”.
The shale revolution, and its awesome implications, have taken most of Washington by surprise – it was unforeseen, even six years ago. And in six years' time, America will have overtaken Saudi Arabia as the world's top supplier of hydrocarbons, with all the extra clout that will bring. Ten years after that, it will be completely self-sufficient – a development that may transform world politics as profoundly as the collapse of the Berlin Wall.
But for now, the Ukraine crisis will have served to remind Obama that America is not – yet – ready to use its energy glut to full effect. It doesn't have the export apparatus, and is only beginning to learn how to use the extra leverage. But it is, at least, far clearer now why America needs the ability to pump out far more gas when it's needed – and this, in itself, should focus Russian minds. Like the Cold War, the principle will be that of deterrence. Putin will be less likely to strike if he realises that, next time, America and its new energy industry will be ready for him.
Fraser Nelson is the Editor of 'The Spectator'
I'll be the first to step in line and apologize to New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur.
Time and time again this postseason, I've cringed when opponents get an opportunity to shoot. Despite still being one of the best puck-handling goalies in the game, every time Brodeur skates away from the crease, I get a little anxious.
Before the postseason, these feelings were normal. Brodeur entered the season a 39-year old on the downswing of his career. He's battled injuries for the past three seasons, and head coach Peter DeBoer told the media he'd cut Brodeur's playing time.
Brodeur posted a shutout in the first round, but still struggled against the Florida Panthers. He showed flashes of brillance, especially in Game 7, helping New Jersey advance to the second round. Against the Philadelphia Flyers, he looked more comfortable, jostling with players in front of the net and making key saves.
That performance didn't get him any recognition for this series. At the other end of the ice stands Henrik Lundqvist, ten years younger and a finalist for both the Vezina and Hart Trophies. He was one of the hottest goalies coming into the series, and I wrote that Brodeur would need to prove himself yet again.
Through two games, he's done more than prove himself. Brodeur is silencing critics with his play. From the diving backhand glove save on Marc Staal in Game 1, to the desperation leg kick to deny Ryan McDonagh's wraparound in Game 2 and the heel save, while on his belly, to rob Marian Gaborik later in that matchup. He's allowed just four goals on 52 shots, and just one of those has been with the teams playing 5-on-5 hockey.
Entering the series, Brodeur wasn't surprised most experts wrote him off.
"For the most part, every time I play some tight series in my career I've always been the underdog for whatever reason," Brodeur told Tom Gulitti of The Bergen Record. "So, it's no different with him (Lundqvist). I think he deserves to have the accolades that he's getting. Even though we scored three goals, we had to work really hard to score on him. He's the key to their success. He's such a good goalie and he keeps them in the game in every game in the playoffs. He hasn't gotten scored (on) more than two or three goals in this playoff (year). That is pretty amazing when you've already played over 15 games."
Brodeur's numbers have only improved with the team's run. He enters Game 3 with a 2.05 goals-against average and a .921 save percentage.
If he continues making those highlight reel saves, Brodeur may eventually steal the spotlight from Lundqvist. Another solid performance could also push his team into their first Stanley Cup Finals since 2003.
If the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again while expecting a different outcome, then Donald J. Trump is curing insanity in American politics.
Which is kind of funny when you consider how bat-chip crazy so many people have gone over the past four weeks. Ranting and raving about leaving the country. Canceling Christmas parties. Branjelina breaking up.
In Washington, political zombies fill the streets, wandering aimlessly in tattered clothes they haven't changed in weeks. Eyes are like throbbing bull's-eyes. Stumbling. Excessively medicated.
I tossed an empty coffee cup into a city trash can on Capitol Hill the other day and a woman in a trench coat and carrying a briefcase came charging down the sidewalk at me with a wild, distraught look on her face.
“No!!!!” she cried, grabbing the trash can. “That is MY trash can! You can't do that! What are you doing?” She was on the verge of tears. May have been actually crying. Clearly not among the army of voters eager to Make America Great Again.
Retired Marine Gen. Jim “Mad Dog” Mattis, on the other hand, is willing to serve.
A fearsome warrior, Gen. Mattis is a big, strategic thinker who has studied America, civilians, and soldiers over the past decade and a half of constant war — the longest such span in American history. When there is a yawning disconnect between the tiny fraction of Americans who serve in the military and the vast sea of civilians who enjoy the freedoms thereby secured, serious problems arise.
When civilians in Congress have a casual tendency to launch wars they later lose interest in (see: John Kerry, Hillary Clinton, Harry Reid), then we have a serious problem.
Weak politicians change their minds and then move on to their next whorish exploit. Soldiers lose their legs or their lives or their minds and they don't get to move on.
This is the single most pressing concern of our federal government today.
Gen. Mattis also never loses sight of the explicit purpose of our military: To find the enemy and kill them swiftly and ferociously. “Do not cross us,” he once explained of his Marines. “Because if you do, the survivors will write about what we do here for 10,000 years.”
That is what you call a firm grasp of the particulars while never losing the big picture.
Gays in the military? Women in combat? Gen. Mattis has only one reply. Does it increase the lethality of our fighting troops?
Of course, the Masters of Insanity in Washington are just fine doing the same thing over and over again. The dirty secret is that they don't even want a different result. They like things just fine.
These people will do everything in their power to stop Gen. Mattis. They are the same ones already carping about retired brain surgeon Ben Carson's being picked to run the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
He doesn't have experience running such a massive bureaucracy! He does not have a background in federal welfare programs!
Well, he grew up in poverty in Detroit and became a brain surgeon. Sounds like the right experience to me.
Anyway, if a guy as smart and decent and dedicated as Mr. Carson cannot get a handle on HUD, then that doesn't mean there is something wrong with Mr. Carson. That means something is wrong with HUD. And it is high time HUD got zapped into shape.
• Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.
Let's put ourselves in the shoes of Lassana Bathily, a French-speaking African-born Muslim, just 24, whom I met on his recent visit to Los Angeles.
It's early Friday afternoon on Jan. 9, and Bathily is at work at the Hyper Cacher market in Paris, where he has been living since 2006. He's in the basement inspecting a delivery. This is the job that saved his life. After years of limbo — much of it as an illegal immigrant living in fear of being deported — he's finally found a home, working with Jews. Normally at this hour, he would be saying, “Shabbat shalom,” to his co-workers before heading out to say his Friday prayers at a nearby mosque.
But on this particular Friday, something broke the rhythm. As he was wrapping up for the week, he heard the sound of people rushing down the stairs to the basement. They were coming down so fast, they collided with a case of wine. A few bottles broke. Wine started to spill. He looked up and saw a dozen or more panicked customers. Some of them were familiar to him — one woman held a baby.
“Les terroristes sont là,” he heard a customer cry out. “The terrorists are here.”
He heard noises upstairs. It could have been gunfire; he wasn't sure. He was thinking fast. He loved these people. They were the shoppers who kept the store in business — the store where he had this great job and where he felt so at home. And now, they were all in serious trouble.
“Les terroristes sont là.
The terrorists are here.”
It hadn't been easy getting this job. A Muslim friend of a cousin had a longtime relationship with the store's kosher meat supplier, and he'd been able to get Bathily an interview. When the people doing the hiring asked for his qualifications, he'd answered honestly: “I've never done this before,” he told them. “Try me and see if you like me.” Well, they did, and they liked him so much, they promoted him. Now, whenever supplies came in and had to be inspected, he was the man in charge.
On that Friday afternoon in the basement he knew so well, as a scene of terror unfolded upstairs and a group of panicked customers faced him, he was also the man in charge.
How did his life come to this improbable moment?
Who would think that during those long years of wandering through Paris, trying to be invisible, he would end up a central player in the biggest news story in the world? And that all those years of feeling so vulnerable would culminate in this moment of feeling so needed, with people looking to him to help them survive a life-or-death situation?
“How do I get them to safety?” was the only thought in his mind. Taking the service elevator and letting them out the back exit was out of the question. The terrorists would probably see them leaving.
There was only one place to hide them: the freezer.
Quietly, he shepherded the group inside as he turned off the lights and refrigeration. The baby was crying. He asked the mother to do her best to keep him quiet. He walked into the freezer with them and immediately called the police. There was no cell connection inside the freezer. He walked out and tried again. The police line was busy. He called a few times, but no luck.
That is when he called Dennis Mercier.
Mercier is the Frenchman who'd really changed Bathily's life. France has a mentoring program through which people volunteer to help immigrants stay in the country. For years, Bathily had attended night schools and trade schools in the hope of building a life for himself. He studied mosaic tiling, and then plumbing, but without legal status, he couldn't find work. He slept on the floor between the beds of two Muslim friends from Mali and ate sparingly. If his roommates had food, they would share it; if not, he drank water and went to sleep.
Mercier had volunteered to be his mentor. He was especially helpful after Bathily's application for working status was declined. Mercier found an error in the dossier and arranged for an appeal. But on the day of Bathily's hearing, Mercier was in Casablanca doing human-rights work, so he couldn't be there to help. Instead, he had a law professor write out a statement that Bathily could read to the judge.
Three weeks later, in November 2010, Bathily read these long-awaited words on a registered letter: “Carte de séjour avec aucun delais,” authorizing “a work permit without any delay.” He couldn't believe his good fortune. He called Mercier right away and read him the letter. Mercier couldn't believe it either, so he asked Bathily to come over with the letter. He did. It was true. Bathily was now a free man in France — free to work and send money back to his mother and other family members in Mali. And, for the first time in a long time, he could walk the streets of Paris without fear of being stopped and deported.
When Bathily called Mercier on Jan. 9, he was desperate for help. He had to find his way out of the store. Whispering so he wouldn't be heard, Bathily told his mentor what was going on and that he couldn't get ahold of the police. Mercier quickly hung up and called the police, but he, too, couldn't get through. So he went out on the street and flagged down a policeman. Within minutes of the call to Mercier, shrieking police sirens were the only sound anyone could hear.
Now the real ordeal began: What to do?
It didn't feel safe for everyone to just stay in the freezer, all huddled up. Who knew how many terrorists might be upstairs? They could simply come down, maybe hear the baby crying, blow open the door and kill everyone. As Bathily discussed options with the group, a co-worker named Zari came down with a demand: The terrorist wanted the key to the main entrance so he could lock it. Bathily gave her the key, but noted one piece of good news: If the terrorist was using Zari to deliver messages, he was probably working alone.
A short while later, Zari returned with a second demand: The terrorist wanted everyone to come upstairs. Now it got complicated. There was no way Bathily would allow the 15 or so people he was hiding to go up, possibly to be slaughtered. But he knew, too, that he couldn't just say no to a terrorist with guns, especially when the terrorist had warned Zari that he'd kill everyone upstairs if the people downstairs didn't come up.
Bathily had been thinking about that terrorist since the ordeal began. This was just a few days after Islamic terrorists had gone on a rampage at the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. So he figured the guy upstairs was probably a Muslim, like him.
That Charlie Hebdo attack was a big source of shame. Responding with violence to insults is not what Bathily was taught by his parents or by his Muslim teachers in the African village where he grew up. Of course, he was offended when someone insulted his prophet, but he believed violence was the wrong response. He'd learned that punishment was God's domain, not man's. How could fellow Muslims have strayed so far from that message?
In any event, the crisis was heating up, and a decision had to be made: Which hostages would go upstairs? Bathily decided to stay with the group, while two men volunteered to return with Zari. It wasn't an easy call. The terrorist surely knew there were more hostages downstairs, but Bathily was hoping that these two would satisfy him for now and buy some time to plan their next move.
At this point, with the possibility that the terrorist might come down at any time and wreak havoc, Bathily didn't see any choice: He had to make a run for it to let authorities know what was going on. A few hostages pleaded with him not to risk his life that way, but he left anyway.
He took the service elevator and prayed that the terrorist would not see him as he walked out. That was the second bit of great fortune in his life — the terrorist didn't see him. He got out through the back exit. He was now outside, breathing the Parisian air, about to be greeted by police commandos who had no idea he was one of the good guys.
One of the commandos screamed at him to get his hands up, while another ordered him to get down on the ground. He tried to do both, awkwardly. He sensed that they might shoot him at any second. He was almost relieved when they handcuffed him. They kept him handcuffed for a good 90 minutes.
Meanwhile, he tried telling them what was going on inside, but because they couldn't trust that he wasn't one of the terrorists, he didn't get very far. It was only after a co-worker from a second store identified him that the police began to listen to him.
Consider the contrast: While a terrorist was upstairs killing people, Bathily was downstairs trying to liberate them. He countered the worst human depravity with the highest level of nobility.
By now, several hours into the ordeal, Bathily was finally able to give the police information they would need to eventually rescue the hostages. He provided a detailed layout of both floors of the market, right down to which windows were broken, and the crucial information that it was likely only one terrorist was inside.
It was a bittersweet ending after the hostages were rescued in a daring raid. Bathily learned that four hostages upstairs had been shot dead at the very beginning of the crisis, including his good buddy and co-worker Yohan Cohen. Bathily was disheartened when some of the upstairs hostages at first called him “un lache,” a coward, because they assumed he had run for safety and abandoned the others.
But when the hostages from downstairs showed up, their reaction was completely different. They embraced him and thanked him. Many of them were in tears. They all hugged. The ordeal was finally over, and his new life was about to begin.
The story of Lassana Bathily I've described here came directly from a conversation I had with him when he was in town to be honored by the Simon Wiesenthal Center. As I reflected on his story, which touched me deeply, it struck me that during these days of Passover, when we look back on the Jews' ancient story of liberation, Bathily's story is also one of liberation — two liberations, in fact.
The first is the story of liberation we all heard about that was broadcast around the world — the story of a Muslim man who helped to liberate a group of Jews held hostage by a crazed gunman inside a kosher market.
The second story is less publicized and more personal. It's Bathily's own story, a tale of one man's journey from an African village to a cosmopolitan city and his struggle to be accepted and build a life for himself. This was his liberation, and to reach it, Bathily needed the virtues of patience and perseverance and the help of guardian angels like Mercier.
He also needed a reverence for life. It's true that life at any moment may be dark and unhappy, but life itself holds the promise of the deepest joy, no matter how deep the struggle. Bathily's struggle to make it in a foreign city, and the simple joy he eventually found in his job, made him appreciate the very promise of life.
It was this appreciation that guided him on that infamous January day. Consider the contrast: While a terrorist was upstairs killing people, Bathily was downstairs trying to liberate them. He countered the worst human depravity with the highest level of nobility. He understood that nothing is more worthy of liberating than life itself.
But Bathily's story holds another lesson of liberation — it's the lesson of liberating ourselves from our own prejudices.
The “upstairs survivors” who initially called Bathily a coward did what many of us do in the heat of emotion — we react only to what we see. Shaken as they were by their ordeal, the survivors could see only an African Muslim who had escaped a hostage crisis, and they assumed he had abandoned his Jewish hostages.
It's only when they looked beneath the surface and freed themselves from prejudices that they realized Bathily was a hero, not a coward.
How poignant that such a life lesson should express itself so clearly and metaphorically in one place. Here was the very visible stereotype of the violent Muslim terrorist on the main floor of a kosher market, while just below, on the lower floor, was the opposite — a quiet, religious Muslim man who was doing everything he could to save lives.
When I spoke to Bathily by phone a few days after meeting him, he was back in Paris, pondering his future. Right after that fateful day of Jan. 9, a petition to grant Bathily French citizenship was signed by more than 300,000 people and was immediately adopted by the French government.
He's now on disability leave from the market, visiting with doctors to overcome the trauma of his experience. He said he misses the camaraderie of his beloved grocery store, which reopened with all new employees two months after the attack. The memories are too intense, he said, for him or any of his former colleagues to return to that same place.
As Bathily spoke, I heard party noises in the background. I thought about his newfound celebrity, and I hoped it wouldn't go to his head and that people wouldn't try to exploit him. I asked him whether he'd ever thought about working for an organization that promotes peace and coexistence among different religions.
His voice rose up against the background noises: “If you hear of such an organization,” he said to me in French, “please tell them I'm interested.”
I hope Lassana Bathily finds that organization and finds that new job. It would be one more step in his improbable journey of liberation.
David Suissa is president of TRIBE Media Corp./Jewish Journal and can be reached at davids@jewishjournal.com.
‘Supergirl's David Harewood Reveals Season 2 Premiere Title
San Diego Comic-Con is just three weeks away which Supergirl will be at with a special panel on Saturday, July 23. But we have already gotten a juicy tidbit about the new season as David Harewood revealed the title for the season two premiere on his Instagram early this morning, as the episode is named “The Adventures of Supergirl”, which is the same name of the tie-in comic series by Sterling Gates. The premiere will be featuring the debut of Tyler Hoechlin's Superman who will be guest-starring in the first two episodes of the new season.
Let's go. #SupergirlCW A photo posted by David Harewood (@davidharewood) on Jul 2, 2016 at 1:43am PDT
Production on Season 2 of the series about the Girl of Steel is set to begin this month as the show is not just moving to a new channel, but also to a new location for production in Vancouver, Canada which is where The Flash, Arrow and DC's Legends of Tomorrow also films. And in case you missed it, here is the full information on the Comic-Con panel for Supergirl this month.
“3:30-4:15 p.m. Supergirl Special Video Presentation and Q&A — Supergirl will be returning for more supercharged adventures in the show's new home on The CW this fall! Wondering who's in that pod, or what will be bringing Superman to National City? Join the series' cast and creative team for a special video presentation, followed by a Q&A where they'll discuss these season two hot topics and more! From Berlanti Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and based on characters from DC, Supergirl's second season will premiere Monday, October 10, at 8/7c on The CW. Supergirl: The Complete First Season will be released on DVD and Blu-ray™ on August 9. Follow the show on Twitter at @TheCWSupergirl. Ballroom 20″
Supergirl Season 2 is set to premiere on Monday, October 10 at 8/7c at its new home, The CW.
Source: David Harewood's Instagram.
Young adult fiction is big business, and over the past few years, Marvel and DC have tried to grab a share of that pie. After a few experiments in the field, DC has announced four new young adult novels featuring some of its biggest characters.
Via Mashable , DC Entertainment revealed plans four new YA novels in partnership with Random House, starting in August 2017 with Wonder Woman by Leigh Bardugo, best known for The Grisha Trilogy series of novels. Following Wonder Woman will be Batman by Marie Lu ( The Young Elites ), Superman by Matt de la Peña ( Mexican Whiteboy and The Living ) and Catwoman by Sarah J. Maas ( The Thrones of Glass ).
These novels follow the successful Lois Lane series by Gwenda Bond , which casts the intrepid reporter as a new arrival in Metropolis, making her way as a journalist and sharing an online friendship with someone she knows only as “SmallvilleGuy.” The series started with Lois Lane: Fallout and is followed up this year by Lois Lane: Double Down , set to be released in June.
While details of the plots have yet to emerge, it's exciting to see DC branch out in this way, especially after this weekend's DC Rebirth announcement showed that the comics themselves aren't offering as many opportunities as we'd like to see for women and people of color to wriite DC's top-tier characters. Hopefully the novels tackle some subjects that the comics shy away from too, and we can get the story of Wonder Woman's first crush on Paradise Island, years before she ever comes into contact with the world of men.
Two large solar farms will be built in Victoria to power Melbourne's trams. The projects are critical to the government's target to increase Victoria's renewable energy level to 40 per cent by 2025. The government will seek to lock in its renewable energy target – 25 per cent by 2020 and 40 per cent by 2025 – by tabling legislation today. Currently about 10 per cent of the state's power needs are met with renewable sources. Premier Daniel Andrews said he was confident the legislation would pass.
"We expect that the Parliament will waste no time in grasping the future and making sure that we've got downward pressure on prices, more supply in the market, and creating those jobs that are so very important, particularly in many regional areas," Mr Andrews said. The government claimed the renewables boost would cut household energy bills. Energy minister Lily D'Ambrosio said modelling indicated households would save $30 a year on energy bills on average, and large companies would save $140,000 a year, over the life of the renewable energy target scheme. "We know for a fact that more supply, in a pure economics 101 sense, means cheaper prices and that's what we'll be delivering," Ms D'Ambrosio said. "We are getting solar projects built, we've already got two wind farms under way ... so the sooner we can get that in there, the sooner people will see that flow through their energy bills," she said.
Economic modelling by Ernst & Young found wholesale energy prices will rise after 2020, but the rise will be "dampened" by the boost in renewable supply. The target will not "magically drive down prices", Victorian Council of Social Services chief Emma King said, warning the scheme would hit low-income earners. "We shouldn't be building a greener Victoria on the backs on people doing it tough," she said. Energy prices and security are shaping as a battleground issue in the run-up to next year's election, following the closure this year of the Hazelwood power station, which supplied 22 per cent of the state's electricity. In summer, the Victorian government was angered when the national energy market operator proposed cutting power to Ballarat and Bendigo to cope with a surge in demand caused by a heatwave in NSW.
Spiralling energy prices were hitting businesses hard, Opposition leader Matthew Guy told Parliament on Wednesday. He cited Piedemonte's supermarkets in Fitzroy North and Pascoe Vale, which has seen its annual power bill jump 243 per cent from $144,000 a year to $494,000. "We can't march to a renewables future on the back of the poor and small business who are going to pay for it, we need to do it properly, we need to do it nationally," Mr Guy later told reporters. Gas and electricity prices have soared 200 per cent in Victoria in the past 15 years, a review published this month found. The independent review of the energy retail market, led by former deputy premier John Thwaites, identified deregulation and increased competition as much to blame for the rise.
That report found introducing a "no-frills" energy offer could save households about $200 a year on bills. The winners of a tender to build two large solar farms to power Melbourne's tram network were also announced on Wednesday. Bannerton Solar Park near Robinvale will provide 100 megawatts and Numurkah Solar Farm near Shepparton will provide 38 megawatts. Kane Thornton, chief executive of the Clean Energy Council, said the government's move to legislate its "ambitious" 40 per cent target would give the renewable energy industry more confidence to invest in Victoria. "It will deliver billions of dollars of investment and thousands of jobs into regional and rural parts of this state and help to put Victoria back on the map in terms of attracting investment back into this sector," Mr Thornton said.
Last month we had the chance to sit down with Naoki Yoshida, the Director/Producer of the upcoming FINAL FANTASY XIV: A Realm Reborn during a global media tour. Unfortunately due to time we weren't able to get all of our questions answered. However, in this wonderful day we live in there is a thing called e-mail and because of this remarkable piece of technology we have some more information for you guys!
You can check out the final pieces of our media tour Q and A after the jump!
GE- With the new Cait Sith artwork that was shown, it looked a bit like a stuffed animal. Cait Sith artwork had been previously released. Is this a newer version to move away from the FFXI design? Or was the image we were shown for a Cait Sith pet? (similar to the bomb, chocobo and mammet in the demo)
Yoshida- We'd like to wait a little longer before we reveal how Cait Sith will appear in game. Also, this particular version was designed specifically for FFXIV. :)
GE- How will pets be obtained in the game? (such as the bomb, chocobo and mammet) Will there be any special pets for Legacy or Collector's Edition players? I would love to have a little Nael Van Darnus following me around.
Yoshida- Players will be able to obtain minions in a variety of ways– by clearing content, by earning achievements, by exchanging Company Seals, by purchasing them from vendors, and so on. I hope everyone tries to get them all! And I'll be sure to let my team know about your Nael minion idea! :p
GE- You mentioned that end FATES such as Behemoth and Odin will have item rewards. Will these be distributed through the need/greed system? Or some other method?
Yoshida- No, we'll actually be utilizing a different method. Players will earn individual rewards as well as tokens that can be redeemed for other rewards so there will be no need/greed rolls. It's our hope that players will come together to achieve a common goal—even if their only contribution is to add another coating of blood to Odin's Zantetsuken. :p
GE- Are Primals a part of the FATE system? or do they simply appear as NMs that begin to wander around? How will primal weapons be obtained in A Realm Reborn?
Yoshida- Many primals will be introduced through instanced battles, as they were in Version 1.0. Also, like Version 1.0, primal weapons will be obtained by defeating primals. That said, players may encounter primals in a future FATE!
Image copyright AFP
People trying to give up smoking often use e-cigarettes to help wean themselves off tobacco. Most experts think they are safer than cigarettes but a surprising paper was published recently - it suggests that people who use e-cigarettes are less successful at giving up smoking than those who don't.
"E-cigarettes WON'T help you quit," reported the Daily Mail. "Smokers using vapers are '28% less likely to ditch traditional cigarettes,'" read the paper's headline.
The story was reported on many other websites around the world, including CBS: "Study: E-cigarettes don't help smokers quit," it said.
The study causing the fuss was written by researchers at the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at the University of California, and published in one of the Lancet's sister journals, Lancet Respiratory Medicine.
It is a meta-analysis, which means the authors reviewed the academic literature already available on the topic. They sifted out the weaker papers - ones that didn't have control groups, for example - and were left with 20.
Image copyright iStock
The conclusion? Smokers who use e-cigarettes have a 28% lower chance of quitting than smokers who don't use them, according to Prof Stanton Glantz, one of the authors.
But while the conclusion is surprising, so is the number of academics who have criticised the paper.
One was Ann McNeill, professor of tobacco addiction at King's College London, whose own research is included in Glantz's analysis.
"This review is not scientific," she wrote on the Science Media Centre website.
"The information… about two studies that I co-authored is either inaccurate or misleading… I believe the findings should therefore be dismissed.
"I am concerned at the huge damage this publication may have - many more smokers may continue smoking and die if they take from this piece of work that all evidence suggests e-cigarettes do not help you quit smoking; that is not the case."
Prof Peter Hajek, director of the Tobacco Dependence Research Unit at the Wolfson Institute also called the findings "grossly misleading".
Image copyright iStock
The critics are making three main points. First, the definition of e-cigarettes is a bit loose. There are many different types - some look like cigarettes, others have tanks for the vaping liquid, some are disposable and other are multi-use. They all deliver different doses of nicotine. Many of the papers included in the analysis don't specify which type people are using, according to Linda Bauld, professor of health policy at the University of Stirling.
Another point is that the studies vary in the way they measure how often people use e-cigarettes. "Some only assessed whether a person had ever tried an e-cigarette or if they had tried one recently, not whether they were using it regularly or frequently," Bauld says.
Even the paper's author admits it's possible that in some of the studies e-cigarettes may only have been used once, which he says would not be a good predictor of whether they had affected people's ability to stop smoking.
And there is another problem. You might expect, if you were going to draw conclusions about how useful e-cigarettes are in helping people quit, to focus on studies looking at people who are trying to give up.
Prof Robert West, who heads a team at University College London researching ways to help people stop smoking, says this analysis mashed together some very different studies - only some of which include people using e-cigarettes to help them quit.
Image copyright Getty Images
"To mix them in with studies where you've got people using an e-cigarette and are not particularly trying to stop smoking is mixing apples and oranges," he says.
Some of the studies track smokers who use e-cigarettes for other reasons - perhaps because smoking a cigarette in a bar or an office is illegal and they want a nicotine hit.
"With the studies where people are using electronic cigarettes specifically in a quit attempt the evidence is consistent," says West, referring to two randomised control trials.
Both are quite small and one was funded by the e-cigarette industry. They took two groups of smokers, and gave one real e-cigarettes, and the other a placebo. The studies reach a broadly similar conclusion to a large, real-world study called the Smoking Toolkit run by West.
West's investigation follows people in their daily lives and assesses how successful various methods of giving up smoking are - this includes nicotine patches, medicines and going cold turkey.
These studies suggest that people using e-cigarettes to help them quit are 50% to 100% more successful than those who use no aids at all.
In his paper, Glantz acknowledges there are limitations to the research that he analysed. He agrees there are problems with the way the use of e-cigarettes is measured and accepts it's not clear which devices people are using. But he is sticking by his analysis because he believes he has taken these factors into account.
The editor of Lancet Respiratory Medicine, Emma Grainger, defends the article too. She says she does not see a problem with the paper and that it has been through the normal peer-review process.
More or Less is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and the World Service.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
Authored by Michael Snyder via The American Dream blog,
Hurricane Irma is more powerful than all of the other major Atlantic storms this year combined, and it has an eye as large as the entire Detroit metro area. It is being reported that “upwards of 90%” of Barbuda has already been destroyed by the storm, and it is being projected that some areas of Puerto Rico could be without power “for between four and six months”. You may want to view these photos and these videos to get a better idea of the immense destructiveness of this very powerful storm. The latest forecasts have Hurricane Irma making landfall in Florida, but so far the two nuclear power plants in Florida that would be directly in the path of the storm have not even started the process of shutting down…
In anticipation of powerful Hurricane Irma, which projections on Wednesday showed headed straight for South Florida, Florida Power & Light's two nuclear plants were finalizing staffing plans and cleaning up the grounds. But neither Turkey Point nor the St. Lucie plant further up the coast had made the call yet to shutting down the plants.
Peter Robbins, spokesman for FPL, said shutting down a reactor is a gradual process, and the decision will be made “well in advance” of the storm making landfall.
Robbins said the plant's reactors are encased in six feet of steel-reinforced concrete and sit 20 feet above sea level. Turkey Point has backup generators, extra fuel and, as a “backup to the backup,” replacement parts and materials can be flown in from Tennessee. The St. Lucie Nuclear Power Plant is equally protected, Robbins said, and can withstand severe flooding from storm surges. St. Lucie's nuclear plant survived Hurricanes Frances and Jeanne in 2005 and Wilma the year after. When the eye of Andrew passed over Turkey Point, some facilities around the reactor buildings took a beating. Ultimately, the state's oldest nuclear plant suffered $90 million in damages, including to systems that were supposed to be hurricane-proof. One of the 400-foot smokestacks for the old oil-burning power plant was cracked in half, even though it was rated to survive 235-mph winds. Andrew blew down all but six of the 41 warning sirens within 10 miles of the plant. The storm left the plant running on backup generators for more than a week to cool the shut-down reactor. A main access road was blocked by debris. “It handled Andrew as it was designed to,” Robbins said. “It's one of the safest and most robust structures in the state, of not the country.”
ZH: One word comes to mind hearing all this - "contained."
We all remember what happened with Fukushima, and we definitely do not want to see a repeat on U.S. soil. The Fukushima nuclear disaster changed millions of minds about the safety of nuclear power, and as a member of Congress I will do all that I can to encourage the development of our solar power, wind power and geothermal power capabilities.
Let us hope that Hurricane Irma weakens before it gets to Florida, because the destruction that it is causing right now is off the charts. When it made landfall in Barbuda, there were some wind gusts that were “above 215 mph”…
Irma first made landfall in Barbuda — an island with a population of about 1,600 — around 1:47 a.m. ET Wednesday. Local weather stations there captured wind gusts of 155 mph before going silent, indicating the instruments had been blown away. Irma's sustained winds have been reported at 185 mph, with gusts above 215 mph.
When you have winds that high, there is little that you can do to prepare. According to one top official, “upwards of 90%” of Barbuda has already been destroyed…
At least one death was reported in Barbuda, according to ABS TV Antigua. Charles Fernandez, minister of foreign affairs and international trade for Antigua and Barbuda, told ABS that destruction on Barbuda was “upwards of 90%.” Irma destroyed government buildings, tore roofs from houses and left northern Caribbean islands without power or communications.
Considering what has already happened in the Caribbean, it astounds me that Miami is not being evacuated yet. If all of these communities in the south Florida area try to wait until the last minute to evacuate, it is going to create a traffic nightmare of epic proportions. According to CNN, we could be looking at “one of the largest mass evacuations in US history”…
Based on Irma's projected path, which includes Florida's heavily populated eastern coast, the enormous storm could create one of the largest mass evacuations in US history, CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said. Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties combined have about 6 million people. Monroe County, home to the Florida Keys, has already ordered mandatory evacuations. Broward County, which includes Fort Lauderdale, issued a mandatory evacuation Wednesday for areas east of Federal Highway.
There is still a chance that the storm may not hit Florida at all, and let us hope that is the case.
Sadly, there are some out there that actually want the storm to hit Florida. In fact, some leftists on Twitter are actually rooting for the storm to destroy President Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort.
How can people be so cruel? When I first made the decision to jump into the world of politics, I thought that I would be able to avoid much of the nastiness, but I quickly found out that people are going to call me all sorts of names too. I am starting to understand why it is so hard to get good people to run for office, because there is a great price to be paid for putting yourself out there.
In this situation, my hope is that people down in south Florida won't wait for a formal evacuation order and will start getting out well ahead of this storm. According to CNBC, Hurricane Irma could cause a quarter of a trillion dollars in damage if it is still a category 5 storm once it reaches Miami…
But if it stays a Category 5 and hits Miami, the $125 billion estimate could be doubled, making it by far the costliest storm ever. At $105.8 billion, Hurricane Katrina in 2005 is currently the leader, though Hurricane Harvey, which struck Houston two weeks ago, could well surpass that total.
Can you imagine what a quarter of a trillion dollars of damage would look like?
And let us not forget that another hurricane is following right behind Irma. This could easily become the worst hurricane season in all of U.S. history, and we still have many more weeks to go before the season is over.
Meanwhile, a disaster of another sort is unfolding out west. Large portions of Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Montana are literally on fire. One of the reasons why we are having such a huge problem with wildfires out west is because the federal government is not properly managing public lands. So when these fires hit areas controlled by the feds, they tend to burn more intensely than they should. I intend to fight to have control of those lands transferred to state governments, and I hope that you will support my efforts. Here in Idaho, it has been estimated that we have more than a trillion dollars worth of natural resources under our feet, and if we can get full control of our public lands it would end our state budget problems permanently.
Our world is increasingly becoming a very unstable place, and we are certainly seeing evidence of that this month.
Let us hope that things start settling down, but unfortunately I don't think that is going to happen any time soon…
UPDATED
‘Hostile environment' under Title VI
The University of Tennessee-Knoxville (UTK) has tried to play down years of incendiary comments by members and leaders of campus Muslim organizations that were recently brought to light, citing their right to free expression.
But it may have to respond more forcefully if a Jewish civil rights group, led by a former civil rights chief at the Department of Education, follows through on its suggestion that UTK's federal funding is at risk for tacitly enabling a “hostile environment” against Jewish students.
UTK “should look upon the situation as a teachable moment and … act as educators to remind their community about their shared values,” Kenneth Marcus, president of the Louis D. Brandeis Center for Human Rights Under Law, told The College Fix in an email Monday.
“[W]e are litigators,” and though a lawsuit isn't the group's first choice of action, it's “always a possibility” should the university not take steps to quell anti-Semitism on campus, Marcus said.
Here is another recent example of neo-Nazi Jew-spotting from the Daily Stormer comments. #TheNaziBeastIsBack pic.twitter.com/VIpKpXwDT3 — (((Kenneth L. Marcus (@Klmarcus) August 1, 2016
‘Within their constitutional rights'
Canary Mission, a secretive watchdog group that compiles dossiers on students and academics it accuses of anti-Semitism, claimed in two releases earlier this month that it found dozens of problematic social media posts by current and former members of Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) and the Muslim Students Association (MSA) at UTK.
Some of those posts incited or personally threatened violence, it has claimed.
In response to the administration's subsequent denials that the campus is infested with rampant anti-Semitism, Canary Mission and Jewish campus groups doubled down, demanding stronger denunciations of the “cesspool” created by the Muslim student groups.
Canary Mission told The Algemeiner Aug. 4 it found a “disturbing trend” of anti-Semitic behavior reflected in social media posts by SJP and MSA members, naming six in particular.
Happening right now on Ped Walkway #IsraeliApartheidWeek pic.twitter.com/jCo2z8iJ14 — SJP at UTK (@SJPUTK) March 2, 2016
The administration initially responded that the watchdog group, which declines to identify its membership, had overstated campus hostilities toward Jewish students.
It told WATE Aug. 9 that the administration “does not condone” the alleged anti-Semitic statements – seven posts over five years – but believed that the current and former students “were within their constitutional rights to post their personal viewpoints,” and they were not “made on behalf of any of our student organizations.”
The administration added that the campus chapter of Hillel, a Jewish student organization, and SJP both believe the report “far exaggerates the climate on our campus.” The campus president of Hillel has not responded to Fix inquiries.
UTK's denial of a hostile atmosphere for campus Jews spurred a riposte from Canary Mission, which told The Algemeiner that it had actually identified “97 highly racist, bigoted, antisemitic or threatening posts” on social media originating from 21 people associated with MSA and SJP on campus. “You can be sure that there are more we did not find,” it added.
Canary Mission broke down social media posts it deemed offending, with more than half simply anti-Semitic or consisting of praise for Adolf Hitler. Other offenses included inciting and threatening violence, racism, homophobia and endorsing terrorism and terrorist organizations.
Allusions to the ‘Knife Intifada' – and wanting to punch someone
Despite the administration's earlier claim that its university-affiliated groups did not share anti-Semitic messages in an official capacity, at least one posted flagged by Canary Mission – a graphic comparing Jews to Nazis – was retweeted by UTK SJP.
Last October, UTK SJP Vice President Fatima Itmaizah switched her Facebook profile picture to a graphic apparently advocating a violent solution to the existence of Jewish people in the Holy Land.
In an email to The Fix Tuesday, Canary Mission said it viewed Itmaizah's post as “inciting violence” because the bloody artwork referred to the Palestinian “Knife Intifada” against Israelis that began the month before.
“The attacks were sparked and fueled by religious incitement and the libel that Israel intended to desecrate the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem,” Canary Mission said. “The solution spread by Palestinian media was to stab Israeli Jews.”
Another post alleged to incite violence came from Summer Award on June 4 on Facebook, showing a graphic “of the Dome of the Rock and the Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem featuring five hands that represented different forms of so-called Palestinian ‘resistance' — including a knife, a rock, pen and pencil and BDS,” Canary Mission told The Fix.
The graphic was accompanied by a poem whose lines include: “We will scream out the names of the martyrs and paint with their blood the proof of our claims…Do you hear our war cry, in the spaces between our heartbeats? Do you see our weapons?”
The posts threatening personal violence, in the view of Canary Mission, were closer to the realm of a bar fight.
A November 2012 tweet by SJP and MSA member Jenine Omari read: “If you talk to me about being pro-Israel I may punch you in the face. That's the one thing I cannot control my temper on.”
Mohamed Ali, a member of SJP and MSA, tweeted April 7, 2015: “I feel so incredibly irritable right now. No idea why…Just feel like kicking a Zionist tbh [to be honest].”
Other flagged posts were just crude. One from April by alleged UTK SJP member Ameen Abdel-Khalek derided people for putting “faggot rights” above those of Middle Easterners.
If only people here cared as much for children dying in Syria Palestine Iraq instead of fucking faggot rights maybe wed get somwhere in life — AAK47 (@AmeenAK7) April 19, 2016
Before Canary Mission's second release claiming it found 97 anti-Semitic posts by 21 people – a trove it has apparently only shared with The Algemeiner – national student Jewish groups told The Algemeiner they weren't satisfied with the administration's response.
“What UTK should have said was this type of speech is heinous and despicable and call it out as antisemitism, plain and simple,” said Tammi Rossman-Benjamin, co-founder of the AMCHA Initiative.
UTK must “vociferously condemn and repudiate any and all antisemitic statements and activities by past and present members of the campus community,” said Aron Hier, director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center's campus outreach arm.
‘Legal obligation as a recipient of federal funds'
The Brandeis Center upped the ante after UTK's response to criticism from Canary Mission and Jewish groups.
In a letter Thursday to Chancellor Jimmy Cheek, Marcus and the center's senior attorneys urged the university to consider the flagged posts as racial harassment under Title VI.
“Allowing such statements by UTK students, without strong condemnation from the University administration, will signal that UTK takes a disparaging view of Jewish students and students of Israeli national origin,” the letter read. “Such messages are incompatible with UTK's values – and federal civil rights law.”
“[C]ombating campus anti-Semitism is not only the right thing to do,” Marcus told The Fix. “It is also the university's legal obligation as a recipient of federal funds.”
The letter to Cheek cites a 2004 “Dear Colleague” letter authored by Marcus when he was a assistant secretary of civil rights at the Department of Education, advising educators that Title VI applied to cases of discrimination on the basis of Jewish ethnicity or ancestry. (Regulatory guidance does not carry the force of law.)
Marcus said he wasn't advocating that UTK censor its students: “If constitutionally protected speech is involved, the university should be careful not to punish or threaten the speakers.”
The Fix's calls to UTK's media relations team on Friday and Monday were not returned.
UPDATE: Because of an editing error, part of a quote by Brandeis Center President Kenneth Marcus (“It is also the university's legal obligation as a recipient of federal funds”) was cut off in the original article. The full quote has been restored.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: ZouZou/Shutterstock
When oxygen disappeared, early marine animals really started evolving
Animals need oxygen to survive, but a relative lack of oxygen in Earth's ancient oceans helped early marine creatures evolve, a new study claims. Indeed, the “Cambrian explosion”—the burst of evolution about 540 million years ago that included the birth of most of the major animal groups we know today—was enabled by oxygen deprivation, the researchers say. The finding comes in the wake of a better understanding of how oxygen levels in the oceans and the atmosphere fluctuated in the deep past, and may shift how scientists think animal evolution can proceed.
The study shows that low-oxygen episodes “charged the pump” for animal evolution to get going, says Timothy Lyons, a biogeochemist at the University of California, Riverside, who was not involved in the work.
Today, depending on the area, typical surface ocean waters consist of between 5.4 and 8 milliliters of dissolved oxygen for every liter of seawater. But waters with low oxygen—or near-anoxic—levels exist as “oxygen minimum zones” (OMZs). This includes places like parts of the eastern Pacific Ocean where small animals like nematodes and specially adapted fish live on the fringes of habitability, subsisting in waters where oxygen concentrations can be only about 1% of normal surface water levels. In some ancient eras, according to other recent work on ocean chemistry, marine animals lived in “worlds of lower oxygen,” Lyons says. “Much of the ocean during these time periods may've been like OMZs today.”
Paleontologists Rachel Wood of the University of Edinburgh and Douglas Erwin of the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., set out to study how the animal kingdom responded to those low oxygen levels. They charted how fluctuating oxygen concentrations correlated with the emergence of new animals as seen in the fossil record and from genetic data. They noted three phases when, after oxygen in the seas dipped and then rose again, animal diversity flourished.
Very early on in animal evolutionary history, during the Ediacaran period between 635 million and 540 million years ago, low-oxygen conditions permeated the oceans; in the subsequent Cambrian period, which began about 540 million years ago, more oxygenated waters appeared—and so did many key animal traits, including a heart, a central nervous system, mouthparts, and the ability to produce limbs and skeletons. As oxygen levels became more tolerable, groups with these traits boomed, filling the fossil record with what's called the Cambrian explosion. But it was before the explosion itself, “during these anoxic phases … that a lot of morphological novelty arises,” Erwin explains, likely in small, soft-bodied animals that existed on the sidelines of ancient ecosystems and which left little to no fossil record.
The same thing happened in two other, later periods. At the end of the Cambrian, the oceans became devoid of oxygen for about 3 million to 4 million years; afterward, animal life flourished in what's called the Ordovician radiation, during which diversity in the major animal groups skyrocketed. “The corals really get going, the sponges get going … [in] an enormous wave of diversification,” Wood says.
Then about 252 million years ago, another anoxic event was associated with the Permo-Triassic extinction, the largest mass extinction on record. But afterward, the fossil record shows new coral and sponge species, and animals like the ichthyosaurs—extinct dolphinlike marine reptiles—diversify. These new forms likely appeared during the low-oxygen times, but boomed once oxygen levels recovered, the researchers report in Biological Reviews .
Scientists say that anoxia remains bad for modern-day ecosystems. But over very long timescales, it can enable evolution. “People previously thought that you needed some threshold level of oxygen for evolution to work really well,” says Carl Simpson, a paleobiologist at the University of Colorado in Boulder who was not involved in the work. “What this says are that it's possible for animals to be diversifying like normal even at much lower oxygen levels.”
What remains unknown is exactly how low oxygen episodes drove animal evolution. Did anoxia simply remove larger, more dominant animals, leaving space for smaller animals to take over? The answer is not clear, but, Wood explains, studying how animals evolve in modern day OMZs may shed some light.
The Boy Scouts of America in three parts:
Part I – Being a Boy Scout | Part II – Origins | Part III – Organization
2010 marked a significant milestone in the lives of young men all across the continent as the Boys Scouts of America celebrated its 100th Anniversary.
Started in 1906 the Boy Scouts, in the course of a few short years and group mergers, took its present shape in 1910 to become the premier young mans organization that it is today. Premier because few organizations produce the quality young men that the Eagle Scout embodies. For its adult leadership, the Wood Badge is the mature persons Eagle Scout equivalent which embodies the spirit of the Scouts into the adult leader who assumes the leadership role to guide the young men up that progressive climb.
Said by some to be a quagmire of paperwork, the BSA is a mostly volunteer organization composed of parents and interested community members to guide its course. At the local level, troops (like lodges) are individually chartered and provide a space in which the member boys meet.
Like Freemasonry, the Scouts are a private membership organization that through and through is values-based. At its core is the teaching of being a responsible citizen, character development, educational programs, and self-reliance through participation in a wide range of outdoor activities.
The Scout Oath sums very squarely what it represents as it states:
On my honor I will do my best
To do my duty to God and my country
and to obey the Scout Law;
To help other people at all times;
To keep myself physically strong,
mentally awake, and morally straight.
Which is in turn supported by the Scout Law which says:
A Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly,
courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty,
brave, clean, and reverent.
Both statements are meritorious to any individual that applies them to their life, but the Boy Scouts weave these ideas into the very fiber of the organization such that it becomes as much a part of the members being, as the characteristic brown and green uniform.
It is very much a way of life, with an optimistic way to look at a past ideal of social virtue and civic engagement, something little seen today and even less instilled in young men. This social virtue is so much a component of the Boy Scouts that the highest rank, the Eagle Scout, is predicated on the completion of a service project for one of the communities in which the scout circulates. By its very conduct it is very easy to see that the ideal of a Boy Scout sums into the ideal of Leadership, Achievement, Character, Service, and Environmental Appreciation (did I mention the Scouts camp a lot?).
From a Masonic point of view, we can see the similarity to the aims of the organization in its workings. Both have a progressive line of promotion that elevates the junior member to a higher standing within the body – Tenderfoot to Eagle/Apprentice to Master – predicated on a set of civic principals and virtues of self improvement.
In the Masonic Lodge, the degree of Master as the most common level of lodge practice, the Scouts conduct meetings with all grades in attendance and impressively with greater participation, as they see all the participants as contributors to the units prosperity.
This mixed rank participation allows more experienced members to interact with younger scouts to teach, train, and impart their experience to those who will one day hold those elder leadership positions.
Unlike Masonry, the Boy Scouts has an age cap in which the youth in attendance need progress to his ability before he comes of age at 18. There is some latitude for those working on their Eagle Rank, but essentially, the Scouting door closes at the 18th birthday. That does not, however, eradicate the youths ability to continue on with the experiences of Scouting as there is a secondary body called the Venturing which has an older age ceiling with further rank advancement and meritorious awards. But, once a scout always a scout and opportunities abound for mature scouts to volunteer with his troop, mentor up and coming scouts, and evolve into a Scout Master in the future.
Also, for the college bound scout, there is a college fraternity – Alpha Phi Omega or APO which is roughly 17,000 students strong and more than 350,000 alumni. The purpose of APO is a service fraternity with principals derived from the Scout Oath and Law to promote leadership and service to humanity. This collegiate fraternity is a natural next-step for any Scout looking to continue his scouting path at university.
One important aspect of the Boy Scouts is faith, something that is inherent in scouting, but not in a fundamental way.
The official word on faith in Scouting is:
Scouting encourages each young person to begin a spiritual journey through the practice of his or her faith tradition. One of the key tenets of Scouting is “duty to God.” While Scouting does not define religious belief for its members, it has been adopted by and works with youth programs of all major faiths.
This is very similar to the Masonic ideal of faith in a supreme being with out an expressed definition of what that faith is. Unlike the Scouts, Masonry uses the Bible as the principal sacred book where as the scouts have developed a Religious Emblems Program to broaden the individual scouts faith and honor the various faiths of its membership. The groups range from the African Methodist Episcopal Church to Zoroastrianism.
Now that we have an idea of who and what the Scouts are today the next logical step is to look at where the Boy Scouts of America came from, which presents some interesting insight to the zeitgeist of the beginning 20th century and some possible unseen Masonic connections at its origin.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Ruud will join Gary Lineker and Martin Keown on Match of the Day at 22:30 BST on Saturday, with highlights of eight games, including Arsenal v Chelsea and Manchester United v Leicester.
Seeing Liverpool dominate Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the Blues' last Premier League game was very difficult for me to swallow.
Antonio Conte's side were very passive defensively as they lost 2-1 at home and I think they were left exposed a little bit. That has to change.
But, although I am very curious about how Conte will approach Saturday's game against Arsenal, I am not worried.
Up until now I think he has been playing the 'Chelsea way', rather than his own, since taking charge over the summer.
Antonio Conte has won five, drawn one and lost one of his seven games in charge of Chelsea
For me, Conte is still searching for a system he can rely on - what he sees as his ideal way of playing in the Premier League, and the best team he can pick to execute it.
He will need time to find out what he wants to do, and also whether it works.
It means there are a lot of questions about Chelsea right now - but we will soon get some answers.
I am analysing this weekend's game against the Gunners for Match of the Day, and I am looking forward to seeing what Conte tries next, and how he gets on.
'A system on its own is not the key to success'
Media playback is not supported on this device Who is new Chelsea manager Antonio Conte?
When Conte took charge of Italy, he adapted the national side to the 3-5-2 formation he favours, which he used predominantly as Juventus manager.
But a system on its own is not the key to success. Conte himself has said it is important to find out what works best for a specific team, and that is exactly what he is doing now.
So far at Chelsea, he has always set up with four at the back and used a shape close to either the 4-2-3-1 or 4-3-3 that the Blues played under Jose Mourinho in his two spells as Blues boss.
Playing the way Chelsea have played for a long time has its advantages - it suits N'Golo Kante in the centre of midfield, Eden Hazard is back to playing well on the left too, and up front Diego Costa is getting plenty of chances, even if I think he is too isolated at times.
Conte will not be happy with the number of errors his side have made at the back, however. That is something he might try to change this weekend by reverting to what he knows works for him.
At the start of the season I don't think he had the players to play a three-man defence, but signing David Luiz gave him that option, and he can do it now that John Terry is fit again.
Will it work for Chelsea? I don't know, but - until now - Conte has not even had the opportunity to try it.
'Fabregas showed against Leicester what he can do'
Conte has another decision to make in midfield. Will Cesc Fabregas play against his old club Arsenal after scoring twice in the EFL Cup in midweek?
The Spaniard has not started a Premier League game this season but he showed against Leicester what he can do.
The fact he did well in that game does not mean he will play on Saturday but whether he is picked or not will tell us more about how big a part he plays in Conte's plans.
Fabregas is very creative of course, but he is not known for chasing back or tackling, which might be why he has spent most of this season on the bench.
But, with Kante in the team, Chelsea has a player who does that side of the game really well, so I can understand why many Chelsea fans want to see Fabregas start against the Gunners and increase their attacking threat.
I would like to see Ruben Loftus-Cheek in the Chelsea team too - he has not played at all in the Premier League so far this season, and I don't know why.
But of course I do not watch him or Fabregas in training and without seeing either player every day it is difficult to demand that he has to play - that is for Conte to decide.
'Judge Conte after six months, not six weeks'
Media playback is not supported on this device We must be focused - Antonio Conte
Saturday's trip to Emirates Stadium is going to be tough because Arsenal look stronger than they did last season, right the way through their team.
Chelsea has some other big games coming up too, against defending champions Leicester and then Manchester United.
Chelsea's next five Premier League games Arsenal Away 24 September Hull Away 1 October Leicester City Home 15 October Manchester United Home 23 October Southampton Away 30 October
How the Blues get on will tell us more about their current strengths and weaknesses but we should not judge Conte as a Premier League manager on those results.
He has only just arrived in this country and has just started his job - he should be given six months to settle in. Sadly, that does not seem to happen anymore.
I was the first Chelsea manager that Arsene Wenger came up against as Arsenal boss 20 years ago - Conte will be the 12th. Things are very different now to when Arsene first came to England.
Because of the amount of money involved, people demand instant results and nobody gets a honeymoon period in a new job. It is the same for everyone - look at the criticism that Mourinho is already getting at United.
I fear that Conte will get similar treatment if Chelsea have a bad spell over the next few weeks, even though he is still adapting and working out how he wants to play.
Ruud Gullit was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
MUSIC NEWS- It's official, as previously reported, the much rumored Grateful Dead (and friends) reunion has announced! The Pennsylvania Campaign for Change has just released details about the Monday, October 13 concert fundraiser to benefit Obama for America featuring many Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees and other American music icons. Performing will be Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Bill Kreutzmann, and Mickey Hart, Gregg Allman, Butch Trucks, Jaimoe, Warren Haynes, Derek Trucks, Marc Quinones, Oteil Burbridge, and Jeff Chimenti. Tickets will be available at 12:00 p.m. EDT on Friday, Sept 19, and are $50 for the general public and $30 for University Park students with a Pennsylvania State University ID. Purchase tickets online, here.
UPDATE 01/01/09 - Dead to tour in '09! See news report on Grateful Dead Spring 2009 reunion.
Dwayne Allen spent his first five seasons catching passes from Andrew Luck in Indianapolis. Now he's snatching them from Tom Brady in New England. The transition to the new offense hasn't exactly gone smoothly.
Allen admitted the Patriots' offense is difficult to pick up quickly.
"It is extremely hard," Allen said, via the Boston Herald. "I'm not going to sugarcoat it."
Allen isn't the first veteran to find the transition to New England's offense tough. Chad Johnson famously struggled to pick up the route combinations on the fly.
The 27-year-old joined an offense where the main moving parts -- Brady, Rob Gronkowski, Julian Edelman -- have been together for years. Allen has slowly made strides picking up the offense. He reportedly looked more comfortable in training camp after admitting to a "horrible" spring.
"It is hard but also stimulating and very exciting," Allen said of learning the offense. "It is one of those things that where you pray for something so long, and when it comes, you can't cry because it's harder than you thought it was going to be.
"You have to accept that and be grateful for it."
The Patriots love their multifaceted two-tight end sets, which means there should be plenty of opportunity for Allen to play a large role alongside Gronkowski this season. Assuming he continues to grow in the offense, Allen is also great insurance if Gronk suffers another injury.
Dry reservoir leaves Robert Lee with few options, unsure future
The dwindling water at Spence Reservoir fades from It's now deeply cracked former floor. The dwindling water at Spence Reservoir fades from It's now deeply cracked former floor. Photo: John Boyd/MRT Photo: John Boyd/MRT Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Dry reservoirs leaves Robert Lee with few options, unsure future 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
ROBERT LEE -- In a matter of months, E.V. Spence Reservoir will be dry, more suitable as a mud slop for hogs than a lake for people.
Barring a rescue plan that has yet to be written, Robert Lee -- a town that finds a pillar of its economy and its sole source of drinking water in the lake -- will turn to the National Guard to begin supplying the town's water, truck by truck.
Mayor John Jacobs can differentiate his ill-will toward "the situation" from his attitude toward the cities in the Colorado River Municipal District -- Midland included -- that have contributed to sucking his lake to less than 0.76 percent capacity.
His town isn't resentful of the green lawns elsewhere, he said, but he can't ignore their impact on Spence and the source of water it provides for Robert Lee.
"We've been on water restrictions for two years," Jacobs said, "and y'all (in Midland) are finally down to just watering twice a week now. We don't have a green yard in town."
Last week, Midland and its fellow water cohorts were cut off from the reservoir by the CRMWD, which finished construction on Spence in 1969.
Instead, the district will start pulling more water from O.H. Ivie Reservoir and other resources.
But in Robert Lee, Spence is currently the last and only option.
Town leaders this week are pursuing an option that could pipe in water on an emergency basis from Oak Creek Lake and a series of wells 12 miles to the town's east in Bronte, Jacobs said.
The pipeline is Robert Lee's second attempt at a Plan B after emergency wells drilled by the Upper Colorado River Authority earlier in the summer showed their output would come too slowly to keep the town in water.
If the Bronte pipeline doesn't pan out, Jacobs said residents may begin seeing National Guard water trucks rolling through town by early next year.
"They're in dire straits," said Scott McWilliams, a UCRA hydrogeologist who spent his summer drilling water wells in Robert Lee. "Their engineers said they'd have enough water to last until March, but it's hard for me to see that."
Midland wasn't insensitive to the worsening situation at Spence and other area water resources, Midland City Councilman John James said.
Earlier in the year, the City Council penned a three-stage water conservation plan and on April 1 placed Midland under its first water restrictions of the drought.
The hope was to reduce usage by 10 percent to satisfy the CRMWD's drought-induced stinginess.
"Most people can kind of cut back 10 percent," James said.
Early results were positive, with residents exceeding the city's water allotment from CRMWD only twice in the first 20 days of the restriction.
But as a warm spring turned into the hottest, driest start to a summer on record, water usage reports showed a city struggling to live within its water means.
In a one-week period in June, residents busted the city's water cap four times.
The water used in Midland on a Sunday that week, June 5, could've kept Robert Lee residents in water for almost four months -- the overage alone counting for 10 of those days.
In response, the City Council moved to begin enforcing restrictions with fines, but another three weeks passed before the policy was enacted to give residents more time to adjust.
"As you get the data you take action," James said. "In my mind, we probably should have led a little sooner."
In the meantime, doing without had become a way of life in Robert Lee.
Any other summer a visit from the grandkids would have meant an afternoon in the backyard pool for Mario Tavarez and his grandson, Jagger.
Instead, Tavarez and Jagger spent their 100-plus degree afternoon together earlier this month riding together on Tavarez's riding lawn mower.
There's no lawn anymore, but it gets them out of the house, Tavarez said.
"I've got an irrigation system and everything," Tavarez said, looking at his lawn. "But, of course ... ."
He trails off. In Robert Lee, it doesn't need to be said.
Online editor John Boyd can be reached at jboyd@mrt.com.
SAN ANTONIO — A federal court has struck down virtually all of Texas' Senate Bill 4, a law slated to take effect September 1 that would have forced local law enforcement to carry out federal immigration directives. The American Civil Liberties Union is among the groups challenging the law.
Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project who argued the case on behalf of El Cenizo and Mayor Raul Reyes, Texas LULAC, and Maverick County plaintiffs, including Sheriff Tom Schmerber, had this reaction:
“The court was right to strike down virtually all of this patently unconstitutional law. Senate Bill 4 would have led to rampant discrimination and made communities less safe. That's why police chiefs and mayors themselves were among its harshest critics — they recognized it would harm, not help, their communities.”
Terri Burke, executive director of the ACLU of Texas, had this reaction:
“The Texas legislature has a reliable history of ignoring the Constitution when writing law, and we're thankful the court blocked SB4 before it could do irreparable damage to our communities. But we do not expect Gov. Abbott or Attorney General Ken Paxton to yield easily. This fight isn't over yet, so we call upon law enforcement, local officials, and supporters who have fought so hard to stop this law not to let up until SB4 is well and truly dead.”
The ruling is at: https://www.aclu.org/legal-document/city-el-cenizo-et-al-v-state-texas-et-al-order
More information is at: https://www.aclu.org/cases/city-el-cenizo-et-al-v-state-texas-et-al
"I think there's a lot about Saudi Arabia that we don't fully understand. And I want to get to the root cause of it," Bernie Sanders said. | AP Photo Sanders: America needs to get to 'root cause' of 9/11
The United States needs to get to the "root cause" of the 9/11 attacks, Bernie Sanders said in an interview aired Sunday, explaining his support for Senate legislation that would allow the families of terror victims the right to sue foreign governments and entities in federal court, including Saudi Arabia.
"I think there's a lot about Saudi Arabia that we don't fully understand. And I want to get to the root cause of it," Sanders told Chuck Todd on NBC News' "Meet the Press." "The root of what Saudi Arabia has done."
Remarking that there is "some evidence -- and we will have to ascertain whether it's accurate or not -- that money from Saudi Arabia actually funded a 9/11 attack," Sanders noted that Saudi money "is going all over the world" to fund the austere Wahhabi form of Islam.
"And I think that the full extent of the role that Saudi Arabia plays in supporting extremism in this world is something that we should explore," Sanders said.
Hillary Clinton has voiced support for the bill, which is co-sponsored by Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.).
The White House has suggested that President Barack Obama would veto the bill if it came to his desk, concerned that it could lead to retaliatory lawsuits against American citizens living abroad.
Sanders has also called for the declassification of 28 redacted pages from the Joint Congressional Inquiry completed in 2002, which could provide more information on connections between the Saudi government and the hijackers. The Vermont senator told CBS last Monday that he would not read the 28 pages, however, because, "The difficulty is, you see then, if you read them, then you're gonna ask me a question, you're gonna say, 'You read them, what's in them?' And now I can tell you honestly I have not."
For her part, Clinton has declined to comment on whether she has read the portions that remain classified.
Marvel Television bringing Iron Fist, Agents of SHIELD, and Legion to NYCC
Marvel Television has announced that they're returning to the stage at this year's New York Comic Con, offering fans the opportunity to see the debut of the cast of Marvel's Iron Fist, catch an all-new episode of Marvel's Agents of SHIELD, and see the world premiere of the animated movie Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell.
“Fans are going to love the sneak peaks of our newest shows that we have lined up for New York Comic Con,” Head of Marvel Television Jeph Loeb said. “With a first look at Marvel's Iron Fist and a new episode of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., we want to blow you away with the exclusive Marvel content at this year's Show.”
“We are always looking to bring the best content and most anticipated programming to the New York Comic Con stages,” said Lance Fensterman, Global Senior Vice President of ReedPOP. “Each year we are able to accomplish that goal with Marvel Television's must-see Panels. We are thrilled that they continue to choose NYCC as the top destination for fans to catch exclusive announcements and premieres.”
Below are specific dates and details on Marvel Television's New York Comic Con events:
Friday, October 7
Marvel Television Presents: Marvel's Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D: Ghost Rider – 7:30 PM to 8:45 PM – Main Stage
Join Executive Producer Jeph Loeb (Marvel's Head of TV) and cast members as they share secrets from the hot new season and be the first to see an all-new episode of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Saturday, October 8
Marvel Animation Presents – 5:30 PM to 6:30 PM – Room 1A06
Join Marvel Animation for an eye-popping, toe-tapping, heart-stopping Panel celebrating Marvel's acclaimed animated series Marvel's Ultimate Spider-Man vs. The Sinister Six, Marvel's Avengers: Ultron Revolution, and Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy. Hosted by Cort Lane (SVP, Animation and Family Entertainment) and Stephen Wacker (VP, Current Series & Development), this Panel will feature exclusive sneak peeks from upcoming episodes, scoops on exciting new projects in development and a special reveal of Marvel's biggest new animated project. You won't want to miss this event
The Netflix Original Series Marvel's Iron Fist – 6:30 PM to 7:30 PM – Main Stage
Join the cast of the new Netflix original series, Marvel's Iron Fist in their first-ever appearance, as they answer questions and debut footage from the highly-anticipated show premiering on Netflix in 2017. Moderated by Executive Producer Jeph Loeb, this Panel promises to be one you won't want to miss!
Sunday, October 9
WORLD PREMIERE: Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell – 10:30 AM to 12:00 PM – Room 1A06
Join Marvel Animation for the world premiere of the new animated film, Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell! This spooky, action-packed, feature-length film follows Hulk, Doctor Strange and the Howling Commandos on a mission to stop Nightmare from conquering the world. Cort Lane (SVP, Animation and Family Entertainment) will join you to host this exciting, family-friendly premiere in Room 1A06 – can't wait to see you there!
FX Networks Presents: Legion – 12:30pm-1:30pm – Hammerstein Ballroom
Join FX Networks and Marvel for an exclusive sneak peek at Legion, the highly-anticipated drama series from showrunner Noah Hawley, followed by a moderated discussion and audience Q&A. Inspired by the character from Marvel's X-Men comics, Legion is the story of David Haller (Dan Stevens), a troubled young man who may be more than human. This panel is one you will not want to miss!
Marvel's Agents of SHIELD premieres its fourth season on Tuesday, September 20, with Legion premiering on FX in 2017 and Iron Fist set to follow afterward.
This has got to be the cheesiest promotion gimmick in history.
Doritos have attempted to to solve a problem we didn't even realise we had: not being able to listen to music through a crisp packet.
To promote the latest addition to Marvel's Cinematic Universe, ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2', Doritos have unveiled a new type of bag that comes with a headphone jack that will play the film's ‘awesome' soundtrack in full.
As Stereogum report, the controls on the packet fit around the image of a tape deck. Also, and this bit is wild, the crisp bag is rechargeable so you can listen to the soundtrack more than once. Perfect if you haven't got enough for a streaming service subscription.
The follow-up soundtrack to the first Guardians flick, which went on to become one of the best-selling vinyl records of recent years, features a huge range of stone-cold '70s hits.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Check out the full tracklist for ‘Guardians of The Galaxy Vol. 2' below.
ELO – ‘Mr. Blue Sky'
Sweet – ‘Fox on the Run'
Aliotta Haynes Jeremiah – ‘Lake Shore Drive'
Fleetwood Mac – ‘The Chain'
Sam Cooke – ‘Bring it On Home to Me'
Glen Campbell – ‘Southern Nights'
George Harrison – ‘My Sweet Lord'
Looking Glass – ‘Brandy You're a Fine Girl'
Jay and the Americans – ‘Come a Little Bit Closer'
Silver – ‘Wham Bang Shang-A-Lang'
Cheap Trick – ‘Surrender'
Yusuf / Cat Stevens – ‘Father and Son'
Parliament – ‘Flashlight'
The Sneepers featuring David Hasselhoff – ‘Guardians Inferno'
Read more: Go behind the scenes with the cast of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2
Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 is available in cinemas from April 28
We undoubtedly have some urban transportation challenges here in Boston, with increasing worries about deadly collisions between bikes and cars.
Just last month, we were reminded of that when Anita Kurmann, a 38-year-old medical researcher, was struck and killed by a tractor-trailer while turning on to Beacon Street in Back Bay. She was at least the 13th cyclist killed in Boston since 2010.
There is also a growing number cyclists in Boston — they've doubled since 2007. But continued tragedies like Kurmann's are prompting calls for protected bike lanes and demands that motorists "share the road."
It sounds reasonable if you're a cyclist. But Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby says bikes don't belong on busy city streets. In an op-ed, "Urban Roads Aren't Meant For Bicycles," Jacoby wrote that the tragic death of Kurmann is the latest reminder that "cyclists and traffic don't mix." He says, "It's not just foolish to pretend otherwise. It's deadly."
Guests
Jeff Jacoby, columnist at The Boston Globe. He tweets @Jeff_Jacoby.
Jeff Rosenblum, co-founder of Livable Streets Alliance and PhD candidate in urban planning at MIT. He tweets @RosenblumJeff.
More
The Boston Globe: Urban Roads Aren't Meant For Bicycles
"If you want to ride a bicycle in Boston, you've got plenty of great places to do it. Massachusetts Avenue during business hours shouldn't be one of them."
United States Census Bureau: Who Drives To Work? Commuting By Automobile In The United States: 2013
" In 2013, about 86 percent of all workers commuted to work by private vehicle, either driving alone or carpooling. In recent years, the percentage of workers who commute by private vehicle remained relatively stable after decades of consistent increase."
Boston Bikes: State Of The Hub
"Preliminary numbers suggest that the crash injury rate may be declining.2013 saw 572 crashes, a 20% increase over 2010. Ridership in the same period, however, increased.
42% according to the American Community Survey. The rate of accidents, therefore, is better, though ultimately we aim to reduce the absolute number of crashes as well."
Having been a professional critic for several decades, I've reviewed something like a thousand records and concerts. Many are a blur. But I'll always remember writing about Radiohead's OK Computer for SPIN 20 years ago.
First, a little background. I saw Radiohead open for college radio faves Belly the same week Pearl Jam's Vs. sold nearly a million copies in 1993—a record-breaking achievement. Grunge was making every kind of rock heavier, often to a fault. Slacker bands were suddenly aspiring to be rock stars like Nirvana, who hated being rock stars, and that contradiction made many—including Radiohead at this early stage—conflicted and awkward. I'd heard “Creep” as a perfect piece of outsider pop, an anthem for all of us who were told we “don't belong here.” But Thom Yorke's then-bleached Cobain-esque hair and the belabored dread of their other early songs suggested Radiohead secretly aspired to be insiders, which didn't suit them. There were plenty of second-hand, third-tier, fake-Seattle bands canvassing the U.S.; we didn't need these Brits stumbling about as if they too were shooting smack. Their clothes were godawful; Yorke's dancing was worse. I gladly and mercilessly panned them.
Their second album, 1995's The Bends, completely reversed my dismissal. It came out amid the Britpop explosion, which brought out dodgy imitators just like grunge. For every Suede, Blur, Pulp, or Elastica, there were many lesser, reactionary Oasis clones reviving the sullen, laddish classic rock stances new wave rightly rendered cornball. In the space of one album, though, Radiohead circumvented all that. This time they sustained the tunes that supported their seriousness, and put the “Creep”-enabled money being thrown at them to good use: The album's emphatically cinematic videos, particularly “Just,” confirmed that this was a band that was nailing the sweet spot between accessibility and mystery.
But although the UK press proclaimed that Radiohead joined the big leagues with The Bends, the band's sweepingly positive critical consensus hadn't yet spread to most Yanks: My SPIN cohort Chuck Eddy ended his largely negative Bends review grousing, “Too much nodded-out nonsense mumble, not enough concrete emotion.” But sales and radio play snowballed regardless: The album's fifth UK single, “Street Spirit (Fade Out),” was its most successful; a No. 5 pop hit nearly a year after the album's release. In America, The Bends soon fell off the chart after initially peaking at No. 147, but eventually returned to it and went gold a year later when the deceptively conventional single “High and Dry” was similarly promoted late in the game. Something was happening, and I wanted to write about it.
Months ago, before the Republican race was whittled down to just two candidates, a very curious thing happened. Ted Cruz‘s super PAC ‘donated' $500,000 to Carly Fiorina‘s super PAC. A few articles popped up at the time, and the Federal Election Committee even issued a letter asking the Cruz super PAC to better explain what the donation was for.
To be clear, a half a million dollars is not a small donation, and, at the time, it was the largest expense that the PAC had paid out. So why the heck would Cruz's PAC hand over that kind of money in the midst of a heated campaign splintered with so many candidates? In an interview in October, Kellyanne Conway, president of Cruz's PAC told CBS News, that they made the donation in June “because we thought she had important things to say that weren't being heard.” She added, “we are all in for Ted Cruz for President.”
Do you seriously believe that a group that was pushing for Cruz to be president would want to help his rival, Carly Fiorina? That makes no sense. The reason that LawNewz.com uncovered in the Cruz PAC's recently amended filings with the FEC raises even more questions.
“The failure of this super PAC to adequately describe the purpose of this transaction – undermines the public's right to know,” Campaign Legal Center Executive Director Paul Ryan told LawNewz.com.
In the new filing, under the reason category instead of saying “other disbursement” like they had marked previously, Keep The Promise I (the name of the Cruz super PAC) amended the filing to say “transfer to IE only committee.” Uh? An “IE Only Committee” is legalese for “super PAC.” What the Cruz super PAC means by “Transfer to IE Only Committee” is that it gave money to a different super PAC. Okay, well, thanks for amending the disclosure, but that still gives us no indication about what this money was used for, and why it was given to Cruz's opponent. And, in fact, legal experts believe that federal rules may require the super PAC to mark this as a donation not a transfer anyway.
“Even if this Cruz supporting super PAC describes the purpose (in their amended disclosures), that still doesn't answer the why question — the motivation is what is interesting and intriguing,” Ryan said.
It is intriguing. I was prompted to research this particular donation because longtime Donald Trump friend and confidante Roger Stone brought it up in a recent interview, when he was addressing the National Enquirer article that accused Ted Cruz of having affairs with five different mistresses. (Something that Cruz has dismissed as ‘garbage' and ‘lies')
“And you have to wonder whether these women, one of whom worked for the Carly Fiorina campaign, and then shortly thereafter Ted Cruz pays Carly half a million dollars. Ted despises Carly, and Carly despises Ted. What is the $500,000 for? Can you say hush money?” Stone said in the interview. Stone, a longtime GOP political consultant, was the only one quoted ‘on the record' for the Enquirer story. His claim definitely sounds like a conspiracy theory, but it's now exploding on the internet. Plus, it wouldn't be the first time a presidential candidate used hush money to cover up an affair.
Of course, fast forward to now, Fiorina is backing Cruz in his campaign for presidency. Interestingly, Fiorina was recently out campaigning with him in Wisconsin when a Daily Mail reporter asked Cruz point blank about whether he had affairs. Fiorina quickly jumped in before Cruz could say a word.
“I'm going to comment. This is an example of the media playing to Donald Trump's tune. Donald Trump is a serial philanderer, by his own admission,” Fiorina said.
Okay, so we have no idea if the two are connected, but we do know that it is very unusual for a Cruz-supporting PAC to give money to his opponent. We also know that the reason that the PAC stated in their amended disclosures is even more curious, and provides even fewer answers.
“This is very rare, I can't recall another instance in which one super PAC contributed to another super PAC supporting an opponent, ” election law expert Paul Ryan said.
I emailed Cruz's PAC Keep the Promise for further explanation, they pointed me back to their previous statements on the matter in which the executive director said that Keep the Promise I “supports Ted Cruz for President” but “will offer support to other candidates.”
Cruz's campaign has not returned a call. We will continue digging to see if we can find out what this money was used for. But, as you know, the federal rules are pretty lax when it comes to requiring superPAC to make disclosures.
[image via Shutterstock]
Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets spoke to SPORT about missing out on FIFA's World XI, his idols as a young footballer and his thoughts on social media…
Toni Juanmarti
On the pitch, Busquets has always been vital for Barça, but how have you evolved in the dressing room?
The years have provided me with a lot of experience. I learnt from older players about what to do in each moment - and that includes co-existence.
But now you're one of the captains. Do you feel more important?
I've always felt quite important, knowing at every moment the role I had. It's not the same role as when I was promoted to the first team, though, no. Now I am the third captain. It's clear there's been a change.
No-one doubts that every day you are a better player - what's the secret?
I am very self-critical - maybe too much. I look at how the game has gone, what I did well, what I did not so well, what I can do better… Also, I think [taking care] of the day-to-day things is fundamental. In your social life you have to take care of yourself as well as you can: rest well, train at top form, learn from your team-mates, your manager. I hope to continue improving and maturing and to always be one of the pillars of this Barça.
What moment did you think you had a chance at becoming professional?
When I passed from Juvenil A to Barça B. You stop playing with and against people of your age and start against people who could be 10 years older. It's the leap forward that lets you know whether you can [make it] or not. I didn't know that everything would go as well as it has, but I had that feeling [I could become a professional].
Before you made it, which players did you look up to?
I didn't have a clear idol, but I looked at players with tactical similarities. I looked at Patrick Vieira, then Xavi and also Yaya Toure. I have to say that I learnt a lot from Yaya.
You've had the luck to experience Barça's best ever era…
It's costing a lot to win and, on a day-to-day basis, even more. It's a dream I never would have imagined. We have to continue to make sure that this does not end.
You've won so much, but does one moment stay with you?
With Spain, to win the World Cup is incredible. To win a final in extra-time, with penalties approaching… As for club level, the trebles and the sextet mean a lot, but the Champions League final which we won at Wembley stays with me, because of the way we won it. For a team-mate like Abidal, after all that had happened, to win the final left a great taste.
Incredibly you weren't in FIFA's World XI - does it leave a bad taste?
On one side of things, everyone wants their work to be recognised. On the other, I know that these prizes, sometimes, are a little more to do with popularity than other things. There were a lot of players missing who had a great season, like many members of our side which won the treble. But it's also true that those who were there, except one player who spent a lot of time injured, are great players. What stays with me is that I've worked well and the important thing is that we won the treble as a team - and then later added two more trophies.
The feeling from outside is that Busquets likes to stay away from the media spotlight, why is that?
I'm away from the media focus. I don't use social media and I don't want to attract attention. I decided that I prefer to do well on the pitch and be recognised by the people who really like and understand football - and I am happy with that. I prefer that at the end of the season we win team titles; the individual awards can stay on the side.
Speaking of social networks, are you sure you won't join one one day?
[Laughs] I'll think about it, it's a difficult decision. Since I reached the first tam, I didn't see it as necessary to join social network sites. We already have the press, and that is enough. Sometime social media is used well, other times, though, it's used not so well. You have to have a balance and know how to use it well.
You're about to sign a new contract?
As the president has said, yes. I don't know if it will be sooner or later, but I am relaxed about it because I know [the president] will stick to his word and we hope it will happen as soon as possible.
Finally, you will soon become a father. How will that change your life?
I hope it changes nothing on a football level. Personally, perhaps. Maybe not in the life I have, though. I have a really calm life and I'm at home a lot. But it's true that soon the priority will be [the baby].
One more - are Atletico bigger rivals than Madrid now?
At the moment, you can say Atletico are stronger than Real Madrid. Everyone believes that they will fight for the title. They're getting better all the time, they have really good players and they'll be there until the end of the season.
Mewat's Tawdu block Food Department under the scanner
Sumedha Sharma
Tribune News Service
Gurgaon, December 22
The Food and Supplies Department authorities of Tawdu block in Mewat district have come under scanner as around 72,000 fraudulent Aadhaar cards were detected to be attached with the public distribution system (PDS) hinting at a major scam.
The revelation, which has rattled the entire department, has reached the ministry which has marked an internal inquiry into the matter to identify the officials involved in it. It may be noted that to ensure maximum benefit of various schemes of the department and easy distribution of the ration the Aadhaar cards were linked to the PDS.
The decision, however, backfired in many blocks, including Tawdu, where such fraudulent Aadhaar cards were linked to the PDS system to misuse the ration items.
“The issue has been brought to the notice of all high-ups concerned and we are checking the records to find whether it was just a mistake or an intentional blunder,” said a senior official.
“Tawdu is not the sole case in Mewat. In fact, there are around 13 lakh such fraudulent cards in the entire state but the ministry concerned is sitting quiet. Those eligible are getting the benefit of the scheme and ration meant for them. We want a thorough inquiry and punishment for all those responsible for it, besides a better mechanism to make the system fullproof,” said senior Congress leader Aftab Ahmed.
“We cannot say these are fraudulent linking but we can say wrong Aadhaar card numbers have been put in the system. It may be a clerical mistake or mistake of data entry operators and we are looking into it. All beneficiaries of the block are genuine,” said Surender Saini, Food and Supplies Controller, Mewat.
“Training normal humans to be memory athletes bulks up the brain's memory networks,” said the study's senior author, Michael Greicius, MD, MPH, associate professor of neurology and neurological sciences at Stanford.
The other lead authors of the study are assistant professor of neuroscience Martin Dresler, PhD; postdoctoral scholar Boris Konrad, PhD; and graduate student Nils Muller, all at the Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behavior in the Netherlands.
In 2013, Dresler, who was then a visiting scholar at Stanford, alerted Greicius, an imaging expert, to data Dresler and Konrad had acquired on 23 of the 50 top-scoring memory athletes in an annual contest called the World Memory Championships. (Konrad is a memory athlete.) In these tournaments, contestants compete in timed events in which they must memorize torrents of unrelated words, blizzards of fictional historic dates, lengthy digital series, sequences of playing cards and so forth.
Training normal humans to be memory athletes bulks up the brain's memory networks.
“Why do people engage in such things? Probably, as in any other sport, because they can, and they have fun,” said Dresler. “I admit, that's hard to believe when you see them staring at their digit columns or piles of card decks from morning to evening.”
In one experiment, 17 memory athletes who took a word-memorization test could correctly recall, on average, nearly 71 of 72 words 20 minutes after a timed memorization session. In contrast, a group of control participants, devoid of special memorization skills and without any prior training, averaged about 40 correctly recalled words.
Prior to their memorization tasks, all participants received eight-minute fMRI scans under instructions to simply relax and let their minds wander, so that the scientists could monitor goings-on in a brain network that's most active when a person's brain is at rest. This collection of closely cooperating brain structures, called the resting-state network, has been found to be involved in memory.
In a subsequent analysis of these fMRI scans, the Stanford scientists zeroed in on 71 brain regions previously implicated in memory or in visuospatial processing, a brain function one might expect to be activated during use of the method of loci. They calculated, for each participant, the extent to which activity in any two of these 71 regions — nearly 5,000 pairwise measurements per fMRI scan for each participant — was correlated.
After the initial round of memorization tests, Dresler and Konrad gave fMRI scans and memorization tests to 51 untrained non-athletes, then divided them into three groups. The first group underwent a six-week course of daily online-training sessions in the method of loci. The second group received six weeks of training to improve a different facet of memory called working memory: the ability to juggle several pieces of data in your head at the same time for a short period. The third group got no training at all.
Putting the training to the test
Afterward, the three groups underwent resting-state fMRI scans and then took the 72-word memorization test. Recall was checked at 20 minutes and 24 hours afterward. Four months later they came back for another test session, with a different set of 72 words.
The memorization skills of control participants trained in the method of loci improved dramatically. They could recall almost as many words as the memory athletes could, and they achieved similar results four months after completing training. Not only that, but their resting-state functional connectivity patterns now more closely resembled those of the memory athletes than they had been prior to training.
No such memory gains and brain-connectivity changes were seen among participants who received working-memory training or no training at all.
“The degree to which someone's resting-network organization changed to resemble that of the memory athletes' predicted how much that person's memory performance would improve,” Shirer said.
“The strength of functional connectivity within this distributed memory network was correlated with performance outside the scanner,” said Greicius, who is medical director of the Stanford Center for Memory Disorders and a member of Stanford Bio-X and the Stanford Neurosciences Institute. “This suggests that a six- or eight-minute snapshot of a person's functional connectivity has some value in predicting how they perform in the world.”
Investigators from the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich, Germany, also contributed to the study.
Funding for the study was provided by the National Institutes of Health (grant R01NS073498), the Feldman Family Foundation, the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research, the Volkswagen Foundation, and the German Academic Exchange Program.
Stanford's Department of Neurology and Neurological Sciences also supported the work.
Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams speaks on the phone in St Stephens Green, while campaigning for a yes vote in Ireland' same-sex marriage referendum, in Dublin, Ireland May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government has called on Sinn Fein to help ensure the Irish Republican Army is put "firmly out of business" after police in Northern Ireland said the party's former military wing might have been involved in a recent murder.
An end to violence by IRA guerrillas was a central plank of a 1998 peace deal in the British province of Northern Ireland that put Sinn Fein into a power-sharing government with pro-British unionists.
The main unionist party last week threatened to bring down the power-sharing government after police said current or former members of the IRA may have been involved in the shooting dead of a former member earlier this month.
If it leaves, the governance of Northern Ireland would revert to London in what would be a major setback for the peace process.
Irish Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan said on Sunday a solution to the impasse required that Sinn Fein ensure its supporters cooperate with police, rebuild trust and make sure remaining IRA structures are dismantled.
"I believe that normal politics will only be introduced on this island fully if Sinn Fein uses its influence and its exhortations to ensure that the IRA is put firmly out of business," Flanagan told Irish state broadcaster RTE.
The Northern Ireland executive "will only be preserved if all the party leaders, and Sinn Fein in particular, work towards ensuring a level of trust and confidence that appears to be disappearing," he said.
Senior members of Sinn Fein, including politicians who were once members of the IRA, have denied the group still exists and said any ex-members involved with the murder must be prosecuted.
The Irish government is a co-guarantor of the 1998 peace deal that largely ended three decades of conflict between mostly Catholic nationalists, who favored unification with the Republic of Ireland, and Protestant unionists wanting to stay in the United Kingdom.
Sinn Fein members have accused the Irish government of using the crisis to damage Sinn Fein ahead of elections in the Republic of Ireland due next spring, a charge it has denied.
Flanagan said he would hold talks with Britain's secretary of state for Northern Ireland, Theresa Villiers, in the coming days and called for talks between all parties to break the impasse.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
BAGHDAD, March 24 -- A roadside bomb killed four U.S. soldiers on patrol in southern Baghdad late Sunday, the military said in a statement Monday, taking the overall U.S. death toll in the five-year Iraq war to at least 4,000. Earlier, mortar and rocket attacks pounded the Green Zone, the heavily fortified U.S.-Iraqi military and government complex, on a day when more than 60 people were killed in violence across the country.
The Green Zone assault began shortly before 6 a.m., waking U.S. military personnel, then resumed later in the day and continued into the evening. Four people received medical treatment, U.S. Embassy spokesman Philip T. Reeker said. He said he did not know the identities of those injured or their medical status.
No group asserted responsibility, but similar attacks in the past have been tied to Shiite extremist groups.
The fatal attack on the U.S. patrol in Baghdad also injured one soldier, but further details were not available. The U.S. death toll of 4,000 includes eight Defense Department civilians.
The Green Zone shelling and the other attacks across Iraq marked an escalation of violence at the start of the war's sixth year.
In the northern city of Mosul, a suicide attacker detonated an explosives-laden truck after driving through the main gate of an Iraqi army headquarters. The blast killed 15 Iraqi soldiers and wounded 42.
In Baghdad, a car bomb exploded in the western neighborhood of Sholeh at about 2:30 p.m., killing five Iraqi civilians and wounding seven. Gunmen in the southern part of the capital opened fire in a market, killing six civilians and injuring 17 others. Also in southern Baghdad, U.S. forces in helicopters killed 15 gunmen and injured 17, according to Interior Ministry sources.
In central Baghdad, mortar rounds demolished houses, killing two civilians, including a child. At least two people also were killed when mortar shells, apparently aimed at the Green Zone, landed on their houses in the Kamaliya district in the eastern part of the city.
On Baghdad's west side, in the Mansour area, one person was killed in a roadside bombing, Interior Ministry sources said.
In Diyala province, northeast of Baghdad, gunmen in Balad Ruz attacked the convoy of an emergency battalion commander, killing him and three of his bodyguards. Four Iraqi soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in the city. Near Baqubah, also northeast of Baghdad, a battalion commander was fatally shot outside his house. In downtown Baqubah, a gunman killed a policeman and injured two others.
After a lull, violence has escalated in recent days. Shiite leaders on Friday warned followers to expect more bloodshed after a suicide bombing near a Shiite shrine in Karbala on Monday and continued clashes between Iraqi forces and Shiite militias in southern areas of the country.
Also Sunday, the commander of U.S. prisons in Iraq defended the military's incarceration policies as the detainee population has swelled to 23,000, nearly 45 percent higher than a year ago.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull insists the government's position "has not changed". Credit:Alex Ellinghausen "There are reasonable crossbench senators who will know that a majority of people would like a plebiscite, and the plebiscite is the best way to resolve this issue. "I think that negotiation can't happen unless we put it together and I would urge the crossbench to look at it again." The Senate rejected enabling legislation for a plebiscite in November last year. It was blocked by Labor, the Greens, the Nick Xenophon Team and Derryn Hinch. Another conservative minister earlier said the government should be targeting "malleable" senators for a second attempt to pass the plebiscite, arguing Attorney-General George Brandis didn't try hard enough the first time.
Assistant Immigration Minister Alex Hawke has the power to take away a council's right to hold citizenship ceremonies. Credit:AAP "Xenophon's a bit of a weathervane on this," the minister said. "We didn't try hard enough to get him. They went through the motions [because] George [Brandis] and Malcolm [Turnbull] don't want the plebiscite." Liberal MP Craig Kelly also told the ABC the "best way" forward was to prosecute the plebiscite again and "put pressure on the Senate". Not for turning: Senate kingmakers Nick Xenophon (centre), with senators Skye Kakoschke-Moore and Stirling Griff. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen But Senator Xenophon, asked if he could change his mind and support a plebiscite, emphatically said: "No."
Senator Hinch also said he would not budge. "This man is not for changing ... I'll vote it down again," he told Fairfax Media. Conservatives are responding to a renewed push by moderate Liberal MPs, including several gay MPs, to bring the issue to a head and allow a conscience vote on a private members' bill from Liberal senator Dean Smith. Those MPs have indicated they would consider crossing the floor to suspend standing orders and bring on a vote if the Liberal party room does not agree to dump the plebiscite and accept a conscience vote. The Prime Minister tried to hose down the excitement on Tuesday, stressing the government's position was "very, very clear and it has not changed". "We made a commitment to give every Australian a say on this issue, and that is our policy - it has not changed," he said.
Mr Turnbull also castigated journalists for their "enormous interest" in same-sex marriage compared to the government's youth internships program, which was supposed to be the subject of his press conference. As the Coalition prepares for a showdown on same-sex marriage when Parliament returns next week, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann said the government was examining alternative ways of proceeding with the failed plebiscite. Senator Cormann, along with Immigration Minister Peter Dutton, is a senior conservative member of the government known to favour the postal plebiscite option. "We're now exploring other ways to keep faith with the Australian people," he told ABC radio on Tuesday. "Let's just wait and see. The commitment [to a plebiscite] hasn't expired." Mr Hawke said a postal vote was "not the first preference" but was "another option for resolving this issue that fits the government's election commitment".
Other ministers remain unconvinced of the merits of a postal vote, arguing it would be voluntary, illegitimate and potentially vulnerable to legal challenge. Same-sex marriage lobbyists are particularly fearful that a voluntary postal vote would yield a low turnout, particularly among younger voters, and fail. Mr Dutton on Tuesday pleaded with colleagues to restrain themselves until the Liberal party room meets to debate the matter next week. Loading "It needs to be dealt with behind closed doors," he told 5AA radio.
"Now is the time for people, having had their say, frankly to contain their comments until they get back to the party room. That's where the Liberal Party has our best discussions and our best debates."
Last year when I admitted my son in a school, I was both excited and apprehensive about my son's new life. As a toddler he would grab anything and put it in his mouth, which meant I had to be watching him 24×7. But when a child starts going to school, the teacher's attention is limited and diverted, as they have to manage many more crazy children like yours own. As a parent it becomes important to understand what kind of dangers your child can be exposed to in school in terms of Food Safety, health and Hygiene and what are the effective steps you must take to ensure your child remains healthy and bright.
The first and foremost thing a child should be taught at school is to wash hands before eating lunch. Hands are a storehouse of germs and therefore, the hands should be scrubbed vigorously with soap before coming in contact with food or otherwise there are chances your child may fall prey to foodborne diseases. Also the kids must be taught to wash hands after toilet or after touching an animal. Habit must be inculcated to immediately wash hands when a child blows his nose, coughs or sneezes in hand. If a kid fails to do this he may spread the virus and make other fellow schoolmates also sick. The use of tissue papers and sanitizers should be promoted right from the beginning.
The second important factor to be looked into is the food which your child have it in school. Clearly home brought food is the safest bet. The school canteen sold food can never be trusted as it may be contaminated. High standards are to be maintained before preparing food specially for this vulnerable group. Contamination can happen at any stage be is preparation, transportation, serving and even storage. Therefore, it is advisable that home brought food should always be encouraged. But the question arises is the home brought lunch box really safe?
You may take all the pain and pack your child's lunch box for school and if someone tells you that your kid became sick because of the food you had packed for him. That's like the scariest horror story for a parent. But this is not a far fetched hypothetical case. This happens way too frequently.The lunch packed for school may turn bad after 2 hours of packing if the food is not kept in the right temperatures. If the food is kept at room temperature it is in the danger zone – between 4 degree to 60 degree Celsius the growth of bacteria grows many folds during room temperature. Therefore, insulated stainless steel tiffin boxes is recommended which maintains the temperature of the food and keeps it from going bad. The plastic lunch boxes are also under the scan as they are also believed to be unsafe for handling food.
My mother used to wrap the roti in cloth or even aluminium foil and pack it for lunch. But over years the studies have shown how using aluminium foil can affect our life. It causes danger to bones and brains.Also using the same cloth for food can carry germs which contaminates your fresh food. Therefore good quality food wrapping paper must be used to wrap food which helps it from becoming soggy and retains the freshness of food. It also keeps germs at bay.
Some of these small things can go a long way in keeping our kids safe from illness. The wellbeing of your family is in your hands so why not take that extra mile to ensure our kids are safe in school.
Reports claim India will not use DRDO AIP to power Scorpenes
Defense News has reported that the Indian Navy will not be integrating a homegrown air-independent propulsion (AIP) system to its forthcoming DCNS Scorpene conventional submarines.
An official implied to Defense News that the AIP program being undertaken by the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) was impeding the Indian Navy's pursuit for another submarine type – i.e. Project 75(I). However, with the decision to put not commit to this AIP system, New Delhi is expected to float the Project 75(I) tender in the near-term.
Notes & Comments:
Officially verifiable details have not yet been released, but DRDO's fuel-cell AIPs were destined to power the final two (of six) Indian Navy Scorpene submarines. The Indian Navy's apparent disinterest in DRDO's AIP does not mean that the need for an AIP submarine has necessarily diminished.
While India is working to make strides in nuclear-propulsion, which would enable for long-endurance (as well as high-speed) sub-surface operations, conventional AIP – especially fuel-cells – imbue submarines with low levels of acoustic detectability. Mature AIP solutions are also generally more affordable and less complex to integrate and operate.
The implication from the Defense News piece is that the DRDO AIP program was a reason why New Delhi did not formally push the Project 75(I) towards prospective vendors. With that reportedly changing, it is possible that India could make a play for foreign AIP technology – or at least developmental assistance in AIP technology – from the winning vendor(s).
Tesla appears to be a little upset about how the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (a.k.a. the IIHS) rated the carmaker's Model S. According to the IIHS, the Model S rated as "Acceptable" in the small overlap crash test. This prevents the Model S from being awarded the Top Crash Test Rating, as the vehicle needs to be rated as "Good" on all five tests to score that ranking.
The Model S joins the Ford Taurus and Chevrolet Impala in receiving the "Acceptable" rating in the test, while the Lincoln Continental, Mercedes-Benz E-Class, and Toyota Avalon walk away (or rather, rolled away) with an IIHS rating of "Good."
Rather than going back to the drawing board to improve the Model S's design, Tesla quickly responded saying IIHS has "motivation that suits their own subjective purposes." Tesla then continued on saying the most accurate crash test is done by the NHTSA which also happens to be where Tesla has done the best with its Model S (in 2013) and Model X. Still, IIHS wasn't bashing Tesla in the least as they rated the Model S as "Good" in the moderate overlap front, side, roof strength and head restraint & seats test.
It's also worth noting, the Tesla Model X did very well in the same crash test—and Tesla was quick to brag about that vehicle's IIHS safety rating.
A student is claiming that he was suspended from his class at Rollins College after contradicting his Muslim professor over anti-Christian theories.
“Twenty-year-old Marshall Polston, a sophomore at the private, Florida-based four-year college, said that the professor of his Middle Eastern Humanities class also told students that Jesus' disciples did not believe he was God,” reports The College Fix.
Polston mainly took issue with Professor Areej Zufari's allegation that Christ's crucifixion, the seminal moment in Christianity, never occurred.
As a devout Christian, Polston has traveled the Middle East extensively, educating himself about other religions that have flourished in the region in the days since Christ wore his crown and thorns and carried the cross through the dusty pathways of ancient Judea.
The young student says that his confrontational encounter with his Muslim professor made him recall some research he conducted about the obstinacy of radical Islamists.
“Honestly, it reminded me of some of the more radical groups I researched when abroad,” Polston stated. “Whether religious or not, I believe even those with limited knowledge of Christianity can agree that according to the text, Jesus was crucified and his followers did believe he was divine… that he was God. Regardless, to assert the contrary as academic fact is not supported by the evidence.”
According to Polston, the Muslim professor began acting out in retribution after she was challenged about the historical accounts of Jesus.
The student received a low-grade of 52% on a major essay shortly after the fateful encounter.
Doubling-down on her dogmatic teaching-style, Zufari then led a discussion about the applications of Islamic Sharia Law.
During the discussion, one male Muslim student in the classroom even went so far as to argue that adulterers and homosexuals should have their heads chopped off.
“I spoke out to the professor about the grade and subsequently the decapitation comments made by the student,” Polston told The College Fix. “The statement by the conservative Muslim student met such fear by some that one of the students reported it to the FBI. Later, I was reported by the professor to the dean of campus safety. The situation was surreal. We've already had one too many attacks in Orlando and as an avid traveler I realized this was the perfect example of ‘see something, say something.'”
When Polston was suspended on March 24, he received a letter that read, in part, “actions have constituted a threat of disruption within the operations of the College and jeopardize the safety and well-being of members of the College community and yourself.”
The college, however, claims that Polston violated the terms of his suspension by standing near a window outside of Zufari's class.
“Campus safety was immediately notified and responded at 19:36 hours. A search was conducted but Mr. Polston was not found,” said the college. “Ms. Zufari's students were upset and did not feel comfortable being in the class. Ms. Zufari dismissed her class early at 20:07 hours.”
Polston adamantly refutes these allegations.
All four finalists vying to become the next president of the University of Montana have now wrapped up their campus visits. U.M.'s search for a new president started over a year ago when Royce Engstrom stepped down amid declining enrollment numbers. Since then a search committee made up of U.M. faculty, staff, and students and community stakeholders has looked for Engstrom's replacement. Ninety- nine people applied for the job.
Missoulian reporter Keila Szpaller spoke with Montana Public Radio's Edward O'Brien about the search.
EDWARD O'BRIEN: Now I know this is a ridiculous question - they're looking for the smartest brightest most engaging person to lead the University of Montana - but maybe you can narrow that down. What specific qualities do you think they were looking for?
KEILA SZPALLER: One phrase that came up repeatedly was 'inspirational leadership'. They're also looking for someone who can be strategic at this time. The challenges at the University of Montana aren't just enrollment or budget. This person also needs to come in and be able to hire cabinet posts, and the person needs to increase trust between the administration and faculty, and boost morale.
EO: When I first saw the list, when it came out a few weeks ago, I thought it was a particularly interesting group of finalists. I don't know if you would agree, but how would you characterize them?
KS: Yes, I agree and I would call them a variety pack. I think there's a sitting president, there's a former president and banker. There's a provost who has a background in hospitality and comes from university with 35,000 students, and then there's a wildcard candidate who has a background in military and at (General Electric).
EO: Do you think these are all the same kind of candidates who would have been considered 10, 15, 20 years ago, or are these people, are they curated right now for this very unique time in U.M.'s history?
KS: I think that it's a unique time in higher education, not just at the University of Montana. And I think that list of finalists reflects those changing times.
EO: You say this is a unique time in higher education even outside the realm of the University of Montana. What does that mean?
KS: Universities and other places are looking at how to increase enrollment. A lot of universities are trying to figure out how to deal with international students. They want them. That's getting harder now. A lot of them are facing budget struggles. Maybe not as severe as the University of Montana has, but financial constraints all the same. And more recently too I think we've seen some studies that show that the public faith in different institutions including institutions of higher education is maybe faltering a little bit.
EO: Well, it has been a very busy week at the University of Montana, with these presidential finalists coming in and out. Let's take these in chronological order: started last week with Mirta Martin. And I've been incorrectly pronouncing it: it is Martín. A banker, former president of Fort Hays State University in Kansas, an institution with, I believe its enrollment is roughly 15,000. Your lead sentence in your story about her visit reads this way: Mirta Martin said she believes it's time to stop cutting to try to solve the University of Montana's budget problems. What do you think she meant by that?
KS: She talked a lot about her background in both banking and academia and she, like the other candidates, saw (that) donors support the University of Montana and want to support the University of Montana. And I think what she wants to do is leverage her banking and higher ed skills together to increase the dollars coming to the campus.
EO: And you also reported she described STEM - the science, technology, engineering and math - as a buzz word, adding that she knows what employers want. Again what do you think she meant by that? What does she believe employers want?
KS: All of the candidates have picked up on faculty desire to support the liberal arts. And she said that employers want the understanding gained from a liberal arts education, and she specifically talked about the ability to analyze information and express ideas.
EO: The next presidential candidate, Andy Feinstein, is currently the provost at San Jose State University. Your report on provost Feinstein mirrored what I had personally heard, that Mr. Feinstein really connected with the people and the crowds he met.
KS: Yes, his background is in hospitality. He considers himself a people person. He had a really easy-going style when he talked with a smaller group of faculty; he made them laugh a couple of times. He didn't start off with a formal presentation; he just took their questions right out of the gate, and they had an informal back-and-forth talk, and he seemed to lift the mood a couple of times, too.
EO: And he also didn't necessarily have always a flattering portrayal, I suppose, of UM, especially when it comes to recruitment.
KS: He said his son attends a 'blue ribbon' high school in California, and there was a college fair held there recently. MSU showed up, and UM wasn't there. He wanted to share that story with the campus here. But when he talked about recruitment, he also had looked at the data. He's a data guy, and he said that recruitment isn't the only priority, that the University of Montana is also losing students, and it needs to retain the students that are heading out before they graduate.
EO: The next candidate to visit the University of Montana, fellow by the name of Seth Bodnar. And I saw him as perhaps I think the most outside-the-box candidate of all of them.
KS: Yes, I think that's exactly right. He's never been a chair or a dean or a provost or a cabinet member at a university. He's taught, but his background is really in the corporate world and in military.
EO: Now, that's raised a question with me. Did you get a sense of how that corporate-military background played or could play on a generally-perceived liberal campus in Montana's most politically liberal town? Is that an asset or a liability?
KS: I think his background in general is an asset and a liability, depending on the crowd. Some students raised eyebrows at the military and corporate background, but he's also, I think, created some buzz in the business community in Missoula. And at least some faculties don't see his outsider status as a liability, either. After the public forum, a couple of faculty members said, hey don't bring us someone at the end of a career; this guy sounds like a breath of fresh air. And he said when he looked at his career, he's really had a record of developing people to their fullest potential. And he said he has done that in the military, he's done that GE. And he wants the chance to do that at the University of Montana.
EO: Right, and the final candidate who visited, just on Monday wrapped up his visit, is Chuck Ambrose, president of the University of Central Missouri.
KS: He talked about being able to decrease, I think by some 20 percent, the amount of student loans. And he talked about holding down tuition at below the rate of inflation. And he talked too about a real singular focus on student success, and being able to raise the bar when it comes to graduation.
EO: He mentioned the importance, I understand, of what he termed sacred cow courses. By that he meant what?
KS: I think what he was talking about was how to spend resources and where you put resources, and he said in Missouri, I think 11 majors account for 40 percent of the enrollment. And you have to put money in those areas because they do drive enrollment. But then there are outliers that maybe have lower enrollment, like music, but are still part of the identity of an institution, and still need financial support.
EO: Did not offer any specifics about what some of those lesser but still very important programs may be at the University of Montana?
KS: He very much did not step in that mine field. He said he would look to people here to identify those programs for him.
EO: Keila Szpaller, Missoulian reporter, thank you so much for coming in.
KS: Thank you.
The search committee meets again Wednesday, September 27. Best-case scenario, Montana's higher education officials hope to name a finalist by mid to late fall.
A local tattoo artist is a guiding hand for mastectomy patients to help get the breasts back that they lost. Combining both her medical interests and her artistic talents, Amy Black is hoping to foster a new movement that replenishes femininity taken away by both cancer and surgery.
Depending on the policies at your place of employ, a picture we used in this article may be considered Not Safe For Work. We think it is amazing/mind-blowing, but ultimately, it is a picture of nipples. –Ed.
— ∮∮∮ —
When Amy Black propositioned a tattoo artist in Columbus, Ohio for an apprenticeship the tattoo artist refused. There was a simple reason: Amy was a woman.
The tattoo artist didn't want to have women in his shop for the better part of a business day. Although one would like to think that such androcentrism is buried deep in the past (both tattooing's and otherwise), Amy says that her time in Columbus in the mid-1990's showed her that tattooing was a “boy's club–still is.” “There are definitely fewer women tattooing.” She estimates that 80% of all tattoo artists are men. But she is not cynical about male tattoo artists having it out for their female counterparts. When I chat with her in her shop, Trademark Tattoo, at 3125 W. Cary Street, she's very hospitable, very friendly, despite her regular sniffling that comes from having either a summer cold or allergies. Her necklaces and earrings and the aviator sunglasses resting in her fine, jet black hair would easily maker her seem a bit intimidating. But she's not. Not in the least.
Being that Richmond is the third most tattooed city in the country, it's not surprising that I would be in tattoo studio in the heart of Carytown, talking with a tattoo artist about tattoos. But she and I are not talking about just any tattoos, we're talking about a specific type of tattooing for a specific type of person. It's rather poetic, I think, when Amy tells me about the one tattoo artist in Ohio who objected to her apprenticeship solely on the grounds of her gender. The reason I say it's poetic, is that Amy now tattoos very unique tattoos on a unique clientele:
Nipple and areola re-pigmentation on women who've had mastectomies.
— ∮∮∮ —
A child of adoption, raised in the Midwest, Amy once considered attending school to become a medical illustrator. Both the expense and duration of completing the proper schooling ultimately dissuaded her. She attended the Columbus College of Art & Design where she did particularly well with anatomy renderings and figure drawings. She also collected her first tattoo. She became frustrated with being in the center of the country, while the vibrant coasts–which seemed to be on the forefront of new artistic aesthetics–flourished on either side of her. “You always feel like you're getting art second-hand,” she says of living in the Midwest. “I never wanted to kill myself to pay rent,” she tells me with, I imagine, a slightly bassier voice than usual because of the congestion in her nose. This quickly eliminated cities like New York and Washington, D.C. One city, however, was growing a reputation for having quality tattoo artists, and a cost of living below surrounding cities. Richmond.
Two well-regarded artists had a significant influence on her artistic career. In 1997, Timothy Hoyer and Chris O'Donnell started Alive Gallery. Envisioned as a smaller tattoo space geared to more customized work with closer one-on-one interaction with clients, Alive fostered more intimate, creative relationships with people. It was here that Amy worked after arriving in Richmond. O'Donnell later moved to New York City, leaving Hoyer and her as Alive's principal owners. In 2005 Hoyer moved and left the shop in Amy's hands.
I notice that she has tattoos of a distinctly Japanese style. I ask her how she became so enamored with the Japanese tattoo aesthetic. As it turns out, she remembers the moment. It was when she came across a photobook that featured Japanese women with intricate and sometimes large tattoos across their sinuous bodies. “I thought it was beautiful and powerful.”
Hoyer and O'Donnell moved away, and Amy took over Alive, rebranding it Trademark Tattoo.
One day she happened upon the portfolio of tattoo artist Vinnie Myers, who in 2003 began applying his skills to recreating, rather creating the two components of the female breast that were destroyed by mastectomy procedures: the nipple and surrounding areola. “He definitely inspired me,” says Amy. The complex levels of coloration required by a strong and meticulous skillset, combined with her existing interest in medical illustration, hooked Amy. She wanted to try her hand at it. The only problem: how does one publicize an interest for specialized tattooing to those who may not be interested in tattooing, at least in the traditional sense–those who have had a bit of both their femininity and identity taken away because of breast cancer?
Once tumors and surrounding breast tissue are removed, a process by which also removes the breast's nipple, plastic surgeons put in a saline breast implant to re-create the shape of the missing breast tissue. Doctors will sometimes rely on skin and tissue from another area of the body (such as the abdomen) to provide the necessary tissue of the re-created breast. This process, however, makes the breast, well…bare , as no nipple or areola are present. This is a disconcerting fact that millions of women have experienced throughout the world. Something that Susan is all too familiar with.
Susan, 53, who married just last Saturday, was diagnosed with cancer in her left breast in 2006. She had a mastectomy, and uses a chilling adjective to describe to me the aftereffects of the procedure on women's bodies: “butchered.” Although her mastectomy procedure met her doctors' expectations, the resulting reconstructive surgery did not, and she experienced several complications. All told, she had five surgeries in two years. Speaking over the phone from her Outer Banks home, Susan described her left breast once her surgical procedures were completed. “It was blank,” she says. “There was nothing there.”
As part of her treatment at Richmond Plastic Surgeons, she was entitled to a pigmentation procedure that would convey the appearance of the lacking features. There was, however, a problem. They didn't look as realistic as Susan would have liked. What Susan saw in the before-and-after pictures of previous clients was a blank breast turned into one that had a “little pink circle.” She told Richmond Plastic Surgeons, “I want something that looks real.” They couldn't, in Susan's opinion–what they could provide was “more of a reminder of what was missing.” She had rather had kept her left breast bare than cover it with what she saw as being an inadequate remedy. She sought someone else.
Eventually she found a tattoo artist in Maryland named Vinnie Myers, the same Vinnie Myers whose tattoo work Amy Black had been looking at recently. Although amazed at Myers's talent, Susan had two reservations about setting up an appointment with him: the distance between Richmond and Maryland, and the fact that Vinnie Myers was a man. While the latter point was by no means a dealbreaker, Susan preferred that the artist be a woman, someone who could better understand, someone with whom Susan could be “more comfortable.” She began calling tattoo shops around the city asking for someone who could do work similar to that of what she saw online. She couldn't find anyone who was suitable. Undeterred, she came across a phone number to a shop named Trademark Tattoo. She placed a call.
Amy Black picked up the phone.
The two met in the winter of 2010, likely at the same consultation desk where Amy and I chat in her studio where an older model iMac sits along with various papers related to both art and her business. To Susan's left would have been a folded massage table outstretched, just as there is when I talk with Amy. Curtains aesthetically warm the midday sunlight, creating a space that seems more geared toward meditative reading than tattooing. But this is how Amy wants it. Whether working with someone on a traditional Japanese style tattoo or with someone like Susan, Amy's studio differs from the conceptions that come to people's mind when they think of a tattoo artist.
Susan told Amy about her displeasure with the plastic surgery center's re-pigmentation abilities, and in turn Amy told Susan about how she thought she could do better. Susan had found her woman at last.
“She started slowly,” says Susan about how Amy proceeded. Unlike women who have had both breasts removed, and thereby are able to create nipple hues of virtually any color without continuity restraints, Susan's right breast remained unchanged, and any work on her reconstructed, left breast would require colors that matched her right breast. Amy began with lighter shades, allowed weeks for the pigment to settle and heal, and then would gradually darken the new nipple until it best matched the existing one. Susan says it took about three sessions for Amy to complete the process.
“It looks absolutely real,” says Susan. Despite having had the procedure done for over six months, she speaks with an infectious enthusiasm that causes me, hundreds of miles away, to smile along with her. Amy is gratified by the reaction she saw of Wheeler when she looked at herself after the last session. “I saw all this stress,” says Amy “…just finally fall off of [Susan].”
“It made me feel whole again,” says the 53 year-old cancer survivor. “Made me feel normal in a way that I haven't in five years. It's incredible.”
Doctors at Richmond Plastic Surgeons were so impressed by Amy's work, that they have hired her to work out of their facility once a month with their own patients, partnership that Amy says has been “fabulous.” Amy's second visit will be later this month (similarly, Vinnie Myers now provides reconstructive tattooing for the Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery Department of Johns Hopkins Hospital).
In addition to working with the local plastic surgeons group, Amy also provides the service at her shop. Amy, who, in 2011, was named the best tattoo artist by Style Weekly readers, is working on an official website, as well as merchandise that she plans to sell to create a fund that will assist women in paying for the service when insurance will not cover it. To help, Susan will make jewelry, with proceeds going to either the Susan G. Komen foundation or the forthcoming fund that Amy creates). “It's more about these ladies than it is about me,” says the tattoo artist.
Both Amy and Susan hope that more people become aware of the nipple re-pigmentation process, a service that they both think is too little discussed. While showing reverence for the tattoo artists that came before her, Amy thinks that a successful re-pigmentation was not possible many years ago, because of yet-advanced artistic skill levels and the lack of large palette of pigment colors from which artists could choose. That and the notable absence of women tattoo artists to provide breast cancer survivors with an understanding that only a female relationship could imbue.
“I'm so excited for Amy,” says Susan. “And for women.”
Angry unemployed children, AKA Antifa, held another Trump protest today in Berkeley, CA. It's Trump's fault of course that they took out 6 figure student loans and haven't been approached by numerous employers to put those English majors to work.
Unlike the UC Berkeley riots which shut down a Milo Yiannopoulos speech, several Trump supporters showed up today to counter-protest the Antifa idiots – resulting in civil discourse.
Just kidding, an elderly Trump supporter and a homeless advocate were attacked:
Elderly Trump supporter pepper sprayed by Antifa girl at a Berkeley rally. Girl runs away like a coward. #Berkeley #Antifa 😡 pic.twitter.com/TWjPjiArWR — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) March 5, 2017
Berkeley Antifa throwing eggs at Trump supporter holding up "House the Homeless" sign. #Berkeley #Antifa pic.twitter.com/w4PpyUo3XM — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) March 5, 2017
Note the same guy in a green hat in both videos. Some have suggested he may be a paid agitator…
You know, at some point Trump supporters aren't going to keep taking this shit…
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Jim and Pam got married, Ke$ha brushes her teeth with whiskey, and Lady Gaga ponders if we are actually born predisposed to be weird. No matter where you look, we are surrounded by pop culture. Popular culture is a sub-culture that is often mocked and scrutinized as not being meaningful or significant, pop culture is seen as what is considered “cool” at the moment in time, and carries no long-term effects on society or culture as a whole. Emile Durkheim once said “For Sociology really to be a science of things, the generality of phenomena must be taken as the criterion of their normality.” In the same book, He argues for the functions of crime in society, I believe that these functions are the same functions that popular culture has in society. In brief, these functions are to produce social norms, establish social boundaries, create rituals that generate social solidarity, generate innovation, and pave the way for social change. It is important to identify what “pop culture” is identified as, seeing as how it can be used in several different ways. When I refer to pop culture, I mean so in the commercial culture sense. Commercial culture produces a product in order to generate a profit.
Allow us first to examine the way popular culture produces social norms. In the book The Dominant Ideology Thesis, the authors argue that mass media is the key by which ideas of the dominant class is spread to the rest of society. I believe this view is crucial to understanding how popular culture produces social norms. For example, let's use what we wear as a way to show how social norms are produce. The fashion industry tells us what to wear in magazines and advertisements, these norms are reinforced over and over again by television, actors, film, musicians, and celebrities who embrace the fashion trends. Stores begin to only sell a certain type of clothing, and it becomes increasingly more difficult to not conform to the fashion norm. Popular culture is not limited only to the fashion world in terms of the norms it produces, it is impossible to go through a checkout at the store and not be bombarded by magazines that share what type of sexual practices are not acceptable, what type of music is on the rise, and even what type of foods we should eat. Even children are being conditioned to behave a certain way thanks to programming such as Sesame Street and Barney.
In addition to producing social norms, popular culture also helps us establish social boundaries. The music we listen to, along with the clothes we wear and the television we watch not only helps to shape our identities but also helps us find those people more like ourselves. It is because of the rise in popular culture that we are able to embrace certain musical tastes and reject others, allowing us to find others who share the same likes and dislikes as ourselves. People who listen to Metallica probably don't have much in common with those people who listen to Miley Cyrus. Pop culture offers us a unique system to identify those who are like us, this is seen more obviously in the pornography business. The internet has normalized amateur pornography to the point where there is an unjustifiable amount of naked people on the internet, most of whom clearly (and I mean clearly!) do so for non-profit.
Perhaps the easiest aspect of popular culture to observe is the rituals that it creates. Teenagers are brought together through dance clubs, college students come together to view television events, comic book fans wait in line hours to see a new movie. All these rituals produce feelings of belonging, bonding with members of society over a common interest. The super bowl for example is a multibillion dollar affair because of the fact that millions of people from all demographics will sit down and watch the game for three hours. Going to a concert gives you a since of social solidarity, singing along to a song in unison with fifteen-thousand other people creates close social bonds… even if you hardly know anyone else at the concert. They share a sense of meaning in their identity; this shared meaning is the basis of group solidarity. According to Durkheim, it is solidarity that is the basic building block of social cohesion.
Popular Culture has also helped to generate innovations that have no only progressed itself, but all culture. Obviously the most important area that popular culture has helped progress is clearly the internet. The World Wide Web has progressed and is driven by what could be considered the largest are of pop culture, pornography. I suspect that pornography hasn't exactly helped the advancement of civilization, but it has helped the advancement of technology greatly. The development of broadband internet, streaming videos online, high definition quality pictures, all came to be as a result of the pornography business. Of course innovation isn't held strictly by the adult entertainment business; another huge industry spurred by pop culture is the music industry, specifically the way we listen and buy music. Before 1999, and the invention of Napster, the internet was not a medium that many in the music industry embraced… and it wasn't until Napster exploited the lack of regulation over the internet that big music corporations saw the advantages of using the internet as a means to spread their product to a whole new audience. Before, the customer had to venture to a record store and sort through hundreds of albums in order to find a new type of music or band to listen too, now it can be accomplished with a quick Google search. The film industry has also been touched by the advancement that pop culture has allowed. With companies such as Netflix set up to combine movies with the internet, and the invention of the DVD, thousands of films are at our disposal and all with crystal clear clarity.
Arguably the most important function that popular culture serves in our society is that it paves the road to social change, numerous times it is actually the driving force behind social change. This can be seen all the way back to 1906 when Upton Sinclair's book The Jungle helped lead to a revolution of the food industry in America. We can see this clearly most recently with the sudden involvement of celebrities who got involved in the 2008 presidential election, primarily in Barack Obama's campaign. Robert DeNiro, Oprah Winfrey, Usher, Chris Rock, Scarlett Johansson, Ron Howard, Magic Johnson, and John Mayer are just a few of the actors/athletes/comedians/musicians that are linked with Obama. It is no surprise that Obama won the 2008 presidential election in a landslide. Companies have long known the effect that celebrities have on America and have used them to push products. We are seeing this again with the involvement of such celebrities as Lady Gaga in the Gay Rights movement. Rap music is a great example of a group inside of pop culture which constantly challenges the social norms and the power structure of the white majority.
It is clear that popular culture serves many functions in society, many of which are shared by crime. These functions include producing social norms, establishing social boundaries, creating rituals that generate social solidarity, generating innovation, and paving the way for social change. We cannot simply push pop culture off to the side as low-brow culture and has no significance.
PACs say Stockman campaign cashed checks it never reported to FEC Share This:
Steve Stockman file photo. Photo credit: Wikimedia Commons.
When Sunlight reported Jan. 7 on at least $16,000 in missing contributions from political action committees to the Friends of Congressman Steve Stockman committee, a spokesperson for the congressman said that only one of the donations in question had ever been received by the treasurer. Since then, however, representatives from two of the PACs behind the missing contributions have confirmed not only that they made the donations, but that that the checks given to the congressman's campaign were deposited.
Nine political action committees reported contributions to the Stockman campaign that have not shown up in the campaign committee's financial disclosures. Federal regulations stipulate that a political committee's treasurer must make sure all campaign contributions are “deposited in the designated campaign depository… within ten days of receipt.” Yet many of these contributions have gone unreported by the Stockman camp for months. In an e-mail to Sunlight, Stockman's spokesman Donny Ferguson — who also worked on the campaign — denied that Friends of Congressman Steve Stockman had received any of the contributions mentioned in the story (aside from $1,000 from the Washington State Republican Party which was deposited one year after its receipt according to Ferguson): “As far as I know those checks were never received by the treasurer and deposited.” This contradicts statements from two of the PACs behind these contributions.
A spokesperson for the Credit Union National Association's PAC confirmed to the Credit Union Times that the organization had given $1,000 to the Stockman campaign and that the check cleared on Aug. 7 last year, nine days after the PAC reported making the contribution. In an interview with Sunlight, a representative of the Government is Not God PAC confirmed the donation of $500 check that was hand-delivered last year at a Washington fundraiser for the congressman sponsored by the Conservative Victory Fund. Spokeswoman Shannan Burke told Sunlight the check cleared on March 25 — six days after the check was issued.
Requests for comment sent to Ferguson, the Stockman for Senate Committee and the treasurer of the Friends of Congressman Steve Stockman Committee were not immediately returned. The East Texas congressman has foregone the chance to run for reelection to his House seat, amid questions over his personal and campaign finances. The Republican instead is mounting a primary challenge to incumbent Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas.
Orange County commissioners will wade into the debate over gay marriage this week.
Gay-rights activists are hoping the commission will sign a friend-of-the-court, or "amicus,'' brief supporting several pending lawsuits that seek to overturn Florida's ban on gay marriage. On Tuesday, commissioners will discuss whether to do just that.
Signing on to the brief would have powerful symbolism, said Mary Meeks, an Orlando attorney who's helping represent six gay couples in a Miami-Dade lawsuit. She said the issue has new urgency after the U.S. Supreme Court last week declined to hear five states' challenges to same-sex marriage.
"We are going to have to win this fight right here in the Florida courts," Meeks said. "We need every voice we can have speaking up for marriage equality, and the government of Orange County would be such a huge voice speaking up for us.
"Neither [Attorney General] Pam Bondi nor anyone else can stand on the sidelines and say 'Let's wait for the Supreme Court to resolve this,' because they just told us they're not going to do it," Meeks added.
The brief already has been signed by Orlando leaders. Democratic-leaning Broward and Alachua counties have signed on, as have cities including Tampa, St. Petersburg and Miami Beach. Meeks said it will be submitted to the courts hearing gay-marriage cases in Florida next month.
A majority of Orange commissioners, and Mayor Teresa Jacobs, have made public expressions of support for gay marriage. But whether any of the board's six Republicans will publicly oppose Bondi and Gov. Rick Scott by voting to sign the brief remains to be seen.
Outgoing Commissioner Tiffany Moore Russell, a Democrat who's running for clerk of courts, filed a memo asking that the board discuss signing the brief at its Tuesday meeting.
"As pointed out in the amicus brief, the marriage ban is not only detrimental to our citizens' financial, legal, and psychological health and welfare, it delegitimizes Orange County as a governing body for a hundred thousand of its citizens," Moore Russell wrote.
Moore Russell, whose district includes the International Drive corridor, added that legalizing same-sex marriage would be a boon to the local tourism industry.
"[L]egalizing same-sex marriage positively impacts those tourism regions which permit same-sex marriage by attracting gay couples from other states and countries where it is not legal," Moore Russell wrote. "Allowing these couples to marry provides businesses in the tourism industry with a large and new market to access. Financial analysts show nearly $260 million was injected into the New York City economy in the year following the legalization of same-sex marriage."
Jacobs noted her recent public statement supporting gay marriage but declined to commit about signing the brief.
"I was pleased to share my personal opinion recently, however, local government still has no jurisdiction over this matter," she said in a statement. "We're scheduled to have a conversation regarding the amicus brief at Tuesday's board meeting. I look forward to this discussion."
Meeks said five of the six county constitutional officers — Comptroller Martha Haynie, Tax Collector Scott Randolph, Property Appraiser Rick Singh, Supervisor of Elections Bill Cowles and Sheriff Jerry Demings — are expected to sign a letter of support that will be presented to commissioners Tuesday.
Haynie and Randolph are expected to speak before the commission in favor of signing on to the brief.
dbreen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5189
Merhi took part in 13 F1 races with Marussia in the 2015 season, and then participated in the FIA World Endurance Championship's LMP2 class with Manor a year later.
Campos revealed earlier this year that it planned to field Merhi in Formula 2, and the Spaniard took part in the first pre-season test in Barcelona.
However, he was replaced by the team's GP3 driver Raoul Hyman for the second test, and Campos signed ex-GP2 and IndyCar driver Stefano Coletti for the season-opening Bahrain round.
The Monegasque driver was 16th and 15th in the two Bahrain races and looked set to continue in Barcelona, with the team releasing a preview that named Ralph Boschung and Coletti as its drivers.
However, Merhi confirmed to Motorsport.com late on Wednesday that he will replace Coletti for Barcelona, and stating he could continue in Monaco.
Merhi will therefore make his debut in the championship in Barcelona, as the 26-year-old Spaniard never raced in GP2 in the past.
A man accused in a north Columbia shooting told police he thought a new state law allowed him to retaliate with violence.
Karl O. Henson, 23, is charged with first-degree assault and armed criminal action for allegedly shooting a man who stole a cellphone during a transaction that went awry Monday afternoon. Henson said �the only reason I thought it was OK to shoot at him while he was running away was because of what happened with the new year with the gun law change,� Officer Spirit Stevens wrote in a probable cause statement.
Missouri�s General Assembly in September overrode former Gov. Jay Nixon�s veto of Senate Bill 656, which repealed the requirement that residents have a permit to conceal a firearm in most circumstances and also made the Show-Me State the first in years to adopt a �stand your ground� law. The latter made it legal for a person in fear of danger to use lethal force without making an effort to flee.
Boone County First Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Tracy Gonzalez filed the charges against Henson on Tuesday. He is being held at the Boone County Jail without bond. Gonzalez did not respond to a message seeking comment by press time. Rusty Antel, Henson�s lawyer, declined to comment.
The 20-year-old man Henson is accused of shooting met Henson in the 1500 block of Riva Ridge Court at about 5:15 p.m. Monday to purchase an iPhone 7 from Henson. Henson said the man looked at his phone before he ran off around a duplex with the phone still in hand, Stevens wrote.
Henson chased the man and fired seven shots at him, Stevens wrote. Police looked for the injured man, who was hit in his left heel, but did not find him until a private vehicle took him to University Hospital for treatment.
Henson told Stevens �something along the lines of �the old law, you weren�t allowed to shoot somebody when their back is turned to you,� � according to the probable cause statement.
Stevens found Henson�s gun in his car, two shell casings beside a duplex and an unspent round in the area. Henson later declined to speak with a detective after he was advised of his rights to an attorney and to remain silent.
According to online court records, Henson was fined $400 in November for unlawful use of drug paraphernalia.
This article was first published online on Wednesday, January 25, 2016 at 11:00 a.m.
Within your Webmaster Tools account click ‘Search Traffic' > ‘Search Queries'.
Here you can find a list of search terms that users typed in before visiting your website.
Filter this spreadsheet so it only shows the most important details.
Avg. position of two and above. These are keywords that you appear on page two and above for in the Google SERP.
CTR above 30%. This will give you keywords with a received click through rate above 30%.
As an example from our own Webmaster Tools account we now have the terms:
‘voice biometrics banking'
‘what is catalogue distribution'
These terms are being used by people who click on our website. By addressing these questions in the form of a blog post we're providing answers to questions our potential users have.
You can find a much more detailed post on how to do this here
4) Which audiences are engaging with your digital channels?
Step 1 talked about auditing your digital channels. The next step is to define the type of audience per channel. For instance, your Facebook business page will have an audience different to your blog. Your blog audience is more readily able to view longer detailed posts, whereas your Facebook business page audience would rather see snippets of easily digestible information.
For example, let's say your business has just added a new service to its portfolio.
You should let clients know by creating a blog post which gives a detailed overview of the new service. This is your owned channel so you can be as detailed as you like.
Your earned channel will be your Facebook, Google+ and Twitter feed. The audience here doesn't want to read a detailed post about your new service, so you might want to give a brief overview with a link back to your blog post in case they wish to read more.
You can leverage your paid media channel to amplify your content via a content distribution platform. This could include LinkedIn adverts sending users back to your initial blog post.
5) Align company branding and tone
This is simply the personality of your brand expressed through the written word. It's important that all the messages your company sends out are unified across all methods of communication.
Start by categorising your company's personality in three words.
Registration for the 5v5 Tournament is now closed and the fixture list available here on the tournament site ! If you have a team but it does not appear on the fixture list, please contact Obelisk asap via IRC or Postcount.We would ask those participating to please arrive on time and ready to go around the porter in Camelot atDue to the amount of teams registered, we've decided to go with four groups of 3 teams. With this tournament layout, the top two teams of each group will advance to the knockout stage. The teams in the last place of each group will be eliminated. A team that comes in 1st place in their group will play a team that came in 2nd place in another group in the first round of the knockout stage. Due to the fact we have 11 teams, one group will only have two teams. In this case, both teams will advance. The group stage for them will determine who comes 1st and 2nd in the group.Full details of the groups and fixtures can be found on the postcount forums here . The tournament will be streamed in full on our official Twitch channel
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
OVER the past two years Moira McKamey has had to adjust to a very different way of life. She lost her job in November 2008, one of 8,000 workers fired from an air-freight hub in Wilmington, Ohio. The departure of DHL, a delivery company, was quick and devastating; as if a tornado had ripped through Main Street. A few weeks after Mrs McKamey was sacked she and her husband, Randy, spoke to The Economist in their small farmhouse. Perched on a chair near her Christmas tree, Mrs McKamey could not help but cry.
Since then, despite a burst of fame that has seen them featured on wire-service reports, in newspapers and on television, not much has changed for the McKameys. The Christmas tree is decorated, but Mrs McKamey is trying to prepare for Christmas without spending money. “I'm the clearance-sale queen,” she jokes. Her husband is scraping together money to pay for his combine, seed and fertiliser. Mrs McKamey is still without a job. “If it hadn't been for his crops,” she says, “we wouldn't have made it.”
Hardship has spread to neighbours, too. In January 2010 Kevin Eakins, who lives down the road, lost his job as a fork-lift operator at an animal-pharmaceuticals firm. A few months earlier Jacki, his wife, had been sacked from her job at a trucking company. “It's been a struggle,” Mrs Eakins sighs. Both of them have searched for jobs for months, to no avail.
Fifteen million Americans are now unemployed, according to the most recent jobs report. The unemployment rate for November inched up to 9.8%. The grimmest numbers, however, are for the long-term unemployed (see chart 1): 6.3m people, 42% of those unemployed, have been jobless for more than 26 weeks. That number does not include 2.5m people who want a job but who have not looked for a month or more, or the 9m who want full-time work but can only find part-time openings.
America, unlike some European countries, is not used to such high numbers. No recent recession has seen so many Americans out of a job for so long. Now, with millions fallen from the ranks of the employed, the federal government has deployed its imperfect safety net to catch them.
The unemployment rate in Clinton County, which contains Wilmington, is 15.8%, the highest in Ohio, itself one of the hardest-hit states. Wilmington has had some successes. The county won control of the air-freight park and may be able to reuse it. A “Buy Local” campaign is keeping some businesses afloat. But without a lot of federal aid, the town would be desolate.
The first and most generous form of help is unemployment insurance. It is usually paid from a state trust fund and lasts only 26 weeks, as long as recipients meet criteria such as continuing to look for work. But Ohio is one of many states whose unemployment fund is empty. Since 2008 the federal government has paid for an extension of benefits, now to 99 weeks in battered states. Last year this helped keep 3.3m Americans out of poverty, according to the Centre on Budget and Policy Priorities, a think-tank. If Congress passes Barack Obama's recent deal with Republicans, workers will go on being eligible for the 99-week maximum payment until the end of next year. But even so, 99 weeks is all anyone can get, and many workers have already reached that limit.
The federal government also provides money for retraining, through grants and programmes such as the 12-year-old Workforce Investment Act. A national emergency grant from the Labour Department is funnelling about $4.5m to Clinton County. This has helped some displaced workers find new jobs as welders, for example, or dental assistants. But training does not always yield a job, and even extended unemployment benefits expire eventually. Mrs McKamey, 51 when she was sacked, decided to retrain for a career in health care. After months of schooling and hard work (“She studied her flash cards constantly,” Mr McKamey says proudly), she became a certified medical assistant. She even got a job, sort of. She had a 90-day trial, but was not hired at the end of it.
These days Mrs McKamey is trying not to be discouraged. But her husband is already raiding his farm account to pay for household expenses. They had health insurance through the COBRA law, which lets a fired worker continue in his or her former health plan for up to 18 months. The federal stimulus subsidised part of the premium. But the McKameys met COBRA's 18-month limit in May. Now they are without insurance. “We hardly get sick at all,” Mrs McKamey says hopefully. “I'm one of those people, I bring hand sanitiser with me everywhere.”
The Eakinses are trying to stay cheerful as well. They trawl the internet for jobs. Some days they drive to nearby towns; if they see a loading dock, they pull in to see whether Mr Eakins might lend a hand. But Mrs Eakins is frustrated that companies seem to have only part-time work. “Drive an hour away, for a minimum-wage job for four or six hours?” she asks. “All you'd be doing is paying for gas.” For now, the Eakinses' unemployment insurance ($224 a week for her, $349 a week for him), is just enough for them to meet their refinanced house and car payments; but in another year at most it will be gone.
Judy Eschmann, director of Clinton County's Department of Job and Family Services, is getting more and more calls from anxious workers. Close to exhausting their unemployment benefits, they worry about what comes next. Ms Eschmann administers the federal programmes supposed to help, including food stamps, Medicaid and cash assistance. Enrolment has already surged (see chart 2). In addition to fielding calls and visitors, Ms Eschmann's staff are venturing outdoors to tell residents about the aid available. Many are too proud to visit the office itself.
The programmes available for the poor are at once limited and helpful, meagre and costly. Food stamps, delivered these days in the form of debit cards for groceries, are available for any household whose gross income does not exceed 130% of federal poverty guidelines—for example, $28,668 for a family of four. In normal circumstances an unemployed, able-bodied worker below that level gets food stamps for no more than three months in a three-year period. Thanks to Ohio's high unemployment rate, that limit has been waived until October 2011. In September the average recipient in Ohio got $141 a month for groceries, or $4.70 per day—not much, but more than usual thanks to the stimulus package.
Health care is another big problem. Medicaid provides health insurance for the poor. To qualify, a family of four would have to have a monthly income of no more than $1,654. And Medicaid is available only to specific groups of poor people, such as families with young children and pregnant women. In Ohio, children ineligible for Medicaid may qualify for a state programme. Others, however, are simply seeking care where they can. In Wilmington volunteers staff a free health clinic on Thursday evenings. Patients often begin to queue at 3pm. Denise Kleinhenz, a nurse who helps run the clinic, says that many come after months of neglect. Some have first tried treating themselves with cheap veterinary drugs.
Once a worker has exhausted unemployment benefit, the only form of cash assistance is through Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), the federal programme that replaced welfare in 1996. The recession, however, has been a strain. First, states receive TANF money as block grants from Washington, DC, so the funding does not rise with demand. The stimulus included an emergency boost, but this expired in September and is not being renewed. Second, states have long spent the bulk of their TANF money on programmes that encourage people into work, such as child care. This continued even as work was nowhere to be found. Last year Ohio spent only 25% of its TANF money on cash assistance.
Whereas unemployment benefits are based on a worker's previous wages, TANF payments are much more modest. A family of four in Ohio, for example, gets a mere $536 in cash assistance each month. When Ms Eschmann explains this to applicants, a torrent of questions follows. “Suddenly they start to panic,” she says. “ ‘Who will make up the difference of my rent?' How do I pay my car insurance in order to look for work?' ”
Community groups provide some extra support. In Wilmington a non-profit organisation offers help with heating bills. The homeless shelter has extended its maximum stay to 90 days. Sugartree Ministries, a soup kitchen downtown, got a lovely renovation thanks to a television show that featured Mrs McKamey.
But such services are designed to sustain families through a tough spell, not to support them in the long term. Over time, unemployment begins to breed its own problems. Workers may be discouraged or their skills may decay. Employers may be wary of someone who has been out of the labour force for more than a year. The most desperate may try to qualify for disability payments, an expensive federal programme for those physically unable to work. When the economy recovers at last, many will be left behind.
When I went to college in the 1970's, the Women's Liberation movement was all the buzz. Women's "consciousness raising groups" were growing up everywhere, as women shared with each other their secrets -- and anger -- that they, their mothers and their great, great grandmothers had held tight to their chests for centuries.
Feminists of the time were right about some things,
but wrong about others. On one hand, there's no
underestimating the explosion of formerly unavailable
choices that became ours at last as a consequence
of the Women's Movement. Sisterhood truly meant
something then; we realized that none of us would
succeed in life unless all of us were allowed to. And
it became unequivocally clear that women could think
as well as men, work as well as men, and deserved the
opportunity to do whatever it was that we wanted to do. It's
almost hard to believe that that was still somewhat of
a radical proposition only 40 years ago, but it was.
As with any movement, however -- whether a
person's individual journey or the collective journey of
a culture -- there were sometimes two steps forward
and one step back. While women were powerfully
liberated both externally and internally by
the feminism of the 1970's, we made some serious mistakes as well.
Looking back on it now, it's clear
that in some ways we denigrated the feminine in
the name of feminism. Too often we took liberation
to mean simply that we were free now to behave
just like men. In the name of feminism, we denied
some essential aspects of our authentic selves.
While feminism should have been nothing if not a
celebration of our own unique characteristics, we
insisted that we had no unique characteristics... that
gender differences were hogwash, and a feminine
woman was nothing more than a plaything for men.
Calling a woman "feminine" was practically an insult!
Words like nurturing and maternal weren't viewed
as feminine and therefore feminist; rather, they were
viewed as weak. If men could be tough as nails in
the corporate boardroom, then so could we. If men
could have sex and not get emotionally involved,
then so could we. If men could make business their
bottom line and not factor in the welfare of children
in formulating social and economic policy, then so
could we. Yippee. We were liberated to become their
clones.
The last thing the world needed, of course, was twice
as many paternalistic thinkers as there were before.
But you live and you learn. In the last two or three
decades, a great correction has been underway,
as women of my generation have recognized the
psychic scars left by our self-inflicted wounding of
the feminine self. Too often, having become men, we
then had a harder time with men. And having denied
the importance (even the reality) of our feminine
yearnings, we too often lay havoc to what is for
many women a natural yearning of the heart, born
of millions of years of evolution, to make a home
and raise a family. Choosing to be a "traditional
housewife" was seen as relatively unimportant at that
time: so much less important, say, than having a real
job.
I looked at my own mother -- at her passionate
devotion to husband, children, home and extended
family -- and I thought I could improve on that! I
would go out into the world, you see -- out where the
important things were happening. It took me -- as I
think of took millions of other women, as well -- a few
decades to see how very wrong I was.
In time, I came to understand that spiritual, mythical
and archetypal forces are just as powerful and
influential as are political, cultural and social ones.
Indeed, we overemphasize either category at the
expense of something precious that the other has
to offer. And in a metaphysical sense -- given that
as Einstein said, "time and space are illusions of
consciousness" -- you come to realize that as far as a
difference between being "out in the world" and "being
at home" is concerned, there actually is no difference.
The concept of "out there" or "in here" becomes pretty
meaningless once you realize that everything out
there is simply a reflection of one's consciousness.
If anything, if we tended to the within better, there
wouldn't be so many problems without: if we raised
our children better and tended to our own psyches
more effectively, then we wouldn't have so many
political and social problems to begin with.
I ultimately realized that my mother's very traditional
role was far from meaningless. I now see that is a
woman's God-given role to tend to the home and take
care of the children: it's just that the entire planet is
our home and every child on it is one of our children.
Hell yes, women need to be out in the world if that's
where we feel led to be, but not at the expense of
our spiritual mission. Rather, we're in the world to
fulfill that mission, by proclaiming that the world is our
home and that we're responsible for all of its children.
And that would change the world.
Just as we wouldn't tolerate elements to enter our
home that needlessly endanger our own children,
so we shouldn't tolerate elements in the world that
needlessly endanger anyone's children. Homemaker
and motherhood are not just material conditions that
belong to a few; they are states of consciousness that
belong to any woman who assumes them. Women
should be the keepers of the conscience of the world.
We are keepers of the internal flame -- the light of
humanitarian values and the primacy of love -- and
our greatest power lies in keeping it lit.
Corporate profits should not be our economic
bottom line; the safety and welfare of this planet, our
collective habitat, should be our bottom line. On this,
we should insist. For we are the homemakers of the
world....
Money should not be our societal bottom line; the
welfare of our children should be our bottom line. On
this, we should insist. For we are the mothers of the
world...
Any mother, should she see something dangerous
in her home, would say, "No, not in this house! No
way! Not here!" And as women of the world become
the strong moral force that in our collective state we
are capable of being, then when dangerous elements
born of unrestrained greed and aggression enter the
world, it is we who should lead the cry, "No, not on
this planet! No way! Not here."
A common anthropological characteristic of every
advanced mammalian species that survives and
thrives is the fierce behavior of the adult female of
the species when she senses a threat to her cubs.
From the lioness to the tigress to the mama bear, any
threat to her cubs is met with the fiercest response.
The adult female hyenas even encircle their cubs
while they're feeding, not letting the adult males get
anywhere near the food until the babies have been
fed.
Surely the women of America could do better than the
hyenas.
Imagine if we were to insist -- as with our collective
political and financial power we could insist -- that the
amelioration of unnecessary human suffering become
society's new bottom line. From the 17,000 children
on this planet who starve to death each day to the
millions who lack a basic elementary education, from
the relative complacency of the industrialized nations
to the brutalization of women through the world to
the billion souls among us living as best they can
on less than $1.25 a day, it is the sleeping giant of
a conscious and awakened womanhood that can
provide the only sustainable solution: putting human
civilization back on the track to probable survival by
giving back to it its heart.
Women worked hard, and many at great personal
sacrifice, to provide for the modern Western woman
the extraordinary opportunities and powers that we
now enjoy. While not all our battles for equality have
been won, still enough of them have been won that
our focus should not be solely on getting more power,
but on how to use most effectively the power that we
now have. We have not only the right but also the
moral responsibility to speak out loudly for
our planet and our children, and for the millions
of sisters around the world who cannot speak up
for themselves. Not centuries ago but weeks ago,
a 14-year-old girl in Bangladesh was raped,
then caned as her "punishment," and then died of her
wounds. Let us speak, and act, for her.
The last thing we should do, in honor of International
Women's Day, is to celebrate it in some ultimately
meaningless way. Rather, in honor of our
foremothers, for the sake of our oppressed sisters
around the world, and for the love of all of our children
both born and not yet born, we should wake up now... kick ass now... and change this world before it is too
late.
Companies that help build President Trump's wall along the Mexican border would be banned from doing business with the city under a proposal announced Tuesday by Public Advocate Letitia James.
James, a trustee of the city's largest pension fund, said she would introduce a bill prohibiting the city from signing contracts with firms involved in the wall project.
She's also planning to examine divesting pension funds from the companies.
“Companies have a choice — help build the wall, a monument to racism and xenophobia, or do business in New York City. We won't allow you to do both,” James said at a press conference in Foley Square.
“The same cranes President Trump uses for his wall, cannot simply be turned around to build our schools.”
James' bill wouldn't just include companies directly involved with construction, but also those handling its “maintenance and management.”
Any company partaking in construction “will be subject to massive protests, negative publicity, and possible litigation,” James' office said in a written statement.
Hundreds of companies have expressed an interest in being a part of the Trump wall project.
Eighteen companies, with more than $800 million in past and current contracts with the city, responded to a pre-solicitation notice from the Trump Administration for the “design and build of several prototype wall structures in the vicinity of the United States border with Mexico,” according to the public advocate.
New way to plug leaky heart valve
At age 90, retired Air Force Brig. Gen. Thomas Woods wasn't a candidate for the ordeal of surgery to replace his failing aortic valve — even though he remains pretty spry.
“It had deteriorated to such an extent that they were worried that I might have a heart attack,” Woods said Friday. “It became more essential that I get something done.”
The previous day, Woods and a second patient underwent a less-invasive valve replacement procedure at University Hospital, one just approved by the Food and Drug Administration in November.
Using a similar technique as balloon angioplasty, doctors threaded his new valve through an incision near his groin to his heart, and squeezed it in place alongside the failing valve.
The procedure, known as transcatheter aortic valve replacement, or TAVR, has generated some enthusiasm among doctors and patients because it offers a new option for many deemed too sick or frail to have their chests cracked open.
But it has also raises concerns that healthier patients — and their doctors — may be tempted to seek the less invasive procedure. A consensus statement from several surgical groups released earlier this year urged that patients be selected carefully, and that the open procedure is safer for those who can tolerate it.
“For patients who are good candidates for low-morbidity, low-risk open surgery, the technology today is still better with open surgery,” said Dr. A.J. Carpenter, director of cardiothoracic surgery at the University Health System. “For patients that are very high-risk, then the technology is certainly better with a TAVR.”
Dr. Steven Bailey, chief of cardiology at the University of Texas Health Science Center, who performed the procedures and who helped write the consensus statement, said the need is great.
“Roughly four in every 100 adults over the age of 75 have either severe or critical aortic stenosis,” Bailey said. “Traditionally it wasn't felt they would benefit from therapy. So although there are roughly 50,000 aortic valves (replaced) surgically every year in the United States, there are additionally a large number of individuals who are not offered therapy at all.”
TAVR is not without risk. Even before it's inflated by a balloon, the tube carrying the new valve is thick and can damage blood vessels. And there's an added risk of major stroke. About 5 percent of patients die within 30 days, studies show.
And it's not cheap. A study published in February estimated the cost of the operation, including the procedure, doctor fees and hospitalization, as $78,542, as opposed to the New York Times' estimated cost of about $50,00 for the open procedure. Medicare is still trying to decide whether to pay for it.
But Bailey noted the risk of dying is high for patients who rely only on medicine or even a balloon catheter alone to stretch the faulty valve — 50 percent within two years after symptoms begin.
“Once a patient has symptoms of aortic stenosis, which can include being dizzy, being short of breath, being unable to perform usual activities and having pain in their chest — they live with heart failure and they live miserably,” Carpenter said. “Anything we do to relieve those symptoms is a big benefit.”
10 Best Low Maintenance Dogs
Have no doubt that having a pet is going to take up a lot of your time and will require some changes in your habits. But depending on the breed you choose, you might get some time for yourself every once in a while. We have prepared a list of low maintenance dogs that you should really consider if you only have a limited amount of time at your disposal to take care of the dog. We prepared a list of dogs that require little to no grooming, trimming, or stripping and also analyzed their size, ease of training, exercising needs, how often and how much they shed, and life expectancy.
Pug
Pugs are unexpectedly energetic and loving; before you'll even know it, you'll have yourself a new best friend. But like all brachycephalic breeds (dogs with a wider than longer skull and very small noses), they are prone to developing quite a few respiratory problems throughout their lives.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 14-18 pounds, 10-11 inches Difficult Below average Constant 12-15 years
Pros
While having low exercising needs, they are very playful
Great with children
Ideal for first-time dog owners
Cons
Snoring and a wide range of other nasal sounds (which can also be cute)
Not great for first-time dog owners
Could be considered unattractive by some
Border Collie
The Border Collie is one of the few low maintenance dogs with long coats. You should be prepared to do quite a bit of brushing, but this dog's coat is quite easy to handle compared to other long coat breeds. They are extremely friendly and get very attached to their masters. They are also very playful and easy-going, so hanging out with your collie will be a daily ritual to look forward to. Boarder Collies are the cutest low maintenance medium dogs out there.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 30-45 pounds, 18-23 inches Easy High Moderate 10-14 years
Pros
Very intelligent and quick to learn
Have a long adolescence
Requires brushing
Cons
Can create their own fun activities which might be destructive if not trained
Hard to unlearn bad behaviors they pick up
Very energetic
Chihuahua
This one is a very low maintenance dog because of its incredibly small size and short hair . You can walk it on a leash or just carry it in a dog bag – your Chihuahua will love both options. We recommend the short coat Chihuahua so that you can save time with brushing and grooming. You won't have to invest too much money in food and preventative care precisely because it is so small, which makes them some of the best small low maintenance dogs out there.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 4-6 pounds, 6-9 inches Difficult Low Moderate 14-18 years
Pros
Great for those living in apartments
They learn fast and can get used to a litter box easily
Great for traveling with pets
Cons
Fragile and weaker than most other dog breeds
Not great for families with children, as they tend to bond with just one family member
They can be noisy
Jack Russell Terrier
The Jack Russell Terrier is like a ray of sunshine. It will always be extremely excited to see you and it will enjoy every single moment of playtime. You should, however, be prepared to visit your local vet's office quite often because your Jack Russell will get its nose into trouble on a regular basis. Their good personalities and genuinely happy nature will clearly pay off for all the incidents you might encounter. Jack Russels are the most eager low maintenance dogs out there.
Fun fact: Jack Russell terriers are actually hunting dogs! So whenever you find yourself close to a pond, be prepared to get your clothes wet because they will most likely chase ducks and other birds!
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 13-17 pounds, 12-14 inches Difficult High Constant 13-16 years
Pros
Very affectionate, smart, loyal, and protective
Highly entertaining thanks to their energetic nature
Good guard dogs
Cons
Will kill small animals lie mice, rats, or lizards and probably bring them to you as gifts
Can be noisy and aggressive towards unfamiliar people or dogs
Not ideal for families with children
Dachshund
Dachshunds are excellent companions thanks to their excitement, curious nature, and good personality. These short-legged and long-bodied sweethearts are absolutely lovable! While dog food will not be all that expensive, it is crucial that you make sure that you Dachshund doesn't gain too much weight because they have a predisposition for obesity. You will have to be strong and resist their begging to keep them healthy and happy for a long time. Nevertheless, they are some of the sweetest low maintenance small dogs out there.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 11-32 pounds, 8-9 inches Fairly easy Low Minimal 12-14 years
Pros
Very lovable, cuddly, and adorable
Playful, feisty, and funny
Intelligent and very loyal
Cons
Can be stubborn and overly protective if they do not socialize enough
Need their weight closely monitored
Are fear-biters and barkers
Toy Fox Terrier
Toy fox terriers have a lot to offer, are very energetic, and extremely loyal. As for any small breed, you will have to take your time training them and you will have to be very strict. You need to resist their charms if you want to have a well-mannered dog from there on. Otherwise, it will take on the role of pack leader and it will order you around before you can even realize it. Toy Fox Terriers are some of the most playful low maintenance small dogs out there.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 4-7 pounds, 9-11 inches Difficult Low Moderate 13-14 years
Pros
Very intelligent, quick learners – very easy to litter train
Few genetic health problems, as the breed has been recognized as late as 2003
Good watchdog
Cons
They have an instinct to chase, dig, and flee
Tend to only bond with one family member
Not ideal for families with children
German Shepherd
German shepherds are some of the most reliable canine companions you could ever have. They are very intelligent, obedient and loyal, alert, very confident, and courageous. The breed is medium-large and is also known as Alsatian in Britain and Ireland.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 75-95 pounds, 22-26 inches Easy High Constant and seasonal 10-12 years
Pros
Very protective, are great watchdogs and guard dogs
Intelligent and quick learners
Highly adaptive to their owner
Cons
Some might say they're too needy
Not ideal for apartments
Shedding can get out of hand
Miniature Pinscher
The Miniature Pinscher made this list because it has the character and the energy of a large breed, all in the body of a very small dog. This little guy is extremely perky and curious, which also go well with how naturally intelligent they are. It's safe to say that play time is lots of fun!
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 8-10 pounds, 10-13 inches Easy Low Moderate 12-14 years
Pros
Smart and very easy to train
Loyal
Great with children if trained
Cons
Tend to be stubborn and have selective hearing
Can become overprotective if allowed
Tend to loudly bark
German Shorthaired Pointer
German shorthaired pointers are a versatile breed, very friendly and extremely easy to train. However, they require plenty of exercise as they do have lots of energy, but are low-maintenance as they need very little grooming over the span of their lifetime.
Size Training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 45-70 pounds, 21-25 inches Easy High Moderate 12-14 years
Pros
Very playful and energetic
Very intelligent
They love adventure and the outdoors
Cons
Will struggle if living in an apartment
Can suffer from separation anxiety
Not ideal for sedentary people
Labrador Retriever
Labrador Retrievers are the most adorable low maintenance large dogs out there. They are very loving and loyal, but do need quite a bit of exercise, so you need to have at least an hour to spend with them in the park every day, preferably a backyard too. But their friendly and playful nature gives out so much positive energy that it will make up for having to turn your schedule upside down to prioritize the dog.
Size Ease of training Exercising Needs Shedding Life Expectancy 55-80 pounds, 22-25 inches Easy Regular Moderate and seasonal 10-12 years
Pros
Great for new owners
Great with children
Intelligent
Cons
Fairly active, requires regular exercise
They can heavily shed at times
Can be too friendly towards strangers
Conclusion
We hope our list of the 10 best low maintenance dogs has been helpful to you and that you have a better idea of the best-suited dogs for you. Whichever one you choose, you are going to fall in love with it and you will have a new furry best friend to keep you company! Do you have other breed suggestions for this top? What about other criteria you'd like analyzed?
Times Square is the heart of New York City, and one of the world's foremost tourist attractions. Each day, between 300,000 – 500,000 people walk the streets of Times Square, surrounded by brilliantly illuminated buildings and billboards. That is a grand opportunity for advertisers, one they have been making full use of since the 1900's. The following images serve to preserve the memory of some of the most fabulous advertisements to ever tower above New Yorkers in Times Square.
Times Square at Night, 1930's
This picture shows Times Square as it looked in the 1930's. The Astor Hotel can be seen to the left, the Times Building is straight ahead, and to the right is the Hotel Claridge.
The illuminated figures to the right side are on the Wrigley's Spearmint sign, the largest neon sign in the world at the time.
The Wrigley's Spearmint Sign, 1936
The spectacular Wrigley's Gum Electric Sign was a million dollar investment, and at the time it was constructed it was the largest advertising erected in Times Square. It extends from 44th Street to 45th Street above Times Square, the largest sign of its kind in the world. It contains 70 miles of insulated wire, has 29,608 lamp receptacles and 1,084 feet of Neon tubing. The electrical current used would service a city of ten thousand. The sign was the work of designer and artist Dorothy Shepard.
The International Casino, which housed the sign, was a two story structure constructed in 1936. The building had a theater, stores, and a nightclub. Despite its name, there was no gambling.
Times Square during the day, 1948
This image shows Times Square as it looked in 1948. The International Casino was replaced with a Bond Men's Wear store, and the Wrigley Sign was replaced by an even more spectacular display of advertising, the Bond Sign, featuring a 27 foot cascading waterfall.
Times Square at Night, 1948
This image shows the same view of Times Square in 1948 as it would have looked at night. If you look closely, you can see the movie theater was advertising Orson Welles new movie, The Lady from Shanghai, featuring Rita Hayworth.
Bond Spectacular Waterfall Sign, Times Square, 1948
The Bond Waterfall superseded the Wrigley Sign as the largest in the World, and it was constructed in the same location.
The waterfall was created using 10,000 gallons of water that were pumped over the falls every minute by 23 giant pumps on the roof, with the same water being used over and over. The waterfall was 27 feet high and 132 feet long. The giant statues of a man and woman were more than five stories high, and weighed over six tons each. The black sign reading “News of Broadway and World” was 248 feet long, with letters over six feet high, and provided the moving messages which are still a familiar site in Times Square today.
Bond Spectacular Waterfall Sign at night, 1948
The Bond Sign spanned a full block, from 44th to 45th Street in Times Square. The sign featured 21,500 electric light bulbs, which created over two miles of multi-colored neon. Here you can see how the neon lights lit up the waterfall at night. The building was also home to a Loew's Criterion movie theater and an F.W. Woolworth Co. store.
Times Square during the day, 1956
In October 1954, the famous Bond waterfall sign was replaced with a sign for Pepsi-Cola. The Pepsi-Cola billboard retained the waterfall feature but replaced the two figures with Pepsi bottles, and the digital clock with a Pepsi bottle cap.
Times Square at night, 1956
Times Square at Night. Time Square, “the Cross-roads of the World,” is known across the world as a dazzling spectacle of light and color. Here in the heart of the city lies a great theatrical centre, the home of Broadway, the glamorous great white way. Loew's State Theatre hosted many world premieres over the years, including “The Three Musketeers”, “Ben Hur”, and “The Godfather”.
Times Square by day, 1960's
From the 1960s to the early 1990s, the seediness of the area, especially due to its go-go bars, sex shops, peep shows and adult theaters, became an infamous symbol of the city's decline. As early as 1960, 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenue was described by The New York Times as “the ‘worst' block in town”.
Times Square at night, 1960's
The Kleenex sign seen here was located between 45th and 46th Streets, atop a block of buildings now replaced by the Marriott Marquis Hotel. The Kleenex sign was made of moving neon lights, and the girl named “Little Lulu” skipped across a Kleenex tissue made of more than 25,000 bulbs.
In the 1980s, a commercial building boom began in the western parts of Midtown as part of a long-term development plan developed, and in the 1990's the area began to be cleaned up and redeveloped into the Times Square you see and know today. We'll be creating another article showing actual photographs of the development of Times Square, so be sure to sign up for our mailing list!
Click here to see more pictures of New York.
Share with your friends!
The first Sikh to run for a place on Hamilton's city council has had his billboard defaced with the name ISIS (Islamic State) in black paint.
Photo: Supplied / Facebook
Yugraj Singh Mahil is pictured on the billboard with another candidate, Anna Casey-Cox. Both are first-time candidates in the city's east ward, standing as part of the Community Voice group.
Mr Mahil had a busy day handing out leaflets yesterday and did not find out about the defaced billboard, on the corner of Carrington Ave and Vesty Ave, until RNZ told him last night.
"It's more than insulting," he said. "People mostly change the appearance of the person but tagging such a group is very harsh, very distressful."
Mr Mahil said in his 17 years in Hamilton he had never faced that sort of behaviour. "I think this is due to the turban; that happens sometimes, people get confused, they think only Muslims wear turbans."
However with Hamilton's Sikh temple the first to be established in New Zealand, he said, most people in the area were more aware.
"Sometimes this sort of things, I think teenagers or kids they do it, they don't have enough knowledge about the religions and they don't know the difference."
Fellow candidate Ms Casey-Cox said she found out yesterday when she saw a photo of the billboard on Facebook and within 20 minutes they were able to take the billboard down and clean off the words because the paint was still wet.
She said it was one thing to deface a billboard with something like a moustache, but painting the name of the violent extremist group was sick and ignorant.
"This was a different kind of defacing of a billboard and it was just at a whole different level. And I think it's just somebody who's not even thinking. It's just someone who is relatively ignorant has done it."
She said it was probably a spur-of-the-moment action without much thought behind it.
"I really don't know what the motivation would be other than to incite some concern in the community and get at the Muslim community perhaps."
Ms Casey-Cox hoped the incident leads to greater awareness about religion and culture.
Sikh National Party list MP Kanwaljit Singh Bakshi said ignorance was no excuse and there needed to be greater awareness of the difference between Sikhism and Islam.
"It's totally irrelevant the mentioning of ISIS on the signboard, and it's totally unacceptable and particularly the Sikh community is hurt by this action."
He said Sikhs had been living in Waikato since the late 19th century, and Mr Mahil was a prominent member of the Hamilton community.
This model has recently been shaken by the discovery that some modern humans are closer to extinct hominins: the Neandertals and Denisovans. Within SROOA this is quite unexpected, as these groups were thought to be irrelevant side branches of the human family tree: differential affiliation of some modern humans to them means that they are not.
This has invariably led to an acceptance that SROOA is basically wrong in its purist form, and an alternative form including some assimilation of archaic hominins is moving to become the new default position.
Now, a new paper that works within the SROOA tradition itself finds another surprising piece of evidence that contradicts SROOA. But, first, let's examine what SROOA entails:
A human group (Proto-Eurasians) moved Out of Africa, starting to become differentiated from Africans At a later time, different Proto-Eurasian groups became effectively separated by geography and started diverging from each other, eventually evolving to become Europeans, East Asians, Australian Aborigines, etc. Under this model, different Eurasian groups are expected to have exactly the same position vis a vis Africans, once drift is accounted for. Each population's divergence from Africans can be analyzed into two components, e.g., an African-Proto-Eurasian one, and a Proto-Eurasian-Chinese one. The genetic drift (away from Africans) in the first part is the same for all non-African populations (e.g., Chinese or Tuscans), while in the latter it is dependent on population history. The new paper shows why this model is wrong: Europeans are closer to Africans than East Asians are. This is totally unexpected under SROOA, as Europeans are expected to be as distant from Africans as any other Eurasian group (once drift is accounted for). The new paper shows why this model is wrong:. This is totally unexpected under SROOA, as Europeans are expected to be as distant from Africans as any other Eurasian group (once drift is accounted for).
I had noticed this phenomenon in my experiments for quite some time, and highlighted the possibility that haplogroup E1b1b, which is shared by West Eurasians and Africans may have something to do with it.
If autosomally African-like populations moved out of Africa carrying these Y-chromosomes, then we would expect only E1b1b-bearing populations to be shifted towards Africans relative to the Chinese. The authors rightly reject this idea because they discover that all European populations, including a wide variety of North European ones, where haplogroup E is non-existent, are closer to Africans than the Chinese are.
So, we are left with a bit of a problem:
There is clearly something "common" between West Eurasians (even North Europeans) and Sub-Saharan Africans that is not shared by East Asians, a factor X which brings them closer to each other than would be expected by the SROOA
The best candidate of this "common" element (Y-haplogroup E) does not have the expected distribution. The problem can be solved in either of two ways. I have argued for both of them at some time or another, so it would be a good idea for a paper to come out and consider how one could be preferred over the other. The problem can be solved in either of two ways. I have argued for both of them at some time or another, so it would be a good idea for a paper to come out and consider how one could be preferred over the other.
Solution #1: West Eurasian Back-Migration into Africa
The first solution is based on the idea that there has been a major episode of back-migration into Africa that is not captured by the standard model. Clearly, this cannot have been a recent event, as Sub-Saharan Africans largely lack (except in the North and East) certifiably West Eurasian derived markers. But, the event need not have been particularly recent: as long as it occurred after West Eurasians began to diverge from East Asians it would have established the genetic closeness observed by the authors.
I believe that the best signal of such a potential back-migration involves haplogroup E. This is the dominant patrilineage of black Africans by far, and almost certainly had an African (and probably an east African) origin. However, its sister haplogroup D occurs as a relic in Asia, among people such as Tibetans, Ainu, or Andaman Islanders. Where did the ancestral clade DE develop? If I was a betting man, I would say that somewhere between the Indian Ocean (where the Andamanese live), and East Africa.
An early movement of DE-bearing men from Arabia into East Africa would serve to bring a West Eurasian autosomal component into Africa. That component would then evolve into E in East Africa itself, and go on to (almost) completely replace pre-existing African Y-chromosomes, leaving haplogroups A and B at high frequencies in a few relic African hunter-gatherer populations.
From the Eurasian perspective, the problem would evaporate: West Eurasians' autosomal shift to Africans is not correlated with haplogroup E frequencies, because the latter was not initially associated with a Sub-Saharan-like autosomal gene pool.
Solution #2: Archaic admixture in East Asians
A second potential solution would interpret African-West Eurasian closeness not as evidence of a common population element in West Eurasians and Africans, but as a consequence of a population element in East Asians that both West Eurasians and Africans lack.
The obvious candidate for such an element involves archaic admixture in East Asians. This is no longer an exotic possibility, given the evidence for such admixture that the sequencing of the Neandertal and Denisovan genome has produced.
Under this scenario, Europeans and East Asians are genetically close because of their common Proto-Eurasian ancestry, and they both shared an initial same distance to Africans, but East Asians diverged from both West Eurasian and African populations by admixing with archaic humans they encountered in the East.
A test of solution #1
Suppose that solution #1 is correct. Consider also that:
West Eurasians are shifted relative to East Eurasians by x% to San Bushmen (who have some of the highest frequencies of non-E chromosomes), and are expected to be least affected by any sort of West Eurasian->Africa back-migration. C
West Eurasians are shifted relative to East Eurasians by y% to Yoruba (who have extremely high E-haplogroup frequencies), and are expected to be more affected by West-Eurasian->Africa back-migration than the San are. If y is larger than x, then the prediction of the theory is supported.
It is not clear to me whether East Asian archaics/West Eurasian back-migration into Africa, or a combination of these factors may account for the observed phenomenon. I should point out a second Out-of-Africa expansion into West Eurasia (the authors' preferred model) is also not out of the question, but this cannot be easily tied to a particular event in prehistory or uniparental marker.
The study of human origins has just gotten even more interesting...
Genome Research
Human population dispersal “Out of Africa” estimated from linkage disequilibrium and allele frequencies of SNPs
The(SROOA) model has been the "default position" in the scientific community for a long time, and it has found its way to popular consciousness by a number of TV documentaries and magazine articles.doi:10.1101/gr.119636.110Brian P. McEvoy et al.Genetic and fossil evidence supports a single, recent (less than 200,000 yr) origin of modern Homo sapiens in Africa, followed by later population divergence and dispersal across the globe (the “Out of Africa” model). However, there is less agreement on the exact nature of this migration event and dispersal of populations relative to one another. We use the empirically observed genetic correlation structure (or linkage disequilibrium) between 242,000 genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 17 global populations to reconstruct two key parameters of human evolution: effective population size (Ne) and population divergence times (T). A linkage disequilibrium (LD)–based approach allows changes in human population size to be traced over time and reveals a substantial reduction in Ne accompanying the “Out of Africa” exodus as well as the dramatic re-expansion of non-Africans as they spread across the globe. Secondly, two parallel estimates of population divergence times provide clear evidence of population dispersal patterns “Out of Africa” and subsequent dispersal of proto-European and proto-East Asian populations. Estimates of divergence times between European–African and East Asian–African populations are inconsistent with its simplest manifestation: a single dispersal from the continent followed by a split into Western and Eastern Eurasian branches. Rather, population divergence times are consistent with substantial ancient gene flow to the proto-European population after its divergence with proto-East Asians, suggesting distinct, early dispersals of modern H. sapiens from Africa. We use simulated genetic polymorphism data to demonstrate the validity of our conclusions against alternative population demographic scenarios.
The 2017 NFL Draft is massively important for the Tennessee Titans, but head coach Mike Mularkey's history is a tad concerning
Tennessee Titans head coach Mike Mularkey has been around the league for quite a while. Most notably, he's had previous head coaching stops with Buffalo in 2004 and 2005, and Jacksonville in 2012. Add to that his 2016 season with the Titans and Mularkey has had four previous drafts in which he's had a hand in acquiring the picks. That might not necessarily be good news for Titans fans.
There's no doubt Mularkey is an offensive whiz. But his track record as a head coach when it comes to the draft is, well, disappointing. This is not to say Mularkey has always had a hand in how the sausage is made, but as head coach, we can assume he has some input.
And Titans general manager Jon Robinson told Titansonline.com just a couple of weeks ago:
“I do know that the coaches are the ones that ultimately spend the most time with these guys on a day in and day out basis. We have a type of player that we want, and I think it is very good for the coaches to have input into the guys that they are going to coach. “They evaluate the players, and we take their evaluations into consideration and we try and make the best decision for the football team. I think it is really important that the coaches go spend time with these guys in the spring, at pro days, or workouts. Certainly some of those players have played for coaches that they know that are in free agency, so they can tap into those resources for information about players.”
So Robinson allows the coaching staff some say in whom the team drafts. That's not a bad thing. In fact, it's most certainly how things should work. As Robinson notes, the coaches work with these guys on a daily basis.
When you look at Mularkey's previous drafts, however, the results are spotty, at best.
In 2004 in Buffalo, his first season as a head coach, the Bills took receiver Lee Evans with the 13th-overall selection. They then dealt their 2005 first-round pick, as well as their 2004 second- and fifth-round picks to Dallas for the 22nd pick. It was a big price to pay and in return, Buffalo selected quarterback J.P. Losman.
That didn't exactly work out. With those picks, Dallas selected running back Julius Jones, tight end Sean Ryan and, in 2005, defensive end Marcus Spears. All spent at least six seasons in the NFL. Losman started 33 career games in five seasons in Buffalo.
The rest of that draft for the Bills netted defensive tackle Tim Anderson, tight end Tim Euhus, offensive tackle Dylan McFarland and receiver Jonathan Smith. Even ardent Bills fans couldn't pick those guys out of a lineup. Somehow, though, the following draft was even worse.
Without a first-round draft pick, Buffalo's first pick was speedy but limited receiver Roscoe Parrish. Then came tight end Kevin Everett in the third round, center Duke Preston in the fourth and defensive back Eric King in the fifth. Parrish appeared in 90 career games but caught just 134 passes. King played in 63 games, most of which came with the Titans.
Things were even worse in Mularkey's one season in Jacksonville in 2012. The Jaguars first pick that season was receiver Justin Blackmon. Need we saw more?
You will notice a trend. In Mularkey's three drafts as head coach before joining the Titans, a receiver was the team's first pick. Of those, only Evans, who had 381 career receptions, wasn't a bust. Though to be fair, Parrish was a second-round selection. Mularkey bucked that trend last season in his first draft as head coach of the Titans. Tennessee took All-Pro offensive tackle Jack Conklin. So there's some hope.
This also is not to say Mularkey is completely to blame for those previous failed drafts. But as head coach, he certainly had a hand in them. Robinson should keep these things in mind in the Titans' war room this year.
Family of Perth baby who died of whooping cough hope to raise awareness, prevent further deaths
Updated
The family of a four-week-old baby who died from whooping cough say they hope his death will not be in vain, as doctors urge people to vaccinate to protect vulnerable community members.
Riley John Hughes died in Perth's Princess Margaret Hospital of whooping cough on Tuesday.
His family have taken to social media to share their grief and also a desire to help eradicate the disease.
"RIP to my darling little angel Riley, cruelly cut down before his life had an opportunity to start," his father Greg Hughes posted on Facebook.
"Riley passed away peacefully in the arms of his mummy and daddy ... aged just 32 days - a result of pneumonia-based complications arising from whooping cough.
"I'm an absolute shell of a man without my baby boy and I'm truly not sure how I'll cope."
His mother, Catherine, said Riley passed away peacefully in his family's arms after a "tough fight".
"The staff at PMH were amazing and did everything they could to save his little life but the whooping cough was too severe," she wrote.
"RIP Riley. Forever in our hearts."
Plea to vaccinate to protect vulnerable infants
Days before Riley's death, Ms Hughes issued an impassioned plea to other families to consider vaccinating their children against the disease.
"If you haven't been immunised against whooping cough [pertussis], please consider getting it done," she wrote.
"Heartbreaking to watch four-week-old Riley struggles with it at PMH. Please keep him in your thoughts."
Whooping cough, also known as pertussis, is an infection of the respiratory tract.
The infection is particularly serious in infants under six months who are too young to be fully vaccinated.
Riley's was the first whooping cough death in Western Australia since 2011.
From 2008 to 2011 there was one whooping cough death recorded per year.
Riley's family now hoped to raise awareness and change the way the disease was managed in Australia and set up a page dedicated to Riley and this cause.
"We intend on utilising his tragic passing as a means of promoting awareness, honouring our child and hopefully bringing about means of change so that no other family has to undergo the significant anguish our family is currently experiencing at the hands of whooping cough," Ms Hughes said.
Australian Medical Association (AMA) WA president Michael Gannon said the case was a tragic reminder that people needed to get vaccinated against potentially fatal infections.
"We've had a tragic reminder that whooping cough can sneak up on us and take away the life of a precious newborn," he said.
"The arrival of a new baby is a time for great celebration, it's the start of a long life. To have it taken away is a tragedy and I can't imagine how bad the family and their friends must feel."
Dr Gannon said whooping cough was part of the routine vaccination schedule for babies at two months, four months and six months of age, but before that they were vulnerable to infection.
'Small epidemic' brought under control through vaccine program
He said a spate of whooping cough cases five years ago led to the Government implementing a free vaccination program for pregnant women.
"We saw a small epidemic about four or five years ago, and at that time the Government instituted a program of vaccinating new mums," he said.
"Although that is no longer funded it is highly recommended that pregnant women are vaccinated against whooping cough.
"We know from statistics that about half of cases of whooping cough in young children are caught from the parents.
"So it is best practice to give women whooping cough vaccinations, ideally during the pregnancy or immediately after delivery.
"Not only is there potentially the transmission of antibodies through the blood stream or in the breast milk, but just as importantly if mum can't catch whooping cough, she can't pass it on to her baby.
"The best way to protect newborn babies is for older brothers and sisters, mother and fathers and anyone else in the community who might come into contact with them to be vaccinated."
Dr Gannon said it was a tragic reminder of how important it was that "we never take our eye of the ball and get lazy with vaccinations".
"This is a preventable infection, it is preventable with a very safe, proven vaccine - there is no reason not to have it," he said.
"Unfortunately, we need tragic cases like this to remind us how lethal these infections are.
"Most people have never seen polio, most people have never seen tetanus ... these were realities not so long ago."
Health Department says whooping cough 'still common'
Department of Health spokesman Gary Dowse said whooping cough was still common in the community.
"It occurs in all age groups and hence little babies can catch it from their parents, from their grandparents, from their siblings," he said.
"We don't know how this child caught it.
"As I say whooping cough is prevalent in the community and you can catch it anywhere.
"Pertussis is most severe in very young children, under two months and up to six months, who haven't had the opportunity to be fully vaccinated.
"We know those children have a very high rate of hospitalisation and complications including pneumonia, brain damage and death."
Dr Dowse said the Health Department did not currently recommend the vaccine for pregnant women, although information coming through indicated it was safe.
"It is certainly recommended now, people contemplating pregnancy, that they should get vaccinated or immediately after delivery," he said.
The new evidence coming through from Europe is that pertussis vaccine during pregnancy can be safe and also that it is effective in reducing incidence of disease in young children.
"We have to wait for official recommendations from the Australian Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation - they're the body charged by the Federal Government with setting the policy agenda for vaccination in Australia - we understand there will be some advice from them over the next few months," Dr Dowse said.
Topics: infant-health, babies---newborns, diseases-and-disorders, vaccines-and-immunity, family-and-children, perth-6000
First posted
The Polish president mocked the press Thursday for claiming that Polish First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda purposely did not shake U.S. President Donald Trump's hand during his trip to Poland.
Outlets like the New York Daily Mail ran stories about how the Polish first lady snubbed Trump, walking right by his handshake to instead greet U.S. first lady Melania Trump. Polish President Andrzej Duda disagreed with this perspective, however.
“Contrary to some surprising reports my wife did not shake hands with Mrs. and Mr. Trump @POTUS after a great visit. Let's FIGHT FAKE NEWS,” Polish President Andrzej Duda tweeted Thursday, using one of Trump's popular phrases.
Contrary to some surprising reports my wife did shake hands with Mrs. and Mr. Trump @POTUS after a great visit. Let's FIGHT FAKE NEWS. — Andrzej Duda (@AndrzejDuda) July 6, 2017
Trump's trip to Poland received much praise from Polish people who want to strengthen border security and have refused the European Union's pressure to let Muslim immigrants into their country.
Follow Gabrielle on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Physician and 2016 Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein said that her party has been trying unsuccessfully to make inroads with Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Senator from Vermont Bernie Sanders.
“Many of my supporters are also his supporters. I'm asked all the time if there could be a Bernie Sanders collaboration and my answer to that has always been yes. The Green Party has long sought to establish a collaboration with Bernie Sanders,” she said.
However, she told NBC News in an interview published Saturday, “That phone call has not been returned, and I don't expect that this will happen.”
[RELATED: Green Party's Stein Predicts DNC Will Sabotage Sanders, Try to Reabsorb Supporters]
Speaking on the Democratic Party's presidential frontrunner, former Sec. of State Hillary Clinton, Stein said, “I think we're polar opposites. Hillary talks the talk, but in my view she is as big a corporatist, as big a warmonger, as big an imperialist as any of the Republican presidential candidates. Her rhetoric is less offensive.”
In a mid-March interview with The Huffington Post, Stein expressed worries that Sen. Sanders' campaign would ultimately end in his supporters being co-opted by Hillary Clinton.
[RELATED: Judge Opens the Door for Third Party Candidates in Georgia]
“There are many things about Sanders that are great. We agree on a lot domestically. But to allow yourself to be lulled into compliance with the Democratic Party means you're allowing yourself to be reined in from establishing a real progressive message,” she said.
“Sanders has taken the right domestic positions in the wrong party. They will seek to destroy his campaign if he gets close to securing the nomination. … The DNC installed a kill switch to prevent a true progressive nominee after McGovern got the nomination in 1972,” added Stein.
Stein claimed that the Democratic primary “is over” and that “the party machinery is behind [Clinton].”
Stein said that she entered politics as a Green Party candidate “when the Democratic Party killed campaign finance reform in my state.”
“The Democrats won't do it for us. We have to establish a political vehicle [for progressives],” added Stein.
She acknowledged that her presidential candidacy is a long shot, but suggested that a Green Party victory is within the realm of possibility.
“We have far more recognition than we did four years ago. And we are in the age of unpredictable events, this presidential election being one of them,” she argued.
Commenting on the unexpected political rise of Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, Stein said, “People have been savaged by a predatory economic and political system, and some are turning to Trump. Unfortunately, Trump is just more of the same.”
For more election coverage, click here.
Follow Barry Donegan on Facebook and Twitter.
Betsy DeVos, the billionaire school choice advocate selected by President Donald J. Trump to serve as education secretary, is a strong supporter of using biofeedback technology to help children and teenagers enhance their performance in school.
Ms. DeVos and her husband, Richard DeVos Jr., are major financial backers of Neurocore, a Michigan company that operates drug-free “brain performance centers” that claim to have worked with 10,000 children and adults to overcome problems with attention deficit disorder, autism, sleeplessness and stress.
In an agreement with the Office of Government Ethics made public Friday, Ms. DeVos said that she had stepped down from the Neurocore board but that she would retain her financial interest in the company. She valued that stake at $5 million to $25 million in her financial disclosure statement.
On Friday evening, Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the Republican chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, said he would delay the initial vote on Ms. DeVos's nomination by a week, until Jan. 31, as Democrats argued that the process had been rushed through, without enough time to answer remaining questions about her financial disclosures.
Richmond activists blow the whistle on Dominion greenwashing at Riverrock
Twitter Facebook Google+ WhatsApp LinkedIn Pinterest Email
On Saturday evening, the biggest night of Dominion Virginia Power's widely promoted Riverrock event, dozens of activists demonstrated outside the main entrance and literally “blew the whistle” on the utility company's greenwashing of its dirty power and dirty politics.
While Dominion spends big bucks to sponsor the annual celebration along the James River, the company is facing increasing public backlash for its contamination of the James and other treasured Virginia rivers from leaking, toxic coal ash dumps. Dominion's massive proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline for fracked gas would also threaten more than 500 streams, rivers and wetlands across Virginia.
Demonstrators drew attention to this hypocrisy with signs, flyers, and bright yellow t-shirts – which included a convenient list of Dominion's objectionable projects and actions on their back. At 8:00 p.m., the activists blew their whistles in unison, just before the headline Riverrock act came on stage under Dominion's large banners.
“We hope people came away with a better understanding of how Dominion is being allowed to manipulate our government and devastate the environment,” said Kate Addleson, director of the Virginia chapter of the Sierra Club. “Dominion sponsors events like Riverrock to distract attention from their egregious record of polluting Virginia's air, water, climate, and democracy.”
“It's time Dominion cleaned up its dirty power, not just its dirty image,” said Drew Gallagher, Virginia Organizer with the Chesapeake Climate Action Network. “Dominion is also Virginia's lead ‘sponsor' of toxic coal ash, fracked gas pipelines, and global warming pollution. As more and more people learn the truth about Dominion, we're seeing a movement take off across Virginia to fight the company's pollution plans.”
Related Content
Shop Google
One man dead, two injured in Auburn industrial accident after becoming trapped in ink vat
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: The Auburn ink business where three men were trapped (ABC News)
One man is dead and two others are in hospital after an industrial accident left them trapped inside an ink vat at a manufacturing business in Sydney's west.
Michael Stinson, a worker on site, told the ABC that two men rushed to help the third when he became trapped in the vat while conducting maintenance.
New South Wales Ambulance were called to the business, DIC Australia, at 8:45am.
New South Wales Fire and Rescue said the men, believed to be aged in their 30s or 40s, were "trapped by compression" at the site on Chisholm Road in Auburn.
The tank or vat was a cylinder shape and several metres high, Western Sydney NSW Ambulance Superintendent Paul Turner said.
"It is my belief that the arm inside the vat has caused the men to become trapped," he said.
"My understanding is that the men were doing maintenance … inside the vat but there was still ink hampering rescue efforts."
Two men were freed from the accident site and taken to Westmead Hospital with leg injuries and fractures, while the third man died inside the tank.
"The last person deteriorated on the scene … multiple ambulance resources [were] inside with the man trying to save his life," Superintendent Turner said.
"[The accident is] very tragic three weeks out from Christmas."
DIC Australia's website said the company produced inks for magazines, packaging and other printing products as well as metal decoration for foods and drinks.
NSW Police and WorkSafe NSW will be investigating the incident.
The man's body has been removed from the ink vat.
The two men taken to hospital are in a stable condition.
Topics: accidents, accidents---other, disasters-and-accidents, workplace, auburn-2144, sydney-2000
First posted
Hamster's Lunch at Coco's in Los Angeles
(Click on image to biggify)
You'd be forgiven for mistaking the Hamster's Lunch as a lunch for hamsters. No, it's intended for human consumption. You can buy a box at Coco's in Los Angeles, where nearly every product on display includes a helpful explanatory note.
Hamster's Lunch $4.45
Rice crackers and a hyper realistic, mercilessly charming hamster figure.
Note: We would like to thank Microsoft Windows Mobile for sponsoring mobile posting on Boing Boing. In the coming weeks, we'll be using the system to post audio, images, text, and video.
Here's a little more information about the sponsorships and ads on Boing Boing:
-- Boing Boing's been running ads for years. It's a little surprising
that so many readers are only just now realizing it.
-- This kind of sponsorship -- in the immediate case, Microsoft
Windows Mobile -- is structurally no different from sponsorships and
ads Boing Boing's done in the past.
-- In fact, Hewlett-Packard sponsored a series of audio posts just
last year, no one made a fuss about them, and they certainly didn't
affect what appears in Boing Boing (aside from allowing some of it to
be an audio feed).
-- In further fact, this kind of advertising and sponsorship has also
been going on for some time now in many other major weblogs. We
repeat: it's a little surprising that so many readers are only just
now realizing it.
-- The presence of major advertisers and major advertising campaigns on high-traffic weblogs is not evidence of a conspiracy to somehow buy off the
online audience. Those high-end ad campaigns exist because the weblog-reading audience is now large enough to compete with old-media
advertising venues like print magazines.
-- Finally, and most importantly, no advertising or sponsorship has
ever had any effect on Boing Boing's content or editorial policies,
nor will it influence them in the future. Our editorial content is
completely independent of our advertising.
I hope that answers your questions. Thank you for reading Boing Boing!
-- Mark Frauenfelder
“You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.” ~James Allen
When I was eighteen I went through a very stressful period, which led to the onset of panic attacks. I often remember how in bed one night I was suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling of terror. I'd never experienced such fear before. Sure, I was scared of lots of things, but this new feeling was unique.
The most accurate way I can describe it is a kind of animal-like horror. It seemed to have come from the deepest, darkest recesses of my subconscious mind, caused by primeval, bestial mechanisms.
The feeling was so deep and all encompassing that it was as if nothing else existed, just this fear coursing through my body as I writhed about, sweaty and tense.
The most unfamiliar and therefore terrifying aspect of the fear was that it didn't have an object: it wasn't clear what I was actually afraid of. From the very start, it was simply fear—unconnected to any tangible thing.
That night marked the beginning of my period of panic attacks. Over time, depression, anxiety, sleep problems, and general health issues augmented these.
At the age of twenty-four, I started to fight back; with the help of meditation I managed to get over my depression and panic, and now they no longer torment me.
During my struggle I came to realize that I was hindering myself with mistakes I was making, and it was only when I overcame these that I started to make real progress.
I often talk with people who have been or are going through the same kinds of problems, and I notice just how many of them also come up against these mistakes. So what are they?
1. Resisting.
When we feel a bad mood, depression, or panic coming on, our first wish is to get rid of it as quickly as possible, to change the “bad” mood into a “good” one. This is natural; it's how we're made. But all too often our attempts just make everything worse.
Resistance forces us to think constantly about our condition, to focus all of our attention on it, to feel bad because it won't go away, to wait tensely for relief.
The simple truth is that you can't control everything. Attempting to get your condition “under control” often leads to extra stress and unwanted bad feelings. It's sometimes the best just to let go and cease resistance.
If we relax and let our depression or panic come without trying to control anything, accepting that they're only temporary feelings which will pass in due course, things become much easier.
2. Feeling bad about feeling bad.
We start to have thoughts such as “I'm going to die or go crazy,” “This'll never end,” and “I hate that I can't enjoy life like other people; I feel utterly miserable.”
Our mind starts to add new fears and negative emotions to the depression we already have. And, as I saw for myself, these fears and feelings end up constituting the main part of our condition.
It's actually your mind, not the depression and panic themselves, which makes each episode so unbearable.
If you don't believe me, try this experiment: The next time you're overwhelmed by an attack, try to simply observe it without getting caught up in or assessing it in any way. Just watch it in its pure form, without any thoughts. Try to notice which parts of your body you feel it in and how it comes and goes.
In this way, you'll remove your mind from the formula of your distress. You'll notice how much weaker the attacks become when they're no longer supported by your thought processes. Give it a try, making notes of the results if you like. Would it be true to say that it's not all as terrifying and dreadful as it seemed at first?
When you stop feeding your depression with fears and thoughts it becomes much easier to shake off.
3. Comparing.
“Everything was so good when I wasn't depressed! What an amazing time it was, and how awful it is now. Why can't I go back?!” These are the kinds of things many people think, me included, but such thoughts bring nothing but harm.
If you want to beat depression or panic, you have to stop comparing. Forget that there's a past and future. What's happened has happened. Don't dwell on it, and instead live in the here and now.
Start with what you have, and don't think about how it all was before. Learning how to live in the present moment will make your depression or panic much more bearable.
4. Asking pointless questions.
Many people spend hours asking themselves all kinds of questions: “When will this end?” “Why me?” and “What have I done to deserve this?”
To make use of a well-known Buddhist parable, these questions are as much use as trying to figure out the source of the arrow which blinded you: it's just not that important. What you need to know is how to pull the arrow out.
Questions of the “Why me?” ilk just make your condition worse, forcing you as they do to complain and be upset about something that's already happened. Focus on what will help you get past your depression and don't bother with questions which don't serve this purpose.
5. Believing your fears.
We think that because we experience such fear at the idea of going outside, meeting people, or going on the underground, it means that something bad is going to happen. There's nothing surprising in this, because nature has made fear in order to warn us of danger. We're made in such a way that we instinctively believe this fear and respond to it.
But our fear hardly ever arises due to a real threat. For example, the fear of losing your mind or suffocating during a panic attack is simply fallacious. Stop believing this fear. Whatever it is you're afraid of at these times isn't going to happen.
Fear is nothing more than a feeling, a chemical reaction in your head. If you're overcome with terror when you go down into the underground, it doesn't mean that something horrific is laying in wait there. It's like a malfunctioning fire alarm—just because it's going off doesn't mean there's actually a fire.
So stop listening to your “inner alarm” every time it goes off. Don't pay it any heed: go out, meet your friends, get on a plane, and let the alarm keep ringing. Nor should you try to “switch it off,” as this doesn't always work. Just ignore it. In other words, stop taking your fear as something real.
6. Seeking reasons for your depression in the outside world.
This is another mistake I made myself. I thought that my malaise was linked solely to the way my life and work were going. I believed that if I could just change that, I'd be happy.
But then, with meditation, I realized that everything I needed to be happy was inside me, and likewise what was causing me to suffer!
I was so edgy, anxious, feeble, caught up in bad habits, undisciplined, and irresponsible that even if I'd succeeded in changing the external circumstances of my life, the traits that had given rise to my depression would still be there.
In order to get rid of my depression, I had to get rid of the internal reasons that had caused it.
So don't keep telling yourself, “If I get a new job, everything'll be smooth sailing,” or “If I get rid of everything I'm scared of, there won't be anything to be afraid of any more.” Your depression and fears reside inside you, so wherever you are, they will be too, projected onto the outside world.
Of course, this doesn't mean that you shouldn't strive to improve your life. First of all, though, you need to direct your efforts inwards.
Conclusion: Acting Against What Feels Like Common Sense
Now, when I look at these mistakes and remember making them myself, I can see the one thing that unites them.
The reason we make them is that when depression or panic pounces on us, we start to think and act in the way our instincts and gut feelings tell us. “Be afraid, run away, resist, danger awaits you everywhere, you're trapped,” they whisper.
Tuning in to this during a bout of depression aggravates our situation. This is because our mind, emotions, and instincts are strongly conditioned by depression, so listening to them is like listening to the voice of a malicious, invisible demon intent on leading you to ruin.
To free yourself from depression once and for all you have to drop all your notions of common sense; abandoning your sense of reason, you must act against them.
Don't resist your depression, accept your fears and allow them to simply pass; don't get caught up in them and don't believe them; don't compare your current situation to how it was before—all things that feel illogical when you're in a state of terror or intense depression.
What I'm advising may seem to be the polar opposite of what your gut encourages you to do. But it's precisely because people continue to give credence to and obey these feelings that depression is such a widespread complaint. You need to act somewhat paradoxically to get rid of it.
My own experience has convinced me of this. The understanding I reached allowed me to come through my difficult situation and continues to help me cope with challenges I encounter on my journey.
About Nikolay Perov Nikolay Perov formerly suffered from depression, panic attacks, addictions, laziness and communication problems. He coped with the help of meditation. His blog (also available in English) became popular in Russia, his native country. It has helped a lot of people get rid of depression, nervousness and alcohol problems and discover the new meaning of life. Read him on nperov.com!
The Battle Of Los Angeles – The Most Famous Little Known UFO Encounter?
Written by: Marcus Lowth
Estimated Reading Time: 6 minutes
Posted in:
Many documentaries have been made on it, countless movies have been based on it – even Steven Spielberg satirised it – and thousands of people witnessed the actual events unfold before their eyes. The “Battle of Los Angeles” (sometimes referred to as “The Great Los Angeles Air Raid”) took place over the City of Angeles in the early hours of 25th February 1942, but we still don't know the full truth behind the explosive events.
The incident happened while the Pearl Harbour attacks of December 1941 were still very fresh in people's minds – particularly on the west coast of the United States. To say the country was “jumpy” would have been a huge understatement. As war raged in Europe – a war that the United States was about to become heavily involved in – nobody seemed to know where the enemy would strike next, and from where.
So when the up and coming metropolis of Los Angeles was plunged into absolute darkness due to the approach of a strange craft moving in from the Pacific Ocean, the panic that followed is very understandable. As is perhaps the debate, investigations, and research that has taken place since.
That something very strange happened that evening is beyond doubt. What exactly it was that sent the military into a firing frenzy, and turned the town's citizens into frightened and helpless onlookers is a question still to be fully answered.
Los Angeles Awakes To Sirens And Gunfire
Just after 3am residents of Los Angeles were awoken to the sound of air sirens and the rattle of automatic gunfire. The whole city was in complete darkness aside from the flashes of guns being discharged, and the search lights that roamed the night sky. The blackout lasted until just after 7am, and by the time the events were over, over two thousand rounds of anti-aircraft ammunition had been fired.
It seemed to most that the firing was aimed at something in the sky, although no damage appeared to have been inflicted on the strange object. The bursts of gunfire went on for around an hour before the seemingly impenetrable object calmly made its way from the Santa Monica area and disappeared. Many witnesses also spoke of seeing and hearing American fighter planes in the night sky, but the US military refutes that any of their aircraft were airborne, and that their response was from the ground only.
Several fatalities were recorded that evening – all civilians – with deaths ranging from heart attacks, car crashes on the blacked out roads, and even falling shrapnel.
There was very little mention of the incident in the press and the media at the time. Although it was reported on initially, very few witness statements were considered credible, despite them being best placed to tell the world what they saw.
Or perhaps still fresh in the government's minds was the reaction of many people to the 1938 fictional radio broadcast “The War of the Worlds” that resulted in a mass panic, convincing thousands of American citizens they were being attacked by alien invaders.
If the object that was engaged by the American military in February 1942 was an unknown craft, potentially from another world no less, would the announcement of this as cold fact induce a similar panic in the American people? Particularly given that their best efforts were not enough to bring the strange object crashing to the ground in defeat.
The video below is a short clip of the original news footage of the time.
Aftermath and Witness Statements
Although the eventual official story was that the object was nothing more than a barrage balloon that had come loose, many people profoundly disagreed with this version of events, particularly those who believe they saw the object close up on the night in question.
One of those witnesses, a volunteer air raid warden named Katie, stated to Jeff Rense that after being awoken by a telephone call from the air raid supervisor, she looked out of her window and saw a huge object “hovering” over her house. She claimed she had a clear view of the craft and that it shone a “lovely pale orange” as it remained motionless in the night sky.
She also recalled seeing groups of American fighter planes attempt to engage the object but each time they had to retreat, stating, “They were shooting at it, but it didn't seem to matter!”
Another witness, retired anthropology professor, C. Scott Littleton, was thirteen years old at the time of the incident. His father was an air raid warden and was convinced the actions were real. Littleton claimed that the craft he saw was a distinct oval shape “like a lozenge”, and that he witnessed anti-aircraft shells explode “all around it!”
Littleton, like Katie, also stated that he witnessed American fighter planes following the strange object as it made its way towards Redondo Beach before vanishing from view.
He also casts his doubts on the official explanation of it being a balloon that came loose and floated to the Santa Monica area. According to the retired professor, the only area that housed such floating tethered balloons was in El Segundo. This means that it would have had to have floated north to the Santa Monica Mountains where the object was observed, and then moved in a completely different direction to where it was last seen. Not the normal movements of a balloon by any stretch of the imagination.
Could There Be A Connection To Mount Shasta?
According to US Navy radar reports, a craft was spotted moving into the Santa Monica Mountains from the Pacific in the hours before the sightings and subsequent battle. Just north from where it was first picked up is Mount Shasta – an area regarded as a UFO hotspot. It is also rife with strange reports and stories, with some people even claiming a top secret alien base is hidden within it.
Strange lights and glowing orbs are often seen and reported in the area, and have been for hundreds of years. Native American tribes indigenous to the area believe that inside the great mountain is a network of caves that lead to an “inner city” where advanced “reptilian” creatures live. Other local people have told stories of “robed humanoid” people, who are very tall and live inside the mountain, only occasionally venturing out in to the wider world.
Perhaps one of the strangest stories concerning Mount Shasta is that of a three year old boy who went missing for several hours while camping with his grandparents near the infamous mountain in early 2013. The young boy was found safe and well and ultimately he had come to no harm. However several weeks after the incident, he began to speak about what had happened.
He stated that “the other Grandma” – who was actually a robot – had taken him into a secret cave that was inside the mountain. According to the young boy, the cave was full of guns and spiders. He then went on to say that “the other Grandma” said he was really from outer space and that he had been placed in his “Mom's tummy” by aliens.
Even stranger was that the boy's grandma had already had an unusual encounter a year earlier, almost in the same spot where her grandson had gone missing. While camping with her friend, both women awoke to discover they had a strange bite mark on the back of their necks. They also both spoke of having an intense memory of being watched by a pair of “red eyes” throughout the night – like a spider's eyes!
The video below shows what some believe to be a UFO disappearing into a strange vortex over Mount Shasta in 2013.
VIDEO: UFO Exits Portal Over Mount Shasta 2013
Other Worldly Craft, Or Military Training Exorcise?
Although Mount Shasta is around six-hundred miles away from where the Battle of Los Angeles took place, given that the strange craft only appeared on radar when it was almost over the city, it is not unreasonable to theorise that it came from nearer to the “battle scene” than some might think. And if there is a secret base in the bowels of Mount Shasta, might the military be involved?
While witness statements of that evening in 1942 essentially describe what we would recognise as a UFO today, is it possible that the strange craft was actually part of a US military training exorcise?
We can pretty much rule out it being a Japanese craft. Aside from the fact that their records make no mention of such a mission, it is probable that they would have attacked as opposed to have simply observed if they were in such a position that evening.
Perhaps it is also worth bearing in mind that a little over a decade later and only a short distance away in the Nevada desert near Las Vegas, the military conducted many nuclear tests. Although they did inform the public to be aware of these tests, there was debate originally as to whether or not they should be informed at all. Might it be that the events in Los Angeles in early 1942 – assuming they were an undeclared military exorcise – demonstrated how easily panic can ensue?
Or might the military's response that night have been genuine, and the craft hovering above them was regarded – rightly or wrongly – as a real threat. Assuming for a moment this was the case, perhaps it would have been too embarrassing for the United States military to admit their armed forces proved to be of no use against the invading craft.
It seems though, the real error is the treatment of (at the time) the many witnesses by the media. Many of their statements were disregarded and not reported. Consequently these are now not on record and make research and investigation into the incident harder. Perhaps also at the same time, this course of action (or lack thereof) hands the US military a golden opportunity to shape the history of this event how it sees fit.
The video below features several short documentaries that look into the mysterious events of The Battle of Los Angeles in a little more detail.
VIDEO: The 1942 UFO Battle For Los Angeles
Using tools from HTC and existing methods for the international version, the AT&T HTC One has cracked open
Good news for some folks interested in the AT&T version of the HTC One -- the HTC Dev site will unlock your bootloader, and the methods used to root and install ClockWorkMod recovery are the same as the international version.
We mentioned a few days ago that a few people were lucky enough to get their HTC One early from AT&T, and of course that means that people have been working at opening it up. Some have been concerned that AT&T would have the device blocked from using the standard HTC bootloader unlocking tool, but that doesn't seem to be the case.
There are a few things to keep on mind if you plan to try this for yourself as soon as you get your HTC One. This procedure will wipe everything off your phone as part of the bootloader unlock process. Also, the Calculator, Flashlight, Ringtone Trimmer and Sound Recorder apps are deleted in the process. This doesn't sound like a very big deal, but the absence of these apps means the device won't pass a file integrity check and can no longer receive OTA updates.
In any case, this is good news for those waiting on their new HTC One from AT&T, and also like to tinker with things.
Source: XDA developers
by Atul Hatwal
This morning, over at the Telegraph, Dan Hodges reports on Unite's moves to create a distinct party within the Labour party. At the heart of the union's plans is a political strategy document. Labour Uncut has managed to get a copy of this strategy and it makes for uncomfortable reading.
Unite Political Strategy
Few would claim the last Labour government to be perfect, but much good was achieved. The minimum wage, the social chapter and unprecedented investment in schools and hospitals are just a few of the positives of which the party can be proud.
But these are all dismissed by Unite in their political strategy. Instead, for them, “the record of the last Labour government was, for the most part, a bitter disappointment”.
It's worth pausing a moment to reflect on that statement.
These aren't the words of a fringe group within the union. This document was adopted by the union's highest decision-making body, the Executive Council. It is the settled view of Labour's largest donor and affiliate.
The question is: if the spending of the last Labour government on public services was a “bitter disappointment”, what does Unite have in mind?
The strategy is a powerful statement of intent. It's clear that Unite intend to fundamentally change Labour. The authors review Unite's past approach to engaging with the party and emphatically point out,
“…for all the talk of ‘reclaiming' the party, little progress was made. This has led to great frustration within the union, the more so since the party's requests for financial support from our union and others have continued unabated. So its time for a change.”
In one passage, plans are set out to recruit 5000 new members from Unite into the Labour party. But this is no altruistic membership drive; the purpose of this influx of activists is to control local constituency parties. The strategy baldly states,
“This is emphatically not just a recruitment offensive to benefit the Labour party with passive financial contributors – it is vital if we are to impact on constituency parties”.
The document goes on to outline how these new activists will be marshalled by Unite's political structures to act as a bloc within CLPs. There will be, “Early meetings of Unite Labour party members in CLPs – an RPC and RPO responsibility”.
RPC stands for Regional Political Committee which brings together Unite's regional political leadership while RPO refers to the Regional Political Officer, who is responsible for delivering the union's political plan on the ground.
The strategy is explicit that the Regional Political Committees and Regional Political Officers will ultimately be held accountable by the Executive Council to deliver Unite's political plans for Labour.
Although unions have always had their own political structures, this marks a radical departure in approach. For the first time, a union will explicitly be building a political hierarchy from the ground up within the Labour party, but directed from outside the party.
Central command and control of this new cadre of Labour activists by Unite, to deliver Unite's agenda, will create a situation not seen in the Labour party since the mid-1980s.
It's no coincidence that as the union witchhunt against Progress gathers pace, and the eyes of the party and media are looking to the right, on the left, unnoticed, the Unite political strategy is being put into practice.
The 5000 activists are due to be in place by December 2012.
In one sense, what Unite is doing is perfectly understandable. This organisation gives several million pounds to the Labour party each year. It supplies resources such as phone banks and meeting rooms as well footsoldiers to knock doors and make phone calls. Why shouldn't the union demand Labour do its bidding?
In every other walk of life, the level of contribution made by Unite would be accompanied by very clear deliverables, enforceable through contract.
Only in politics can this charade persist: where Labour maintains that support from the unions is largesse without strings attached while the Tories persist in their fiction that hard headed businessman are happy to part with millions for nothing in return.
The Unite political strategy shows beyond all doubt that, for Labour, they are moving to end this pretence.
At the moment, the Labour leadership seem to be wilfully ignorant of the shift. But as Unite and the other unions grow in influence, expectations will rise. Power is addictive. Once wielded, its use comes more easily.
Today it is Progress. Easy to look the other way for Labour's leaders. Convenient even for union ire to be directed at the Blairites. But tomorrow, if and when either Ed Miliband or Ed Balls wanted to repeat their speeches backing public sector pay restraint, what would be the reaction?
If anything, this is the real revelation from the strategy document. That the old settlement is being ripped up by Unite. The political terms of engagement are being re-written. Money and resources will now directly equate to control.
Where Unite lead the other unions are likely to follow. How Labour's leaders react will determine whether the party has a viable future in the centre ground of British politics.
Atul Hatwal is editor at Uncut
Tags: Atul Hatwal, Len McCluskey, Progress, Unite
Charlie returns in Street Fighter V, Capcom announces $500K prize pool for Capcom Cup 2015
Posted on December 13, 2014 by Chris Morales
Evil Genius' Yusuke Momochi came from the loser's bracket to become the 2014 Capcom Cup champion. Even after a day of exciting matches, Capcom had more surprises for Street Fighter fans.
Following the championship match was a showing of an extended version of the previously released gameplay trailer for Street Fighter V. Added to the trailer is a quick glimpse of what appears to be Charlie, or Nash in Japan, who was Guile's buddy that M. Bison killed prior to the events of Street Fighter II.
Street Fighter producer Yoshinori Ono came to the stage following the extended trailer decked out in a vest and glasses similar to Charlie's familiar attire. He commented that the characters in Street Fighter V will be more unique than ever before.
Ono then went on to talk about the recent partnership with Sony for Street Fighter V. He said that thanks to the partnership, the 2015 Capcom Cup will have a prize pool of $500,000.
After Ono's announcement, Capcom 's Peter "Combofiend" Rosas and Twitch's Mike Ross took the stage for a Street fighter V demo.
The demo showed some interesting additions to the gameplay. Characters have varying EX meters, in this case Chun Li had three EX bars while Ryu only had two. There is also a temporary power up that can be activated when the EX meter is full, similar to the Instinct meter of Killer Instinct. Another big change is that certain moves can stun an opponent for a short duration, similar to stuns in the Tekken series. Towards the end of the second match, Ryu slammed Chun Li through a kitchen where a bowl of noodles landed on her head, and she wears said noodle bowl in the next round.
There is plenty more to dissect in the trailer, but we'll have to wait until Capcom reveals more Street Fighter V footage to understand the game.
Ron....another great move from you all, reaching out to the fan base. Thank you very much.
Looking forward to the season ticket pricing information coming out. To be honest we held off on purchasing when it became clear that PFC were not going to be able to make it, so we will be purchasing them as soon as the details are published.
You have touched on two of the main questions I have seen around the various fan sites. The others being:
1. Any news on negotiations with USL and Colorado to reschedule the first game?
2. We know the player signings with start coming after the coach is announced. In your comment, above, you said its making progress....any thoughts on a time-frame for that too? Appreciating that it is hard to be specific when you are searching for the right candidate and negotiations are taking place.
3. We know a number of the players from last season had been looking to return here, do you anticipate the coach will be talking to the likes of Scott Morrison, Sheldon, Reid Schmitt, David Paul and Devon or looking for a fresh start?
4. There were rumors that a bunch of players is here training with PFC who were signed but who were not registered with USL yet. Do you know if that's the case and if any of those are included in the above names? Is this a pool of players that are available to the new coach?
5. Lastly, I think, Is there any chance we can do a pretty flyer regarding season tickets? One that people like me can print off and put them out in public places...such as my offices and other places (OK bars) some of us frequent? That way we can help spread the word.
Thanks again for all you guys are doing and for engaging with us. We appreciate it more than you can imagine.
Click to expand...
Do you ever wonder how certain things become labeled as politically correct or incorrect? Who chooses which things qualify as either? One would certainly assume these choices are driven by politics, but whose politics?
Here's a little history per Wikipedia:
In the early-to-mid 20th century, the phrase “politically correct” was associated with the dogmatic application of Stalinist doctrine, debated between Communist Party members and American Socialists. This usage referred to the Communist party line, which provided “correct” positions on many political matters. According to American educator Herbert Kohl, writing about debates in New York in the late 1940s and early 1950s, The term “politically correct” was used disparagingly, to refer to someone whose loyalty to the CP line overrode compassion, and led to bad politics. It was used by Socialists against Communists, and was meant to separate out Socialists who believed in egalitarian moral ideas from dogmatic Communists who would advocate and defend party positions regardless of their moral substance.
It is my opinion that we are seeing this happening today more than ever. It is the narrative by which we are expected to abide, according to the ‘extreme left', i.e. the MSM, Dems and Hollywood. The censorship, shouting down and violence against Conservatives and anyone who doesn't follow their narratives at rallies and college campuses is at an all-time and frightening high. One only has to read Animal Farm by George Orwell to see what is actually happening today in our degenerating Democracy.
Almost as frightening, however, is how the establishment Republicans stand by and allow this to happen. Where is the outrage from the ‘right'? Why isn't the ‘right' establishing more broadcast TV channels in the main stream media? Broadcast channels made available to the general public to counter NBC, CBS, ABC and, sadly, in my opinion PBS, are desperately needed. It seems that only the Fox News cable channel supports the Republican agenda. Searching hard through the internet provides another source but it is not always easy. Not everyone has cable and/or internet. Some new general broadcast channels should be created which would give everyone access. Why aren't we seeing more newspapers created to provide an alternative to the dominating publications representing the ‘left' such as the NYT and Washington Post, etc. etc.? I find it hard to believe that this is not achievable. With other narratives being represented and equally accessible, we may find that it would provide a balance and dilute some of the hate being pushed by the ‘left' and perhaps even change some minds.
Republicans and Republican leaders …. The time is long overdue for all to stand up in defiance to the narrative from the left …the currently ‘politically correct' narrative which has so damaged our country. Wanting to stand up for the safety and well-being of your family, friends and country should be the ‘politically correct' narrative. Stating proudly that “ALL Lives Matter' should be the ‘politically correct' narrative. Not wanting the heinous Sharia Law to invade our country and way of life should be the ‘politically correct' narrative. Respecting the Presidency and not depicting his beheading or vicious stabbing to death should be the ‘politically correct' narrative.
This plea should not only be the plea from Republicans but should be the plea from all decent citizens of this country and throughout the world.
Wellington Buildings overlooks Perth redevelopment boom – again
Posted
Wellington Buildings was one of the products of Western Australia's first mining boom in the 1890s and continues to stand tall, surrounded by a changing city, more than 100 years later.
The three-storey classical structure of shops and offices on the corner of Wellington and William streets owes its existence to the gold rush, according to Richard Offen, executive director of Heritage Perth.
"Overnight almost the centre of Perth was changed from a very sleepy-looking, sparsely built country town into this amazing metropolis," Mr Offen said.
"The lot on this corner was originally granted to John Mitchell in 1837 who was bugler in the 63rd Foot Regiment — the regiment that was brought over to protect the colony.
"After he died his family sold a portion of the land to auctioneer Wesley Maley in 1886."
Oyster and billiard saloons
Maley built a number of single-storey shops on the site and his tenants included a jeweller, tobacconist, boot importer as well as an oyster saloon.
"Maley sold out to Henry Higham, described as the 'gentleman of Claremont' in 1906 and made a profit of £40,000," Mr Offen said.
It was Higham who demolished Maley's shops and commissioned architects Oldham and Cox to design what became the Wellington Buildings, built in 1910.
"The first tenants in this building were quite interesting," Mr Offen said.
"In the shops fronting Wellington Street were Grundy & Co, outfitters; Martha Shannon, ladies underclothing; and Watson's Supply Stores.
"The most important and largest shop was the Universal Shoe Stores, which occupied the shop on the corner.
"And there was a billiard saloon in the basement."
The offices on the upper floors came to be occupied by people connected to the railways and a number of trade unions, including the WA Locomotive Drivers Union and the Laundry Employees Union.
The building stayed in the Higham family until 1953 when it was bought by Mary and Arnold Raine, who also owned the Royal Hotel on the opposite side of William Street.
Following Mary Raine's death in 1961, all of her properties were bequeathed to the University of Western Australia to fund the Raine Medical Research Foundation.
From the 1960s onward, the area around Wellington Buildings went into decline.
Shoppers preferred new suburban shopping malls and the shops along Wellington Street attracted little attention.
The catalyst for redeveloping the area came in 2002 when plans for a Perth to Mandurah train line were finalised.
A new city grows up around the old
The state government decided to build the line underground from Perth station, and a new station, Perth Underground, was planned for the area below Wellington Buildings.
"As part of the development of 140 William Street and the creation of Perth Underground station, the Wellington Buildings had to be virtually taken apart and put back together, but it has been done beautifully," Mr Offen said.
"Upstairs is now the offices of West Australian Museum and all of the old woodwork and pressed tin ceilings remain."
On the other side of the road, the Wellington Buildings overlook the building site of the Perth Citylink and new bus station.
"This area now is probably experiencing the same sort of excitement that people were feeling in 1910 when Perth was getting a makeover then," Mr Offen added.
Topics: historians, human-interest, perth-6000
US Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) formally announces his candidacy for president during an event in Louisville, Kentucky, April 7, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]
WASHINGTON - US Senator Rand Paul on Tuesday officially threw his hat in the ring for the 2016 White House run, depicting himself as the opposite to "career politicians," and said he could "beat the Washington machine."
"Washington is horribly broken. I fear it can't be fixed from within," Paul told a cheering crowd during his rally at Louisville, Kentucky. "Too often when Republicans have won, we have squandered our victory by becoming part of the Washington machine. That's not who I am."
Serving his first term in Senate, the former eye surgeon from Kentucky boasts a reputation for challenging the Republican establishment and is therefore often viewed by many as leaning to the Tea Party Movement.
"It seems to me that both parties and the entire political system are to blame," said Paul at the rally. "I have a message, a message that is loud and clear and does not mince words. We have come to take our country back."
Paul is so far the second contender across the aisle to announce the 2016 presidential candidacy. Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a darling of the conservative Tea party, announced his White house bid on March 23.
Paul, who entered Congress on the Tea Party wave in 2010, aimed at garnering allegiance from not only mainstream voters but minorities and young voters, whom the Republican Party failed to win over in past elections.
"The message of liberty, opportunity and justice is for all Americans, whether you wear a suit, a uniform or overalls, whether you're white or black, rich or poor," Paul said.
I Love Coding, but I Almost Missed Out
Beriwan Ravandi Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 22, 2017 Unlisted
The Fear of Inadequacy in Technical Abilities: Biases and Misinformation
Dr. Sugata Mitra's saying that “knowing is obsolete” could not be more true in regards to the many subfields of computer science and the tech industry. Creativity, critical thinking and the will to learn is far more important than background knowledge. Knowing how to work out problems is far more important than knowing the particular answers upfront.
Since high school curriculums place heavy emphasis on biology, chemistry, physics and math, my first year at the University of British Columbia was a relatively smooth ride, and I achieved academic success thanks to my background knowledge of these common sciences. I cannot say the same for my first computer science class. I took it not because I was interested in computer science, but it was a requirement for another major focused on the brain and cognition. I actually dreaded the idea of having to take the course — this stemmed from my personal biases and misinformation. As a kid, I associated computer science with just coding, and would picture a group boy playing World of Warcraft.
The lack of representation, among other factors, prevented me from venturing into programming in my early years because it never occurred to me that I could be good at it. Entering my first computer science class, I knew I was years behind my male peers in terms of experience and knowledge. There were guys who felt the need to tell me repeatedly how easy the material was while I struggled to understand what a string was. Let's just say understanding what “Now print ‘Hello World'” means caused me a lot of stress during my first lab. Even some of the guys who struggled as well were still applying for internships but I did not because the idea that “girls aren't good at programming” was a message I was starting to believe.
Of course, this fear of inadequacy is something everyone in computer science has felt before. Especially for those being first introduced to it in university. The feeling of being way behind is not only scary, but also crippling.
I didn't want to be a part of a program in which many students held biases against certain groups and their ability to succeed. Despite this, I decided to make the switch and apply to the program anyway. To my surprise, those guys who made me feel inadequate were not accepted into the program. My perception was that only a selected few of women would make great programmers rather, the people who made me feel this way did so because of their own insecurities; they took out their frustration on women who could do a better job than them. Although nervous to continue, my experience as a second year student has been very positive.
In reality, companies have taken a step back to rethink their criteria for what is needed to make products and services of high caliber. A remedy to improve company dynamics is intrusively known. However, there are beliefs that improving diverse numbers within companies in regards to race or gender is equivalent to lowering standards. This misinformation is stemmed from bias when it comes to evaluating women's work, in any industry. Another falsity is believing there was ever a time in which programmers were hired strictly based on merit. Specific network connections, alma mater and other factors have always been taken into account when deciding on a new hire.
Rising technologies are becoming available to all corners on the map, creating a network of users and clients from very diverse backgrounds and communities. It should come as no surprise that the group of people creating the product should be just as diverse as the group of people using it.
Companies are recognizing the biases themselves, as a result, bringing them closer to seeing reality. It takes intention and effort to let go of stereotypes. The reality is that diversity acts as a catalyst for growth rather than another quota to meet, and while correlation does not equal causation, the success of companies who do follow this route shows convincing evidence of the benefits of a diverse workplace.
Despite all my reservations, trying out a computer science course was the best thing I have done so far during my time as an undergrad. People have different experiences; therefore, various opinions, so I am not trying to prove anything by speaking subjectively.
Assuming that it is possible to accurately compare yourself with other people in a beneficial manner actually hinders personal improvement. Programmers grow the most when they are given the space to work hard rather than compete with the success of others. It is vital that female programmers believe in their own ability to bring about success and change, for the tech community is going places, and forward is one of them.
If you like this post, don't forget to recommend and share it. Check out more great articles at Code Like A Girl.
As neo-nazis and anti-fascists prepare to head to Dover this weekend, Ed Goddard takes a look at the importance of violence as a tool in the anti-racist toolkit both in the struggles of the past and present.
The far-right are mobilising yet again for a demo in Dover and yet again anti-fascists are heading to the south-coast town intent on stopping them. The day looks set to be a repeat of January's chaotic events, which saw hundreds of anti-fascists and openly neo-nazi demonstrators clash, throwing punches and paving stones with serious injuries racked up on both sides.
While the left is comfortable decrying fascist violence, it is noticeably more unsure when it comes to its own. Those who dish out beatings to far-right mobs are ritually accused of “stooping down to their level”, of being “as bad as the fascists”, or even of actually being “left-wing fascists” themselves for successfully using violence against their political opponents.
Though in a sense understandable due to the nasty nature of violence and the fact we're often the first to condemn it in the form of wars or police brutality, it fails to take into account the nature of the racist gangs mobilising for Dover, not to mention the current threat to multiculturalism in Britain (as well as across Europe). Moreover, it completely ignores the significant role violence played in establishing multiculturalism as a reality in so many British cities in the first place; that, as well as promoting peaceful coexistence, anti-racism has always involved physical opposition - whether organised in racist groups or not - to those who would threaten that coexistence.
The nature of the enemy
First up, it needs to be said that the groups coming out for Dover are not your traditional right-wing nationalist political parties. They're not like UKIP, they're not even much like the BNP under Nick Griffin, and the difference isn't just over politics.
The key difference is practice: while even hard-right political parties focus primarily on seeming respectable to try and win at the ballot box, these groups reject respectability in favour of a focus on violent street confrontations. A successful demo is one where members get pissed and start aggro with counter-demonstrators or, failing that, any non-white locals.
Yet this is what people misunderstand about these groups, laughing at them for being inarticulate pissheads who couldn't string a sentence together let alone influence government policy. But their goal isn't to affect policy or produce provocative think-pieces for The Spectator. Their goal is to intimidate. Their organisational model is not the political party, it's the hooligan firm.
This is why an approach that rejects physical confrontation cannot work, why even chanting ‘there are many many more of us than you' makes no sense. The South East Alliance have the words ‘sometimes outnumbered, never outgunned' emblazoned on a St George's Cross. They love being outnumbered as long as they get home safe enough to brag about it. It validates their self-image as brave defenders of the nation taking on crowds of irate (though ultimately soft) student lefties.
More than being outnumbered, the politics they understand is when they are outviolenced. Indeed, so comprehensively outviolenced that they can't even put a brave face on social media (as they will inevitably always try to).
Nazis duck missiles as they are held behind police lines for their own safety during failed 'White Man March' in Liverpool, 2015.
So events like Liverpool in 2015, when National Action ended up hiding in a lost luggage department for their safety while a multiethnic crowd of Scousers chucked bananas at them, or Walthamstow 2012 when the EDL's march was blocked by crowds hurling bottles and bricks and chanting “If it wasn't for the coppers you'd be dead”. Events like these rupture their hardman self-image. They set off organisational disarray and internal recriminations as they start rowing amongst each other about whom ballsed up what and who's never turning up again to anything organised by whoever else. And they discourage those who were thinking about coming down for a laugh and a ruck, when they realise the reality means being shepherded behind police lines for their own safety or taking a kicking as their mates run for their own safety.
Fighting racism: a historical snapshot
All this is nothing new. Yet to a large extent contemporary anti-racism has been sanitised, reduced in the popular imagination to ‘I have a dream' and Benetton adverts, or worse, not being able to order a black coffee in case someone gets offended. Even the collective memory of Nelson Mandela makes him seem just a kindly old man who once met the Spice Girls rather than a Communist revolutionary who spent 27 years in prison for involvement in an underground guerrilla organisation.
Yes, it's true that multiculturalism was created by the increasing interactions - cultural, social, romantic - between people of different ethnicities and, yes, it's true that those interactions have been based on basic humanitarian principles like ‘peace', ‘love' and ‘unity'. But it must always be remembered that those interactions and those principles had to be defended and the capacity to use violence against those who would threaten them played a significant part in that defence.
So when fascists attacked London's black community during the 1958 Notting Hill race riots, themselves thought to have been triggered by a group of white people attacking an interracial couple, the West Indian community formed its own self-defence groups. As Jamaican community activist and participant, Baker Baron, describes:
The men, well we were armed. During the day they went out and got milk bottles, got what they could find and got the ingredients of making the Molotov cocktail bombs. Make no mistake, there were iron bars, there were machetes, there were all kinds of arms, weapons, we had guns. Quote:
Black man is searched by police during the Notting Hill riots, 1958.
Eighteen years later, Notting Hill's black community would again be on the frontline fighting racism on the streets: black youth revolted, this time against racist policing at the 1976 Notting Hill Carnival, resulting in officers taking “a real hammering [...] knocked over like ninepins by volleys of bricks and bottles”.
And almost exactly a year after Notting Hill, it would be the National Front's turn to feel the full force of militant anti-racist mobilisation as they attempted to march through Lewisham. Anti-fascist activist Steve Tilzey recounts his memories of the day in which, apart from one group of nazis being “pummelled to the ground by fists and boots”:
All along the route of the march the NF were getting serious problems as fighting and skirmishing broke out between the two sides. At one point the march was smashed completely in half as hundreds of anti-nazis broke through the ranks of police and engaged the Front in vicious hand-to-hand fighting. Quote:
An anti-fascist lays into a National Front member during protests in Lewisham, 1977.
All these represent the fight of communities, whether against the encroachment of fascist groups or of racist police, to exist both socially and culturally in Britain. Yet even these remain a handful of spectacular events in the history anti-racism in Britain. While multiculturalism took root among those who welcomed it in those environments where different ethnicities mixed freely, it was imposed on those who didn't want it through thousands (or hundreds of thousands, potentially millions even) of minor scuffles, struggles and conflicts whose only record is in the memories of those who experienced them.
One such memory is that of my older sister who remembers being slapped in the face by an older white boy for playing football with a group of black kids in the park behind our house when she was little (which must have been as late as the early 1990s). They leapt to her defence, gave the boy a slap and chased him off. My sister continued playing in the park, as did I when I got older, but I don't ever remember seeing that boy.
I don't include this anecdote because it's particularly exciting (I sometimes even wonder whether the kids who backed my sister up even remember it). The opposite, actually: to show the kind of everyday physical defence of simple coexistence which took place in British cities in order for multiculturalism to become a reality. Those kids fought for their right, and my sister's right, to play with whoever they want in our area. The innumerable stories of playground punch-ups and public altercations which won't make history books, in large part because there are just too many of them and their unspectacular nature make them interesting only to those who know those involved.
When looked at together, however, as part of a generalised fightback or movement, they become more interesting. The fantastic Young Rebels documentary on the Southall Youth Movement does just this in recording some of these stories of young Asians growing up in 1970s-80s Britain. One SYM member, Jagdish Banger, remembers “coming out of class, all these white people just jumped on me, started beating me up and there was another Jamaican boy with me [...] and he ran off and I thought ‘Ah, that's nice.' But what he did two minutes later: he came back with a load of Jamaican black people and we had such a big scuffle.”
In the same documentary, Jaswant Hunjan, recalls:
We were young, we formed a gang. And like, what the skinheads were doing, they always shouted ‘We're going Paki bashing today! We're going Paki bashing today!' So we were going skinhead bashing. Coz most of the time, at night time, they'll come, in cars and everything, you know, just to swear at us, and find someone on his own and beat him up. Well, there was quite a few of us and, we just stood round corners with bottles and bricks and when you see the cars coming… let it go. Quote:
The struggles which Southall Youth Movement members engaged in with local racists were inseparable from the wider issues of racism the group took up. Indeed, it was the assault and murder of Gurdip Singh Chaggar by a racist gang that led to the the group's creation, with its dedication to “physically keeping racism off the streets of Southall” as well as the “lack of youth provision in the Borough”. The climax of Southall's youth activism came in 1981 when the community stopped a far-right skinhead concert, torching the pub it was due to be held in and attacking fascists while police were helpless to stop them. As Jagdish Banger explains: “It was a proud moment, we stood up for ourselves saying ‘We're Southall'. Yes, alright, it's full of Indians but we stood up for ourselves.”
Facing the threat ahead, not just with violence, but certainly not without it
For anyone who opposes racism, there seems an endless cause for alarm these days. In Britain, UKIP finished the election with almost four million votes, 27% of the total and the third-highest of any party. Meanwhile, hate crimes between 2014 and 2015 increased 18% and Islamophobic attacks in London went up a worrying 70% while EDL-splinter groups are able to mobilise hundreds for demonstrations under nazi flags for the first time since the early 1990s.
The rest of Europe is equally worrying, if not more so: Greek neo-fascists Golden Dawn remain the third most popular party while continuing to carry out attacks on migrants. Xenophobic Eastern European governments continue to use barbed-wire fences and the inflammatory language of ‘invasion' to keep out refugees. In Calais, France, fascist groups frequently abduct, strip and beat refugees living in the ‘Jungle' encampment while French police frequently make incursions with batons and teargas while between 2014 and 2015 Germany saw a 500% increase in attacks against refugee centres. And with every ISIS terror attack such jingoistic nationalism becomes further entrenched.
While there was never any ‘Golden Age' of multiculturalism, we certainly are seeing a return to cruder, more explicit (which in turn enable more vicious) forms of racism. This is not to say that violence is the only ‘true' form of anti-racism or that the problem of racism can be tackled only with violence. In the end, the only long-term solution is to build a movement which can oppose both the racist narrative and the social injustices it conceals, a task which involves a wide range of activities and tactics.
But while there are those who act out the politics of ‘race', with all the violence it entails, there will be those who will respond in kind. Multiculturalism may have been created in the spirit of peaceful coexistence but it was defended with a violence strong enough to overpower its enemies. And for that, we make no apologies.
When the news broke yesterday that Boehner has stated he would not hold Obama's tax cut for the people hostage to get a huge tax cut for the rich, I correctly opined that his claim was a fraud. Because Boehner knows that, if passes in that form, Senate Republicans will block it. Therefore, he and other House Republicans could make the claim that they supported tax cuts for the poor and middle classes.
Senate Republicans, including Scott Brown of Massachusetts, said yesterday they are opposed to an extension of tax cuts for middle-income families unless cuts also are extended for the wealthiest Americans, setting up a defining showdown with President Obama in the run-up to November's mid-term elections. Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell dug in with an all-or-nothing approach and his spokesman said he had enough votes to block anything that falls short of a continuation of cuts for taxpayers in every bracket. The Senate signaled its determination after the Republican leader in the House, Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio, stunned Washington on Sunday by saying he was ready to compromise as a last resort and back Obama's plan to extend cuts for middle-income families while letting those for the highest wage earners expire. Although Democrats continued to accuse the GOP of holding middle-class tax cuts hostage in a bid to benefit the rich, Obama's position was complicated by the potential defection of some centrist Senate Democrats who also want tax cuts extended for everyone… [emphasis added]
Inserted from <Boston Globe>
Frankly, it's best to delay a vote in the House. Why give Republicans the cover? Chris Hayes agrees:
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
This has the potential to be a defining issue in November and could help Democrats minimize the damage. Keith Olbermann and David Plouffe discuss campaign strategy.
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
In my early days as a Tennessean, I was shown a cave. I explored the nearby countryside and discovered more caves, disappearing streams, and reappearing streams. I started putting together the pieces of the puzzle, and at age eleven, I drew a map of the caves, and the streams that flowed under the land of the sinkhole plain. The map hypothesized the connection of what are now John Henry Demps and Sullivan Cave.Fast-forward 22 years, it's the morning of June 12th, 2013, and my biologist friend, Matt Niemiller is showing up at my house to go explore caves on my cousin's property. I am to assist Matt in the collection of cave life specimens, as well as assist him locating new caves to sample.I turned in Freddie Dodson Cave and John Henry Demps Cave back in 2008 and have made numerous repeat visits to try and push the low airspace at the back of John Henry Demps Cave with the suspicion that it connects, as my old map shows, to Sullivan Cave. Previous attempts to push the low airspace consisted of trying to get someone else to do it for me, or hoping someone else would provide me the encouragement to go for it. But the effort never materialized.I was afraid - afraid of hypothermia, afraid of sucking water into my lungs. Despite that, there was an overwhelming. Where does this water go? I wanted to validate a 22 year old map.Matt's agenda for the day was to collect specimens and I was his “biologizing” assistant. It took about an hour to switch my brain off geology mode and into biology mode. I kept noticing the interesting fossils in the walls when I should have been noticing the millipedes, isopods, spiders, and crayfish that he kept finding. Our collections went well, and soon we were at the low airspace in the back of John Henry Demps Cave.And there it was, a nagging. Despite the water being about 6 inches higher than in previous attempts, I dropped to my knees and submerged my chest into 55 degree water. I held my hands above my head so I could better balance to prevent my falling into the cold, deep, murky water. Around another curve, the passage kept going. Matt was behind me and occasionally beside me. The ceiling dropped.I was hyperventilating, and my arms were shaking, though I am unsure if it was the cold, the weariness of holding them above my head, or the adrenaline of the moment. I dipped my chin into the water and turned my head to get under the next constriction. “Does it get any better?” Matt said from somewhere behind me. I called back to Matt that I would continue forward for another minute.I started counting seconds. At ten seconds another turn, thirty another. At forty my ear dipped into the water. My chest was hot as if I were sunburned. Was it was numbness or some other hypothermic effect? With polypro on, how long can I remain submerged like that? With every exhalation I could see my breath blowing back into my face in the wind. I had lost count with no clue of the long-passed minute. I could turn back, but I had momentum.I could see my light reflecting off the ceiling and making ripple patterns across the water's surface. Within that I saw a line of green light, not of my headlamp's making. Moments later I was climbing out of the water, up through the fog of the thermocline and standing in Sullivan Cave with the warmth of summer upon me.Matt had to go back for his pack, but was along shortly. I had tested my 22 year old hypothesis and proved it. I found that old map recently and noted how prophetic it was – water, caves, and maps – three of my favorite things.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Associate Professor Stephen M. Kajiura was reviewing with his evolution class in GS 120 for a midterm when FAU student Jonatha Carr interrupted him: “How does evolution kill black people?” she asked. Kajiura attempted to explain that evolution doesn't kill anyone.
And then, Carr became violent.
A fellow classmate, Rachel Bustamante, was sitting behind Carr prior to her outburst and noticed she had been avoiding looking at the professor until 11:35 a.m. — that's when she snapped. The classmate reported that Kajiura was discussing attraction between peacocks when Carr raised her hand to ask her question about evolution. She asked it four times, and became increasingly upset each time Kajiura's answer failed to satisfy her.
A video taken by Bustamante shows Carr ranting and threatening to kill the professor and several students. At this point, the witness who contacted the police claimed, “No one was comfortable in the room. I realized the situation was escalating and went out to call the police.” Seconds later, Carr walked down an aisle of the classroom and slammed the palm of her hand into the forehead of a male student.
Kajiura stayed in the room, trying to keep the class calm, while a few students stepped out to call police. “She became increasingly belligerent,” he said. “It was at this point, a highly emotionally charged individual who was no longer capable of responding rationally. She was threatening to kill both me and the students in the class.”
Then Carr made her way to the back of the classroom. “Some [FAU technician] came in and ordered her to get out,” Kajiura said. “He ordered her to leave the room, and they got into a physical altercation. Several other individuals jumped in and tried to help him.”
Kajiura said he didn't recognize Carr prior to her outburst, but after looking through his records, he found that she emailed him right after Spring Break. “She had sent me a very nice email asking about one of the lab problems,” he said.
The professor mentioned the entire ordeal took no more than 10 minutes, and he went back to lecturing, although only half the class remained. “No one could concentrate,” Bustamante said. “Everyone gave up and started texting.”
Bustamante gave the professor a copy of the fight, which she recorded on her cell phone and posted on Facebook and YouTube. Kaijura went on to praise his students, claiming they were “Absolutely fantastic. They acted responsibly.”
Check back at upressonline.com for more updates. If you have any information on the incident involving Jonatha Carr and professor Kajiura, please email [email protected]
Correction: The UP initially reported that Jothana Carr assaulted and was removed from Stephen M. Kajiura's class by a FAU technician. The UP has since learned that she assaulted Justin White, director of the Spanish language program, and that White was one of the men in the video seen escorting Carr from the evolution class.
With iOS 8, Apple allowed developers to make their crazy custom Keyboard ideas real (Believe me there are lots of crazy keyboards on App Store). And actually I had my own keyboard idea and I started doing it. My keyboard app is called Caps Klavye .
In January, I finished coding and started the submit process. The process was too hard for me and Apple rejected my App 10+ times. After that painful process, they approved the app. Since there aren't so many blog post about custom keyboards on the internet, I want to write a blog post about my experience.
Read App Store Guidelines
Before making an Custom Keyboard, first you should read the App Store Guideline Extensions Section. Here is a screenshot of the section.
Actually that is all Apple wants you to do before submitting your Keyboard. I will explain some of them to make sure Apple won't reject your keyboard.
25.2 - Apps hosting extensions must provide some functionality (help screens, additional settings) or they will be rejected
Even if you don't want to add screens to the app, at least teach your users how to add your keyboard. Some users may need help to use your keyboard. Look at:
25.4 - Keyboard extensions must provide a method for progressing to the next keyboard
Just don't forget to add the little world icon :) If your keyboard can't progress the next keyboard, Apple will reject your app. Check out:
25.5 - Keyboard extensions must remain functional with no network access or they will be rejected
Apple wants us to make offline mode for every custom keyboard. Make sure your app is functional without connection. The best way to do that is storing some data in the keyboard extension and showing that data when user is offline.
25.6 - Keyboard extensions must provide Number and Decimal keyboard types as described in the App Extension Programming Guide or they will be rejected
Actually, this is an awkward request from Apple. Why every keyboard must provide number and decimal keyboard types ? In this step, you can just add numbers and decimals like this:
or even better for user experience, you can add abc keyboard like these:
In this post, I try to share some best practices for custom keyboards. If you have any experience or tips, please let me know and update this post. Write me on Twitter @ayalcinkaya_
More Reading:
DUTCH PAEDOPHILE GROUP Martijn, which argues for society's acceptance of consensual sex between children and adults, cannot be banned, an appeals court said today, overturning a 2012 ruling.
“According to the court of appeal, the work of the association is contradictory to public order but there is no threat of disrupting society,” the Arnhem-Leeuwarden court in the north of the country said.
The decision came after the head of the association, Martijn Uittenbogaard, appealed a June ruling by a court in nearby Assen banning the group, which has around 60 members.
Association
Founded in 1982, the association lobbies for the acceptance of paedophilia but says it is fiercely opposed to any form of sexual abuse.
The appeals court ruled that the fact that some members had previous convictions for sexual abuse was not the association's responsibility and it had never committed a criminal act.
Words and images on the association's website are legal and do not advise people to have sex with children, the court said.
Nevertheless, the association is against some principles of Dutch law as it “makes banal the dangers of sexual contact with young children, speaks well of such contact, even glorifies it”, the court said.
But this would not lead to a “disruption” of society, a required condition for an association to be banned, as society is “sufficiently capable of defending itself against undesirable utterances or reprehensible (but not punishable) behaviour”, it said.
Following the ruling, the head of the association tweeted: “Luckily there are still some wise judges.”
A court in Leeuwarden in 2011 declined to pursue criminal proceedings against the association, despite the malaise the group caused even in the liberal-minded Netherlands.
The group's former head Ad van den Berg was sentenced to three years in jail in 2011 for possession of child pornography.
- © AFP, 2013
On a recent thread which was not about the temperature trend, but about Judith Curry's mischaracterization of it, “Dan H.” stated that what mattered was the long-term trend, which was a steady increase at a rate between about 0.006 and 0.0075 deg.C/yr, and that the Berkeley data reinforced this idea. He later said that it was a steady increase plus a cyclic variation with period about 60 years. Let's examine those ideas closely, shall we?
Here's the Berkeley data (minus the final two “don't belong” data points), together with a lowess smooth on a 10-year time scale:
Here's just the smooth, together with 10-year averages:
Visually, it certaintly doesn't seem to be a steady rise plus cyclic variation. But let's try those models anyway. First let's fit a long-term linear trend by least squares. We'll compare that (plotted in blue) to the smoothed curve (plotted in red) and the raw data (in black):
Note the sizeable departure of the data from the linear trend over the last several decades. Let's expand the scale for a direct comparison of the linear fit (in blue) to the smoothed curve (in red):
Indeed the long-term linear model isn't very good. In fact it isn't right, which is easily confirmed statistically. The biggest difference between reality and the Dan H. model is the rapid upward trend over the last 30 years. Could it be … global warming?
The linear model doesn't hold water. But what if we include a cyclic variation with period about 60 yrs? It turns out that the best-fit linear-plus-cyclic model has a period of 70.9 yr. Here's that model (plotted in blue), compared to the smoothed curve (in red) and the data (in black):
Note the sizeable departure of the data from the linear-plus-cyclic trend over the last several decades. Let's expand the scale for a direct comparison of the model (in blue) to the smoothed curve (in red):
Indeed the long-term linear-plus-cyclic model isn't very good. In fact it isn't right, which is easily confirmed statistically. The most important difference between reality and the Dan H. model version 2 is the rapid upward trend over the last 30 years. Could it be … global warming?
We could also test the long-term linear model, and the linear-plus-cyclic model, by fitting them only to part of the data — say, data up to 1975 — then extrapolating that model to see how well is validates what followed. Care to guess how that comparision looks?
If the linear model is correct, then the warming rate will be constant over time. If the linear-plus-cyclic model is correct, then the warming rate will be constant-plus-cyclic with the same period. Let's compute the warming rate using each 30-year segment of the Berkeley data, together with the estimated uncertainty in that rate, using an ARMA(1,1) model for the noise just to feed the “uncertainty monster.” Here's the result, with a horizontal dashed line in red indicating the mean rate of the linear-plus-cyclic model over the entire time span:
The long-term linear model is nonsense. The long-term linear-plus-cyclic model is nonsense.
Advertisements
Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has unveiled a new group to lead the battle against Nicola Sturgeon's plans for a second independence referendum following the Brexit vote.
A former UK ambassador to a number of European countries will sit on the group which also includes leading business figures, as well as MSPs who voted Remain and Leave.
It will examine how best to ensure Scotland manages both the risks and opportunities of its post-EU future - but as part of the UK.
Ms Davidson said in a keynote speech in London today that the First Minister has used the outcome of the EU referendum to re-ignite the campaign for Scottish independence - and pledged to thwart this.
READ MORE: Wings Over Scotland banned from Twitter
The SNP leader has said that a second referendum is "highly likely" after the Brexit vote and Scottish Government civil servants are drawing up the necessary legislation if she decides to call one.
But Ms Davidson said today: “I think the Scottish Government has got it wrong in its response to the Brexit vote.
“The First Minister tried to use the vote to create a bow wave surge for independence. It hasn't worked but I don't think the SNP will stop trying.
READ MORE: Scottish Brexit minister demands talks start immediately
“And sadly, in our judgement, the push for separation will continue to be the main priority for the SNP Government as we head into Brexit discussions – and not the best interests of Scotland and the United Kingdom.
“So while I will continue to support the Scottish Government's involvement in Brexit discussions, I am also announcing today that the Scottish Conservatives will form our own expert group to assess the risks and opportunities of Brexit for Scotland."
Gavin Hewitt, the former chief executive of the Scotch Whisky Association and, prior to that, the UK's Ambassador to Belgium, Finland and Croatia is on the group, along with Sir Iain McMillan, the former head of CBI Scotland.
It also includes Tory MSPs Adam Tomkins, who voted to Remain, and Alexander Stewart who voted to Leave.
“I will ask them to report to me on how best they believe Brexit can deliver for Scotland and – crucially - for the entire United Kingdom," Ms Davidson added.
“We believe that Scotland's interests are not served by constantly trying to pick apart the United Kingdom.
“We believe that Scotland's best interests are served by ensuring the strength and durability of the entire United Kingdom of which we are a key part.”
A spokesman for Ms Sturgeon said independence remains an option to protect Scotland's relationship with the EU.
He said: "The evidence is mounting by the day of the potentially huge damage Brexit threatens to job, investment and Scotland's economy.
"It is Ruth Davidson and her Tory colleagues who have created the problem but who also appear utterly clueless about how to fix it.
"As a start, perhaps Ms Davidson can answer the simple question that her boss the Prime Minister was unable to answer last week: does she believe the UK should continue in the single market - yes or no?
"The First Minister has made clear that we will be exploring all possible options to protect Scotland's future in Europe - and it is absolutely right that independence should be one of those options."
A security guard who shot 60-year old Jiansheng Chen in Chesapeake, Virginia last month now faces second-degree murder charges, and the security company he worked for has been fired by the Homeowner's Association at the complex where Chen was killed.
Chen was reportedly playing “Pokémon Go” — an enhanced reality game wherein users visit local landmarks to collect Pokémon and send them into battle — on the evening of January 26th when he pulled into the driveway of the clubhouse at the Riverwalk community complex less than a mile from his house. While parked in his minivan, Chen — whom family say had started playing the mobile app to better relate with his grandkids — was confronted by a vehicle driven by security guard 21-year-old Johnathan Cromwell of Virginia Beach that pulled up in front of him to block him. Chen then backed his minivan out of the Riverwalk clubhouse driveway and turned to face the street, apparently preparing to leave. That's when Cromwell reportedly got out of his car and fired several shots from a handgun, hitting Chen five times, including four times in the chest.
Chen, who was 60 years old and unarmed, died on the scene.
In the aftermath of this clearly unjustified shooting, several questions have been raised. Did Cromwell receive proper training in how to non-violently de-escalate a confrontation, particularly when engaging someone whose English language proficiency is limited and who may not be able to understand (and therefore comply with) verbal orders? Was Cromwell's rush to use lethal force influenced in any way by implicit anti-Asian bias? Was Cromwell even permitted to carry a firearm in his capacity as a private security guard?
Dispute over this latter point may underlie the announcement today that the Riverwalk Homeowner's Association (HOA) has fired the security company that sent Cromwell to patrol the complex on the night of Chen's shooting. The Riverwalk HOA says their contract explicitly calls for unarmed guards, whereas the private security company hired to patrol the community, Citywide Protection Services, says the contract they signed permitted their guards to carry guns. It is illegal in Virginia for a security guard to bring a firearm to a site that requests unarmed security patrols.
The progressive militarization of private (and public) law enforcement and public safety officers is a growing concern in America, as these officers are increasingly using lethal force to resolve even the most minor of confrontations. Riverwalk residents report that Cromwell's excessive reaction to Chen's presence at the clubhouse was part of a larger pattern of overly aggressive behaviour by Citywide Protection Services security officers in the community. Meanwhile, others have unnecessarily lost their lives to private and public security in the last several years. In 2012, self-appointed “neighbourhood watch coordinator” George Zimmerman shot and killed unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, a fellow resident at their gated community who had gone to the store for candy and a drink. Meanwhile, over a thousand people are killed annually by public law enforcement officers, according to The Guardian's The Counted; most of those victims are Black, although some such as Barry Prak, Fong Lee, Feras Morad, and Ryo Oyamada are Asian American. Indeed, although people of colour make up roughly one-quarter of America, we (and in particular Black, Latino and Native people) make up nearly half of those killed by law enforcement.
These startling statistics suggest that it's time to take a long and hard look at law enforcement culture in America. Do the people we hire to protect public safety actually fulfill their mission to serve and protect? Or, has our law enforcement's increasing embrace of military-style tactics and weapons — as well as a lack of police accountability and a general failure to challenge the implicit bias of public safety officers — undermined that public service mission when it comes to the safety of communities of colour? Again, I wonder: who watches the watchmen?
Acknowledging this problem, three Congresspersons, including Asian American Representatives Grace Meng and Bobby Scott, have come together in a joint statement calling for a law that public safety officers be required to receive comprehensive training in non-lethal de-escalation tactics. It reads in part:
We are deeply saddened over the death of Jiansheng Chen. We are also concerned about the manner and circumstances in which he lost his life. Many questions remain and need to be answered, and we call on local authorities to conduct their investigation thoroughly and expeditiously. We must know how a game of Pokémon Go turned into a fatal shooting. It is our hope that Congress will act in a bipartisan manner to ensure law enforcement personnel receive high quality, evidence-based training in non-lethal de-escalation tactics. We must continue to work together to emphasize the need for reasonable and effective polices that reflect our nation's moral obligation to keep our communities safe.
Meanwhile, Virginia's Asian American community is demanding justice for Jiansheng Chen, including creating a Facebook page and organizing street protests caught on video in the following clip.
A local resident also started a Change.org petition demanding charges be filed against Cromwell. That petition was delivered to the Chesapeake Commonwealth Attorney's Office at 4500 signatures, and currently has collected over 3000 more.
As of Monday, Citywide Protection Services says that Cromwell is still an employee at the private security company even while he faces criminal charges in Chen's death.
There have been a lot of strange bombshells dropped during the FIFA corruption scandal, but this one might be weirder than Chuck Blazer having an apartment for his cats. Ireland FA chief executive John Delaney says he got paid off to not protest his team getting dumped out of 2010 World Cup qualifying.
John Delaney confirms that FIFA paid FAI €5 million in 2009 after the Thierry Henry handball so they wouldn't proceed with a legal case. — Daniel McDonnell (@McDonnellDan) June 4, 2015
There are a lot of things wrong with this.
First of all, Ireland were really huge babies about what happened. It sucked to lose on not only one bad call, but a series of them -- Thierry Henry was offside, then handballed twice, before assisting France's winning goal in the World Cup qualifying playoff -- but their reaction was insane. They claimed that FIFA had a moral obligation to grant them a replay, as if they were the first team to ever lose a big game due to a terrible error by officials. They'd start a legal case over that? It doesn't make any sense.
So maybe they thought the official had been paid off, and the match was fixed. If that was the case, Martin Hansson -- who has never been seriously accused of any wrongdoing -- would have been the worst match-fixing referee ever. If you're trying to fix a game, you give a penalty on a 50-50 challenge, which legitimate referees screw up on a weekly basis. You don't wait for a handball, after which Henry still had to control the ball and make a pass, and William Gallas still had to finish.
Also, why would Delaney admit this? He's not under investigation for corruption as far as we know, but he might be after admitting this in public. Why would someone who still runs his country's football association admit to taking a bribe in order to stop fighting for what he thought was fair? What is he thinking?
It's also incredible that FIFA would do this considering that the game didn't play out like you would expect if it were fixed, and even if it was, it's unlikely that FIFA executives would do the fixing themselves. They just had so much money and so little time for dissenters that they were willing to write a €5 million check just to get someone to shut up. Oliver Kay summed it up nicely.
That Fifa/FAI compensation story was long rumoured. I never believed it. Didn't think Fifa stupid enough to set that precedent. I was wrong. — Oliver Kay (@OliverKayTimes) June 4, 2015
The lesson: almost everyone who attains a high level position in the world of international soccer is almost as stupid as they are corrupt.
This article is over 1 year old
Corporate leaders join the resistance
The creators of chocolate bars, pencils and sensible trousers joined Trump opponents this week.
After Trump issued an executive order undercutting Barack Obama's 2015 clean power plan on Wednesday, major companies including Mars Inc, Staples, Levis Strauss and Gap Inc came forward to criticize Donald Trump's climate agenda.
While Trump says rolling back climate regulations will bring back coal jobs and spur job growth in the fossil fuel industry, some of America's largest companies aren't convinced. “We believe that investing in a low-carbon economy will not only help foster a healthier environment, it is also a key to unlocking new business growth potential for the US and around the world,” a Gap spokesperson told the Guardian.
Read more about the companies resisting Trump here.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Not going to sugar coat it. Photograph: Lex van Lieshout/EPA
A number of companies have said they will continue to abide by Obama's plans anyway – something of a thumb in the eye for the new president.
As an aside: Mars Inc produces Skittles, the popular candy that got Donald Trump the Younger in trouble last year.
Up next in the resistance
Bernie Sanders will headline a gathering of thousands of progressive activists in Chicago in June.
People's Summit 2.0, organized by a range of groups including Our Revolution, People for Bernie and National Nurses United, will feature speakers like Sanders along with workshops on things like training to run for office and non-violent direct action. Michael Moore, Linda Sarsour and Bill McKibben are also expected to attend.
The Guardian was at the inaugural People's Summit last year.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest You heard. Photograph: Alex Wong/Getty Images
Don't fall for it
Activists have been warned not to donate to fundraising campaigns that say they will publish members of Congress' internet search history.
A number of GoFundMe campaigns sprung up after the House of Representatives voted to allow internet service providers to sell customers' browsing data, sparking outrage over privacy concerns. The humorous campaigns aimed to purchase, then make public, individual politicians' browser history. One such campaign raised over $190,000 in contributions.
But a number of tech experts have pointed out that exposing individual politicians data isn't actually possible.
Picture of the week
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of the banners available for loan in Chicago. Photograph: Courtesy of Aram Han Sifuentes
Artist Aram Han Sifuentes has created a “protest banner lending library” in Chicago. She's created 60 different cloth banners, which are on display at the Chicago cultural center, and they're all available to loan. Han Sifuentes told the Guardian she wanted to create something other people can use at demonstrations and rallies.
Hashtag of the week
The tag #blackwomenatwork sprung up after Fox News host Bill O'Reilly mocked Rep Maxine Waters , accusing the congresswoman of wearing a “James Brown wig”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest But what about his hair? Photograph: AP
Activist Brittany Packnett encouraged women to share their experience of being criticized at work.
Teresa JamesRobinson (@DeltaDiva1971) Visitor: "Can I speak to the principal?" Me:"I am the principal." #BlackWomenAtWork
Nicole20Pearls (@PrettyGirl1170) #BlackWomenAtWork Client asked to speak to a manager. I said that was me. So she asked to speak to the owner. I said that would also be ME.
What we're reading
• “I am an Arctic researcher,” writes Victoria Herrmann. “Donald Trump is deleting my citations.” Read her – rather scary – piece here.
• Meet “the activist Bonnie and Clyde” – a young couple spearheading the resistance movement in Portland, Oregon.
•The way for Democrats to win back the key, Trump-voting demographic of white males without a college education, “is to remind them, every day, that Trump has forgotten them”, Timothy Egan writes in the New York Times.
If there was ever evidence that Facebook wants to take YouTube down, it's with the report that the company has offered the music industry a boatload of money for music licenses so that its users can use popular music on their videos without legal repercussions. Ever since Facebook video launched in 2015, the social network has been gunning for YouTube and has become surprisingly competitive in short time, but this could be the issue that finally puts some separation between the two.
To be sure, there's no love lost between the recorded music industry and YouTube. The video service has been intransigent about its 55/45 split (the copyright holder gets 55% of ad revenue), and since the revenue is based on paid adverts, there are many factors that go into a monetized video view (e.g., type of advertiser, time of year, length of view time, etc.) that aren't necessarily favorable for royalty generation. Average per view revenue has been decreasing every year, while record labels spend greater and greater resources tracking down and attempting to monetize unauthorized user generated content.
Facebook video has been slow off the mark monetizing videos as well, as it still doesn't have a similar tool to YouTube's Content ID that tracks down illegally used songs on user videos. The company has taken a big step forward to assuage that problem by offering what has been reported as "hundreds of millions of dollars" to license music from the music industry. The IFPI states that a total of $553 million was generated by user video content in 2016 (there's a big discrepancy here in that YouTube says that it paid out of $1 billion by itself), so the possibility of a big payout in this area is naturally enticing. It took YouTube some 10 years to grow to that figure and it doesn't look like it will grow in leaps and bounds anytime soon, so having Facebook in the game has to be exciting music execs everywhere.
That being said, Content ID is the tool that makes YouTube monetization go, giving the copyright holder with the ability to first find illegally used audio content, then providing the means to either have it taken down or monetized. Facebook must have it's own (and hopefully better) version in order to appease the music powers that be, but it has recently taken steps in that direction by acquiring the copyright identification platform Source3, which could provide the underlying technology for its version of the tool.
Still, Facebook at least on the surface appears to be much friendlier to the music business than Youtube, and founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has already told investors how important video and music is to the growth of the platform. The company has followed that up with hiring a number of solid executives dedicated to music licensing and has announced that it's formulating a comprehensive music strategy.
Of great concern to Google (YouTube's owner) is that YouTube music has seemed to plateau in recent months, as more and more people have found subscribing to a streaming service to be much more convenient for music discovery than having to search for the song they want within the video service. To be sure, YouTube is still a leader in music discovery, which the industry holds as dearly valuable, but it doesn't seem to be quite the musical juggernaut of a few years ago.
With Facebook at over 2 billion users and still growing, it wouldn't take much to have music video leadership swing its way. The company has a history of successful operational strategy while Google's has been spotty at best. The music industry would love to see another big source of licensing revenue and that's exactly what Facebook is now dangling. YouTube's trying to talk a good game, but no one is buying it, while Facebook is proving itself with actions and cash. That's a powerful combination in any negotiation.
Today I have the privilege to have Michael R. Fletcher, author of Beyond Redemption, visit my humble blog for a guest post.
Don't forget to check out Michael's other awesome guest posts at Beauty in Ruins, mightythorjrs and Bookwraiths.
Santa and Fantasy
My five year old daughter recently lost her first tooth. She was very excited at the prospect of a visitation by the Tooth Fairy and asked many intelligent questions. How will the Tooth Fairy get in when the door is locked? Does she come through the window? How big is she? Can she carry the tooth if she's really small?
My wife—who grew up without Santa, the Easter Bunny, or the Tooth Fairy—let me field the questions. As I answered I began to question what I was doing.
Why was I lying to her? How would she feel when she learned the truth? Why do we do this, why do will fill our children with tales of magic and wonder that we ourselves don't believe?
On top of that there's my close friend, [REDACTED]. He's the first person to read everything I write and is in fact the guy I write for. His feedback has shaped my novels and stories for many years. Even though he' in his 40s, he's still pissed at his parents for lying about Santa. He's probably just a crazy outlier, but I have trouble ignoring him.
I glanced at my wife (she's gorgeous, I spend a fair amount of time looking at her) and it occurred to me how different we are. I love escapist literature—fantasy and science-fiction in particular—and she does not. She finds it strange, has trouble suspending disbelief when she sees how unrealistic it is. Look at Beyond Redemption where people's delusions manifest as reality; that's crazy! It's so ridiculously unrealistic that she finds it difficult to read.
Why is that?
Where I grew up in a world where Santa and his ilk were all very real, she did not. She knew it was her father who brought the presents on Christmas. Where I awoke once a year to find chocolate hidden about the house (and would still be finding those chocolates hidden a little too well months later), she did not. There was never an Easter Bunny. No one collected her teeth and left money under the pillow.
Where my parents read Lord of the Rings to me as a young child, hers did not.
How much did these differences shape the adults we became?
My employment history looks like the random wanderings of a schizophrenic. I've flipped burgers, been a short-order cook at a pub, hung out the window of a Cessna at one thousand feet doing aerial photography. I've done front-of-house sound for over ten thousand bands, and Produced, recorded, mixed, and mastered countless albums. I ran a mobile recording studio, worked in another as an in-house engineer, and played guitar in a gothic metal band. I've written web content for lawyers, boutique butcheries, corporate coaches, software companies, and multi-national engineering and manufacturing firms. I've been employed, unemployed, self-employed, and self-unemployed. I went to university to study philosophy and dropped out after a year and a half to drop acid, smoke pot, and drink beer. I went to college to study audio-engineering and dropped out just before graduation because I'd landed a regular gig mixing bands for $50 a night. I wrote 70,000 words of a fantasy novel back in the mid 90s and gave up with no real reason. I also wrote several short stories and did nothing with them. Twenty years later I rewrote one (Intellectual Property) and sold it to Interzone in the UK. I grew up being told I could be whatever I wanted, though my parents neglected to mention how much work was involved and I'm a little slow.
My wife went to college to become a pharmacy technician, graduated with honours, and became a pharmacy technician. As a child she learned the importance of a good income and wise investments (she'd purchased a condo before we even met). She is why we own a house. She is why I can bash away at this mad dream of being a writer.
That night as we put our daughter's tooth under the pillow and I explained how the Tooth Fairy's magic worked, I wondered what I was doing to my child. I don't pretend that what kind of person she turns out to be is up to me, but I suspect I have some influence. I know she will do and be whatever she wants. Maybe she'll pursue the arts but do it far more intelligently than I. Whatever choice she makes I will back her with all my heart.
That said, what kind of person do I want her to be?
Knowing my own struggles and the difficulties one faces when choosing a non-standard life-path—and let's pretend it was a choice rather than a meandering path I stumbled along while fleeing responsibility—I hesitate to promote that to my daughter. Would she not be better off with regular employment and a reliable source of income? I want her to know security. I want her to be able to vacation in the tropics instead of Brantford. I want her to know a stability I never had.
But then I wonder, would I be happy with an office job? Could I even keep one? Do I really give a shit that all-inclusive vacations at five-star resorts are usually beyond my means? How much do I love daydreaming and writing? Would I be willing to give all this up?
Back I come to the Tooth Fairy and Santa. My daughter flat out asked me if the Tooth Fairy was real. I stalled and distracted her. I'm not sure I can lie and yet I want her to have some magic in her life. Even if I don't believe in magic, I love the idea; I miss it.
What would you do? What do you tell your children? Is magic and fantasy an important part of childhood? Do your small children believe in Santa? If your five year old asks for the truth, what will you say?
About Michael R. Fletcher:
Michael R. Fletcher is a science fiction and fantasy author. His novel, Beyond Redemption, a work of dark fantasy and rampant delusion, was published by HARPER Voyager in 2015.
His début novel, 88, a cyberpunk tale about harvesting children for their brains, was released by Five Rivers Publishing in 2013.
The next two Manifest Delusions novels, The Mirror's Truth, and The All Consuming, are currently in various stages of editing while Michael tries to be the best husband and dad he can be.
Michael is represented by Cameron McClure of the Donald Maass Literary Agency.
About Beyond Redemption:
Faith shapes the landscape, defines the laws of physics, and makes a mockery of truth. Common knowledge isn't an axiom, it's a force of nature. What the masses believe is. But insanity is a weapon, conviction a shield. Delusions give birth to foul new gods.
Violent and dark, the world is filled with the Geisteskranken—men and women whose delusions manifest, twisting reality. High Priest Konig seeks to create order from chaos. He defines the beliefs of his followers, leading their faith to one end: a young boy, Morgen, must Ascend to become a god. A god they can control.
But there are many who would see this would-be-god in their thrall, including the High Priest's own Doppels, and a Slaver no one can resist. Three reprobates—The Greatest Swordsman in the World, a murderous Kleptic, and possibly the only sane man left—have their own nefarious plans for the young god.
As these forces converge on the boy, there's one more obstacle: time is running out. When one's delusions become more powerful, they become harder to control. The fate of the Geisteskranken is to inevitably find oneself in the Afterdeath. The question, then, is:
Who will rule there?
ST. PETERSBURG — The city's efforts to turn the Skyway Marina District into a commercial and retail destination just got a big boost: The Getaway, a popular waterfront restaurant on Gandy Boulevard, plans to open a second waterfront location in the district near the Sunshine Skyway bridge.
The Getaway's owners hope the new bar and restaurant will be open by Thanksgiving in a former boat showroom at Maximo Marina at 4801 37th St. S, which is undergoing a $20 million renovation.
The second Getaway will cost more than $1 million, said co-owner Scott Tashkin, and will be 12,000 to 13,000 square feet.
The Maximo Marina location is right for a new Getaway, he said.
"It's such a great, well-known waterfront location," Tashkin said.
He said the renovated marina is an ideal location since the Getaway is "dependent on the waterfront and being a boat-up restaurant, when the opportunity came to us, it was really what we were looking for."
He added: "It's going to be a beautiful facility."
The announcement was welcome news for the 3-year-old Skyway Marina District, which serves St. Petersburg's southernmost neighborhoods such as Broadwater, Maximo Moorings, Pinellas Point and Lakewood Estates.
The marina renovation is just one piece of the emerging Skyway Marina District. A new Publix opened in December and Tampa-based Phillips Development & Realty will build a $70 million mixed-use project on land once owned by Home Depot.
Residents have been clamoring for development, especially shops and restaurants. The city has offered a $50,000 incentive to the first new sit-down restaurant in the district, which runs primarily along 34th Street S, from 30th Avenue to 54th Avenue.
Tom Ando, president of the Broadwater Civic Association, welcomed the news. If the Getaway can succeed in the Skyway Marina District, he said, it could attract more development.
"It gives people a waterside location and a local place to getaway," Ando said. "It's a positive thing for our area. I think if it's successful, others will see the potential."
City Council member Steve Kornell, who began working with residents to revitalize the area in 2009, was also pleased by the Getaway's plans but said the district needs more dining options.
"It's exciting. It's nice to see it happen," Kornell said. "Restaurants were the No. 1 thing I heard from people. For one thing, there's still not enough. Nobody wants to go to the same place every single night and that's not to take away from any other restaurant that's there. There just needs to be some choices, all within the same neighborhood."
Gary Jones, a senior planner in the city's economic development department, said the new Getaway could be eligible for the $50,000 incentive. To qualify, he said, the restaurant would have to be full-service, open for lunch and dinner seven days a week, have a minimum of 5,000 square feet and offer a full liquor bar.
"If they meet those qualifications, I don't see any reason they wouldn't be eligible for the $50,000 restaurant incentive," Jones said.
The new Getaway will employ 30 to 40 people, said Tashkin, who owns the restaurant with managing partner Dave Burton. Tashkin's wife, Karina, runs the day-to-day operations at the restaurant at 13090 Gandy Blvd. N, which he said serves about 2,000 people on weekends.
The new Skyway Marina District restaurant will be a little smaller in size and include features such as a patio area, a dock bar, decks and, unlike the original Getaway, indoor seating.
"The indoor portion really is going to be able to be open to the outdoors, through bifolding doors," Tashkin said, adding that the restaurant will also offer live music.
"It's beautiful down there," he said of the new location. "I hope the area will support it and welcome it."
Kornell thinks they will.
"It's a place that people who live in Broadwater and Maximo Moorings can walk to and have dinner," he said, adding that he's long said the area is a good place for business. "Having businesses move in speaks a lot louder than words."
Contact Waveney Ann Moore at [email protected] or (727) 892-2283. Follow @wmooretimes.
OUTLAND SYNTHWAVE EVENTS hosts it's inaugural Synthwave | Outrun | Retro 80s | Sci-fi party extravaganza at The Grand in London on Friday 29 September 2017 - 7pm to 2am.
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀
WATCH DRIVE ON LONDON'S BIGGEST SCREEN ★ LIVE MUSIC AND DJS WITH HUGE SOUND ★ SYNTHWAVE SHOWCASE ★ RETRO SHOPPING AND MERCH ★ GIVEAWAYS ★ RETRO COCKTAILS ★ AUDIO VISUAL SPECTACULAR ★ SCI -FI COSPLAY WELCOME!
Special Presale Tickets [100 limited until 30 June 2017] - £15
Standard Tickets - £20
Standard 4for3 Special (advance only) - £60 (£15 each)
VIP Booth Tickets [4 limited, seats 6] - £150* SOLD OUT
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ WHAT'S ON:
In time with the release of Bladerunner2049, we were desperate to screen the original with it's Vangelis synthwave soundtrack, but that's not been possible due to regulations. This however will not stop us from decking out The Grand like it's dystopian Los Angeles 2019, as you boogie to your favourite synth sounds, while boozing Deckard's famous cocktail amidst the likes of neon lights, lazer shows, confetti cannons and much more mayhem.
Instead we're screening the LA pulp synthwave thriller Drive , the best cult film of the decade - so put on your Power Glove, your favourite Outrun or sci-fi outfit and dance to the best synthwave soundtrack afterwards with everything from Kavinsky to College and Electric Youth (Official) , DESIRE and Cliff Martinez. Who knows, we may even have a prize GIVEAWAY for best dressed.
Besides the best synthwave talent from Germany, Netherlands, France and the UK playing live, we also have something special to showcase. GUNSHIP is arguably the UK's top synthwave act and will sadly not be performing at OUTLAND, but we will be running a showcase of their BEST tracks on our HUGE 24FT screen - A MOMENT IN TIME, WITH GUNSHIP - a unique Outland London 2017 - Live Synthwave, DJs & Film audio/visual experience!
Do you like the sounds of Netflix series Stranger Things as well as Bladerunner? We have that covered all night long while we spin GUNSHIP , Power Glove , Com Truise , Lazerhawk , Carpenter Brut , New Arcades , CHROMATICS , Futurecop! , Trevor Something , The Midnight , Robert Parker , Droid Bishop , Stellar Dreams , mitch murder , New Arcades , Stilz , Maethelvin , Miami Nights 1984 , Nightcrawler Music , Futurecop! , The Terminator , Blade Runner 2049 , Vangelis and all things synth.
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ PLAYING LIVE:
Timecop1983 travels all the way from Eindhoven in the Netherlands, and will be showcasing his amazing Synthwave & Dreamwave tunes made with a combination of vintage and modern gear. Get lost in Timecop1983's world of 80's sci-fi lovers, visions and lost dimensions.
Neon Lines returns to London this year from Strasbourg, France. This 5-piece band is ready to transport you with their powerful sound, charismatic vocals and haunting melodies floating ontop of dreamwave electro-pop arrangements.
German synth pop singer and songwriter NINA will be playing live on stage at OUTLAND this year. NINA's sublime synth sound will enchant and transport you to new levels of cool…NINA has been wowing audiences across the country and Europe as well as making massive in roads on iTunes UK & France, Shazam charts, Ministry Of Sound DJ playlists and TV advertisements.
We've lured 80sSTALLONE out from hiding - This synthwave legend started uploading tracks on Myspace in 2008, being one of the pioneers of the scene along with Miami Nights 1984, Lazerhawk and Mitch Murder. Through many evolutions of the synthwave sound, he's always stayed relevant and totally 80s. There's some mystique in his character but for the first time ever, you get to hear and see the man behind the avatar.
British music producer and DJ Sunglasses Kid will be showing off his super brand of retro 80s party dance - a mix of vocal driven pop and romantic electronic instrumentals, influenced by the movies and fashion of the late 80s and early 90s. Be sure to hit the dancefloor when this guy starts spinning!
If that's not enough, you can enjoy limited edition Retro Cocktails while you shop for retro 80's gadgets and fashion, as well as all the synthwave band and artist merchandise you can get your hands on. Join us for arguably the UK's biggest synthwave party in the biggest venue to date.
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀TRANSPORT
Clapham Junction Station is right opposite the venue and it's the busiest train station in the SW so you'll have no problem getting there. Last train to Waterloo is at 01.00am or if you prefer to stay to the end, just catch the 35 or 37 buses straight to Clapham Common and transfer to the 24hr Northern Line to get back to Central/NE London.
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ACCOMMODATION
If you are travelling from outside London or even the UK, and require a place to stay the night, look no further than Clapham Junction Travelodge. There are also plenty AirBnB's about. Please note: In the unforseen circumstance of event cancellation, the organizers do not take responsibility for refunds of accommodation - please make sure you have been provided in advance with options for refunds on your accommodation plans.
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀SAFETY & SECURITY
The campaign to unite the Progressive Conservative and Wildrose parties has entered its final week with a flurry of rallies, a host of last-minute logistical arrangements and some indications of potential fault lines in an upcoming leadership race.
Voting begins Thursday among Tories, who will cast their ballots either by telephone or online over three days to decide whether to join with the Wildrose to form a new United Conservative Party.
While PC Leader Jason Kenney said the Tories had more than 50,000 members after last week's cut-off for membership sales, midnight Tuesday was the deadline for party members to register to vote, after which they will receive a PIN allowing them to cast their ballot.
PC acting executive director Janice Harrington said party staff were working furiously Monday to ensure Tories would be able to vote.
“We anticipated all this process would be part of it. What we didn't anticipate was the massive amount of new members we got in the last week. We're just dealing with volume right now,” she said.
Harrington said the party's membership form web page appeared to come under a cyberattack on the weekend. While no personal information of members was at risk, the site was temporarily disrupted.
The party's 2017 leadership election was organized as a delegated convention but the leadership vote prior, in 2014, was marred by problems with its telephone voting system. Harrington said the party is using a different supplier and anticipates few bumps in the voting from July 20 to 22.
One question however is what voter turnout will be. While unity advocates have pointed to membership sales as a positive sign for the deal's approval, Harrington acknowledged most previous PC votes had turnout at around 50 per cent of actual membership figures.
While the deal to unite unveiled by Kenney and Wildrose Leader Brian Jean in May needs only a simple majority to be approved by PC members, Wildrose requires 75 per cent approval among members attending or participating remotely in a special meeting in Red Deer on Saturday.
Its membership is pegged at over 43,000. Wildrose and Tories can each hold memberships in the other party and there is no information on how much overlap there is between the two.
Jean is spending the final week holding unity rallies over successive days in Lethbridge County, Calgary, Innisfail, Edmonton and Westlock. Kenney, after hosting a recent series of town halls, is focused on get-out-the-vote efforts this week.
Both Jean and Kenney have indicated they will run for the new UCP's leadership if the party goes ahead, while Calgary lawyer Doug Schweitzer is also campaigning.
Jean stirred the pot in the upcoming leadership race when he told Postmedia last week that there is no appetite for an ideological “hard right” government in Alberta, casting himself as a “common sense conservative” who would not make radical budget cuts.
The comments spurred a social media reaction last week from rival camps suggesting Jean was offering up watered-down conservatism or playing nice to the left, though Kenney declined to comment Monday.
Related
But Wildrose MLA Derek Fildebrandt, who is inching toward his own run for the leadership, said Monday no one is disputing the need for the new party to be practical.
“But it would be a foundational error if we thought this party should not be guided by some very clear and strong principles,” he said.
“Alberta has not had a hard-right government in recent memory.”
Jean, who will be in Calgary on Tuesday, also declined to comment Monday
jwood@postmedia.com
The plastic is broken up into more than 5 trillion pieces, said the study published Wednesday in the scientific journal PLOS ONE.
The paper is the latest in a nascent field where scientists are trying to better understand how much of the synthetic material is entering the oceans and how it's affecting fish, seabirds and the larger marine ecosystem.
The study's lead author is Markus Eriksen of the 5 Gyres Institute, an organization that aims to reduce plastic in the oceans.
To gather data, researchers dragged a fine mesh net at the sea surface to gather small pieces. Observers on boats counted larger items. They used computer models to calculate estimates for tracts of ocean not surveyed.
The study only measured plastic floating at the surface. Plastic on the ocean floor wasn't included.
Bits greater than about 8 inches accounted for three-quarters of the plastic that the research estimated is in the ocean.
Kara Lavender Law of the Sea Education Association in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, who wasn't involved in the study, said the researchers gathered data in areas where scientists currently don't have measurements for floating plastic debris, including the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean near Antarctica and the South Atlantic.
In addition, the study's estimate for tiny plastic bits less than one-fifth of an inch — about 35,540 tons — is comparable to an earlier study by researchers in Spain who used different methodology, Law said. That study estimated there was 7,000 to 35,000 tons of plastics this size floating in the ocean.
It's encouraging that two different approaches came up with such similar answers, given how difficult it is to measure plastic in the ocean, she said.
Studying the amount of plastic in the ocean will help scientists understand how the material will affect the environment and potentially the food chain.
For example, Law said, we might eat tuna that has ingested another fish that has eaten plastic that has in turn eaten another fish with plastic. These plastics could potentially have toxic chemicals.
“Am I being poisoned by eating the fish on my plate?” she asked. “We have very little knowledge of the chain of events that could lead to that. But it's a plausible scenario that plastic ingested at lower levels of the food web could have consequences at higher levels of the food chain.”
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Guys, calm down, OF COURSE we are also releasing the Definitive Edition on STEAM as wellIt'll be available on March 11th for Xbox One, Windows 10 and STEAM. And if you already bought the original version of Ori and the Blind Forest on any platform, you'll be able to buy this version for a small upgrade fee.To clear up why there's a DE exactly a year after the original release, it's simple: We god tons of mails about making DLC. So we thought that might be a cool option, but Ori being a Metroidvania, it didn't feel right to just add more levels in a separate menu item. No, instead we thought it'd be great to enhance the world, add more abilities and story and add the new DLC content directly within the world you've already played through. Because of that, you can play through the game in new ways, since you'll gain new abilities and extras that you can then make use of in the rest of the game - We felt that that was a much better way of doing DLC than just making a separate pack with more stuff that wasn't connected to the original game in any wayI'm excited we're getting so close and that you guys can check out what we did - We just also put almost an hour of making of content into the game, so for people who're excited to learn more about our prototyping process, ideas we had, etc., there's just a lot of stuff in thereAlso, since we constantly get asked about a retail release and merchandise (plushies, shirts, statues, etc.), we'll have news about that soon as well. Nothing's set in stone just yet, but we're trying to make it all work. We're super humbled by how you guys responded to Ori, so I hope with this release and the stuff we have planned we'll make you all happy!
In James Mattis, President Donald Trump would get a defense secretary beloved by his troops and respected by his peers, a man as comfortable with books as he is with bombs, and most important, a man who would not hesitate telling the president the truth.
Those are the opinions of Tampa-area men who served under Mattis, 66, a retired Marine general and former commander of U.S. Central Command who interviewed with Trump during the weekend for the top job in the Department of Defense. Mattis, who declined to comment for this story, was widely popular during his time in Tampa, where he was stationed at MacDill Air Force Base from 2010 until he retired in 2013, soon after speaking his mind to President Barack Obama about Iran.
"Jim Mattis is a plain-spoken, up-front guy who would never tell his boss what he wanted to hear, but rather will give him the unvarnished truth," said Mike Jones of Tampa, a retired Army major general who was Mattis' chief of staff at CentCom from 2010 to 2011.
"He truly is a warrior monk, smart and well-read," said Mark Clark of Apollo Beach, a retired Marine major general and former head of Marine Special Operations Command, who served under Mattis in Afghanistan. "He is no-nonsense, common sense, cuts through the crap and does the right thing."
Mattis "was a tremendous leader who cared about his people," said T.G. Taylor of Tampa, a retired Army lieutenant colonel who served as Mattis' press officer from 2011 to 2013. "He was open and honest with the press, and sometimes that may have gotten him in a little trouble inside the Beltway."
All three see Mattis as an excellent choice to run the Pentagon.
Still, for that to happen, Mattis would need not only confirmation by the Senate Armed Services Committee but a waiver from Congress, because law requires any nominee from the military to be retired for seven years. The last defense secretary granted such a waiver was George C. Marshall, a retired five-star general who took the job in 1950 at the behest of President Harry Truman.
• • •
He is known by various nicknames. Mad Dog. Chaos. The Warrior Monk.
Jim Mattis spent 43 years in a Marine uniform, the last several as a four-star commander. He started as a rifle platoon leader and ended up commanding U.S. forces in the Middle East during a tumultuous two years.
The Arab Spring uprisings across the Middle East, which brought down leaders in Egypt and Yemen, began to spread in 2010. The Syrian civil war began as a series of peaceful protests in March 2011 and quickly devolved into civil war. The United States withdrew forces from Iraq in 2011, and by the time Mattis retired, it was beginning the drawdown in Afghanistan. All happened while Iran remained a dangerous influence in the 20-nation CentCom region that also includes nuclear-armed Pakistan and the Gulf States.
As the U.S. military's point man in this volatile region, Mattis had as his biggest challenge "keeping things in balance," said Jones, the retired Army major general, who credits his boss' success to three main factors.
"He is one of those guys who are a strategic thinker," Jones said. "At the same time, he never lost touch with the young Marines, soldiers, sailors or airmen out there."
The second factor, said Jones, is that Mattis is a "deep thinker. He could just as easily give you an example from the Peloponnesian War to make a point that the challenges we faced were not all that new in terms of human experience."
Third, Mattis is "crystal clear" in his directions to his subordinates and does not mince words with his bosses.
"I would tell guys that if you left his office and did not know exactly what he wanted, then you weren't listening," Jones said. When it came to his bosses, "Mattis was not interested in telling folks what they wanted to hear, but to give his best military advice, which is what he did every time I was around him."
Clark, the retired Marine, was a lieutenant colonel in charge of a commando task force at the beginning of the war in Afghanistan when Mattis appeared as one of the first senior leaders on the scene. He saw first-hand Mattis' operational skills on the battlefield.
"What really spoke to his leadership was fighting this new kind of war, and he was put in charge of a task force that had a lot of different parts thrown together without a lot of time to train," Clark said.
There were different nations. Conventional troops and commandos. But Mattis "built them into a cohesive unit," Clark said. "He brought everyone together and made them feel like a team."
• • •
Over the years, Mattis burnished his reputation as a "Marine's Marine" with blunt quotes like this one: "Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everybody you meet."
But that kind of direct talk to his superiors while he served as CentCom commander ruffled feathers in Washington, said Taylor, Mattis' former spokesman.
"Mattis was vocal about the malign influence of Iran in the region," Taylor said. "That was not a very popular thing to talk about" while the Obama administration was trying to iron out a nuclear weapons deal with Iran.
"There was a ton of pushback" from the White House, which Taylor said frequently expressed its displeasure. The tensions were so high that the command often "went dark" said Taylor, declining to speak with the media.
When things get tough, Taylor said, his old boss is the guy you want as defense secretary.
"If you are looking for a secretary of defense who is a war fighter, you couldn't pick a better person," said Taylor. "Because he understands war fighting."
Marine Gunnery Sgt. Peter Nolan knows well the affinity Mattis has for his troops. In 2003, as part of the Iraq invasion force under Mattis, Nolan received a battlefield promotion from lance corporal to corporal, approved by Mattis. Years later, at a CentCom function, Nolan approached Mattis and mentioned that he knew the signature on his promotion wasn't really from Mattis. The following Monday, Mattis called Nolan into his office and signed his promotion, adding a short note.
"I thought it was pretty cool that after celebrating with his Marines, he remembered our conversation and sought me out," said Nolan, now serving with the 4th Assault Amphibious Battalion, stationed off Gandy Boulevard.
U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis, the Palm Harbor Republican, said he would support granting Mattis the required retirement time-limit waiver to be defense secretary.
"As our nation faces threats of terrorism, cyberattacks and more, the next secretary of defense will have a pivotal role in shaping a safer world," Bilirakis said in a statement to the Tampa Bay Times.
"We need a focused leader who will keep Americans safe and strengthen ties with our allies abroad. Gen. Mattis undoubtedly fits that bill."
Contact Howard Altman at [email protected] or (813) 225-3112. Follow @haltman.
Sony's latest flagship Android phone is an absolute powerhouse with a great camera and screen, though its large size creates a serious tradeoff in usability
Sony's Xperia Z2 is an update to the Z1, its flagship released just six months ago. It's slimmer, lighter and stretches the screen all while adding 4K video capture.
The Sony Xperia Z2 is quite clearly what its predecessor should have been the first time round. It's also Sony's latest weapon in its war with Apple, Samsung and HTC - more the latter than the former two, as its phone sales put it third in the UK in 2013 with an 11% market share, trailing Samsung with 37% and Apple with 22%, but ahead of HTC's 5%, according to data from research firm IDC.
Monolithic design
Sony has stuck to its “omni-balance” design for the Xperia Z2, with a front and back slabs of glass surrounded by aluminium edging. It looks simple and well-designed and feels solid in the hand.
There are clear elements of design pulled from Sony's other products such the multi-coloured LED-strip notification light on the top, reminiscent of the PS4's controller, and the slab-like design, pulled straight from Sony's TVs.
The screen and back glass plates are sunk into the aluminium edging, keeping them off the deck when laid flat on a table. The texturised metal overhang also provides a slightly sharp ridge that makes the Xperia Z2 much less slippery to hold than its predecessor and some other glass-clad smartphones such as the LG-made Google Nexus 4.
Sony Xperia Z2 review Photograph: Sony
All of Sony's high-end smartphones and tablets have been waterproof for the past couple of years and the Xperia Z2 is no exception. Its IP 68 rating means it will resist a 1.5m submersion for up to 30 minutes, rather than simply immersion to 1m like the competing Samsung Galaxy S5, but that comes with some design compromises.
While the headphones port is open, the micro-USB charging port and the microSD and micro-SIM slots are protected by rubber-sealed doors. The gaskets fit snugly, but charging the device every night will inevitably lead to wear and a break of the seal over the lifetime of the phone. Opening the door and plugging in the connector is also quite fiddly - but the Z2 has Sony's magnetic charging port, for those that want to avoid having to hook up the phone via micro-USB each night. You can slot the phone into a charging dock, removing the need to fiddle with the door - but you have to buy it separately.
Sony Xperia Z2 review Photograph: Samuel Gibbs/The Guardian
Screen: big, bright and bold
The Xperia Z2 has the largest screen of the big new three flagship smartphones. Its 5.2in size means the device is very wide indeed – a good 5mm wider than the HTC One M8 for instance – which makes holding on to the Z2 and reaching its entire screen area with the same hand a challenge. I found it just a bit too big for comfortable use, which its blocky, monolithic design exacerbates.
If you're looking to upgrade from an iPhone 4S or Samsung Galaxy S2 or 3 after a two-year contract, the Z2 will feel gargantuan. But the same could be said for the majority of the flagship smartphones available today.
Sony Xperia Z2 review – a stretch to hold one-handed. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs/The Guardian
Forgetting its sheer size, the Z2's screen is fantastic. It has very wide viewing angles, the colours are crisp and rich, and it's sharp and accurate, making text easy on the eyes. The details and colours in videos and photos look especially good. The gap between the glass cover and the display beneath is also very thin, making the screen feel much closer to your fingers as you touch it - reminiscent of Apple's newest iPhones which use IPS (In-Plane Switching) touchscreens.
Sony has followed HTC's lead. The Z2 has stereo front-facing speakers bracketing the screen which are loud, clear and a big step forward - if a bit tinny compared to the HTC One M8's larger BoomSound speakers.
Specifications
Screen: 5.2in full HD IPS LCD
Processor: 2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801
RAM: 3GB of RAM
Storage: 16GB
Operating system: Android 4.4 “Kitkat”
Camera: 20.7MP rear camera, 2.2MP front-facing camera
Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.0 with BLE and GPS
Dimensions: 146.8 x 73.3 x 8.2mm
Weight: 163g
Powerful with a massive battery
The Sony Xperia Z2 uses the same chip from Qualcomm (the Snapdragon 801) as the Samsung Galaxy S5 and HTC One M8 making it just as quick.
That means the Z2 is powerful, fast and lag-free, with graphically intensive games running smoothly and apps launching almost instantly. It is also relatively light on the battery: I found it lasted a good day and half on a single charge under heavy usage without activating any of the power-saving modes.
Sony Xperia Z2 review Photograph: Sony
The large 3,200 milliampere-hour (mAh) battery – 400mAh more than the Galaxy S5 and over twice the size of the iPhone 5S's 1,570mAh battery – can be extended much further. When you activate Sony's Stamina mode, a battery that's 50% full will provide an estimated three days life by freezing background apps and turning off Wi-Fi and mobile data when the screen is off. A separate "low battery" mode is also available which will turn power-hungry features off to eke out even more time once the battery charge is below 20%.
Sony's power saving modes aren't quite as aggressive as HTC's or Samsung's new super-low power modes, which limit what the smartphone can do and turn the display to black and white for instance.
For the storage-minded, the Z2 also has a microSD card slot for adding up to 64GB more storage for movies, photos and music.
Attractive, useful tweaks
Sony makes some subtle customisations to the standard Android experience on all of its devices. While most are cosmetic, the small functional tweaks are almost uniformly useful. There aren't unnecessary lag-inducing animations, and the overall look of the interface is clean and understated.
Sony Xperia Z2 review
Sony has integrated "theming" into its additions to Android, so the look and feel of the device can be customised way beyond simply changing the background. Menu buttons, status bar, lockscreen and lots of small interface elements can all be changed using downloadable themes. Some are improvements and some are simply hideous, but there's no accounting for taste.
One of the most useful additions has to be the Stamina mode mentioned above, which is twinned with a battery icon that can contain the battery remaining percentage within it. (Normally, the percentage figure sits beside the icon, crowding the status bar.) It is a very small thing, but makes a big difference.
Users can also adjust the status bar contents to hide unnecessary icons, while the quick settings panel under the notifications pull-down menu adds a host of useful controls for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC among other settings that canbe configured and re-ordered.
The Xperia Z2 also has an added tap-to-wake gesture - double- tap the screen to wake the device. The HTC One M8 also has this, and it's easily one of my favourite features for large screen smartphones.
Sony's apps also come preinstalled on the Z2, including the Walkman app and Sony's music and movie subscription services. They're decent, but can be safely ignored if a user already has Netflix subscription or other preferred app or service.
One app worth mentioning is Sony's Smart Connect app, which automatically puts the Z2 on silent when plugged into the mains at night – or at any other time-, hardware- or event-defined quick settings. You can define a whole host of custom actions to speed up everyday tasks such as switching from silent vibrate to a "loud" sound profile when you plug in headphones, or turning on Wi-Fi when you get to work.
Camera
The Xperia Z2's camera is one of the best available. Its 20.7-megapixel sensor might seem like overkill on a smartphone, but the images look stunning.
By default, the Z2 takes care of the settings. Simply point and shoot, using touch to focus or the dedicated shutter button using "Superior Auto" mode. Manual mode provides adjustments for a whole host of settings including the white balance, ISO, HDR and metering.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sony Xperia Z2 review - Camera apps.
Sony's also included a load of fancy camera apps that allow fun effects like background defocus (very similar to Samsung's selective focus), insert dinosaurs into a picture, or use the "Timeshift" burst mode (which captures about 30 frames per second) to capture a series of images in rapid succession before and after the user hits the shutter button to grab the best shot. (How does it know when to start capturing before you touch the button? Because it begins capturing as soon as it's activated, but only saves footage from the second before you touch the button.)
There are also boosted video camera features, including the ability to capture 4K ultra-high-definition video (though that isn't the default) and slow-motion video. Sony has also brought its SteadyShot image stabilisation technology from its camcorder range, which makes shooting handheld video on the Z2 much easier removing the shakes. For most people, 4K will be overkill (and quickly eat up storage); it's more a gimmick than a feature.
Noise cancelling
The Xperia Z2 is the first smartphone with active noise-cancelling technology integrated into its body for use with a special headset. The headset contains microphones that monitor incoming noise and send it back to the Z2, which then blends in noise cancellation to whatever is being played.
Active noise-cancelling is not a new thing, but normally it requires headsets with a bulky battery and electronics pack attached to the headphone wire. Sony has squeezed the circuitry and software into the Z2, removing the bulk that normally makes noise-cancelling earphones bulky or heavy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sony Xperia Z2 review
Because the noise cancelling control system is built into the phone, you can select an appropriate profile for the noise to block out - the options are planes, trains, buses and the office - which makes the technology much more effective. I found the office setting to be particularly effective at blocking out the hubbub of an open-plan office, much more so than most other noise-cancelling ear or headphones.
The sound quality of the included noise-cancelling earbuds has good dynamic range and solid bass. The only detractor is that they do not have an in-line music control remote, as is common on mobile phone headsets (because the auxiliary channel that would control it is used for the sound feedback); you'll have to control it on the phone. If you use other headphones which do have a mic and/or music remote, they will work as on other phones.
Pricing: like a Samsung
The Xperia Z2 costs £560 in black, white or purple without a mobile phone contract, making it £10 cheaper than the Samsung Galaxy S5, but £29 more than the Apple iPhone 5S, £39 more than the new HTC One M8 and £269 more than Google's own Nexus 5 smartphone.
Sony Xperia Z2 review Photograph: /Sony
Verdict: great phone for big hands
There is no doubt that the Sony Xperia Z2 is a great phone, and is what its short-lived predecessor the Z1 should have been.
It is powerful, packed with features and has a great-looking large screen making it a hefty upgrade from two years ago.
But that large size makes the phone a big beast. The monolithic, hard-edged design adds to the size, making it more difficult to handle one-handed than most other smaller flagship smartphones like the HTC One M8 or Google Nexus 5.
Compared with smartphones of two years ago, the Z2 is gigantic despite being thin.
If the size is not an issue (and before deciding that I recommend getting into a store and holding one for a bit) the Z2 is the complete high-end smartphone package. It's built with premium materials, capable of capturing stunning photos, powerful enough to handle anything you can throw at it and will last all day on a single charge.
It's just a shame that Sony just didn't stick with a 5in screen and concentrate on shrinking the Z2‘s overall footprint. The 5.2in screen makes the phone difficult to handle and veers dangerously into phablet territory. You could argue that the Z2 is a phablet - at least by IDC's definition, which is a phone with a screen size of 5in or more. Whether it is or not isn't important. But a smaller screen would have been better.
Pros: great screen, waterproof, powerful camera, long battery life, built-in noise cancelling, premium materials Cons: fiddly doors for ports, wide footprint makes it difficult to hold one handed, heavier than some competitors
Other phone reviews
• HTC One M8 review
• Samsung Galaxy S5 review
• Moto G review
• Google Nexus 5 review
• iPhone 5S review
4-Bromo-2,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine (2C-B) is a psychoactive analogue of mescaline that is becoming increasingly popular as a rave and club drug. We investigated its presence in the illicit drug market in Spain, its pattern of use and profile of subjective effects. Drug material was analysed for 2C-B and information on pattern of use and subjective effects was obtained from recreational users. Scores were statistically compared with previously collected data on psychostimulants (d-amphetamine), entactogens (MDMA) and psychedelics (ayahuasca and Salvia divinorum). The percentage of samples containing 2C-B doubled between 2006 and 2009, evolved from powder to tablet form and showed low falsification rates. Respondents reported taking 2C-B orally in doses of about 20 mg. Subjective effects involved perceptual modifications analogous to those observed after ayahuasca and salvia but absent after amphetamine and MDMA. Pleasure and sociability effects did not differ from those after MDMA and incapacitation was lower than for the psychedelics used as comparators. In conclusion, we found 2C-B is consistently present in the illicit drug market in Spain. While it elicits perceptual modifications that are analogous to other psychedelics, the lower impairment and higher pleasurable effects make it comparable with entactogens.
Center for Food Safety
Perchlorate is highly flammable and
used in rocket fuel
Source: Steve Jurvetson
The Natural Resources Defense Council and Center for Food Safety, on behalf of themselves and four other public health and environmental organizations, sued the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) today to force it to act on a petition to ban perchlorate in food packaging. The groups filed the petition in December 2014. The agency missed a June 2015 deadline to respond to the petition.
Co-petitioners include Breast Cancer Fund, Center for Environmental Health, Center for Science in the Public Interest and the Environmental Working Group.
Perchlorate impairs hormone production critical to brain development and poses a health threat, particularly to fetuses, infants and children. FDA has approved it for certain specific uses, including as an anti-static agent in plastic packaging for dry foods such as beans, rice and flour.
“This is a toxic chemical, and it's all over our food supply,” said Erik Olson, director of the Health Program at the Natural Resources Defense Council. “There's enough evidence of harm for the FDA to ban it, and there is no excuse for the agency's inaction.”
“Perchlorate is primarily used in rocket fuel. There is no reason FDA should allow a chemical like this in or on food products,” said Andrew Kimbrell, Executive Director of Center for Food Safety. “It is irresponsible, illegal, and indefensible for FDA to continue withholding a response to our petition when human health is at stake.”
“From increased risk of breast cancer, to interfering with the development of babies' brains, hormone-disrupting chemicals are harming public health,” said Nancy Buermeyer, Senior Policy Strategist at the Breast Cancer Fund. “We wouldn't think of practicing medicine the way we did in the 1950s; nor should the FDA consider science through a decades-old lens. The FDA should act immediately to ban perchlorate to protect our children and future generations.”
“There's no reason for the food industry to use a rocket fuel ingredient that can contaminate our food,” said Caroline Cox, Research Director for the Center for Environmental Health. “FDA needs to act immediately to end this food safety threat to our children and families.”
“Banning perchlorate should be a no-brainer when you consider its threat to human health, particularly to fetal development,” said Ken Cook, co-founder and president of the Environmental Working Group. “We hope this lawsuit spurs FDA to give a new look at the science, instead of relying on its original, flawed reasoning, and to move swiftly to protect consumers from exposure to this toxic chemical.”
“There's just no practical way for consumers to protect their families from perchlorate, because it's not labeled and is allowed in packaging and production of so many foods,” said Laura MacCleery, Director of Regulatory Affairs for the Center for Science in the Public Interest. “But protecting consumers is clearly FDA's job, and the agency should ban perchlorate right away.”
The petition for a writ of mandamus, filed today in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, is here.
Last month, NRDC also sued the Environmental Protection Agency to force it to limit perchlorate in drinking water.
FDA is currently under court orders to comply with other deadlines mandated by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and Food Safety Modernization Act, as a result of two lawsuits filed by CFS in 2014 and 2012, respectively.
For more background on this issue, see here.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/qxQd
— Senators on Tuesday tacked a suite of new restrictions and regulations pertaining to abortion clinics onto a bill dealing with the application of foreign laws in North Carolina family courts.
The measure was unveiled unexpectedly during an unusual late-day committee meeting. It combines several bills in different stages of the legislative process into one omnibus measure.
"It just took a while for there to be a consensus of support for it within our caucus," said Sen. Buck Newton, R-Wilson, chairman of the Senate Judiciary 1 Committee. "Sometimes these things come together at the last minute."
Newton's committee was originally scheduled to meet at 10 a.m. That meeting was canceled.
The Senate met for much of the day, handling a variety of bills in other committees and on the floor. Just before 5:20 p.m., Senate Rules Committee Chairman Tom Apodaca, R-Henderson, announced a recess and said the Judiciary 1 Committee would meet at 5:30 p.m.
Until then, the committee's calendar listed only House Bill 695, which prohibits the recognition of foreign law, such as Islamic Sharia law, in family courts. That measure was controversial when it cleared the House in May, with opponents fearing it could interfere with recognition of U.S. law in foreign courts.
However, when the committee convened at 5:30 p.m., it quickly took up an amendment to revise the bill to include the regulations on abortion.
"They're doing it quietly on Fourth of July weekend because they've seen what's going on in Texas and know that women will turn out," said Melissa Reed, vice president of public policy for Planned Parenthood Health Systems, referring to the protests surrounding a similar bill in Texas. She said Planned Parenthood and other abortion rights advocates had no idea the measure would be taken up Tuesday.
Lobbyists with nonprofits that have religious or moral purposes, including the Family Policy Council, Christian Action League and North Carolina Values Coalition, were in the room for the committee debate and the subsequent Senate floor debate. Senators noted that those lobbyists were given notice of the bill and its contents ahead of time.
Among the abortion provisions:
CONSCIENCE PROTECTION: Any health care provider, not just doctors and nurses, would be allowed to opt out of providing abortion-related services.
ABORTION FUNDING LIMITS: The bill would prohibit health plans offered on the federal health care exchanges from offering abortion coverage. It would also prohibit state funds from being spent for abortions, except to save the life of the mother or in cases of rape or incest.
It would also prohibit city and county health plans from offering abortion coverage more extensive than the coverage offered to state employees. The State Health Plan does not cover abortions, except in cases of rape or incest or to save the life of the mother.
SEX-SELECTIVE ABORTIONS: The measure prohibits doctors from performing an abortion if they know the woman seeking it is doing so because of the gender of the baby.
"This is something we see happening across the country," said Rep. Jacqueline Schaffer, R-Mecklenburg. She authored the original family law provisions in the bill as well as some of the abortion measures.
Reed disagreed, saying doctors cannot determine gender until five months of pregnancy without expensive tests. While sex-selection abortions are practiced in other parts of the world, they are not common in the United States, she said. The bill would create an adversarial relationship between doctors – who could be sued under the measure – and patients, she said, adding that it could also prompt some doctors to engage in racial profiling against women who are from parts of the world where sex-selection abortions are practiced.
DOCTORS: Doctors would be required to remain in the room for the entire abortion procedure, whether surgical or medical (chemically induced).
A medical abortion is performed by taking one pill, waiting two days and then taking a second pill that contracts the uterus. It's unclear for how much of that process the physician would have to be present.
Roughly half the abortions performed in the state are medical abortions. The practical effect of the rule would be to limit the number of abortions any one doctor could provide.
"The information that I've seen is that (medical abortions) are even more dangerous than surgical procedures," said Sen. Warren Daniel, R-Burke, a primary sponsor of the Senate version of the bill.
Reed countered, "That's not true, they're extremely safe."
TRANSFER AGREEMENTS: Abortion clinics would be required to have "transfer agreements" with local hospitals.
Reed said the measure would essentially limit how many clinics could operate because some hospitals would refuse to engage in such agreements. It's meant to be similar to provisions in other states that require doctors at abortion clinics to have admitting privileges at local hospitals. Hospitals, Reed said, would have little incentive to sign such agreements.
LICENSING: Abortions clinics would be required to go through a licensing process similar to that of outpatient surgical clinics.
Daniel said the provision "ensured we don't have two different state standards" for outpatient clinics.
"These are really safety procedures," he said.
Reed said clinics that offer procedures with higher risk than abortion, such as oral surgery or colonoscopies, don't fall under such provisions.
"They're really putting a barrier in the way to access," Reed said, noting that it would make clinics more expensive to operate.
According to legislative staff, there is one abortion clinic in the state that meets the outpatient surgical standard. Reed said Planned Parenthood's four North Carolina clinics do not meet the standard.
The amended bill tentatively passed the full Senate on Tuesday. The Senate will debate the measure again Wednesday before returning the bill to the House.
On the Senate floor, Democrats objected to the measure being pushed through so unexpectedly.
"This bill and this process is not worthy of this chamber," said Sen. Josh Stein, D-Wake.
Stein said the process circumvented the public's ability to learn about legislation before it was discussed and voted on.
Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger acknowledged the objections from Democrats but said that every senator who wanted to speak on the bill had a chance to do so.
"We've never cut them off from making their points," said Berger, R-Rockingham.
As for amending the bill and bringing it to the floor right away, Berger said, "It is not something that is unheard of. It is not something that is inappropriate, in my opinion."
Share. Campo Santo's second game is a first-person adventure set in the 1920's Egypt. Campo Santo's second game is a first-person adventure set in the 1920's Egypt.
In the Valley of Gods is the next game from Campo Santo, the studio behind 2016's Firewatch. The first-person adventure game is set for release in 2019 on PC, but much like Firewatch, the team is interested in bringing it to consoles.
Announced during the 2017 Game Awards, In the Valley of Gods is set in Egypt during the late 1920s. It stars Rashida and Zora, a pair of documentary filmmakers who accidentally made it big with a hit movie (think Nanook of the North), but have since seen their careers go off a cliff. They reunite years later after receiving information about the lost Tomb of Nefertiti, with a goal of reigniting their careers by documenting their trip to Egypt.
In the Valley of the Gods First Look 8 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 08 01 OF 08 In the Valley of the Gods First Look Download Image Captions ESC
Much like Firewatch, the game is focusing on the relationship between two adults with their own personal baggage, and how our own personal goals compare and contrast with goals that we form through friendship. But unlike Campo Santo's past game, Rashida and Zora are always within proximity of each-other. There's a tangible nature to their relationship in the same way that Booker always has Elizabeth around in Bioshock: Infinite, and Chloe always has Nadine around in Uncharted: The Lost Legacy.
While there'll be plenty of exploration, adventure, and and physically traversing the tomb, In the Valley of Gods places a mechanical emphasis on the actual act of shooting a documentary. In the reveal trailer, we see the pair set up a tripod, unfold their camera, and begin to film the world around them. The goal is to have the A.I. of the world react to the fact that it's being filmed, such as a hawk doing something specific because you're shooting it.
Exit Theatre Mode
Though the game has only been in development for just under a year, Campo's goal is that players would get to view the documentary that they shot at the end of the game, but like how Firewatch players could physical photographs that they shot throughout their adventure.
Firewatch came out back in February 2016. We scored it a 9.3, praising its, "stellar writing, art direction, and voice acting."
Marty Sliva is a Executive Editor at IGN. A girl he was dating once stepped on his PlayStation 4, and now he no longer owns PT. But don't worry, they broke up. Follow him on Twitter @McBiggitty.
(Reuters) – Alarmed by the threat posed by Silicon Valley firms developing autonomous driving systems, carmakers at this week's Paris Motor Show showed signs they are ready to hit back by cooperating in areas where they might have been expected to compete.
“This is how the automotive industry may be able to fight off the threat that Apple and particularly Google represents to their brands as digital services become more and more important,” technology investment analyst Richard Windsor said.
BMW, Daimler and VW's Audi announced this week they would launch new traffic monitoring services next year which give drivers a view of road conditions miles ahead. They are based on video data collected from sensors in other cars and fed to the three carmakers' jointly-owned navigation mapping services firm HERE.
Separately HERE's Dutch rival TomTom on Thursday announced traffic data deals with truckmaker Volvo and carmaker Skoda, a VW subsidiary.
Also General Motors, Nissan and VW are experimenting with a plan to pull video data captured by their customers' vehicles using Israeli firm Mobileye's camera-based sensor systems, that may soon give automakers an edge over the likes of Google in the precision-mapping required for driverless cars.
However, it remains to be seen whether carmakers can charge premium prices for connected car services as technology companies like Google look to develop similar offerings for free, supported by advertising or other business models.
A deal by traffic data start-up Inrix to supply data to Google-owned crowd-sourced traffic and navigation service Waze will help drivers find parking spots on smartphones using the free app. And Renault said on Thursday it was showing a prototype of a Waze system built into its car dashboards which run Android Auto, Google's operating system for carmakers.
Meanwhile connecting cars on the move with the Internet also needs more reliable mobile telecoms networks. With that aim, Germany's top automakers said this week they were teaming up with telecoms network equipment makers Ericsson, Huawei , Nokia, Qualcomm and Intel to help with developing the next-generation 5G networks set to debut around 2020.
Careful driving
At the same time carmakers are now racing to plot their courses to building self-driving vehicles over the next five years, a dramatic acceleration in pace from the 10- to 15-year timeframes many had charted until pushed to speed up the process by the advances made by Google and Tesla.
“We see the car transforming from a product into the ultimate platform,” Daimler Chairman Dieter Zetsche told reporters in Paris.
Among the car companies there have been two camps, those who are trying to develop their autonomous driving technology in-house, and those who are outsourcing it, but that division is looking set to become less clear-cut due to the need for cooperation in some areas at least.
“Gradually all of the car manufacturers will have to get more and more involved in managing data. It's natural. We're going to have to work much more collaboratively,” Stewart Callegari, a Nissan product planning executive for driverless cars told reporters at the Paris show.
Fiat's recent partnership to build self-driving vans with Google is seen by analysts as an example of outsourcing, given the Italian automaker's weak finances, limiting its ability to invest in its own software expertise.
Daimler, on the other hand, is firmly in the camp of vehicle makers who want to go it alone but still sees some need for collaboration.
“We need to think whether we work together analyzing the data or whether we do this on our own. This depends on the use case,” Zetsche said, adding that it made sense to work together in areas where potential cost savings resulted but did not blur the distinctions between brands.
Some partnerships like the deal between Chinese carmaker Geely's Swedish subsidiary Volvo Car Group to develop autonomous cars with Uber, and General Motor's partnership with Uber's rival Lyft, are also seen as hybrid approaches.
“The automotive industry has and will continue to become a software business in many ways,” Audi of America President Scott Keogh told Reuters.
(Reporting by Gilles Guillaume, Andreas Cremer and Laurence Frost in Paris; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
The cost of a colour television licence will rise by £3 to £142.50 from April 1
Black and white only licences will also go up by £1 from £47 to £48, it was confirmed.
The increase is being brought into effect by an order laid in the House of Commons.
It follows the six-year BBC funding settlement which began in April 2007.
The licence fee increase is set at 3% for the first two years of the settlement and 2% in years three, four and five. This year is year three.
The six-year settlement is helping the BBC cope with a period of rapid change.
It will help support the digital switchover in 2012, including funding and delivery of a help scheme to vulnerable people.
The corporation is also in the process of moving significant production to the north west of England, which should bring an estimated £1.5 billion and 15,500 jobs to the area.
On yesterday's edition of “Focal Point,” Eagle Forum founder Phyllis Schlafly told host Bryan Fischer that state governors should simply “refuse to enforce” a Supreme Court decision striking down bans on same-sex marriage.
She also urged President Obama or whoever replaces him to direct the Attorney General to defy the court, just as the federal government should have ignored the Dred Scot ruling before the Civil War.
“We just cannot live in a country where one judge or even five judges are able to change the law of our land that goes against the laws of most of our states and we've had for several thousands of years about the definition of marriage, that is simply not our form of government,” Schlafly said. “We believe in ‘We The People.'”
Schlafly said that people need to “speak up and say we're not going to put up with it” and defy judges who “think they're God or something.” She also encouraged governors to order officials who issue marriage licenses to disobey the court's decision.
Scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Argonne National Laboratory have discovered a way to use sound waves to levitate individual droplets of solutions containing different pharmaceuticals. While the connection between levitation and drug development may not be immediately apparent, a special relationship emerges at the molecular level.
At the molecular level, pharmaceutical structures fall into one of two categories: amorphous or crystalline. Amorphous drugs typically are more efficiently taken up by the body than their crystalline cousins; this is because amorphous drugs are both more highly soluble and have a higher bioavailability, suggesting that a lower dose can produce the desired effect.
“One of the biggest challenges when it comes to drug development is in reducing the amount of the drug needed to attain the therapeutic benefit, whatever it is,” said Argonne X-ray physicist Chris Benmore, who led the study.
“Most drugs on the market are crystalline – they don't get fully absorbed by the body and thus we aren't getting the most efficient use out of them,” added Yash Vaishnav, Argonne Senior Manager for Intellectual Property Development and Commercialization.
Getting pharmaceuticals from solution into an amorphous state, however, is no easy task. If the solution evaporates while it is in contact with part of a vessel, it is far more likely to solidify in its crystalline form. ​“It's almost as if these substances want to find a way to become crystalline,” Benmore said.
In order to avoid this problem, Benmore needed to find a way to evaporate a solution without it touching anything. Because liquids conform to the shape of their containers, this was a nearly impossible requirement -- so difficult, in fact, that Benmore had to turn to an acoustic levitator, a piece of equipment originally developed for NASA to simulate microgravity conditions.
Levitation or ​“containerless processing” can form pristine samples that can be probed in situ with the high-energy X-ray beam at Argonne's Advanced Photon Source. ​“This allows amorphization of the drug to be studied while it is being processed,” said Rick Weber, who works on the project team at the synchrotron.
Argonne scientist Chris Benmore demonstrates his acoustic levitator, which could help to improve the efficiency and quality of pharmaceutical development. (Photo by Dan Harris)
The acoustic levitator uses two small speakers to generate sound waves at frequencies slightly above the audible range – roughly 22 kilohertz. When the top and bottom speakers are precisely aligned, they create two sets of sound waves that perfectly interfere with each other, setting up a phenomenon known as a standing wave.
At certain points along a standing wave, known as nodes, there is no net transfer of energy at all. Because the acoustic pressure from the sound waves is sufficient to cancel the effect of gravity, light objects are able to levitate when placed at the nodes.
Although only small quantities of a drug can currently be ​“amorphized” using this technique, it remains a powerful analytical tool for understanding the conditions that make for the best amorphous preparation, Vaishnav explained.
Argonne researchers have already investigated more than a dozen different pharmaceuticals, and the laboratory's Technology Development & Commercialization Division is currently pursuing a patent for the method. Technology Development & Commercialization is also interested in partnering with the pharmaceutical industry to develop the technology further as well as to license it for commercial development.
After adapting the technology for drug research, the Argonne scientists teamed up with Professors Stephen Byrn and Lynne Taylor at the Department of Industrial and Physical Pharmacy at Purdue University and Jeffery Yarger of the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at Arizona State University. The group is now working on identifying which drugs the levitation instrumentation will impact most strongly.
Argonne National Laboratory seeks solutions to pressing national problems in science and technology. The nation's first national laboratory, Argonne conducts leading-edge basic and applied scientific research in virtually every scientific discipline. Argonne researchers work closely with researchers from hundreds of companies, universities, and federal, state and municipal agencies to help them solve their specific problems, advance America's scientific leadership and prepare the nation for a better future. With employees from more than 60 nations, Argonne is managed by UChicago Argonne, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy​'s Office of Science.
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit sci​ence​.ener​gy​.gov.
What A Tale My Thoughts Would Tell
Author : Ellen Couch
I guess there are two things I really remember from that time. The noise, and the feeling of the blood running down my hands.
What was it like? Are you for real? Well, if you really want to know…
When we saw the silver people in their little ship the world went crazy. Some folks were straight down to the park, rollin' out the welcome wagon. Some got theyselves in bunkers. No idea what happened to them- maybe they're still there. Maybe they didn't get ‘cured' like the rest of us.
Yeah, cured. That's what the silver people said. Told us they had been watching us. There was so much suffering in our world, they wanted to help. To serve mankind…You ever see that show? Prob'ly not. Never mind. It freaked me the hell out, is all as you need to know. I went back to my apartment, packed a few things, headed out of town. Didn't do any good, no how. When they opened people's minds so we could read each other's thoughts, they did it to the whole damn planet.
Things were very, very bad for a while. All those secrets, spillin' out to anyone around you. A lot of people did a lot of things they regretted later, includin' me. A lot more people died- because someone else found somethin' out, or because it was the only way to stop the noise. So much noise. It's hard to think straight with so many people talkin' at you, and no way to block it out. You got no idea- trust me, man, you want no idea what it was like.
The silver people said they could teach us how to block out all but what we wanted to hear. For a price, o'course. They wanted the planet- said their own had got all used up, oh, so sad. And the governments- what was left of ‘em- they agreed! I s'pose they didn't think we had a choice.
Yeah, it was clever, thinkin' about it. One little ship full of guys, and they get us to do their dirty work for them. Two weeks later, thousands of them silver people turned up.
But they didn't know about- you know, that plant we brought with us? That. Didn't have nothin' like it. I was one of the first realised it cleared your head real good- then a group of us found that the silver people couldn't hear us if we are high. Weren't too hard to steal one of those little silver ships, when they couldn't see what we are plannin'. The silver guy we tied up was a living instruction manual.
We found this place about a month after we left. Told your guys we wanted no trouble, just somewhere to stay. You don't think like us. It's a relief. No noise.
Naw, man, it's OK. S'been a while, we're pretty sure they ain't followed us. But we'll keep our little garden growin', and an eye on the sky. Just in case.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Some have called her a vampire while others say she was edited in
Indiana Governor went for dinner at Chili's in New York on
At first glance Mike Pence's photo of his family dinner at New York's Chili's seems to show The Donald's running mate enjoying some nachos with his wife and daughter.
But on closer inspection something is not right.
Pence's daughter Charlotte, 23, appears to have no reflection - raising the accusation that she was photoshopped in.
Indiana Gov Mike Pence sent Twitter into a meltdown on Saturday when he tweeted a picture of himself and his family having dinner at Chili's - but something is not right
She is sitting next to her father in a white dress, but even her frizzy hair can't been seen in the mirror.
Shocked observers have take to social media - with many joking that Pence's daughter is a vampire.
Sebastian Murdock wrote on Twitter: 'Sir I don't mean to be rude but your daughter might be a vampire just sayin.'
Another shocked user added: 'Where is the reflection of the woman in white? Does Chili's cause people to become vampires?!'
One surprised viewer said: 'The woman has no reflection. Explain.'
One joker even posted a pictured with Trump in the mirror, saying 'sorry guys here is the unedited version.'
One joker even posted a pictured with Trump in the mirror, saying 'sorry guys here is the unedited version.'
Some Twitter users have accused Pence of photoshopping the photo.
Jan Siegel wrote: 'She was shopped in (I'm guessing) to improve his family cred. She probably doesn't speak to him in real life!'
The picture sparked enough outrage as it was, when snobby New Yorkers were angered by Pence's choice of restaurant on Saturday.
Homecoming: Indiana Governor Mike Pence, waves with his wife, Karen, and daughter, Charlotte, as they arrived for a Welcome Home Rally
The big contract situations ahead for San Jose Sharks make the 2016-17 season a pivotal year for the franchise. The start of every season is an exciting and important time for NHL teams. The season starts with everyone tied in the standings and dukes it out in the most grueling season in professional sports.
San Jose Sharks Contracts Looming
But for Joe Thornton, Patrick Marleau, and Brent Burns, it means even a bit more this year. Coming off a Stanley Cup run, these three players, three of the most important players in Sharks history are eligible for free agency on July 1, 2017.
Joe Thornton
Beginning at the top is none other than Joe Thornton. The acquisition of Thornton is the best trade in the history of the San Jose Sharks. He posted a franchise record 114 points his first full year in San Jose and is nearly a point-per-game player for his entire NHL career with 1341 points in 1367 games. Last season, Thornton showed no signs of slowing day, as he finished tied for fourth in NHL scoring with 82 points in a full 82 games.
Thornton has played at least 77 games (and the full 48 in the lockout-shortened 2012-13 season) each year for the past 13 years. But he also just turned 37 and never has been the fastest of skaters. His on-ice vision has improved to cover these issues, and barring injury should continue.
Coupling the elite production and durability of perhaps the best playmakers of his generation, signing Thornton to a two-year deal near his current $6.75 million cap hit would be a wise investment. But one that likely will pay off for the player that is currently 28th in all-time NHL scoring.
Patrick Marleau
Marleau has always played second fiddle to Thornton. At the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, Marleau was taken second after Thornton went to the Boston Bruins. The extensions signed by Marleau and Thornton were identical terms of three years, but slightly more money to Thornton. Now at the conclusion of that three-year deal, the future is cloudy for the Sharks all-time points and games played leader.
While Thornton has continued an elite level of the game, Marleau has shown signs of slippage over the last two years, including a 48-point performance in 2015-16, the lowest full-season total for the former captain since 2007-08 when he also scored only 48 points.
With a current cap hit of $6.66 million, Marleau would have to take a sizable hometown discount to remain with the club. His position on the second line is tenuous with the signing of Mikkel Boedker and the continued development of Timo Meier. Working in Marleau's favor is he still possesses good speed, is a calming veteran presence and solid possession player down on the third line with some of the younger Sharks. It will come down to a mixture of what production he can bring and what contract he'll accept. Assuming a 45-55 point season, something in the neighborhood of $5 million for a one-year deal would save the Sharks some cap room and keep Marleau in San Jose.
Brent Burns
Just back up the truck, dump all the money at the foot of the Burns family RV and call it a day. One of the most dynamic defenders in the NHL today, a personality on and off the ice, and the best season ever for a Sharks blueliner, Burns is only 31, outside of missing most of his front teeth, has been free of major injuries the last two seasons, playing all 82 games.
Burns finished second in scoring by a defenseman only to the phenomenal Erik Karlsson, who played three more minutes per contest than Burns in the same number of games. Over the past three seasons, Burns is again second in scoring only to Karlsson despite playing over five minutes less per game. His average time-on-ice (22:30) ranks 41st among NHL rearguards. Based on his play actually improving since moving back to defense, projecting Burns for another 70+ point season seems exceedingly reasonable.
A defenseman like Burns is franchise-altering. Removing a Burns, Karlsson, or any other defender in the top 20 of this list, would change the entire complexion of their respective franchises. Locking in Burns to a five- or six-year, $7+ million pact should be the top priority for General Manager Doug Wilson.
Contract Years: Focus or Fold
It always comes down to the player in these situations. Play big and a windfall can be waiting for you. A poor season often means a play cut. Burns and Thornton have proven to be capable performers, and there is no reason to doubt it this year. Marleau is more of a question mark and with an expansion draft looming, has to prove he still belongs in San Jose.
Main Photo
Image caption Rosemary Butler says more women are needed across all walks of public life
The Welsh assembly's main political parties' leaders have been urged by Presiding Officer Rosemary Butler to ensure more women are elected.
Mrs Butler, who has written to the four party leaders, says the assembly's make-up must reflect the population for it to be effective.
She said women were not "coming forward" in many walks of public life across Wales.
In 2006, 52% of the 60 AMs were women, but that figure has now fallen to 44%.
It's not just about the assembly that I'm interested in - it's life across Wales Rosemary Butler AM, Presiding Officer
In her private letters to the four parties, she urges action from the leaders.
She told the Sunday Politics on BBC One Wales that the assembly had previously had "enormous success" in electing women, but the number has dropped.
She said: "When you think that women are over 50% of the population, that's a huge resource to be wasted and if we are to be effective as an assembly here for example, we do need to reflect the makeup of the population."
Mrs Butler is also concerned that women are underrepresented across public life generally.
"The more I went about as a presiding officer I could see that there were very few in local government, very few women magistrates, all the public health boards, school governors - there just aren't the women coming forward," she added.
Series of seminars
Her call comes as a result of a woman in Public Life conference in November which was the culmination of a series of seminars with women across the five electoral regions of Wales over the past nine months.
However, Ms Butler admits she does not know how to resolve the issue.
"Well if I had the answer to this I wouldn't be sitting here discussing why we don't have women in public office," she said.
"I was mandated to write to the party leaders and I've asked them how they would do it.
"I wouldn't prescribe a particular way of doing it but I'm sure there must be a way of ensuring that more women come forward for assembly elections.
"But as I say it's not just about the assembly that I'm interested in - it's life across Wales."
Increasing the number of female AMs would lead to better policies, she believes
"I'm not saying that women are better than men, we're just very different," she said.
"Working together with men and women you do get much better policies, and research has been done across the world to show that when you get mixed genders on legislatures you do get very very much better policies."
The Sunday Politics Wales can be seen from 11:00 GMT on BBC1 Wales on Sunday.
Noel Coogan recounts the day when the Irish cycling team was arrested
While the sixtieth anniversary of the Melbourne Olympics was remembered earlier in the year, the first Games to be staged down under was actually held in December, 1956. It was a very successful event for Ireland with Ronnie Delany's 1,500 triumph the highlight and four medals gained in boxing also giving cause for celebration.
However, there was frustration for a small group of Irish cyclists who were hoping to represent their country in the Olympic road race. The trio were members of the National Cycling Association which was not recognised internationally and were taken away by police shortly before the start.
The Irish team comprised of Paudi Fitzgerald from Kerry, Tommy Flanagan from Meath and another Meath man, Tom Gerrard, a former Navan Road Club rider who had emigrated to Australia a few months earlier and was living in Melbourne.
Con Carr from Kildare was also selected but sufficient money was not raised to send him.
Paudi Fitzgerald was selected on the Irish team because of his overall triumph in the 1956 Rás Tailteann. That was the fourth edition of the famous race and the third over eight days. Fitzgerald won two stages to become the second Kerry rider to take overall honours, Gene Mangan having been the winner the previous year.
Tommy Flanagan was honoured with the trip to Australia after winning the National League, a series of long distance races with points awarded to the cyclists with the highest placings. The Navan Road Club pedaller also rode consistently to take fifth place overall in the '56 Ras.
Tom Gerrard was born in Navan town before living in the Gaelic football stronghold of Skryne for a number of years. Coning from a sporting family, his brother Jackie gained senior championship honours with Skryne and Tom was a strong cyclist who took second place in a stage of the Rás.
Each of the three counties was responsible for raising funds to send their man to Melbourne. Meath's target of £600 was comfortably attained through church gate collections, dances and subscriptions from clubs, other organisations, businesses and individuals.
Flanagan recalled being presented with his Ireland jersey, a predominantly white garment with a tricolour band around the waist. There was a strong support for ‘Send Flanagan to Melbourne' posters around Meath and the Royal County cyclist departed from Shannon Airport in the early hours of November 27th for the race on December 7th.
The Meath rider travelled alone as shortage of funds delayed Fitzgerald's departure for another two days. Unlike the present times, no officials went with the cyclists.
Before flying out, Tommy Flanagan sent the following letter to the Meath Chronicle newspaper: “Dear sir, In an hour's time I depart on a TWA plane to New York en route to Melbourne where I hope to represent my country in the Olympic Games road cycle race on December 7th. That I will soon be starting my journey is due to the wonderful support given to the NCA Olympic Games support fund by the people of Meath for which I want to thank them. I would be pleased if you would publish this short note to show my appreciation of my fellow countymen. Yours in sport, Tommy Flanagan.”
Paudi Fitzgerald linked up with Flanagan in New York and then it was on to San Francisco and Sydney before arriving in Melbourne on December 1st. The two riders were fixed up with accommodation in a suburb of the city.
The whereabouts of the Irish cyclists had newspaper reporters baffled and prompted the following headline, ‘Cyclists cannot be traced.' Australian Cycling Association secretary Bill Jones said no entries on behalf of Irish cyclists had been received and they would not be allowed to start.
“Nobody will gate-crash on Friday. They can bring their shillelaghs with them if they like but they won't be any use,” said Jones.
At the time, Cumann Rothaiochta na hEireann (CRE), 26-county body, was accepted internationally to represent Ireland.
The three cyclists hoping to represent their country in the 1956 Olympics were given instructions by NCA officials to highlight the association's plight.
Apart from the aim of getting away with the rest of the racers, they were instructed to remove every Union Jack they could find and, bizarrely, to extinguish the Olympic flame in protest at their exclusion. However, the latter proved beyond them!
Leaflets, printed in a few different languages, highlighting the NCA's situation, were distributed among the spectators by Irish emigrants.
Looking back, Tommy Flanagan said they nearly got away with the rest of the riders. “We kept our tracksuits on as long as possible and the starter was down to six in the countdown when we were noticed. We were told we weren't entered, the police were called in and we left peacefully. The police had sympathy for us,” he said.
Although not allowed to compete, Flanagan described the trip down under as a memorable experience. “Altogether we were away for three months and were treated well everywhere we went,” he recalled.
Strangely, Ronnie Delany's gold medal triumph in the 1,500 metres did not impress some Irish people. NCA president and NACA vice-president Jim Killean expressed the odd opinion that “nobody won a gold medal for Ireland this time!”
At the subsequent NACA congress Killean was critical of Nenagh Olympic AC members for taking part in the town's welcome for Delany.
After being selected to represent Ireland in the 1956 Olympic Games, the three cyclists did not do much racing. But Tommy Flanagan still goes out for regular spins. At the time of writing, all three men are alive and well and can look back on a dramatic chapter in Irish sport which occurred 60 years ago this month.
UPDATE: A deal was made to avert the strike Wednesday afternoon. Read the latest coverage here.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
More than 1,000 subcontracted airport security officers, baggage handlers and wheelchair attendants at the city's two major airports plan to strike starting Wednesday night, according to a union that seeks to represent them.
Officials with Local 32BJ of the Service Employees International Union said picketing would begin at Kennedy Airport at 10 p.m. Wednesday and at LaGuardia at 6 a.m. Thursday.
"We are here today to tell you that we are going on strike!" LaGuardia worker Chennee Cooper said Tuesday at a news conference at the union's Manhattan offices.
Cooper said she works 40 hours a week but lives in a shelter because she cannot afford an apartment.
"We love doing this," she said. "We don't want to go anywhere; we just want better pay so we can take care of our families."
The employees planning the walkout work for Delta subcontractor Aviation Safeguards. Craig Coy, the CEO of its parent company, Herndon, Virginia-based Command Security Corp., said there would be a contingency plan in place but he did not expect most employees to participate in the work stoppage.
Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines Inc. had no immediate comment.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the airports, said in a statement that it has taken steps to encourage wage and benefit increases for employees of airline contractors. The authority said it would work to avoid disruptions at the airports.
Workers attending the news conference said they make $10.10 an hour and that they want $15 an hour as well as the right to organize for union representation.
"Where is it acceptable, in these United States of America, in a billion-dollar industry, for a worker to give a company 20 years of service and never have a raise?" JFK security worker Donna Hampton said.
The union says the workers' efforts to organize have been met with strong-arm tactics that constitute unfair labor practices.
Officials with the union say Aviation Safeguards has stopped workers from wearing buttons and threatened to fire them if they strike.
"That is outrageous," union president Hector Figueroa said. "That should not be happening in our airports, that should not be happening in our country."
Coy denied that Aviation Safeguards has been guilty of unfair labor practices. "We are not anti-union, we are pro-employee," he said.
Several City Council members attended the union news conference and promised their support.
"We're hoping that these employers will act in good faith and sit down at the table and negotiate with these workers," Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito said.
It was not clear how the planned strike might affect travelers.
The workers potentially involved in the walkout represent a small fraction of the employees at the two airports. The Port Authority says about 37,000 people work at JFK and 11,000 at LaGuardia.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
The culinary heaven that is Mumbai offers something for anyone with evolving or differing palates and tastes. We've covered some of these enticing offerings ranging from gluttony inducing wraps and rolls to Mumbai's healthiest meals. But few authentic culinary pleasures can be spoken of in the same breath as those of some of Mumbai's small but amazingly popular eateries and it seems the world has finally taken cognizance of this fact what with Aaswad Upahar's Misal Pav being declared the World's Tastiest Vegetarian Dish in 2015.
Image Source: Magnolia 2 Mumbai
Foodie Hub, said to be one of the world's largest network of local food experts, had declared the Foodie hub awards on May 31 of that year in London, where the spicy curry and its bread partner from the Shivaji Park-based eatery were adjudged winners in this category. Foodie Hub received over 4,000 dishes from 150 cities from all around the world and is said to have employed the same mechanism adopted by other food awards where local experts would nominate items and a central team would try the items on a rotating basis.
The Misal Pav at Aswaad Image Source: India Food Network Image Credit: Kalyan Karmakar
The dish was nominated by Kalyan Karmarkar, popular among food bloggers as Finely Chopped, who is the Foodie Hub expert from Mumbai. Suryakant Sarjoshi, owner of the quaint 30-year old eatery, reacted with a sense of confidence and excitement. “We got the news and it feels great! Our misal won because the spices used for the curry are entirely homemade and the farsan is of good quality. As a dish, it is a whole meal in itself,” Sarjoshi told India Food Network. His eatery's dish beat out dishes such as the Vegan Spinach Pie from Athens, Baby Beans with Quail Egg from Barcelona, Black Barley from Perth and Palmito Assado Na Casa from Rio De Janiero.
The juicy curry made from moth beans or matki (in Marathi) and topped with chopped onions, tomatoes and crunchy farsan, perfectly complemented with the dry and soft Mumbai pav is a favourite, Maharashtrian staple and is available at Aaswad for only INR 55. If you have never tasted it out of some misplaced skepticism, the title of World's Tastiest Vegetarian Dish deserves a try at the very least, don't you think?
If you liked this article, we suggest you read:
Mumbai, Visit These 8 Places For The Best Damn Pav Bhaji In Town
Falling In Love With Mumbai's Most Iconic Kheema Pao
17 Of The Very Best Maharashtrian Dishes In Mumbai & Where To Get Them
Cain: Sharia law could come to U.S.
Sharia law could be infused into the nation's court system, Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain says.
In an interview aired Sunday on ABC's "This Week," Cain said that "some people would infuse Sharia law in our court system if we allow it."
The issue, which makes many some Republicans cringe, has resurfaced because New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is mulling a presidential bid. Earlier this year, Christie said he's sick of people talking about Islamic law taking over the American justice system.
"I honestly believe that. So even if he calls me crazy, I am going to make sure that they don't infuse it little by little," Cain said. "It's not going to be some grand scheme, little by little. So I don't mind if he calls me crazy."
Conviction's one word title is presented with little ceremony, but it's a single word that has multiple meanings in this heart felt drama.
A fade in and out opening sequence unflinchingly surveys a bloodied murder scene to reveal a butchered body. Fading back out and then onto a contrasting collage of family objects of Kenny's (Sam Rockwell) prison cell; It's a brilliant opening that takes us right to the heart of the story as loyal sister Betty (Hilary Swank) begins her battle to prove her brother's innocence; so much so, that she sacrifices plenty to put herself through law school to learn the system she deeply mistrusts to exonerate her brother.
Conviction means so much in this movie, the questioning of the law and justice, Kenny's unsteady sentence, Betty's stubborn conviction in her brother's innocence and Kenny's conviction and faith in his sister to prevail.
A by the numbers, based on a true story tale is elevated beyond the average law drama with solid performances all round. The decades spanning, backward and forth time shifting storytelling, recounts a childhood of ill parenting and tells the chequered past of Rockwell's charming, but volatile defendant with a history of small time misdemeanours that equally convince of his innocence as well as the capability of perpetrating a such a crime with time, when given clemency from an adoring family and the small town law.
As events move on we question Betty's belief as misplaced, given her love for her brother when without a respectable adult figure, her only protector in a feral upbringing as a struggling mother, well intentioned, is remiss in her duties.
The question of swift and rough provincial justice is raised when Rockwell faces ex partners in court whose testimonies are taken as solid evidence of his guilt and based on apparently nothing more than the small town troublesome rogue being the most likely perpetrator.
With Rockwell's superb, ambiguous performance and tight scripting revealing nothing concrete about his guilt at any point until the conclusion, Conviction expertly raises the doubts in our own heads of did he or didn't he; It's the question that suspends most and keeps Conviction compelling right until the end.
Swank convinces as always with an astute performance even when pacing is bogged down by Betty's repeated frustrations, but just like the loyal sister she is the tie that binds, admirable in her battle through school and against bureaucracy when juggling the demands of her own family that she is slowly losing sight of in her obsession and faith to still fight.
Conviction is a steadily crafted, unflashy story of family loyalty commenting on the real world deficiencies of law and justice with brilliant central performances from Rockwell and Swank.
Advertisements
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- The former central bank chiefs of the U.S. and U.K. reportedly told a private audience earlier this week the global economic recovery has taken a lot longer than either expected.
Speaking at a CME Group (CME) conference in Florida, former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and ex-Bank of England Governor Mervyn King expressed pessimism about a recovery in Europe, with King more bearish than Bernanke.
The views of the former central bank chiefs were expressed at a closed-door session Monday. Their remarks were recounted to TheStreet by commodities industry executives who were in attendance. The session was moderated by Financial Times Managing Editor Gillian Tett.
King, interviewed by TheStreet following the session, declined to discuss what he and Bernanke had said. A representative for Bernanke at the Washington Speakers Bureau did not respond to emails or a phone call.
Six years since the financial crisis, the U.S. economy has mostly recovered. Europe, in contrast, continues to struggle in many respects, with high unemployment and GDP growth for the euro area stubbornly below 1%.
In an interview with Bloomberg Television at the same event in Florida, King said stagnation in the eurozone poses the biggest risk to a global recovery because "I don't think the leaders in the euro area actually have a true vision of how to cope with the problem." He said Europe's leaders are trying to put in place structural reforms "but that is not going to be sufficient to generate a recovery. They also need to have macroeconomic stimulus."
Economics data last week showed Germany and France posted growth in the third quarter, Bloomberg News reported, but Italy's economy shrank in the second quarter.
At the CME session, Bernanke and King also talked about bitcoin. Asked by an audience member about the crypto currency, both former central bank chiefs agreed bitcoin is a bad investment.
King said one of the lessons from the financial crisis is not investing in things you don't understand. He said the algorithm used to help determine the value of bitcoin may prove problematic. Bernanke, meanwhile, said the potential for bitcoin to be used to fund illegal activities means it would probably result in regulators shutting it down if its use became widespread.
King also joked about being asked for investment advice by an audience member, saying the only other person who had asked him for investment advice was a taxi cab driver.
Bernanke said the Federal Reserve could handle rising interest rates without sustaining major losses to its bond portfolio.
The two also discussed remarks by former French President Nicholas Sarkozy made during an earlier session at the meeting. Sarkozy said the 18 countries that have adopted the euro as their common currency need to work harder to form a more solid union than they have currently, and to distance themselves from the 10 European Union countries that have not yet adopted the euro.
Bernanke and King were impressed, saying they had never heard a European politician make such a statement. Sarkozy said he didn't think Ukraine should be admitted to the European Union because a buffer zone is needed between the European Union and Russia.
A representative for Sarkozy, also at the Washington Speakers Bureau, did not respond to emails or a phone call.
Follow @dan_freed
Daily Mail article says
Todd Bartlem, who went on to become Fiorina's first husband, accuses her of creating a misleading mythology and ‘losing her humanity' for a ‘pathological' pursuit of power.
That is exactly the impression I had of her before I read that.
Todd also explains that the story of how she rose from secretary to CEO is total bull, that was just a part-time job she had between dropping out of law school and starting business school.
The article also explains that shortly after she joined AT&T after graduating from business school, she began having an affair with a senior AT&T executive who obviously helped to jump-start her career. Sleeping to the top.
‘She is pathologically narcissistic and all she cares about is her,' he said. ‘Nothing holds together with her. ‘I got kind of suspicious of her towards the end of the marriage because she had no old friends. She had nobody that she knew in the past, and I thought, “God that's kind of weird.”‘ Today Bartlem believes the reason lies in Carly's ‘modus operandi' of ‘dropping people' as soon as they have fulfilled their useful purpose in her life. Certainly it's what he believes happened to him.
‘I had no utility and that's what the judgment was,' he said. ‘If you aren't useful to her, your time is over. She learned that in business school. I was heartbroken. It was brutal.' Bartlem claims that when Carly walked out on him she did so without leaving so much as a forwarding address or phone number. A year after the divorce, he claims, she pulled up in the driveway of their former home and calmly said, ‘I will never see you again.'
Todd describes a sociopath, and it is believed that a disproportionate share of CEOs are sociopaths because sociopathy is very useful for getting ahead in corporate America.
Trump, who may be somewhat of a narcissist but who is not a sociopath (he didn't need to be a sociopath to get ahead because he started out a winner on account of being born rich) would be a much better and safer leader for our country. I'd be a lot more afraid of Carly Fiorina's finger being on the nuclear button.
* * *
Todd is wrong about learning to be a sociopath in business school. I have an MBA from ASU, and it was just a bunch of academic classes, nothing very sinister at all.
* * *
Best comment is from “Rifleman”:
Trump is in NO way a sociopath. He's a modified narcissist who likes people and has a need for people to think well of him. Sociopaths don't care. That's why Trump some times lashes out, he acts like he's being mugged and he fights back. Trump seems like a well meaning guy who just can't believe how bad things are and wonders why powerful people don't give a damn or actually like the way things are going.
Google will now let iOS users test a beta version of Chrome, as the company today quietly added support for the iPhone and iPad to its list of test platforms. Google's beta version of its mobile browser now comes with support for 3D Touch and a few other small tweaks, and the company will let you try it out using Apple's TestFlight developer tool. Apple acquired TestFlight, which lets app makers beta test apps without going through the App Store, through its purchase of a startup called Burstly last year.
To try Chrome beta for iOS, download and register for TestFight from the App Store. Then visit Google's Chrome beta download website and simply tap the button that reads "download Chrome beta." You'll get a confirmation email and then you'll have to wait until TestFlight sends you a notification signaling that the app is ready to download. The obvious benefit is 3D Touch support, which will let you hard-press on the Chrome home screen icon to open a new tab or launch voice search.
3D Touch support for launching new tabs and voice search
Google has long had developer channels for testing out software on Mac, Windows, and Android, but has not until today ever opened the avenue for iOS. Apple this week upped the limit on TestFlight from 1,000 to 2,000 users and doubled the testing period from 30 to 60 days. The company to the The Verge that those updated guidelines apply to all developers, including Google.
Update at 7:17PM, Friday, November 13: Added comment from Apple.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC find themselves in a wonderful position but there is still a long way to go. This team keeps winning huge games but still there's nothing to hold above your head.
You have to go again and again. It's tough but then winning trophies is not meant to be easy.
I feel for the players because the excitement around is at breaking point. Another three weeks is a long time for the players to keep ignoring all the hype.
As a player you want the games to come thick and fast, you don't want to be waiting a week.
As the fans get carried away, players have to approach it in a different way and try to stay out of it. Even in midweek, the focus was back on Liverpool after Man City dropped points at home to Sunderland.
Ten points from four games to win the title seems straightforward enough but there might still be a banana skin somewhere for us.
Everyone is talking about the Chelsea game as being a title decider but don't forget about Norwich City.
In normal circumstances you wouldn't be worried about playing Norwich. We have better players than them but you can't help but worry at this stage.
A noon kick-off on Sunday is awkward as no-one is used to that and with Jordan Henderson and Daniel Sturridge missing, all of a sudden, a few things have gone against us.
We've run over Norwich in the last couple of seasons but I'm not convinced this will be the same.
I'm expecting a difficult game and the recent change of manager will help Norwich. If Chris Hughton had stayed in charge and we had gone in front early on, the fans would have turned on him. They'd had enough. It's different now with Neil Adams as there will be more hope and spirit.
Don't under-estimate what this game means to Norwich as they need a win. You have to respect them because they drew 0-0 with Man City and have only lost once at home in 2014. They don't have great pace but they work very hard and could be difficult to break down.
The City game was everything we could have hoped for. The players don't seem to be feeling the pressure and I hope that continues.
This is a massive story globally. It's like the rebirth of a club left behind in the Premier League era.
Bosses hit the right notes
BOTH Brendan Rodgers and Roberto Martinez were an absolute credit to their clubs and this city when they spoke at the Anfield memorial service to mark the 25th anniversary of Hillsborough.
They both said all the things that needed to be said – it was perfect. They were left in no doubt how they were received by the 25,000-strong crowd and those ovations were richly deserved.
What the Hillsborough cause means to everyone has been underlined by the fantastic response from both fans and former players to the ‘Celebration of the 96' match at Anfield on Easter Monday.
It promises to be a special occasion as Kenny Dalglish's UK and Irish Legends take on Gerard Houllier's Rest of the World Legends.
There will be some great names on show and I'm sure the likes of Sami Hyypia and Luis Garcia will get a wonderful reception.
Who has the edge? Well, the local lads have played a lot of games together but it's fair to say Houllier's line-up has the younger legs.
Kenny's legends are going into it on a high after beating the Press 7-6 in a warm-up game at Melwood this week. At 5-1 down they were facing an embarrassing defeat, but they sneaked home. In the end, you could see why the Press boys only write about the game!
Joe Allen is the best replacement for Jordan Henderson
I EXPECT Joe Allen to replace Jordan Henderson in the side for Sunday's trip to Norwich City.
Allen is more comfortable with the pressing game than Lucas Leiva and I think he's up to speed in terms of being able to play at that tempo.
You could play Lucas deeper but I just think you need to keep Steven Gerrard isolated in that holding role as his form has been that good.
Daniel Sturridge is also set to miss out and the manager doesn't have many options up there.
He could play Lucas and Allen and move Philippe Coutinho out to one of the flanks but I'd say it's more likely that Victor Moses will get a start.
Moses hasn't done much during his season-long loan from Chelsea but he could yet have a part to play in the title race.
More Liverpool FC news:
Liverpool's Luis Suarez, Steven Gerrard and Daniel Sturridge nominated for PFA Player of the Year
Rodgers warns his Liverpool side; don't count your chickens before they hatch
Three key questions: the big talking points ahead of Norwich v Liverpool
No extra pressure on Liverpool despite being top of the table says Brendan Rodgers
Reds whizzkid Teixeira: The boss makes us feel 10 feet tall
From the Kop to Kosovo: watch video of Liverpool fans around the world celebrating the City win
According to analysts from Wells Fargo, the Russian economy should return to positive, albeit lackluster, rates of growth later this year as consumer power recovers amid a receding inflation.
Key Quotes:
“Recently released data showed that real GDP in Russia contracted 1.2 percent on a year-ago basis in Q1-2016 (…) In short, it appears that the Russian economy is starting to flatten out after its nosedive last year. Indeed, we look for the year-over-year rate of GDP growth to return to positive territory again in the second half of this year.”
“Not only has the weakness in economic activity helped bring CPI inflation back down after its one-off spike last year, but the rebound in the value of the Russian ruble over the past few months has also contributed to the downward pressure on CPI inflation.”
“Although our currency strategy team looks for the ruble to give up some of its recent gains versus the U.S. dollar over the next year or so, it also does not believe it will return to the all-time lows that were set earlier this year.”
“As noted above, we look for real GDP growth to turn positive again in the second half of 2016. That said, a return to the 5 percent growth rates of 2010-2011, much less the super-charged rates that characterized the past decade, does not look achievable anytime soon. Geopolitical tensions have weakened foreign direct investment in Russia and low energy prices have weighed on production in the energy sector. Lackluster rates of GDP growth are probably the best that Russia can hope for at present.”
FAQ #02 —Matchpool General Questions & Crowdfunding Campaign
Matchpool Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 18, 2017
General
Is Matchpool going to offer Ads?
No. Matchpool will not offer ads. However, a Poolmaker can build a DApplet that runs adverts. Users will create ads and earn from them if they wish to add them to their pool.
Will I have to pay to access a pool?
There will be free pools for for both men and women to join that are free. Users can create free pools or add revenue models. It all depends on the Pool rules the Poolmaker specifies.
Will you have mobile support for this dapp? or will it be PC only?
We will make a mobile version after the web version.
Can I be in several pools at the same time?
Yes, you can join multiple pools.
How much sleaze is Matchpool going to allow?
Matchpool makes members and Poolmakers accountable. If pool members are causing other members annoyance, they can be reported and left negative reviews after matching. Pools with poor reviews will display a low temperature (reputation score) and will put off new members joining. Members can be reported to the Poolmaker and they'll be banned from the pool.
How is Matchpool going to handle the fact that cultures have very different ways of matching people?
We will work closely with the law in different countries so that we can make policies for all Poolmakers worldwide. Poolmakers and pool members will be accountable within pools.
Where is Matchpool incoprorated?
Matchpool is incorporated in the City of Zug, Switzerland.
Crowdfunding Campaign
Will the token sale be capped?
Yes, it will be capped to Etherereum value equivalent to $5 Million USD.
Will the Crowdfunding Campaign be held only with ETH or also with BTC?
The Matchpool crowdfunding campaign will be done entirely using an Ethereum smart contract, and so will be held only by pledging ETH into the crowdfunding campaign smart contract address.
Will there be an Escrow service for the collected crowdfunds?
Yes, Our escrow partners will be MME (Legal Firm) & Bitcoin Suisse AG (A shareholder company specializing in alternative finances). Both are well respected and experienced in their fields.
When and how will I get my GUP tokens bought during the Crowdfunding Campaign?
The ETH each contributor contributes will go straight to the crowdfunding campaign smart contract where they will be held until the crowdfund ends. While sending your ETH, the smart contract will credit the sending address and later on will send back to the sending address the number a GUP's entitled proportionally with the total crowdfund results. At the end of the crowdfund a further code check will be placed after which all GUPs will be sent to the sending addresses.
How soon can I trade my GUP tokens and on which exchanges ?
GUP tokens sold during our crowdfund will be of ERC20 standard created through smart contracts, which basically means that listing it to an exchange can be easily done and probably won't take too long. Specific exchanges will be later announced as it is way too soon and will not be responsible to announce it now. Of course there is always the possibility of trading bought GUP through Over The Counter deals on the forum and Reddit. As the crowdfund is being held through smart contracts, soon after the final code is checked, each contributor can redeem their tokens (credits) into his ETH wallet.
Is there a maximum amount of participants that can take part of the crowdfund?
There is no restriction of max participation. However, since the ETH:GUP price is predetermined starting at 120 Gups per 1 ETH and ending at 90 Gups per 1 ETH, eventually the GUP will run out and the sale will be over.
Is there a Minimum amount of funds to be collected during the crowdfund?
Yes, after long thought on this matter we have reached the conclusion that in order to produce Matchpool platform and App we will need at least 30K ETH. Everything beyond that will help us greatly delivering a better product in less time. Incase the minimum amount won't be reached the crowdfund smart contract will send all the collected funds back to the sending addresses.
Is there a Maximum amount of funds to be collected during the crowdfund?
Yes, once again as the ETH:GUP price is predetermined, and there is a fixed GUP amount (60 Million), the total funds collected assuming all GUP tokens are sold will vary between 500,000 ETH — 666,667 ETH, depending on the early bird bonuses that apply at the time the participant contributed their funds.
Will there be any refunds available after contributing to the crowdfunding campaign?
Incase the minimum cap of 30K ETH is not reached, a refund will take place automatically. Otherwise all sales are final. We recommend you read all about the Matchpool project in our blog and our whitepaper and do thorough due diligence before contributing to the event. Each participant contributes their contribution at their own risk.
History Boys - Did Alex Neil's Hamilton change the course of the SPFL?
When history happens, you don't see it as being of historical importance, you just see it as the present. Even with what the present sees as the biggest events, their relevance in history can be limited. Small things or things we dismiss can be incredible, things that seem huge can be of little future relevance.
When Hamilton Accies beat Hibs on that day at Easter Road last May, my reaction was likely similar to everyone else's - laughing cynically and laughing hard. It was a mildly patronising “Well Done, Accies” and an expectancy of nothing. Come the start of the season I, like everyone else, dismissed Hamilton as a team who would hang about near the bottom and be battling to avoid the drop.
That should have been it. Yet looking back to that fateful day at Easter Road, it's getting hard not to see it as a turning point in not just Hamilton's and Hibs' history, but as a turning point in the entire history of Scottish football.
At its most obvious level, in the history of Alex Neil, winning that match has him the chance to excel in the Premiership, got him his move to Norwich and will likely see him in the EPL next season and is already seeing him hailed as one of the best young managers in the world (quite rightly). Lose that match to Hibs and Neil would likely still be at Hamilton presiding over a playoff effort that no-one would believe in.
It also immediately established the Winner Stays On playoff system in the Premiership as worthwhile as it showed that anything could happen and the metaphorical apple cart could be upset. It made the playoffs something to care about rather than just a curate's egg.
Placing Hibs in the Championship had further ramifications. It meant three big teams would have to fit into two promotion spots. In doing so, it hastened the end of Ally McCoist at Rangers and also hastened the end of Rangers being taken as any sort of serious threat. As a result, it meant Aberdeen could be undisputed as the second best side in the country.
Put simply, Hamilton beating Hibs meant that the order and the old perceptions about the Scottish Leagues were forced to change. In one match, they made more impact on Scottish football than any reconstruction effort. These changes and additional storylines that have threaded through the season have contributed to Scottish football getting over Rangers and seeing the Ibrox club's myriad of messes jump the shark. That one match set the scene for their manager's career to go stratospheric, it created the conditions for McCoist to depart and Rangers to fail which created the conditions for Aberdeen to become Scotland's second club and for the Edinburgh clubs to see a resurgence in popularity. That one game, saw Alex Neil go all Hollywood Hogan and create a new world order.
For all we may have simply laughed at the time, that one match may be the most important domestic game in Scotland this side of Celtic 6 Rangers 2 in setting the scene for a prolonged hierarchy in the league. And that is certainly historic.
ALL THE WINNERS
Supreme Award: Metro Peugeot Restaurant of the Year 2015
Peugeot People's Choice Award for Auckland's Favourite Dish
Best Fine-Dining Restaurant
Best Smart-Dining Restaurant
Best Inner-City Bistro
Best City-Fringe Bistro
Best Neighbourhood Restaurant
Best Destination Restaurant
Restaurateur of the Year
Best Chef
Best Service
Best Restaurant Bar
Best New Restaurant
Best All-day Restaurant
Best New Fitout
Best Value for Money
Judging the restaurant awards gets harder every year. We had six or eight restaurants on our list that had a reasonably strong claim to the title this year, and that meant we did quite a lot of rejudging. In the end, our supreme winner shone through for its combination of quality and originality. We think Cassia is a world-class restaurant, offering extraordinarily good Indian cuisine, with a high commitment to service and an excellent lineup of wine, cocktails, beer and non-alcoholic drinks to back up the food. It's informal and yet sophisticated, super friendly and full of surprises. To walk down the steps into the underground bunker of Cassia is to enter a magic cave where wonderful things can happen.There are some other big winners in our awards. Orphans Kitchen continues to grow in stature, with chef Tom Hishon winning the Best Chef award for the first time. If Auckland has a Rene Redzepi its midst, it's Hishon. On Waiheke, The Oyster Inn has won the Best Destination Restaurant award, also for the first time. And while these places point to a shakeup going on in the industry, that doesn't mean all the old favourites have been swept aside. The Engine Room has won its Best Neighbourhood Bistro category for the 11th straight year. Merediths has regained the top spot in the Fine Dining category, and Michael Meredith's charity work has seen him named Restaurateur of the Year. Long-time Parnell favourite Cibo has won Best Service. And then there is Saan, the Best New Restaurant. Saan's modern Thai offering, alongside Cassia's modern Indian, reinforces what is now a very strong trend in Auckland dining: excellent contemporary ethnic eating.In this month's Metro, we highlight the trends and reveal just why Cassia and Orphans Kitchen are making such an impact. And don't forget: with each copy of the magazine there's a handy booklet introducing the entire Top 50.CassiaOrphans KitchenCibo, Clooney, Cocoro, Coco's Cantina, Depot, Kazuya, Merediths, Saan, Sidart, The Engine Room, The French Café, The GrovePork belly, The Tasting ShedPaella (Casita Miro); Spaghetti & meatballs (Coco's Cantina); Sugar pie (Depot); Slow-braised Lebanese lamb shoulder (Ima); Market fishes with herb risotto (Prego); Steamed buns with roast pork belly (The Blue Breeze Inn); Twice-baked goats' cheese soufflé (The Engine Room).MeredithsThe French Cafe, The GroveCassiaCiboDepotOdettesOrphans KitchenCoco's Cantina, SaanThe Engine RoomCazadorThe Oyster InnCasita MiroMichael Meredith (Merediths)Sid Sahrawat & Chand Sahrawat (Cassia & Sidart)Krishna Botica, Tony McGeorge & Jason Van Dorsten (Café Hanoi & Saan)Andrew Glenn & Jonathan Rutherfurd Best (The Oyster Inn)Josh Helm & Tom Hishon (Orphans Kitchen)Tom Hishon (Orphans Kitchen)Ben Bayly (Baduzzi & The Grove)Javier Carmona (Beirut)Dariush Lolaiy (Cazador)Anthony McNamara (The Oyster Inn)Sid Sahrawat (Cassia & Sidart) Makoto Tokuyama (Cocoro)Lek Trirattanavatin (Saan)CiboDepot, The French CafeApero, Cassia, Merediths, Orphans Kitchen, The Engine Room, The Oyster InnAperoMoltenBeirut, Cassia, Masu, Saan, The Blue Breeze InnSaanBeirutApero, Artwok, Cornwall Park Bistro, Pasta & Cuore, Phil's Kitchen, Spacca, The CulpeperFederal DelicatessenRosieBeirut, Depot, Gusto, Ima, Odettes, Orphans Kitchen, OrtolanaSaanBeirut, Cornwall Park Bistro, SpaccaAperoBeirut, Café Hanoi, Federal Delicatessen, Ima, Spacca
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bizarre new app from Japan promises to tell women their bra size simply by putting a smartphone between their breasts .
The "ChiChi" app is slated to launch in January and, according to its developers, uses the smartphone's camera and sensor in order to detect a women's bust size.
The team behind the self-modelled "healthcare app" reckons that 80% of women in the world are not wearing the correct size bra .
A feminist group in Japan has spoken out against the app, labelling it: "something designed by men that women will have to pay for even though they don't really need it."
"A woman can tell instinctively if a bra fits her or not. That is why you don't see reports from doctors around the world about women complaining of chafing, itching or discomfort from 'wrong' bra sizes," the group said.
ChiChi which, when translated from Japanese, is one of the many words for "boobs" , is currently looking for women to help test out the app before it launches next year.
Unsurprisingly, the app's official website doesn't go into the technical specifics of how the app measures a women's bust.
And what's more, female testers are asked to give their cup size (ahem) upfront, before they are able to proceed.
All of which leads us to question the app's authenticity when it comes to really offering help to women trying to find the correct bra size.
The government of Dorian Gray is showing its age.
Some months ago, I suggested an analogy to the portrait in the story: the prime minister out in public, smiling, unblemished, seemingly ageless, while in an attic somewhere his face was accumulating the marks and lines of his government's many sins.
But something has gone wrong. Justin Trudeau does not seem so visibly unburdened by office any more. The image of youthful idealism is wearing thin. The cracks are starting to show.
Indeed there is accumulating around this government, and more and more around the prime minister himself, an unmistakable odour of hypocrisy and deceit, made more sickly-sweet by the sanctimony in which both are in the habit of expressing themselves.
It won't show up in the polls yet, but they are storing up trouble. Liberals have always to guard against arrogance and self-satisfaction — envy and resentment are the Tory equivalents — and this current generation of Liberals are, let us just say, immensely pleased with themselves. That kind of smugness can lead to overreach and unforced errors, and if not checked will eventually give rise to public loathing. People fall out of love as quickly as they fall in it, as any number of once popular leaders can attest.
They are clever, these Liberals, there's no denying it. They ran a brilliant election campaign, and have handled several files adroitly: the delicate climate change-versus-pipelines dance being perhaps the best example. But on a number of other fronts they have crossed the line separating clever from too-clever-by-half.
There is, first of all, the matter of the pay-to-play fundraisers at which Liberal cabinet ministers keep popping up, and the tone-deaf response from the party and its leader whenever the subject is raised. That ministers of the Crown should not be offering privileged access to themselves as an inducement to party contributors is axiomatic. That the amounts are smaller than in years past, or in some provinces today, is no defence — still less so that other favourite Liberal talking point, that no law explicitly forbids it.
Indeed, the practice would appear to be in direct violation of the prime minister's own ethical guidelines for ministers, notably the bit about how “there should be no preferential access or appearance of preferential access accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties.” That the prime minister is himself the latest to be caught in this compromising position, at a private dinner with some Chinese billionaires — with an echo of Clintonian side-dealing, in the form of a six-figure donation to the Trudeau Foundation and a $50,000 statue of Trudeau père — only adds to the sense of an ethics code whose first line is “do as I say, not as I do.”
People fall out of love as quickly as they fall in it, as any number of once popular leaders can attest.
Then there is the matter of the prime minister's “nonpartisan” Senate appointments. This is, to be polite, a con, as is the claim that they represent a glittering “diversity” of backgrounds. They may come in different skin colours and chromosome counts, but their professional backgrounds are almost comically uniform, virtually every one drawn from Liberal client groups in the state sector and activist community, and while they may not be active Liberal partisans, the likelihood that they would pose any obstacle to the Liberals' agenda is nil. That's fine: so long as the Senate is unelected they shouldn't. It's when another government, of another party, comes to power that the potential for crisis looms.
A third point where the government's devious slip is showing: electoral reform, and the public consultations in which a special parliamentary committee has been engaged these past several months. There is no debating this: as a matter of public record, the overwhelming majority of the representations made to the committee, whether from experts or members of the public, favoured some form of proportional representation. Yet the Minister of Democratic Institutions, Maryam Monsef, in what can only be described as an attempt to gaslight the committee, maintains that the consultations revealed “no consensus” on the way forward, while the government readies a separate consultation process, developed in secret, with which to cast doubt on the committee's findings.
Where should we turn next? To the “interim” purchase of 18 new Super Hornet fighter jets as a replacement for what are universally described as “our aging CF-18s,” with an “open” competition for a more permanent replacement to follow — a competition that cannot possibly be truly open, in the circumstances, and that will now formally include the F-35s, in either case in violation of explicit Liberal campaign promises?
To the military mission in Iraq, and the ever more absurd logical and linguistic contortions needed to maintain the government's original pretence that our forces are playing a “non-combat” role?
To the ongoing fraud that is the federal budget: not only the officially announced deficits, nearly three times what were promised, but what is widely acknowledged to be a massive effort to manipulate the numbers to fit the government's political needs?
Are these the worst examples of government cynicism we've seen? Hardly. The Harper government set new records in that game. But this is a government that asked people to believe they were different, that made a great show of their sincerity, offering as a token of their good faith no less a surety than the prime minister's smiling, unlined face. Only he seems to have acquired a few wrinkles around the eyes.
JAKARTA -- At odds with Indonesia over territory, China has launched its trademark charm offensive: flying in two giant pandas in a show of goodwill.
The animals, named Cai Tao and Hu Chun, caught a ride on a Garuda Indonesia flight from the Chinese city of Chengdu to Jakarta on Thursday morning. So far, however, their arrival has generated relatively little fanfare, suggesting the rift between the countries might not be so easily closed.
The panda lease agreement was sealed in 2010, when Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was Indonesia's president. Sun Weide, the charge d'affaires at the Chinese Embassy, announced the animals' imminent arrival last Friday at a news conference at the Indonesian Environment and Forestry Ministry. He called the pandas a symbol of stronger bilateral cooperation.
Indonesian officials, too, are hoping the move will help put the relationship back on track.
The relations deteriorated last year, when Indonesian authorities tried to seize a Chinese fishing boat operating in the country's exclusive economic zone off the Natuna Islands -- at the southern tip of the South China Sea. The China Coast Guard obstructed the patrol and freed the boat.
Indonesia lodged a protest, and it was none other than Sun who argued that the waters in question are a traditional Chinese fishing ground.
The dispute appears to be affecting economic ties. The two countries plan to jointly build a high-speed railway connecting Jakarta and Bandung. But while they have signed a financing contract, there has been almost no progress on construction.
Cai Tao and Hu Chun arrive at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, on the outskirts of Jakarta, on Sept. 28. (Photo by Jun Suzuki)
Anti-China sentiment has been building, fanned by a rumor that some 20 million Chinese laborers were working at a power plant construction site and elsewhere in Indonesia. Officials denied the speculation.
All of this may explain why, the day after Sun's news conference, the pandas garnered little coverage in major Indonesian newspapers.
China's "panda diplomacy" has been received far more warmly in other Southeast Asian countries. In 2012, the Monetary Authority of Singapore issued commemorative coins. When pandas arrived in Malaysia two years later, the country issued special postage stamps.
Cai Tao and Hu Chun are due to debut in public at Taman Safari Bogor, a theme park in West Java, as early as November. Sources say Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Chinese President Xi Jinping may visit the safari park together, to underscore the symbolism.
The question is whether the critters' knack for melting hearts will change Indonesian public perceptions of Beijing.
The Curse of Harry Nilsson
While many purveyors of early Rock & Roll are familiar with the "curse" of Buddy Holly, most are not aware of the fatal bad luck that seemed to be connected to singer/songwriter Harry Nilsson. Harry Nilsson's popularity lasted from the late 1960s until roughly the mid-1970s. His hits include, "You Can't Do That," "Everybody's Talkin'," "One" (as recorded by Three Dog Night), "Best Friend" (the theme from television's The Courtship of Eddie's Father), "I Guess the Lord Must Be in New York City," "Me and My Arrow," Badfinger's "Without You," "Coconut," "Jump Into the Fire" and "Spaceman." While a luminary of the Rock pantheon, Nilsson kept famous and talented company. Curiously, many who claimed Nilsson's association came to untimely and tragic ends.
Badfinger
Badfinger: Mike Gibbins, Pete Ham, Tom Evans, & Joey Molland
Badfinger's career was plagued by chaotic finances, dubious management and legal woes. In 1970, the band (Tom Evans, Mike Gibbins, Pete Ham and Joey Molland) released the album, No Dice, containing the track "Without You" (written by Evans and Ham). The song was unremarkable. A year later, Harry Nilsson covered "Without You"; it stayed at #1 on the charts for four weeks. In 1975, Pete Ham, distressed over the state of his personal finances, hanged himself in his garage/studio. He was 28. Tom Evans, reportedly after an argument with Joey Molland over the royalty division for "Without You," hanged himself in the garden of his home. It was 1983 and he was 36. Mike Gibbins would die in his sleep in 2005 - at the ripe old age of 56.
"Mama" Cass
The Mamas & The Papas: Denny Doherty (d. 2007), Cass Elliot (d. 1974), John Phillips (d. 2001), and Michelle Phillips.
During the 1970s, Nilsson owned a flat at 12 Curzon Place in London. In 1974, Cass Elliot, formerly of The Mamas and the Papas, was performing at the London Palladium. Nilsson allowed Elliot to use his apartment while he was out of the country. On 29 July 1974, Mama Cass was found dead in the bedroom of Nilsson's apartment, of heart failure. She was 32. (Elliot's bandmates, John Phillips and Denny Doherty would also fail to reach old age. Phillips died in 2001 at age 65 from heart failure, and Doherty passed away at age 66 after a brief illness in 2005.)
Marc Bolan
Harry Nilsson and Marc Bolan
Harry Nilsson and Marc Bolan were friends. At 5 am on 15 September 1977, Bolan and his girlfriend, Gloria Jones, were returning from a long night out when she crashed their Mini 1275 GT into a tree. Jones was seriously injured; Bolan was killed instantly.
Keith Moon
On 6 September 1978, Keith Moon, eccentric drummer for The Who, previewed The Buddy Holly Story and dined with his girlfriend, Annette Walter-Lax, and Paul and Linda McCartney. Moon and Walter-Lax returned to a flat owned by Harry Nilsson - the same flat at 12 Curzon Place, London, where "Mama" Cass Elliot had died four years earlier. Moon supposedly woke up at 7:30 on the morning of the seventh, and returned to bed. At 3:40 pm, Walter-Lax tried to wake him, but he was unresponsive. At some point during the previous night or that morning, he had ingested 32 tablets of Clomethiazole (Heminevrin), a sedative prescribed for alcohol withdrawal. Keith Moon was dead of a prescription drug overdose. (The Who's bassist, John Entwistle, would die from a heart attack brought on by cocaine use in 2002. Entwistle was 57.) Read more about Moon's connection to the Curse of Buddy Holly.
John Lennon
John Lennon with Harry Nilsson
John Lennon was a fan of Nilsson's since 1968. They forged a lasting friendship and became notorious drinking buddies. Lennon turned to Nilsson during his separation from wife, Yoko Ono, in 1974, and the two embarked on a campaign of drunken and drug-induced chaos.
On 8 December 1980, Lennon and Ono were returning home to the Dakota Apartments in New York City when deranged fan, Mark David Chapman, shot the ex-Beatle to death. Lennon was 40. While still with The Beatles, Lennon was asked how he expected to die. He lightly answered: "I'll probably be popped off by some loony."
Fellow Beatle, George Harrison, passed away in 2001 at the age of 58. The cause was cancer. (Lennon and Harrison also figure into the Curse of Buddy Holly.)
Dean Martin, Jr.
Back row: Paul and Linda McCartney, Dean Martin, Jr. and Harry Nilsson.
Front: Billie Jean King, Elton John and Martina Navratilova
Photo by Terry O'Neill, 1975.
The above photo shows Harry Nilsson with some very famous friends. Next to him in the picture is Dean ("Dino") Martin, Jr. Martin was a member of Dino, Desi and Billy and the son of legendary Rat Packer, Dean Martin. Junior died when the Air National Guard jet he was piloting crashed into a mountain in 1987. He was 35.
Jesse Ed Davis
Harry Nilsson
Jesse Edwin Davis was a respected and popular session guitarist who appeared on albums by Eric Clapton, Jackson Browne, Leonard Cohen, Steve Miller, fellow Nilsson-cursed musicians Keith Moon and John Lennon and - who else? - Harry Nilsson. He also participated in George Harrison's (see 2001) The Concert for Bangladesh. Davis collapsed and was pronounced dead in a laundry room in Venice, California in 1988. He had various drugs in his system, but his death is thought to have been caused by a heroin overdose. He was 43 years old.
Although he survived most of the others by at least ten years, Harry Nilsson was not able to escape the bad luck that seemed to follow him. He suffered a massive heart attack in 1993. He passed away on 15 January 1994 of heart failure. He was 52.
Linda McCartney
Back row: Paul and Linda McCartney, Dean Martin, Jr. and Harry Nilsson.
Front: Billie Jean King, Elton John and Martina Navratilova
Photo by Terry O'Neill, 1975.
The above photo shows Harry Nilsson backstage at Wembley Stadium with some famous friends, including Linda McCartney. McCartney, a photographer, member of the pop group Wings and wife of Paul McCartney, succumbed to breast cancer in 1998. She was 56.
Bruce Gary
Gary was the original drummer for the Knack ("My Sharona") and recorded with solo artists including George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Stephen Stills, Yoko Ono, and Harry Nilsson. He died in 2004 from lymphoma. He was 55.
Urban Zakapa has done it again!
On November 9, the soulful group scored an all-kill with their newly-released track “When We Were Two,” despite Melomance's hold over No. 1 on various music charts the past few weeks. The track placed No. 1 on Melon, Bugs, Mnet, Olleh Music, Soribada, Genie, Naver, and Monkey3.
A source from their agency, MakeUs Entertainment, stated, “Thank you to everyone who has given ‘When We Were Two' so much love. It was Park Yong In's first title track since the group's debut. The members were all nervous about this song, but they are very thankful and happy about the praise the track has been receiving. They will work hard to create good music in the future.”
Produced by Urban Zakapa's Park Yong In, “When We Were Two” is a ballad about the current self letting go of past emotions that they long for.
Congratulations to Urban Zakapa!
Source (1)
Twiddle has announced that they will be joining reggae acts Stick Figure and Iya Terra for the ‘Above The Storm' tour early next year. The tour, with more dates yet to be announced, will kick off in Philadelphia on January 17th and will run through the midwest with stops planned for Cleveland, Chicago, Madison, Minneapolis and Omaha before heading west to Boise, Spokane, Crystal Bay, San Luis Obispo and Las Vegas.
Tickets will go on sale Friday, October 13th. Stay tuned for more details.
‘Above The Storm' Tour
Jan 17 – Philadelphia, PA
Jan 18 – Cleveland, OH
Jan 19 – Chicago, IL
Jan 20 – Madison, WI
Jan 21 – Minneapolis, MN
Jan 25 – Omaha, NE
Jan 30 – Boise, ID
Jan 31 – Spokane, WA
Feb 07 – Crystal Bay, NV
Feb 08 – San Luis Obispo, CA
Feb 09 – Las Vegas, NV
Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham on Wednesday joked that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE should hold a campaign rally every week, saying she knew Tuesday's rally was a success because of the “ashen faces” she saw on cable news.
“Trump [should] give a national a big rally speech every week. The ashen faces on cable this morning tell you how successful it was. Very.” she tweeted.
Trump shd give a national a big rally speech every week. The ashen faces on cable this morning tell you how successful it was. Very. — Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) August 23, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump was harshly criticized on cable news after his rally Tuesday night in Phoenix. During the event, Trump hinted that he would pardon former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was recently found guilty of contempt of court after he was ordered to stop racially profiling people he considered to be in the country illegally.
He also threatened to shut down the government over funding for a border wall, criticized Republican senators and partially re-read his response to the Charlottesville white supremacist rally while leaving out key passages.
CNN's Don Lemon said after the speech that Trump "lied directly to the American people." MSNBC's Joe Scarborough said Wednesday morning that Trump was "at his worst," calling the rally "hateful" and "frightening."
Photo
Donald J. Trump is going to spend his time in the coming weeks before the Republican Party's nominating convention in July considering a running mate, musing potential Supreme Court picks — and, possibly, heading to Scotland for a ribbon-cutting.
Mr. Trump is considering whether to travel to Scotland in June for the unveiling of the renovated Trump Turnberry, a famous golf course that he acquired in 2014 and which has hosted championships.
“We just did a massive renovation of the whole place,” Mr. Trump said in an interview this week. “We're having an opening in June, and the question is, will I fly over, cut the ribbon and fly right back, or not.”
Such a trip could have advantages, particularly if Mr. Trump was able to schedule meetings with European officials to add a presidential patina.
But it would also take him off the campaign trail in a heated battle over the economy and jobs.
Such foreign trips taken by presidential nominees, if they include ceremonial stops and meetings, can be fraught with peril. Mitt Romney's trip to Europe in 2012 was pockmarked with troublesome encounters and negative headlines. So was a trip taken by Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey in late 2014.
The Fight Against the Superbug
When Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin in 1928, it was one of the world's first true antibiotics to ever be successful in eliminating infectious disease. Since then, antibiotics have been essential to preventing avoidable deaths.
But a troubling reality faces us all. Throughout all of Earth's evolutionary history, multicellular organisms have continually changed and adapted. But unicellular bacteria evolve so quickly, that a majority are now resistant to a wide array of antibiotics. The problem of antibiotic resistance is so serious, that the United Nations placed it at crisis level along with HIV.
As a response, scientists have taken on the challenge to solving this global pandemic. One group of scientists from Oregon State University (OSU) recently discovered a weapon in fighting antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Their findings were recently published in the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy.
These scientists found their answer inside a peptide-conjugated phosphorodiamidate morpholino oligomer (PPMO) molecule. They believe that this molecule could combat an enzyme produced by bacteria called New Delhi metallo-beta-lactamase (NDM-1) which is responsible for coding resistance along with several other genes.
Various popular artists will be releasing a campaign song for the upcoming Olympics!
On October 17, the Korea Entertainment Producers' Association revealed, “A campaign song that the entire country can sing along to in February during the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics is being produced for free digital release.”
14 artists (a total of 24 people) including Super Junior, Sunmi, Baek Ji Young, Bobby Kim, Kim Jo Han, and The One are currently recording at a studio in Seoul.
The track is not an official song by Pyeongchang Organizing Committee for the 2018 Olympic & Paralympic Winter Games, but a campaign song organized by the Korea Entertainment Producers' Association for the entire country to enjoy. The song title is yet to be decided, but once production is complete, it will be released online for free.
Source (1)
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Words don't matter. That's what Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said for many years about Palestinian promises of peace. What matters is what the Palestinians do. To achieve statehood, they must define clear borders, end legal claims to Israeli land, and help secure Israel against terrorism.
But now that Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, is delivering security and pressing for sovereign borders in an appeal to the United Nations, Netanyahu's attitude has changed. The prime minister is finding new reasons to impede or complicate the quest for Palestinian statehood, based on Abbas' words, not his deeds. It's a cynical game of semantics.
On Friday, as both men spoke at the U.N., Netanyahu tried to exploit four key terms:
1. Negotiate. In his speech, Netanyahu framed Abbas' request for U.N. recognition as evidence that “‘the Palestinians have refused to negotiate” with Israel. “We need to have real security arrangements, which the Palestinians simply refuse to negotiate with us,” said Netanyahu.
Nonsense. The P.A. has been negotiating with Israel all along. They just don't call it negotiation. Their emissaries meet backstage to negotiate terms of negotiation. It's stubborn, slow, often petty, and seldom productive. But it's still negotiation. In recent months, Abbas has met secretly with Israeli President Shimon Peres at least four times to negotiate possible negotiations.
The Palestinian bid for U.N. recognition is itself a negotiating strategy: Abbas hopes it will give him leverage in talks with Israel. He said so in his speech: U.N. recognition “enhances the chances of success of the negotiations.” Abbas blamed the breakdown of talks on Israel's refusal to accept “terms of reference for the negotiations.” In other words, Abbas is trying to negotiate better terms for negotiation.
2. Jewish state. Netanyahu told the U.N. that “the core of the conflict has always been and unfortunately remains the refusal of the Palestinians to recognize a Jewish state in any border.” More nonsense. The “Jewish state” formula is an issue Netanyahu cooked up in the last couple of years. In 1993, the Palestinian Liberation Organization recognized “the right of the State of Israel to exist in peace and security.” Abbas has reaffirmed this commitment. So Netanyahu has tacked on an additional demand: The recognition must specify Israel's Jewish character.
Why? How Israel defines its religiosity is none of Palestine's business. The only aspects of Israeli statehood Palestine is obliged to affirm are what it has already agreed to: peace and security. So why is Netanyahu hell-bent on the “Jewish” part? Apparently because he thinks it will preclude the asserted right of Palestinians to return to Israeli land they fled in 1948. “We just don't want the Palestinians to try to change the Jewish character of our state,” he told the U.N. “We want them to give up the fantasy of flooding Israel with millions of Palestinians.”
If that's the issue, then say so. Don't paper it over with this “Jewish state” stuff. Three million Palestinians live in Jordan, and many, if not most, would be eligible for a right of return to Israel. Yet Israel's 1994 peace treaty with Jordan includes no acknowledgment of a Jewish state. So you don't need “Jewish state” language to make peace or avert a flood of Palestinians. You just need to negotiate the right of return, or lack thereof.
3. 1948. In his speech, Abbas recalled the “Nakba” (catastrophe) of 1948, in which Palestinians “were forced to leave their homes and their towns” during Israel's war of independence. He told the U.N.: “After 63 years of suffering of the ongoing Nakba: Enough. It is time for the Palestinian people to gain their freedom and independence.” These remarks echoed what Abbas said two weeks earlier: “We have been under occupation for 63 years.”
Netanyahu pounced on Abbas' words:
He said that the core of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is the settlements. Well, that's odd. Our conflict … was raging for nearly half a century before there was a single Israeli settlement in the West Bank. So … I guess that the settlements he's talking about are Tel Aviv, Haifa, Jaffa, Be'er Sheva. Maybe that's what he meant the other day when he said that Israel has been occupying Palestinian land for 63 years. He didn't say from 1967; he said from 1948.
This is another Netanyahu ploy. Of course Abbas regards all Israeli territory as occupied. That doesn't mean he won't cede it. He explicitly said he would:
In the absence of absolute justice, we decided to adopt the path of relative justice—justice that is possible and could correct part of the grave historical injustice committed against our people. Thus, we agreed to establish the State of Palestine on only 22 percent of the territory of historical Palestine—on all the Palestinian Territory occupied by Israel in 1967.
So when Netanyahu accuses Abbas of refusing to accept Israel's 1948 borders, he isn't identifying a substantive issue. He's using a clash of narratives to cloud the Palestinian case against new West Bank settlements.
4. Peace. Netanyahu told the U.N. that Israel presented a “sweeping peace offer” in 2008, but “President Abbas didn't even respond to it.” He charged that “the Palestinians want a state without peace” and that they “should first make peace with Israel and then get their state.”
Make peace with Israel? How? By signing a piece of paper? Or by not killing Israelis?
For many years, Netanyahu's principal contribution to the Israeli-Palestinian relationship has been his insistence on “peace with security.” What matters, on this view, is what you do, not what you say. If Palestinians sign the Oslo accords but then launch an intifada of suicide bombings against Israel, that isn't peace. And that's exactly what happened under Yasser Arafat, as Netanyahu reminded the U.N.
But in that case, the true measure of Abbas' commitment to peace is Palestinian violence. Abbas became prime minister of the P.A. in 2003 and president in 2005. During his tenure, Palestinian violence against Israelis has plummeted. In 2001 and 2002, more than 3,500 Israeli civilians were wounded in terror attacks, according to official Israeli data. After that, the tally of wounded fell by half almost every year. By 2007, it was down to 110. In 2002, suicide terror attacks killed 220 Israelis. By 2004, that number was down to 55. By 2007, it had fallen to three. So far in 2011, Israel has reported 12 deaths in Israeli territory from Palestinian violence. Of these, virtually all were traced to militants from Gaza, which Hamas controls. The data show no known fatal terror attacks in Israel from the Abbas-controlled West Bank.
None of this invalidates Netanyahu's legitimate concerns. Israel has well-founded fears for its security, backed up by years of Palestinian terrorism and the rise of Hamas in Gaza. Netanyahu is right that Israel's withdrawals from Lebanon and Gaza failed to bring peace. Palestinians, intermediary nations, and international bodies will have to do a much better job of planning and delivering Israeli security in a transition to Palestinian statehood.
But facts are facts. Abbas has proved his commitment to peace on the ground, and he has agreed to give up more than three-quarters of the original Palestine. The right of return will have to be negotiated, as will settlements, and no diversionary alarms about the Nakba or acknowledging Israel as a Jewish state will change that. Netanyahu has a tough job ahead of him. All we can ask is that he do it.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter. William Saletan's latest short takes on the news, via Twitter:
What's it like to live in space? As this new NASA video shows, you get to float around, talk to folks on Earth, and your personal space is not much bigger than you are.
Koichi Wakata, an astronaut with the Japanese space agency JAXA, gives a little tour of the crew quarters in one of the International Space Station's modules, which he describes as "a really neat place and comfortable to live in." Of course, Wakata is a pro at this kind of thing, having a two-decade career in spaceflight, including four space shuttle missions and a previous stay on the ISS. He shows off a fairly cramped personal space, about the size of an old-fashioned telephone booth.
Inside is a sleeping bag affixed to the wall, which keeps astronauts from flying around and knocking into anything when resting. Wakata gets two computers, one for official business and scheduling and another with internet access, from which he tweets incredible photos of the Earth. He is also able to place personal calls to family and friends with the help of a camera and headphones.
Astronauts on the space station spend much of their time conducting experiments, especially those related to the changes occurring in the human body in zero-g. NASA and other space agencies are trying to figure out how to combat long-term degenerative problems such as blindness and bone loss that serve as impediments to long duration spaceflight.
After the next space station crew changeover happens in May, Wakata will become ISS commander, the first JAXA astronaut to hold this position.
Video: NASA
Hold on to your tentacles! This amiibo 2-pack features the hottest idol group in Inkopolis, the Squid Sisters! Callie & Marie are striking sassy poses and looking as fashionable as ever, and with their glittery outfits they seriously dazzle. Add these stylish squids to your amiibo collection today, and don't forget to staaay fresh!
Check out the other Splatoon amiibo and prepare the slickest inking team around!
Callie
Callie is the cheeriest member of the pop idol duo known as the Squid Sisters in the Splatoon game. Along with Marie, she hosts Inkopolis News and Splatfest events, in which Inklings pick one of two sides and battle the opposing team in Turf War. These two cousins rose to fame after winning Calamari County's first annual Youth Folk-Singing Contest, and their remarkable voices continue to rock Inkopolis!
Marie
Marie is the sassiest member of the pop idol duo known as the Squid Sisters in the Splatoon game. Along with Callie, she hosts Inkopolis News and Splatfest events, in which Inklings pick one of two sides and battle the opposing team in Turf War. These two cousins rose to fame after winning Calamari County's first annual Youth Folk-Singing Contest, and their remarkable voices continue to rock Inkopolis!
What are amiibo?
amiibo are fun, high-quality Near Field Communication (NFC) figures to collect that also unlock special in-game extras for Nintendo Wii U and 3DS games. Your amiibo can be trained, used to unlock new Mii outfits and character powers, and much more in a variety of games! Enjoy the newest way to play with amiibo!
It was recently drawn to my attention that the fact-checking and debunking website Snopes links to a blog post of mine, on the subject of the hoax that regularly circulates about chariot wheels allegedly being found in the Red Sea.
It struck me not long after that that hoax is in fact an example of “fake news.” Fake news has been around in matters related to religion for a long time. The fake story that Charles Darwin repudiated evolution on his deathbed is another famous example. Things that were supposedly done, or discovered, circulated in the knowledge that even the most thorough debunking imaginable will never succeed in altogether reversing the impact the falsehood makes. Some people will not read or hear the follow-up. Some will be presented with counter-evidence and will choose not to accept it, because they are more predisposed to believe the fake news.
Some will believe that a resurrection has occurred even if they are presented with a corpse, and some will refuse to believe that one has occurred even if they see the nail scars.
Religion of a certain type makes it meritorious to believe. But the issue, as illustrated in the sentence above, is that refusal to accept counter-evidence isn't “faith,” it is stubbornness, arrogance, dogmatism, and unteachability. It is a way of making oneself imperveous to truth if one has already embraced lies, and convincing oneself that one's unwillingness to accept correction is a good thing.
Of related interest, Jim Palmer blogged about “fake religion.” I think his point would have been stronger if he had zeroed in on “fake Christianity” or “fake Islam” ot something more specific. There is no one thing that is inherent to religion, as normally understood and practiced. But one can look at the founder, the roots, and/or the core teachings of a religious tradition, and evaluate purported examples of it on that basis.
And approached that way, there is indeed a lot of fake Christianities around.
And a lot of it thrives on fake news.
Saying President Donald Trump has created “undue fear” in New Mexico's immigrant community with threats of massive deportations of undocumented residents, an Albuquerque Democrat introduced a bill that would prohibit state and local police from arresting people based solely on their immigration status.
House Bill 116, sponsored by Rep. Patricia Roybal Caballero, would bar police from using state or federal “funds, equipment, personnel or resources” for detecting or apprehending a person whose only violation of law is entering or residing illegally in the U.S.
“I'm trying to make sure our communities are protected, so they don't fear any negative repercussions from Trump's threats” Roybal Caballero told The New Mexican
A spokesman for the governor said in an email Tuesday that “while we haven't reviewed the legislation, the governor's stance on these issues has always been clear. As a former prosecutor from a border district for more than 20 years, it's never been about immigration — it's about public safety.”
During her first month in office in 2011, Martinez issued an executive order that nullified New Mexico's status as a “sanctuary” state. That order, which applied to state police and other law enforcement agencies under the governor, said “State law enforcement officers shall inquire into the criminal suspect's immigration status, and report relevant information to federal immigration enforcement authorities.”
on Tuesday.
But even if the bill makes it through the Democrat-controlled Legislature, it's likely to be vetoed by Republican Gov. Susana Martinez.
Martinez's 2010 order nullified a 2005 executive order by Democratic Gov. Bill Richardson that prohibited state law enforcement officers from inquiring about a criminal suspect's immigration status.
Another section of Martinez's order forbade law enforcement officers from asking the immigration status of “crime victims, witnesses, or others who call or approach law enforcement seeking assistance or reporting a crime.”
“Our immigrants are productive citizens,” Roybal Caballero said, though technically those who came to the country illegally aren't citizens. “They pay taxes. They're involved in their children's schools. A lot of [immigrant] parents volunteer at schools. They're just trying to maintain their lives. Why subject them to undue fear?”
State and local police should concentrate on enforcing state laws and “keeping bad criminals out of our neighborhoods,” she said.
Trump, in addition to his promise to build a large wall on the Mexican border, has said he intends to deport millions of undocumented immigrants. He also threatened to cut off federal funding for “sanctuary” cities that don't cooperate with immigration officials in deporting undocumented immigrants.
However, earlier this week White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that the administration's first priority is deporting those with criminal records. But, he added, “Then we're going to continue to work through the entire number of folks that are here illegally.”
Contact Steve Terrell at 505-986-3037 or sterrell@sfnewmexican.com. Read his political blog at www.santafenewmexican.com/news/blogs/ politics.
Correction: This story originally had the wrong byline. It has been changed to the correct byline, Steve Terrell of The New Mexican.
Shaina Nana Chudasama (born 1 December 1972),[a] better known by her abbreviated name Shaina NC, is an Indian fashion designer, politician, and social worker. A daughter of the former Sheriff of Mumbai, Shaina is known in the Indian fashion industry as the 'Queen of Drapes' for draping a saree (sari) in fifty-four different ways. She holds a record in the Guinness Book of World Records for fastest saree drape. She entered politics in 2004 and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). She holds the positions of national spokesperson for the BJP, member of the national executive council of BJP, and treasurer of the BJP's Maharashtra unit. Shaina is also involved in social work through her charity fashion shows and two NGOs, 'I Love Mumbai' and 'Giants International'. As a female politician, she is often projected as the young, urbane, and women-friendly face of the BJP in television debates. Contents
Personal life Edit
Career Edit
Social work Edit
As a woman in politics Edit
Notes Edit
a b c [41] As per affidavit filed by Shaina to [42][43] Her age can be 31 on 22 Sep 2004 only if she is born on 1 December 1972. In a YouTube video, Shaina's birth date is declared to be on 1 December in the presence of Shaina and other BJP leaders.As per affidavit filed by Shaina to Election Commission of India on 22 September 2004, her age was 31.Her age can be 31 on 22 Sep 2004 only if she is born on 1 December 1972.
Rainbow flags were held and waved with pride across the city during New York's annual Pride Parade on Fifth Avenue Sunday, however there were also a few somber moments as the parade took place just two weeks after the June 12 terrorist attack that killed 49 and wounding 53 at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando.
49 participants in New York's Pride Parade wore all white and veils to honor the 49 victims of the terrorist attack. Each carried a sign and a photo of the victims.
Hillary Clinton also participated in the parade for four city blocks.
Some pride-goers wore hats and shirts mocking Donald Trump's “Make America Great Again” slogan with “Make America Gay Again.”
Others held up a massive banner that read “Republican Hate Kills!”
Um... among the list of adjectives applicable to the Islamic terrorist in Orlando, you picked one not on the list. pic.twitter.com/EwUXdTSKfL — Jazz Shaw (@JazzShaw) June 26, 2016
I asked people, at random, if they were more or less likely to support Donald Trump after the Orlando terrorist attack.
“It's a terrifying prospect, after Orlando,” one girl said. “All of the hate he propagates…that's what that's all going to.”
Some attendees were much more vocal about their hatred towards the presumptive GOP nominee saying “F**K Donald Trump! F**K him! I hate him!” Another Pride attendee said, “He can die and burn in hell.”
A couple of people replied that they didn't support either Trump or Hillary Clinton.
Another attendee who was taking a break from the parade in Washington Square Park said, “There's not enough money in the world for me to vote for Trump because he's a racist and a bigot.”
Watch the video below: WARNING: This video contains strong language.
Dao Fork Spoof Attacks
Disclaimer
This article has not been thoroughly peer reviewed. Usually I would wait longer for input for others, however the speed at which the DAO hard fork is being developed and rolled out leaves little room. As such, please wait before drawing final conclusions on the viability of this attack.
Description
In the seconds after the DAO hard fork is applied, there will be a split in the network. A pro-fork miner will broadcast a block that many of its peers believe to be invalid. Those nodes will refuse to relay those blocks and the network will begin to split.
Processing bad blocks is costly, so it would be much quicker to peer up to nodes on the same side of the fork. This is especially true for pro-fork nodes, since they are in the numerical (but not necessarily economic) minority and likely will be for the near future. Until the network split completes, nodes are essentially running spam attacks against each other.
In order to facillitate this network split, the geth team included a special handshake, whereby a node requests its peers' DAO fork block to check if it's header contains an extra-data field of “dao-hard-fork”. These extra-data fields are typically used by miners for vanity reasons, but are being co-opted for the hard fork.
The catch, however, is that miners can choose whatever extra-data field they like – regardless of their position on the fork. So an anti-fork miner could easily include the relevant extra-data, and claim the block its propagating is on the dao-fork. Such a block would be accepted by geth 1.4.10 clients (who aren't running --oppose-dao-fork and are synced with --fast ) and all clients below 1.14.10. The blocks would then be propogated to their peers, who would begin the costlier process of transaction validating and removing peers.
The geth team seems to be concerned enough about this attack, that they included a settings override to stop miners from attempting to spoof the chain. However, miners who do not upgrade to 1.4.10 are more than able to spoof it.
Attack Execution
Executing the attack is incredibly simple for pro-fork miners
Don't upgrade to 1.4.10 (you can check your current version with geth version ) Restart geth with --extradata="dao-hard-fork" Continue to mine as normal If you're lucky enough to get block #1920000, you'll have initated a network-wide spoof attack
Solutions
The UK's financial regulatory body has issued a press release warning consumers about the risk of investing in Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs).
ICOs are very high-risk, speculative investments.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said ICOs are very high-risk and that anyone investing should be prepared to lose their entire stake.
The FCA does not have the power to regulate a high majority of ICO's as they fall outside of their legal boundaries, but some may be conducting regulated activities including the exchanges selling the tokens.
We have issued a consumer warning about the risks associated with Initial Coin Offerings (‘ICOs'): https://t.co/UorniFOQdI — FCA (@TheFCA) September 12, 2017
If you are not aware of how ICO's operate they work similar to normal crowd funding events but instead of investors paying in fiat they are paid for with a token or coin e.g Ethereum or Bitcoin in return for a project token.
It has been estimated that around £1bn in fiat has been invested into ICO's so far and this number is growing exponentially.
The FCA's warning issued today swiftly follows the People's Bank of China who have allegedly issued similar warnings and have recently “banned” some ICO's although experts say this ban was temporary.
You should be conscious of the risks involved and fully research the specific project if you are thinking about buying digital tokens.
As with any ICO's we recommend carrying out your own independent research to ensure the legitimacy and that it's worth risking your own money. Common red flags include no whitepaper, unverifiable team members (missing Linkedin profiles or social profiles), projects in the very early stages without any prototype. ALl in all the best policy is to just use common sense when assessing each project and remember if something sounds too good to be true then it probably is.
A woman whom Service Canada incorrectly registered as dead says she's still very much alive.
"I feel pretty good," Sharon Beggs, of Chilliwack, B.C., told CTV Vancouver on Monday.
Beggs says she learned of her untimely death from Service Canada, after the department sent her a letter demanding she return a recently-issued GST check because she was dead. Service Canada also said it was going to cancel her Old Age Security and disability payments.
"They said my files had been closed because I passed away," Beggs said.
The Chilliwack senior tried to sort the issue out with Service Canada by phone, but that only created more confusion. Service Canada told Beggs her daughters had declared her dead, but Beggs says she doesn't have any daughters.
"Do you know my daughters? Because I don't know my daughters," she told them.
CTV Vancouver accompanied Beggs to a Service Canada office on Monday, where she was brought back to life, legally-speaking.
"Mrs. Beggs was wrongfully registered as being deceased in Service Canada systems," the department told CTV News in a statement. Service Canada apologized and blamed human error for the problem, which it called an "extremely rare situation."
"We understand that this situation has been very disturbing for Mrs. Beggs, and our first priority was to ensure that she continued to receive her monthly benefits, which she did," Service Canada said.
With her benefits and her life restored, Beggs says she's still trying to wrap her head around her bizarre death and resurrection.
"It just kind of blows my mind that I've passed before my time," she said.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Ross McLaughlin
Featured image courtesy of John Cafazza.
If a glass of wine puts you to sleep, but harder drinks out with friends pump you up, you're not alone. Drawing on data from the Global Drug Survey, researchers analysed how 30,000 young adults from 21 countries responded to questions about how they feel after drinking alcohol. Respondents reported different reactions depending on the type of alcohol consumed. Study author Mark Bellis , a researcher at Public Health Wales, tells us more.Achieving emotional and mood changes are major reasons why people consume alcohol, but for people to make informed choices about how much to drink, they need to understand the negative as well as the positive emotional changes that come with drinking. This study allowed us to get a fuller picture of the ups and downs people get from drinking, which drinks are linked with which emotions, and which groups are most at risk from some of the most concerning outcomes, such as feeling aggressive.The final study population was just under 30,000 people aged 18-34 year from 21 different countries. They were opportunistic sample, so are not intended to be fully representative of people in each country. Each individual included in the study had drunk all the types of alcohol studied (spirits, beer, and red and white wine) in the last 12 months, so could comment on how each had affected their emotions.Spirits were most strongly associated with feelings of being energised, confident, and sexy. But on the downside, they were also more strongly associated with feeling aggressive, ill, restless, and tearful. Red wine was most strongly associated with feeling relaxed, but also tired. Beer was also associated with feeling relaxed and confident, although it was also associated with high levels of feeling tired.There are many factors that may link different drinks to different emotional outcomes. For instance, spirits are often consumed more quickly and have much higher concentrations of alcohol in them. This can result in a quicker stimulating effect as blood alcohol levels increase. People may also be drinking them deliberately to feel the drunken effect quickly, while other types of drink are more likely to be consumed slowly or with food.It is worth also bearing in mind that there are compounds apart from alcohol in different drinks. Although these are part of the difference in taste between drinks, little consideration has been given to what other affects they may have on the drinker.Another consideration is that a person's expectations about the feelings they will have when drinking may play a part in what they experience—but this can also present a health risk. For instance, our results suggest that people who are heavier drinkers may be relying on certain drinks for energy and confidence, but heavier drinkers are also much more likely to report negative emotions as well.Women tended to report higher levels of all emotional responses to drinking, with the exception of feeling aggressive, which was higher in men.There is plenty of promotional material that pushes the positive emotions people might look for from drinking, but it is important to understand the negative ones as well. If people are to make informed decisions about their drinking, they need to know the full picture of how alcohol affects moods and emotions. We hope this work will help fill a gap. Health professionals have often focused on links between alcohol and cancer, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. The emotional side of drinking is another important aspect to consider when trying to tackle alcohol related harms.Our findings suggest that people who are heavier drinkers more commonly report energy and confidence from drinking, but the negative emotions increase in this group as well. In the heaviest drinking group, over 60 percent reported feelings of aggression from drinking. We hope that the results can help understand and prevent dangerous spirals where some people see drinking as the solution to emotional problems that it is actually aggravating.
It's been nine days since Doug Jones won the Alabama special Senate election and his disgraced opponent Roy Moore still hasn't conceded, resorting instead to posting homophobic messages about Jones' gay son on his Facebook page.
Jones, meanwhile, is still enjoying his victory lap.
On Thursday night, in one of his biggest national TV appearances yet, Jones made his late-night debut with NBC's Seth Meyers, who was a loud critic of Moore's during the bruising campaign. Even before Moore was accused of sexually harassing or assaulting several underage girls, the Late Night host said he was “deeply unfit for office” based on his views about LGBT and Muslim Americans.
“I would think it's safe to say this is the most anyone has ever paid attention to an Alabama senate election,” Meyers told Jones. “And what we saw by paying attention, was your opponent seemed a little extreme at times. He brandished a gun on stage, he rode a horse to vote. From where you were sitting was it as hard to believe at times as it was for people who were maybe new to this?”
“No, it was hard to believe all the time,” Jones deadpanned. “It was surreal to watch some of that.”
As Jones explained it, he won as a Democrat in Alabama by being true to himself and keeping the focus on “kitchen table issues.” Now, he has said he wants to work with President Donald Trump and Republicans when he gets to the Senate. “You've got to try to reach out, but it's one of those things, they've got to want to work with you as well,” he said. At the same time, he did not hold back at criticizing the GOP for rushing to pass a tax cut for the rich while dragging their feet on funding the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP).
“They were looking for a political win,” Jones said of the Republicans. “They've not seen anything that's really been, legislatively, a win for them. They needed something by the end of the year. So unfortunately, the CHIP program and others got just kind of shoved to the wayside.”
Meyers also gave Jones a chance to explain his comments from this past weekend, in which he told CNN's Jake Tapper that Democrats should “move on” from talking about the sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump.
“I wasn't really talking about moving on from those allegations,” Jones said, walking back those earlier remarks. “I think, Seth, anybody that followed my campaign knows that I have consistently had women's empowerment issues at the forefront of my campaign. And especially after these allegations—not only with the president, but with others across the country and Roy Moore, I think we've truly reached a tipping point, a kind of crossroads in this country, where women who have been abused and felt abused can now stand up, speak out. That is what I have been for all along.”
“What I want to do, though, is for me personally, I think the people of Alabama voted for me to put me up there to try to talk about health care and those issues,” he continued. “And I want to get in there to do those issues. But that doesn't by any stretch mean that I don't think that those issues and those women who have made those allegations aren't important. They are. They need to stand up, they need to speak out, and everybody needs to pay attention to them.”
These death cheaters survived by entering a state of suspended animation, in which the machinery of life temporarily comes to a grinding halt. Far more than a biological curiosity, suspended animation has the makings of a powerful medical tool. In the past five years, labs around the country have begun artificially inducing this state by cooling animals to ultralow temperatures, pumping them full of fake blood, and plying them with toxic gases in order to reversibly arrest life's basic processes. Human tests are now just around the corner. If successful, they will pave the way for a revolution in trauma care that could save the lives of thousands of patients­—suffering heart attacks, strokes, or near-fatal injuries—who would survive if only there were a way to shut down the body long enough to reach the operating room.
Two summers ago, anesthesiologist Patrick Kochanek of the Safar Center for Resuscitation Research at the University of Pittsburgh dramatically demonstrated the power of suspended animation. He and his team revived dogs that had been clinically dead for three hours—with no heartbeat, no breathing, and no brain activity. The researchers discovered they could preserve a dog in limbo for several hours by cooling the animal and flushing its veins with a chilled solution of salt, glucose, and dissolved oxygen. The dogs came back to life after they were given a blood transfusion and reheated, although a few of them experienced minor brain damage.
To the horror of the Safar scientists, the tabloid press responded to this work with morbid glee, publishing ghoulish stories about “zombie dogs” alongside images of werewolves. Such slavering was perhaps unsurprising, given that suspended animation has often been associated with sci-fi images of astronauts hibernating in pods en route to distant stars. In the late 1960s and 1970s, NASA even funded research on halting metabolic activity during long-duration space travel but abandoned the effort after it was deemed technologically unfeasible. These days it is the United States military and the National Institutes of Health that finance such research, with the Safar group—which now hides behind a cloak of silence—being one of the grantees.
Image caption Security was tightened in Gao following the two suicide bombings
Malian troops and suspected Islamist militants are exchanging heavy gunfire on the streets of Gao in northern Mali.
A BBC correspondent in the town says the clashes began near the central police station but have since spread.
It comes a day after a suicide bomber blew himself up near a checkpoint at a northern entrance to the town - the second such attack in two days.
Gao was retaken just over two weeks ago by French and Malian forces, who supposedly drove out the Islamists.
Security had been tightened in the wake of the suicide attacks, with military patrols stepped up and checkpoints put in place.
The Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa (Mujao) said it had carried out Sunday's attack on Malian troops as well as both the suicide bombings, AFP news agency reports.
On Saturday, Mujao spokesman Abou Walid Sahraoui said: "We are dedicating ourselves to carrying out more attacks against France and its allies."
The BBC's Tomas Fessy, in Gao, says Sunday's gun battle appears to have started around the main police station in the town centre, but there is now heavy gunfire coming from different areas.
A Malian soldier holding one army position told him that some gunmen were driving around on motorbikes.
Our correspondent says people are barricaded inside their houses and the situation remains unclear.
However, worries that Islamist militants had infiltrated Gao seems to have become reality, as they are waging a guerrilla war in the town, he adds.
There was no immediate comment from the Malian and French militaries.
GMapCatcher is an offline map viewer utility that allows users to view maps without a need of Internet connection once they are loaded. The application supports many different services:
The utility also allows you to download full maps to your hard disk. While it is fine with many services to download bulk maps, for some it may be against terms and conditions and the application will give a warning if it is so. However, you can always load the maps while you are online and view them later when you have no connectivity as they will be available for you without any need to download them.
The application is easy to use and comes with lots of configuration options. A look at its features:
Downloads map tiles automatically for offline viewing
Faster downloading with multi-threading support
with multi-threading support Map tiles automatically re-downloaded after 24 hours with Force Update feature to instantly update map tiles
feature to instantly update map tiles Map, satellite, terrain, hybrid view modes
Select your stored maps from drop down menu
Find maps directly by coordinates
Export maps to png files
to png files Add markers to maps and save path maps
to maps and save Easy navigation with Zoom-in/Zoom-out and Center Map Here options
and options Keyboard Shortcuts for quick navigation. A list of shortcuts can be found here
for quick navigation. A list of shortcuts can be found here GPS Support. Guide for using GPS can be found here
Support. Guide for using GPS can be found here Full user guide , explaining each and every feature and how to use them can be found here
, explaining each and every feature and how to use them can be found here You can find more screenshots here
Application tested on Ubuntu 8.04, 8.10. 9.04,10.04 (64bit),10.10 (64bit)
Available under GPL v2 license By default any offline content will be stored to /home/user/.googlemaps (you can change the directory in settings) By default any offline content will be stored to(you can change the directory in settings)
While Mr Morrison has regularly appeared on Hadley's program on 2GB - with the broadcaster making no secret of his admiration for Mr Morrison - the two fell out in spectacular style during the Friday morning interview. Frontbencher Scott Morrison said he rejected Tony Abbott's offer of the Treasurer's role because it would "throw Joe Hockey under a bus". Credit:Andrew Meares Mr Morrison told Hadley, in connection with his Bible request, "If that's what you need, then we don't have the relationship that I thought we had." During the 17-minute interview, Mr Morrison called Hadley "mate" 18 times. The minister, who is tipped to be promoted to the Treasury in the Turnbull cabinet next week, angrily told Hadley that he was not going to use his Christian faith "for a stunt for your program".
At one point the interview threatened to descend into farce when Hadley insisted there was a Bible in the Canberra studio where Mr Morrison was speaking from. Ray Hadley has withdrawn his Dural home from the market. Credit:Peter Rae The minister insisted that he could only see some old budget papers and a Productivity Commission report. A copy of the Bible was spotted in the studio by Fairfax Media after the interview. Mr Morrison said that he had "no role" in Mr Abbott's "demise" on Monday night. Outgoing Treasurer Joe Hockey. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
He told Hadley he had voted for the former prime minister and dismissed reports that he had failed to mobilise his supporters to back Mr Abbott. "They're their own people and they make their own decisions," Mr Morrison said. "I did everything I could to make his government a success," he said, adding that he was one of the "best performing" ministers in the Abbott government. Supporters of Mr Abbott have been furious at what they see as a betrayal from Mr Morrison on Monday. They argue that, even though he voted for the former prime minister, he did not ensure that his supporters did the same - thus sealing Mr Abbott's fate.
Mr Morrison said that he had warned Mr Abbott's office last Friday, telling them that "things were pretty febrile and they should be on high alert". He argued that any promotion he got under Mr Turnbull would be on "merit". The Social Services Minister, who had the high profile immigration portfolio until last year's reshuffle, also said that the only person who had offered him the job of Treasurer before Monday's ballot was Mr Abbott. In a stunning admission, Mr Morrison said that he refused, and could not understand why Mr Abbott was offering him the job when he had backed Mr Hockey so strongly. "I didn't understand why he wanted me to pick a fight with Joe Hockey," he said.
After the interview, Mr Morrison told reporters in Canberra that he didn't think Mr Abbott's Treasury offer had been "well thought through". "Obviously it had been brought together in haste, given the events [on Monday]," he said. Loading "Mr Abbott had expressed absolute confidence and loyalty to Joe Hockey, so why would he have changed ... to me?" Follow-on Twitter
Biden Celebrates 'Equal Pay Day' With ... Photo From Women's Locker Room?!
LOOK: A Trump-Pence Truck Will Make Its NASCAR Debut
Larry the Cable Guy Breaks Man's Arm While Arm-Wrestling
Joe Biden is no stranger to gaffes, and this might be his most recent one.
While campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Bristol, Pennsylvania, on Friday, Biden acknowledged a lack of enthusiasm for the Democratic presidential nominee.
"No one ever doubts I mean what I say, the problem is sometimes I say all that I mean," the vice president said. "But I know some of you, and some of the people you are trying to convince, aren't crazy about Hillary. I know that."
"I think she has gotten an unfair deal ... Don't wake up on November 9 and find out we lost Pennsylvania by 2000 votes and say, 'If I only. If I had only taken my neighbor. If I had only gone. If I only. If I only.' And there have been a lot of elections. Remember Al Gore.”
Watch Krystal Ball and Kevin Scott react to Biden's remarks on "Your World" above.
Police: Man in Clown Costume Tried to Abduct Baby Girl at Bus Stop
Overdoses Suspected After Little Girl Alerts Bus Driver About Unresponsive Parents
Hacked Email: Did Steve Harvey Let Hillary Script Her Own Interview?
Iwata announces that Nintendo now officially gives it's permission for anyone to use their properties for derivative works, even showcasing videos of famous Let's Plays, music covers, fanarts.
Iwata also announced a "Creative Endorsement Program" where Nintendo will reward money to creators with well-received work. This program is only applicable to Nicovideo.jp, which is under Dwango.
Source: It is a video shown through a livestream, I'll wait for someone to upload it and link it
EDIT:
I've made a mistake, the Creative Endorsement Program did not come from Nintendo, but was originally created by Nicovideo (Dwango) for plenty of works. Nintendo only announced that it's titles are now eligible for it!
The Creative Endorsement Program was set up back in 2011 to reward creators who made highly viewed videos.
Sorry for the mistake. Nintendo is revealed to be a special sponsor and Iwata appears through a video.Iwata announces that Nintendo now officially gives it's permission for anyone to use their properties for derivative works, even showcasing videos of famous Let's Plays, music covers, fanarts.Iwata also announced a "Creative Endorsement Program" where Nintendo will reward money to creators with well-received work., which is under Dwango.Source: It is a video shown through a livestream, I'll wait for someone to upload it and link itEDIT:I've made a mistake, the Creative Endorsement Program did not come from Nintendo, but was originally created by Nicovideo (Dwango) for plenty of works. Nintendo only announced that it's titles are now eligible for it!The Creative Endorsement Program was set up back in 2011 to reward creators who made highly viewed videos.Sorry for the mistake. Click to expand...
During an event from Dwango for announcing a new gaming event which I covered here:Nintendo announced on a stream that videos featuring their games propertiesis allowed. So far, they have acknowledged it for Let's Plays, Game Music Covers, and Fan Art.Under a Creative Endorsement Program(Dwango), which rewards video creators for making high-ranking videos, Nintendo will allow videos using Nintendo properties to receive such prizes.There is a list of titles which they have not revealed for which the Creative Endorsement Program can be applied to, so it only applies under these titles. The program will be activated on 1st December, so expect more details later on.Source: http://nviewer.mobi/player?video_id=sm24939536 Skip to 7:26.Here's an article from a news site about it: http://www.4gamer.net/games/999/G999905/20141117079/ Questions linger:Does this policy only apply in Nicovideo JP and not Youtube? How about the International version of Nicovideo?Are only LP's, Fanart, Music and Song covers allowed? How about other works?Is the same stance acknowledged by NOA?Old, and inaccurate OPWould a mod help me edit my title? Thanks!
I wish to return to Iran. For the same reason I left it.
I left the country ten years ago because I felt that writing and publishing in Iran would become increasingly difficult by the day. As a writer, satirist, and journalist to an extent, I have published more than 4,000 pieces of humor and 26 books during the 3,830 days that I have not lived in Iran.
Now I feel that I need to return to my own country. I certainly don't yearn for prison walls, and not even delectable Persian cooking is what I miss. What I long for is the Persian vocabulary; I long for the language in which I have written 70 books. I miss Iranian booksellers, and for the spirited and impassioned Iranian readers who continually inspire writers to write.
Every day for eight years I wrote satire in opposition to that insane Ahmadinejad. Then when career diplomat Hassan Rouhani declared that he would run for the presidency as a moderate, I supported him with all my energy, unlike many dinosaurs in the Iranian opposition who wish to return to the now irretrievably lost days of 40 years back. I did not support Rouhani in the hopes of a return to the Khatami era, or even the monarch's reign. I know well that no river ever flows backwards. I hoped and hope still that the new government will be able to prevent war, stem corruption and extremism, and create an atmosphere favourable to social justice and free expression.
I hope that when I turn 55 this month, I will pass that day in Tehran. Just now it seems unimportant if I were to be in a prison cell or at home with friends. The important thing is to return and be with the readers of my work. I do know I've been selfish enough not to sacrifice myself as the first returnee. Over the last few months, dozens have gone back ahead of me.
Of course, I have heard that Tehran's solicitor general has declared that every one in opposition residing abroad would be detained upon arrival. I have also heard that the Ministry of Information has said that anyone who has no record can return to Iran, and I know that the new president has said that Iranians overseas have the right to come back. In truth, I am not counting on any of these pronouncements. There is no real rule of law in Iran, and no one's word is definitive – not the information minister's, not the president's, not even the supreme leader's. As Napoleon said, it is not sufficient for us to be courageous, we need to be a bit lucky too.
When you are imprisoned in Iran, they may free you ten days later with no explanation, even if you were handed a ten-year term by a judge. Or they may hold you in prison for ten years without anyone able to review you file. International protests don't really resolve anything, nor is popular support sufficient. A writer's life in Iran is like taking a romantic stroll through a minefield. You might get lucky and make it through unscathed, or you might lose your legs in that first hour.
If you really want to know why this writer wishes to return to a prison where the warden has swallowed the key, to a minefield which may blow up at any moment, the answer is quite simple. My vocation is writing in Persian and I have to work in Iran to be my most useful and effective.
The situation in Iran is changing. It has to change. Of course, altered conditions will certainly not meet the approval of everyone, certainly not those like crazy Ahmadinejad who have at least the vote of 10 percent of Iranians. But the world doesn't need the permission of dictators and madmen to change. To work as a writer, in my own country, I have to struggle. True, the Internet has reduced the distance between my readers and me, and I have a Facebook page with a hundred thousand friends. Yet I need to to be present in Tehran, surrounded by the literary scene where I first found inspiration and where the heart of my readership lies.
What assurance do I have that I'll be able to publish my books if I return? None. I have no guarantees. I have to struggle and strive to succeed.
The further away Tehran gets from the Ahmadinejad winter, the longer the days get and the brighter the skies. I am certain that in the next two or three months, the space for free expression will be wider than it is today. I am certain that we will be able to publish our work and create an active cultural, publishing, and media space. But I am not returning with the wish that everything will get better, I am returning to help make sure that it does.
The Iranian society is dynamic and lively, with all its wonders and shortcomings. I am a satirist and have to write in the language of the people. That language changes remarkably not every fifty years, but every ten. I knew all this when I was leaving Iran and for that reason I never thought that I would live in Europe forever.
I came here to stay alive and to be able to continue with my work. Now I have to return for my words to stay alive. After years of going to bed with dreams of returning, I am determined to make my dream come true.
Many friends advise me to wait and return when things get better. But I believe things will not get better until I come home. To land at the Tehran airport you just need to buy a ticket, but to get home from there you have to go through a tunnel of horrors. In Ahmadinejad's era this tunnel seemed almost infinite. The tunnel is not so arduous now, though it has not vanished yet. And it will be still better when I return.
In the midst of their third loss in a row – including Wednesday's disappointing 1-0 loss to AC Milan in the Coppa Italia quarterfinals – questions continue to surround what Inter Milan management may do in the January transfer window.
The latest discussion involves a potential loan deal for FC Barcelona forward and Spanish international Gerard Deulofeu.
So far this season, Deulofeu has made 16 appearances – five starts -- for Barcelona, scoring two goals with three assists in limited action.
Deulofeu started his football career with Barcelona's youth squad. He was loaned to Everton in the 2013-14 season then loaned out to Sevilla in the 2014-15 campaign. The 23-year-old went back to Everton after being picked up on a €6 million transfer fee.
In January 2017, Deulofeu was loaned to AC Milan for €700,000. He was shipped back to Everton after the 2017 season then sold back to the Blaugrana for €12 million.
During his one season with the Rossoneri, Deulofeu scored four goals and had three assists. Over his career, he has scored 44 times – 27 of those for Barcelona's B squad – and added 40 assists – 19 coming with Everton.
Diario Sport has reported Inter Milan has not only started negotiations for a two-year transfer deal for Deulofeu, but for right-back Aleix Vidal. The deal would include the two years on loan with a forced option to purchase after the loan deal concludes. This would avoid any Financial Fair Play this season for Inter as the squad will have to raise nearly €70 million by the end of the year to avoid any violations.
The 28-year-old Vidal has bounced between several clubs in Spain – mainly B squads with Reus, RCD Espanyol, Gimnastic, Mallorca and Almeria. He spent a season with Sevilla – playing in 47 games, scoring six goals and assisting on 11 With Barcelona, Vidal has played in 40 games, scoring four times and adding 11 assists.
The report suggests Vidal is looking at other options within Spain – although AS Roma could also be an option -- while Deulofeu would welcome a move to the San Siro with Inter.
Want to contribute? Sign up for an SB Nation account and join the conversation on Serpents of Madonnina. Whether it is match coverage and analysis, breaking news, mercato or you just want to be immersed in all things Inter, we have it right here.
Also, don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Like us on Facebook for more updates!
Then again, the N.C.A.A.'s culture to this day — overly bureaucratic and rules-obsessed, and utterly lacking in empathy or compassion for the 18-year-old athletes who come under its purview — is one that Byers instilled. Convinced of the N.C.A.A.'s — and his — moral superiority, he rejected any suggestion that it played favorites, conducted vendettas, and meted out punishment for the pettiest of violations, though it plainly did. Confiding in no one, he ruled by fear, not consensus.
Byers also failed at the thing that he claimed to care most about. He wrote in his memoir that his goal was always to preserve “the amateur collegiate spirit I so much loved as a youth and admired as a young sports reporter.” The N.C.A.A. developed an absurdly thick rulebook on his watch meant to “keep college athletics more a student activity than a profession,” as he put it, none of which slowed down the growing commercialism of college sports. His basketball tournament, now known as March Madness, became a moneymaking juggernaut. And in the early 1980s, when the big football schools sued the N.C.A.A. to regain their television rights, he stubbornly refused to negotiate a compromise that might have prevented the situation we have today, in which football-driven television contracts are the holy grail of college athletics. Instead, in 1984, the Supreme Court ruled against the N.C.A.A., giving schools and conferences the right to cut their own television deals. Which they did.
By the time Byers retired, he had turned against his own creation, claiming that commercialism had won and the N.C.A.A. should face reality. In 1995, he published his memoir, entitled “Unsportsmanlike Conduct: Exploiting College Athletes.” Much of it consisted of his recounting Sisyphean battles to keep college sports “clean,” and high-stakes negotiations with the television networks.
But at points along the way, he also decried the “cartel” — his word — that he helped create. He used other words, too, including “hypocrisy,” which is what so many modern critics see when they look at the N.C.A.A. Byers laid out a full-blown reform agenda, including eliminating “oppressive N.C.A.A. laws,” treating athletes the same as every other student on campus, and allowing them to make money from endorsements. And he noted — with no apparent irony — how resistant the N.C.A.A. was to change.
When I first realized that the man who built the modern N.C.A.A. had many of the same complaints that critics have today, my jaw dropped. But I also couldn't help noticing that he never accepted any blame for the onerous rules, or the egregious restrictions on athletes, or the N.C.A.A.'s resistance to change. Instead, he blamed “the new generation of coaches and staff” who “didn't know and didn't care to learn about old ideals.”
Virgin Media said it would start rolling out the 100 megabits per second broadband service to 12.6 million homes. All of its existing 3.8 million cable broadband customers would be able to achieve connections of up to 100 megabits per second by 2011 should they choose to subscribe to the faster service, said a spokesman.
The company said the next-generation service – which is 24 times faster than the average UK broadband connection speed of 4.1 megabits per second – would be ideal for "tech-savvy users" who download lots of music and movies and play games online.
The super-fast, fibre-optic connection will enable web users to download an entire music album in around five seconds, and an hour-long TV show in about 30 seconds, while a high-definition movie could be downloaded in less than eight minutes.
“There is nothing we can't do with our fibre optic cable network, and the forthcoming launch of our flagship 100Mb service will give our customers the ultimate broadband experience," said Neil Berkett, chief executive of Virgin Media.
"We want to keep giving our customers the very best broadband available, by investing in technological innovation and transforming the experience they have when they are online. The launch of this service will be a historic moment and will mean the UK will be comparable to other leading broadband nations.”
Around 18.3 million households in the UK have internet access, with 90 per cent of those using a broadband connection, according to the Office for National Statistics. The Government has pledged universal internet access for all, at minimum speeds of two megabits per second, by 2012. BT also recently unveiled its own high-speed, next-generation broadband initiative, called Infinity, which will offer download speeds of up to 40 megabits per second.
Virgin Media's announcement was broadly welcomed by industry experts. "The new service will reassert Virgin Media's credentials as the UK's fastest broadband provider," said Charlie Ponsonby, chief executive of impartial broadband comparison service Simplifydigital.
"There is a broadband speed race breaking out between Virgin Media and BT, but the very positive thing is that the broadband customer will benefit from this sort of competition, as it will push up average speeds and reduce prices, even if the ultra-fast packages themselves initially appeal to a niche audience."
Virgin Media said it will also be starting trials of its 200 megabits per second broadband network in Coventry. Hundreds of households will join the pilot study, which has been running in Kent since last May, and supports future technologies such as home teleconferencing and on-demand high-definition television. Virgin hopes to roll out the service to customers by 2012.
Citibank is trying to gain regulatory permission for a $15B equity offering so that it can try to repay the TARP bailout money it received for its part in the largest swindle in history.
So they're borrowing money to pay back more borrowed money. It would be funny (like stupid-funny), if it weren't such a crime.
Citi borrowed money from the government who stole it from the people. The American government stepped in and handed $20B to Citigroup despite overwhelmingly public opposition to corporate bailouts (depending on who you ask, this was either the result of collusion or blackmail).
Now, Citigroup would like to offer us — the public — the opportunity to buy equity shares. The proceeds of this sale will then be used not as productive capital, but to simply repay the Government for the “loan” they granted of our money and without our permissions.
Citi is trying to sell equity to the people in order to raise cash to repay their “loan” from the government. And if the people don't buy up these shares, the FED will. Either most of us are totally f*cked.
The men and women who were robbed (the first round cost an average of about $5,000 per taxpayer) by Uncle Sam to finance Citi's TARP life support are not going to be “repaid”, instead the money will just be Hoovered up by the Government. The Government has no intentions of giving it back to us.
It's a shell game. And we're the marks.
Opportunistic jihadis have posted messages urging supporters to carry out vehicular attacks similar to Thursday's Times Square car crash even as law enforcement officials confirmed that the incident had no connection to terrorism.
Pro-Islamic State jihadis shared images and messages such as, “Soon, the vehicle attacks will be witnessed on your streets, by Allah's permission,” in an attempt to lure so-called ‘lone wolf' attackers to carry out same-style attacks but in the name of the Islamic State.
Richard Rojas,26, from Bronx, NY, was arraigned Friday on charges of second-degree murder, 20 counts of attempted murder and five counts of aggravated vehicular homicide following Thursday's car crash, which killed an 18-year-old woman.
The terror group has even been using relevant hashtags such as #NewYork #Times_Square and #USA in their propaganda posts.
Jihadis posted an image of a large truck with “We will continue to terrorize you and ruin your lives,” on the Telegram messaging app, urging ‘believers' to give up this ‘temporary life' and earn everlasting reward in paradise.
Sign up for daily Foreign Desk updates By signing up, you agree to receive emails from The Foreign Desk.
"O Muwahhid (believer), Indeed it is a single soul and a single paradise, so sell it to Allah and purchase Jannah (afterlife). Sell what is temporary for what is lasting, for how blessed a transaction is that transaction! Blessed would be the seller and blessed be the buyer!"
After finding challenges in asking would-be jihadis to travel from around the world, particularly the West, to the Caliphate, the Islamic State began a campaign of encouraging Western sympathizers to launch local attacks in their hometowns by using everyday objects as weapons, such as kitchen knives, axes and cars, to ram into large crowds.
ISIS has claimed car ramming attacks in Nice, Berlin, London and Ohio State University, when Somali student Abdul Razak Ali Artan drove his car into a group of pedestrians on a sidewalk and subsequently exited his car and started stabbing those nearby with a knife.
Earlier this week, ISIS released a video featuring an American jihadi calling for ‘lone-wolf' attacks in the U.S.
"Liberate yourself from hellfire by killing a kafir (non-believer)," a jihadi identified by his pseudonym, Abu Hamza al-Amriki, said.
The group has also published several articles and infographics in recent months urging supporters to carry out vehicular attacks, advising them to target places with heavy pedestrian traffic such as New York, to maximize the impact of attacks.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This is the frightening moment a giant Chucky doll jumps out at terrified people waiting at a bus stop.
The actor is transformed from head to toe by makeup artists, and his outfit comes complete with the horror character's mask, shorts and colourful top.
The video shows a camera being fixed on a poster, set up behind a glass case, much like any film advertisement.
But what these poor unsuspecting families don't realise is the case actually has this terrifying creature lurking behind it, complete with a knife.
The first victims are a mum and her two children, and the horror begins when the lights start to flicker.
Seemingly unphased by this, a loud child's cackle can be heard, putting them slightly on edge.
And to finish the spectacular scene off, the actor smashes the screen with his knife before jumping out and running after them.
And by the looks on their faces, they will have a few sleepless nights to come.
It carries on in much the same way for a man on his own, two friends who attempt to fight him off with a bag, and a few more children.
The final, and possibly the funniest scene, sees a woman fall flat on her face in her haste, dropping her bag and abandoning it on the pavement.
Chucky grabs the bag, appears to smile at the camera, and climbs back in to his hollow cave.
Salim Mehajer's property empire is showing considerable strain, as investigations by the Herald reveal his companies have been unable to meet court-ordered payments, taken on unfavourable loans and sold-off undeveloped land.
One month since the administrator of Auburn council cost the controversial developer-politican an estimated $10 million by cancelling favourable planning decisions, one of his signature companies appears to have almost no cash on hand.
A Sydney court ordered Mr Mehajer's Sydney Project Group to pay a sign writing company $25,000 in costs for a crown design on one of his cranes more than three months ago. But it can be revealed that barely any money has been repaid since.
Fairfax Media has learned that Mr Mehajer's company twice missed the 28-day deadline imposed by the court for payment, forcing attempts to freeze money under court order.
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said Sunday the administration wants a “public safety exception” to allow investigators to question terror suspects before they are read their Miranda rights or allowed to consult with a lawyer.
Mr. Holder, appearing on NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday, said the law enforcement community needs more flexibility to question suspects — within constitutional bounds.
The attorney general defended the Obama administration, which has been criticized for reading Miranda rights to the suspects in the Times Square bombing attempt and the Christmas Day attempt to blow up an airliner over Detroit.
Mr. Holder said Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square suspect, continued to answer questions after getting the Miranda warnings, but that the administration had changed its position on the Miranda rights because of the “threats that we now face.”
On ABC's “This Week,” Mr. Holder said: “The [Miranda] system we have in place has proven to be effective. I think we also want to look and determine whether we have the necessary flexibility — whether we have a system that deals with situations that agents now confront… . We're now dealing with international terrorism… . I think we have to give serious consideration to at least modifying that public-safety exception.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
After serving in the Georgia Legislature, in 1992, Cynthia McKinney won a seat in the US House of Representatives. She was the first African-American woman from Georgia in the US Congress. In 2005, McKinney was a vocal critic of the government's response to Hurricane Katrina and was the first member of Congress to file articles of impeachment against George W. Bush. In 2008, Cynthia McKinney won the Green Party nomination for the US presidency.
Just when things were going smoothly for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the people started voting, and that's when everyone began to notice that the wheels on her campaign car were wobbling.
The former US Secretary of State began 2016 with $100 million in her campaign coffers: a feat bested only by former Presidential candidate Jeb Bush who reached that unprecedented Presidential campaign fundraising mark much earlier. Jeb has since dropped out of the race. Is Secretary Clinton headed for the same ignominious fate?
Clinton held a substantial lead in every public and private poll. Not just the US, the entire world was treated to the prospect that Clinton had a commanding lead and it was only a matter of time before we would all be addressing her as “President Clinton.” In retrospect, this should be an abject lesson for candidates and public alike that polls are only as good as the questions asked and the internal valuations accorded to them. In other words, those polls, for which newspapers and Secretary Clinton, herself, paid hundreds of thousands, if not millions of dollars to produce, were not worth the paper the results were written on. As a candidate, myself, I understand how polls are used to sway the public and can easily be manipulated to produce the desired outcome.
And then, the people started to vote.
First, on February 1, 2016, there were the Iowa Caucuses. To this day, we the public, nor even the candidates themselves, know the raw vote totals for the Democratic Party Iowa Caucuses. However, what we do know is that at least six of the caucus meetings ended in ties, which led to coin tosses. The public has been told that Secretary Clinton won six coin tosses and is considered the ‘winner' of the Iowa Caucuses. This is hardly a victory for a $100 million candidate. Her only solace must be that Jeb Bush did even worse on the Republican side!
On to New Hampshire.
Read more
So, on February 9, the New Hampshire Primary took place in which bona fide registered voters with verified names and addresses show up at authorized polling places and cast their votes. (I explain the differences between a caucus and a primary and the arcane U.S. election rules here.) Bernie Sanders won with 60 percent of the vote.
You would say, OK, New Hampshire is a small state right next to Sanders's home state of Vermont, so that is to be expected. No big surprise there, huh? In the scheme of things, New Hampshire is a beauty pageant; it doesn't really count for much, does it? Well, some would argue that New Hampshire CAN be a harbinger of the future.
On February 20, Secretary Clinton won the Nevada Caucus by a whopping five percentage points. The pundits wrote that these small states really didn't mean anything. The primary winner would be determined by the big population states where, because of her strength with the Black and Latino vote, Secretary Clinton would pound Sanders, who by this time had proven himself to be very clumsy on the issues surrounding race and ethnicity in the US. The Jewish community in Israel and in the US claimed that he didn't speak enough about being Jewish; Blacks in Vermont lamented that they were invisible to him throughout his entire political career. Sensing an opening, Secretary Clinton went in on the attack, touting her husband's strong identification with the African-American community in the US. She would bankroll her Presidency on the currency of the Democratic Party's non-White voters. And sure enough, when the voting came to the Southern part of the US, where the Black vote is strong, the former Secretary managed a resounding victory over Sanders in South Carolina. She was crowned by The Atlantic, “Barack Obama's Heir.” CNN roared, “Exit Polls: Black Share of South Carolina Democratic Primary Increases Over 2008.” I will provide the translation for that in case you don't grasp what that really means: even more White voters have abdicated the Democratic Party and its voters are primarily African-Americans, while the Democratic White vote in South Carolina has defected to the Republican Party.
Just as polls are not to be trusted in this campaign season, so too are the media.
Super Tuesday further solidified Clinton's winning status as the vote-rich South turned out. Clinton won Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia. But, her victory wasn't a sweep, because Sanders won Colorado, Minnesota, Oklahoma, and Vermont. And on March 8, Sanders scored an upset win over Clinton in the delegate-rich state of Michigan. The next big round of voting will take place in the follow-up to Super Tuesday, to be held on March 15 and will include Florida, Illinois, Missouri—states rich with the votes of people of color. New York- April 19 Primary, California and New Jersey - June 7. June 14 is the last big primary for the Democrats. So far, the pledged delegate count is 551 for Sanders and 766 for Clinton: hardly the slam dunk the polls suggested before US citizens actually started to vote.
So, maybe the drivers of the Clinton campaign car might have noticed a problem with one of the wheels, but could keep moving full steam ahead and limp into the winner's circle by July, the time of the Democratic Party convention being held in Philadelphia. However, I know that, by this time, Clinton's team is just hoping that the lugs that hold the wheels in place don't come off the campaign car. And they are probably too afraid to look. Here's why.
There are currently three investigations swirling around Secretary Clinton: one, around the dual roles of Huma Abedin at the Clinton Foundation while she was also employed by the Office of the Secretary of State; two, the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation's projects that might have proceeded without securing the required US government approval; and three, the Secretary's handling of top secret and above top secret information on a private e-mail server rather than a secured government server. The Clinton Foundation has already had to amend its tax returns several times as a result of these investigations. Concurrently, Guccifer, an internationally renowned hacker, recently exposed that he would read Secretary Clinton's e-mails and then go out and do his gardening. Indicted for his hacking role, he is now on his way to the US. And most recently, immunity was given to the information technology (IT) specialist who set up the Clinton server in a closet in her home bathroom. While CNN downplays the importance of the immunity grant, the UK's Daily Mail claims a source close to the investigation says that the IT specialist is a “devastating” witness.
Hacker ‘Guccifer,' who uncovered Clinton's private emails, to be extradited to US https://t.co/c1Y4anFVKVpic.twitter.com/wNW5cm1pMC — RT America (@RT_America) March 7, 2016
And on the policy questions, Secretary Clinton is still vulnerable on the Benghazi issue and has yet to be asked about her several Haiti scandals. Most recently, the murder of Honduran activist Berta Caceres highlights Clinton's role in the overthrow of a democratically elected government in Honduras.
Most cars are equipped with five lugs on their wheels to keep them affixed to the axle. Some luxury models have six lugs. The only question for us is how many lugs are on the Clinton campaign car's wheels. With five lugs/scandals/investigations already loose, it will only take one more loose lug—that is, scandal/investigation/indictment to send the Clinton campaign car reeling off the road.
Lately I've been thinking that I need to get more fat into my diet. My macros have been sitting pretty regularly at 65/30/5, and I've been ravenous lately (probably due to the increased workout levels I've been engaging in). So I've been considering tweaking them to 70/25/5.
Now, I could just stuff my face full of my Peanut Butter Cup Fat Bombs, but I've been kind of craving a bit more variety. Don't get me wrong, I still pretty much eat at least one a day, but a girl's got to diversify her desserts.
Since I posted my last recipe – my Peanut Butter S'mores Pie – I've been playing around with no-bake cheesecakes. I actually made a really tasty Pumpkin Spice Cheesecake that I've never gotten around to posting. Both of those things had base comprised of heavy cream and cream cheese and I had to restrain myself from just eating all the filling straight from the KitchenAid.
Then I was like, why the hell do I have to stop?
Thus, Cheesecake Fluff was created.
Ingredients
8oz cream cheese
4oz heavy cream
4T sour cream
4T Torani Sugarfree Syrup (here I used Salted Caramel and it is damned delicious)
OR you could use vanilla extract + sweetener to taste – I'm just a crazy Torani fangirl. I have like 8 different bottles on tap right now, no joke. They should give me some sort of sponsorship.
Combine all ingredients in your mixer and whip until it forms stiff peaks.
Yeah, that's it.
I should note here that over these past two weeks, I have made a whole slew of versions of this. I've made the aforemention pumpkin flavored, s'mores flavored, and simple French vanilla. Don't be afraid to play around with your syrups and additives. This was the first time I'd tried the Salted Caramel flavor and I was NOT disappointed!
This recipe makes 4 servings. I usually dole out two for my husband and myself, and stash the rest in a mason jar to eat later. Tonight you can see that I garnished the base with some fresh raspberries and – later – a dollop of whipped cream.
It's sooooo good, and so quick and easy to make. You can whip up a batch in less than 5 minutes, and the flavor combinations are endless. It's a decadent creamy dessert and a fat bomb all-in-one. And at just 3 net carbs, 5g protein, and 31g fat, it's a great addition to the keto diet.
Let me know if you make some fluff and enjoy it! What's your favorite flavor combination? I'm curious as to what other people create :) If you enjoyed this recipe, would you pretty please consider liking my Facebook page? You could also follow me on Instagram. And I love comments here – let me know how you like a recipe, and/or how you tweak it to make it your own!
Save
Despite massive international pressure, North Korea has been moving ahead with its long-range missile and nuclear ambitions, launching a rocket in December and conducting a nuclear test in February. International sanctions tightened in response, and even China, a longtime ally, stepped up inspections of North Korea-bound freight. Responding to the crackdown, North Korea's government has been issuing new threats of war nearly every day over the past month, cutting ties to South Korea and ordering military units to prepare for attack at any moment. Over the past month, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), North Korea's official media division, has been issuing a stream of images of military exercises, soldiers in training, and, of course, supreme leader Kim Jong-un inspecting and inspiring the troops. (At least one of these images appears to be digitally manipulated). Gathered here are recent KCNA photographs of North Korea's war machine, as the country wishes the world to see it. The photos were distributed by Reuters, AFP, and AP as a service, and cannot be independently verified or authenticated.
AKRON, Ohio— For the second time in 72 hours, Akron football has lost one of its team captains to a season-ending injury.Last evening, senior safetyFayette City, Pa.) announced on his Facebook page that he would not be returning to the playing field:As many of you know, earlier this season I took a blow to the head that left me unconscious on the field. After praying and deliberating with my fiancé, family, coaches, and teammates, I have decided it is in my best interest to end my football career. I wanted to post this as a thank you to everyone who has reached out to me in the recent weeks and throughout my playing days. Your support has meant more than you know and I am extremely appreciative of that. Giving up on my childhood dream is one of the hardest decisions I have ever made, but I find peace knowing that God has a bigger plan. I still love football and will do everything I can to help my teammates for the rest of the season. I'm looking forward to attacking the next chapter of my life with the same amount of passion and energy that I put into the last 16 years of football, but for now my team still has big goals to accomplish and I can't wait to be a part of it. #GoZips A semifinalist for the 2017 William V. Campbell Trophy, Guiser is one of three team captains. A preseason All-MAC selection by Athlon Sports and College Sports Madness, Guiser was named to the Wuerffel Trophy Watch List. Just the second first-team Academic All-American in school history, Guiser is the only returning starter in the secondary. He finishes this fall with 16 tackles, an interception, and a break-up.The Academic All-American is also a three-time MAC Distinguished Scholar-Athlete and three-time Academic All-MAC selection. Named to the President's List (8 semesters) for a perfect 4.0 grade-point average (GPA), Guiser is a pre-physical therapy/sport science major with a 3.99 GPA. A member of the University's Honors College, Guiser intends to pursue a master's degree in physical therapy.During Saturday's game at Bowling Green, senior RB and captain(Columbus, Ohio) suffered a season-ending injury.Under the guidance of sixth-year head coach, Akron (2-3 overall. 1-0 MAC) entertains Ball State (2-3 overall, 0-1 MAC) in its annual Homecoming game on Saturday, Oct. 7, at 3:30 p.m. on ESPN3 at InfoCision Stadium– Summa Field. The 2017 Hall of Fame Class, including the Team of Distinction– the 1986 Men's Soccer Team, will be inducted prior to the game and introduced during the first half.Football tickets are available for purchase by calling or texting sor visiting The C.P. and Cornelia S. Chima Athletics Ticket Office at InfoCision Stadium - Summa Field (located at 375 E. Exchange Street, near Gate 1 at the southwest corner of the venue, at the corner of E. Exchange and S. Union streets) during business hours (Monday through Friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.).Group tickets start at $10 each (with a minimum of 15 people).
The real target is pro-life cross displays?
A private Texas university has united student opinion across the ideological spectrum in opposition to a “restrictive and destructive” policy that bans a September 11 memorial display.
Southern Methodist University rebuffed its Young Americans for Freedom chapter's request to host a display in a prominent campus location, violating the spirit of free speech, student groups told The College Fix.
The administration claims it is trying to accommodate the speech without disrupting existing college operations. But one allied group believes the new rules on “lawn displays” — motivated by an SMU commitment to avoid “triggering” students — are intended to stop pro-life messages that have proven more controversial.
The coalition of groups will seek relief in the student senate if the university sticks to its position, one leader told The Fix.
Disappointed in @SMU for limiting speech. Used to brag about being private but allowing free speech anyway when I gave tours. #SadAlum — Jacqui Jacoby (@jacquigrace11) August 1, 2017
Students have the right to ‘avoid messages that are triggering'
Last month Grant Wolf, president of the YAF chapter, requested the use of the Dallas Hall Lawn (below) for a display involving nearly 3,000 American flags to memorialize those killed in the terrorist attacks. YAF's display has been held on the lawn annually since 2015.
In emails dated July 24 obtained by The Fix, the university rejected the group's proposed location for the Sept. 10 event but modified it to take place less than a quarter-mile away.
“The University has a new policy regarding Memorial Lawn Displays (see below) so I have changed the location of your request to MoMac Park,” Student Activities Coordinator Lydia Dale wrote in an email.
MORE: College vandals trash 2,977 flags memorializing 9/11 deaths
The new restrictions are intended to strike a balance between “the right of all members of the SMU community to express their opinions” and their right to “avoid messages that are triggering, harmful, or harassing,” according to the lawn display guidelines reprinted in the email.
A cached version of the policy with the “triggering, harmful, or harassing” language is dated July 2017.
The university's response ruffled diverse student groups on campus.
“If expression is banned from a part of this campus, that is detrimental to the education of the students,” SMU College Democrats Co-President Matthew Lucci told The Fix in a phone call Tuesday.
The College Democrats chapter “is very much in favor of open political discussion,” he said: Last year it joined the College Republicans to urge the student government to pass a version of the so-called Chicago Principles to protect unpopular speech from administrative censorship.
Though the bill failed in the student senate, the effort paved the way for future cooperation among politically divergent groups.
MORE: 3,000 pro-life crosses at SMU kicked down, threat to burn down display
Southern Methodist University denies proposed venue for 9/11 memorial because of revised policy on “lawn di… by The College Fix on Scribd
University blames ‘poor wording' of policy
That cooperation was on full display Tuesday when SMU's chapter of Turning Point USA — the pro-capitalism group sometimes conflated with College Republicans — joined with the CRs, CDs, Young Americans for Freedom, feminist and pro-life campus groups to oppose the venue change.
“If SMU chooses to limit students' rights to challenge and discuss the ideas and values that are fueling the creation of World Changers, it is indoctrination,” the groups' leaders told SMU President R. Gerald Turner in a letter, citing the university's public boast that it shapes “world changers.”
MORE: University blocks ‘unsafe' 9/11 memorial poster that shows terrorist acts
They specifically condemned the “triggering, harmful, or harassing” language in the new policy, saying it “has implications that are very dangerous to our university's academic environment and echoes similar statements made by universities across the nation”:
People absolutely have to have a right to their own opinions, but this does not come with a right to be shielded from opposing ideas, especially in an environment dedicated to the learning, sharing and developing of new ideas.
In a statement emailed to The Fix Tuesday, SMU public relations claimed the replacement venue was “twice the size of the previous site.”
The sought venue “is used frequently for outdoor class space, studying between classes, and a variety of university events throughout the year — creating the need for a different, yet still prominent, display area,” it said.
“SMU respects the rights of all campus community members to express their opinions, as well as their right to be free from coercion and harassment.” The statement alluded to the original wording of the revised policy, saying it “has been updated to better reflect this balance and to remove the poor wording regarding triggering or harmful messages.”
MORE: After national backlash, 9/11 memorial reinstated at UMinn
The statement also claimed the prohibition on displays on Dallas Hall Lawn was imposed before YAF submitted its proposal. A copy of that policy was removed from the university's website Tuesday.
A followup email from an SMU spokesperson said YAF was permitted to go forward with the display from the second site.
‘Much less prominent' location for memorial
SMU College Republicans president Drew Wicker told The Fix he did not believe SMU's claim the alternative site was “twice the size” of the original.
“It's not even close. It's also much less prominent of a location,” he said in a Facebook message Tuesday. “Not nearly as much foot traffic.”
Map of MoMac Park, the larger site where all approved lawn displays, regardless of sponsoring organization or subject, will be located. pic.twitter.com/MqWFgMB5i5 — SMU (@SMU) August 1, 2017
MORE: History prof rips down 9/11 ‘Never Forget' posters (VIDEO)
In a phone call, Wicker said the new policy was “clearly targeting conservative organizations” and speculated it was partially intended to block Mustangs for Life from hosting pro-life events.
The policy mentions that “crosses” — often used in “Cemetery of Innocents” displays — are an example of items used in memorial lawn displays. One SMU student criticized these displays in a Facebook video last year.
Wicker said a rival group, Mustangs for Unity, had used Dallas Hall Lawn to conduct pro-choice counter-demonstrations.
The goal of the politically diverse coalition fighting this venue restriction, he said, is keeping SMU from “go[ing] the way of UC Berkeley, Middlebury or Evergreen College.”
The College Democrats' Lucci said he hoped the university's actions would illustrate the need to adopt the Chicago Principles, an effort he intends to restart this upcoming academic year. If SMU doesn't relent, the groups will “engage” the student government.
“Rather than restricting the ability to learn outside of the classroom, we should be encouraging it and allowing it to flourish,” Lucci said.
MORE: Public university stops blocking pro-life display to settle lawsuit
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
