Health secretary addresses concerns by saying he wants to cut junior doctors' hours, maintain their pay and increase safety in the NHS
Jeremy Hunt has moved to head off the potential strike by NHS junior doctors by seeking to reassure them that their pay will not be cut and they will not have to work longer hours under the proposed new contract that has sparked so much anger.
In a letter on Thursday to Dr Johann Malawana, the chair of the British Medical Association's junior doctors committee (JDC), the health secretary sought to defuse the increasingly heated row over the unpopular new contract he has threatened to impose on them.
In the letter, Hunt offered the JDC, which represents most of the 53,000 junior doctors in the NHS in England, “absolute guarantees” on their pay and working hours, and a major concession which would not extend trainee doctors' normal working week to include up to 10pm on Saturday.
Jeremy Hunt letter to junior doctors makes big concessions on contracts Read more
On the overall cost of junior doctors to the NHS, Hunt writes: “Firstly, this is not a cost-cutting exercise. I can give you a categorical assurance that I am not seeking to save any money from the junior doctors' paybill. Whilst I want to see an end to automatic annual increments [with pay rises instead based on moving through the stages of training and taking on more responsibility], these changes would be cost-neutral, rather than cost-saving.
“This will mean that junior doctors would still benefit from four or five progression pay rises as they move through training.”
On the crucial issue of working hours, junior doctors have been particularly incensed by Hunt's proposal to extend the hours classed as normal working time – and paid at the “standard” rate – from 7am-7pm Monday-Friday to 7am-10pm Monday-Saturday.
Hunt has told the JDC: “I can give an absolute guarantee to junior doctors that this contract will not impose longer hours. No junior doctor working full time will be expected to work on average more than 48 hours a week. I want to see a work review system with teeth that ensures that juniors are not exploited and that addresses issues of overworking if they arise.”
And on junior doctors' pay – another big issue, as they were estimated to be set to lose between 15% and 40% of their income under the new contract – Hunt writes: “I have asked NHS Employers to develop the details of the new contract to ensure that the great majority of junior doctors are at least as well paid as they would be now. In addition, although the current proposal does not provide protection for those whose pay reduces when they change jobs, under an agreed move to a new contract we would be willing to consider such protection for individual doctors who would otherwise lose out.”
Addressing the widely feared loss of overtime for junior doctors working antisocial shifts – overnight and at weekends – Hunt adds: “In any scenario, I can give an absolute guarantee that average pay for juniors will not reduce. I have already given my assurances that GP trainees will not be disadvantaged compared with the current system. I can also say that it is our intention that flexible pay premia would be used to support recruitment into shortage specialties such as accident and emergency medicine and general practice. We would also include pay protection for doctors who change to shortage specialities and to support agreed academic work.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Junior doctors protest in London against new contracts. Photograph: Thabo Jaiyesimi/Demotix/Corbis
The BMA did not confirm whether the letter would do enough to convince doctors not to strike when given the opportunity, adding that it still needed more information on key points of contention . Dr Johann Malawana, the chair of its junior doctor committee, said: “It is encouraging that the health secretary has finally recognised the vital role that junior doctors play as tomorrow's leaders across the NHS. However, questions still remain and we are urgently seeking clarification on the points raised in the letter.”
Hunt sparked a wave of anger among junior doctors by announcing on 15 September that he intended to impose a new contract on them about a year after the JDC walked out of negotiations about it with the Department of Health.
Junior doctors contract row: an explainer Read more
The doctors' union denounced the new contract as “unsafe and unfair ... [and] bad for patients, bad for junior doctors and bad for the NHS”. Itclaimed it would extend by 50% the working hours a junior doctor is paid at the basic rate and would see working at 9pm on a Saturday paid at the same rate as 9am on a Tuesday.
It also claimed the contract could see trainee medics losing up to 30% of their pay as a result of receiving far fewer overtime payments for antisocial shifts and would also deepen the crisis in GP recruitment by removing a supplement paid to newly qualified doctors to help persuade them to go into general practice.
Amid a rising tide of unrest, the JDC voted on 26 September to hold a ballot about taking industrial action, including a possible strike, in protest at Hunt's plans. No timetable for the ballot has been announced but junior doctors have staged well-attended protests against the plans in London, Manchester and Glasgow in the last 10 days. Up to 14,000 have also already pledged to attend a major rally in central London on 17 October.
The Academy of Medical Royal Colleges, which represents the UK's 250,000 doctors professionally, welcomed Hunt's letter as an attempt to break the deadlock. “We are pleased to see the initiative from the secretary of state to seek to unblock the impasse on the junior doctors' contract,” said Prof Sue Bailey, the organisation's chair.
“The current concerns around the [proposed] contract reflect a strong feeling from our trainees that they are not valued in the NHS. Aside from the specific outcome on the contract, the academy believes this underlying issue has to be addressed and [medical royal] colleges are keen to play their part.”
Bailey also echoed Hunt's renewed call in his letter for the BMA to resume negotiations over the new contract with NHS Employers, which represents hospitals and other major NHS bosses.
“The view of [the] colleges is that the current difficulties will only be addressed through a return to negotiation and this must be the priority for the BMA and NHS Employers,” said Bailey.
“Whilst colleges have no responsibility for the detail of terms and conditions, we are clear that the highest standards of patient care are delivered by energetic, motivated and properly rested doctors with a positive work/life balance. This also results in the most effective learning. We hope this is reflected in the outcome of contract discussions.”
Hunt wants to see both junior doctors of all types and senior, experienced hospital doctors, such as consultants, working much more routinely at weekends in order to help realise the government's pledge of creating a seven-day NHS by 2020, without it costing the cash-strapped NHS any more money.
IOWA CITY — The autopsy for the Iowa State Student whose body was found in a trunk in Iowa City in September has been completed.
Mike Hensch, administrator for the Johnson County Medical Examiner's Office, said the autopsy for 20-year-old Tong Shao has been turned over to the Iowa City Police Department and the Johnson County Attorney's Office. However, there was little else about the autopsy that Hensch could share, including Shao's cause and manner of death.
“We're not in a position to do that yet,” Hensch said Monday.
Shao was reported missing to the Ames Police Department on Sept. 17, but her friends said they last heard from her on Sept. 8, when she texted them to say she was in Iowa City visiting a friend. She was thought to be heading to Minnesota after her Iowa City visit, which is why her friends did not report her missing for another nine days.
Police have previously said they do not know exactly when Shao died, but referred to Sept. 6 and 7 as a “critical time” in the investigation. Her body was not discovered until Sept. 26, when a Toyota Camry believed to belong to her was found parked at the Dolphin Lake Point Enclave. Shao's body was discovered in the trunk of the car.
In late September, Iowa City police described Shao's death as “suspicious.” However, the department said it would not release the cause and manner of death until Shao's autopsy was complete.
The police department has identified Xiangnan Li, a Chinese international student at the University of Iowa who has been described by police as Shao's boyfriend, as a person of interest in the case. Li is believed to have returned to China shortly after Shao's disappearance.
On Oct. 10, police filed two search warrants related to Li in Johnson County. However, those warrants remain under seal.
Image copyright AP Image caption IS released photos purporting to show Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad and Fan Jinghui
The killing of a Chinese national by the Islamic State (IS) militant group has sent shockwaves across China.
Official reaction was swift. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned IS for the kidnapping and killing of Fan Jinghui, and vowed to "bring the culprits to justice".
Fan Jinghui was killed alongside a Norwegian, Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad.
President Xi Jinping, while attending an Apec summit in Manila, reiterated that terrorism was the "common enemy of humanity", and added: "The Chinese government is opposed to all forms of terrorism, and will firmly crack down on any violent and terrorist activities."
It's not clear what actions China might take at this stage.
On social media, the first Chinese citizen's death at the hands of IS is one of the top trending topics.
Netizens express their shock and horror, calling IS "sickening". But opinion is divided as to how China should react to the latest IS atrocity. Some call for a Russia-style intervention to attack IS, saying "condemnation is empty, you need action".
Others urge caution.
One post says: "China doesn't want anything from the chaos in Syria, and if China takes revenge, the tragedy that happened in France will be repeated in China."
Another message said: "Europe can't wait for China to join in the tangled warfare, but we didn't create IS, and if we get into the fight, that would be big trouble for us."
A signed article circulating on the Wechat messenger service touches on the reaction to the Paris attacks and to the Chinese hostage killing.
"Some [netizens] say that terrorists are the product of inequality in Europe; it's resistance to the oppression of Western ideology in the third world," Hu Han writes.
"Now that the fire is burning close to home, do you still think it's other people's business?
"Terrorists are not fighting against Western civilisation; they are not fighting for social justice; they are killing civilians, and this is totally against humanity," he concludes.
Xinjiang violence
The latest development poses a new problem to China, which has been waging its own "war on terror" since 11 September 2001, mostly in the form of a crackdown on the separatist movement in its restive western region, Xinjiang.
The campaign intensified in recent years after a series of violent incidents across the country blamed on the Uighur separatists, including the suicide attack in Tiananmen Square in 2013 and the killing of 29 people in Kunming train station in 2014.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Russia has begun bombing targets in Syria - any such action by China is thought highly unlikely
As recently as this week, Chinese military police killed 17 people in Xinjiang allegedly connected with a deadly attack on a mine in September.
Chinese authorities also claim that some ethnic Uighurs who have fought with IS in Syria and Iraq have returned to China with plots to launch attacks in the country.
China hopes to win international support for the crackdown in Xinjiang, but human rights groups claim the government has been using any excuse to crush dissent. Uighurs inside and outside Xinjiang point out that many are driven to despair by the repressive policies of the Chinese government.
Perhaps an editorial published in the nationalist tabloid Global Times sums up the sentiments of many in China.
Under the title "the blood in Paris is hardly dry when Western media start defending violence and terror in Xinjiang," the article attacks "double standards" in the West, which it says only considers attacks suffered by Western countries as terrorism.
Given the complex nature of the perceived terror threat in China, it remains to be seen how China will respond to the latest IS atrocity, and if China will support the international coalition against IS.
Source: microcosmos/Shutterstock
Growing up, did you feel unconditionally loved and accepted by your ? Did you experience their caring and concern for you as a constant, even when your impulses got the better of you, and you acted outrageously? If that wasn't the case, what might you have done to secure your somewhat tenuous to them?
How you answer these questions is crucial. For to best understand yourself as an adult, you need to consider how, during your upbringing, you adapted to your caretakers' conditional approval of you. Nothing else can better explain what you may now be doing in your to avert the of possible disapproval. That is, if you want to grasp how your programming may, however unconsciously, be negatively affecting your interactions with others, it's essential to recognize what you did originally to minimize your core family relationship fears.
Doubtless, what you want to consider here is whether, unawares, your self-defensive behaviors may be hindering your relationships — and, just as important, whether they're likely to resolve the fundamental self-doubts engendered by your not feeling secure in your parental bond.
As a qualification, it should be added that our childhood defenses against not feeling sufficiently loved or valued by our primary caretakers probably served us reasonably well at the time. At least, back then they protected our fragile ego the best way we knew how. But at present, these defenses mostly handicap us from achieving the relational trust and intimacy we so badly missed earlier.
Ironically, these same defenses may also be keeping us from coming into our own authority — meaning that as grown-ups, our self-approval should no longer be contingent on how others see us. And that just wasn't true of us as children when, as dependent as we were on our parents, we lacked the capacity to approve of ourselves when they were clearly demonstrating their disapproval.
As part of our personal growth, we need to reach the point of giving ourselves final say on the rightness, or appropriateness, of our behavior. Not that it isn't prudent to take others' viewpoints into consideration. But to avoid displeasing them, we're hardly obliged to compromise our wants and needs — and certainly not, as self-determining individuals, our integrity.
As long as we do so conscientiously, we're certainly justified in giving our personal welfare top priority. If we don't do this, if we feel compelled to subordinate our wants and needs to others for of disappointing them, we'll end up seriously compromising our opportunity to live a life of contentment and personal fulfillment. For the prerequisite for achieving such an existence is not to worry or obsess about what others may think of us. As the title of Terry Cole Whittaker's book emphatically declares, What You Think of Me Is None of My Business (1979).
Here are four ways you may be sabotaging — or sacrificing — your by making what others think of you too much your business. Just as, to secure your bond with your parents, you may have felt an urgent need to impress them favorably, these are some of the counterproductive things you may still be doing to shield yourself from others' disapproval. Consider whether any of these descriptions characterize you, and more importantly, whether, despite their personal costs, you're obliged to continue these largely dysfunctional behaviors:
1. You're a or always put yourself under pressure to do better.
You feel compelled to try to do almost everything superlatively. And this way of seeking to eliminate others' disapproval is to be distinguished from a far healthier, and much more selective, striving for excellence, or endeavoring to be your personal best. If you're endlessly driven to excel at whatever you're engaged in (including recreational activities), what's suggested is that you're still governed by the notion that simply being “good enough” isn't good enough. And this is a conclusion you came to because you could only earn your parents' approval by outshining others.
Ask yourself: How content or happy can you be if you never permit yourself to relax? Ultimately, all your laborious exertions accomplish is replacing the fear of parental disapproval with an enduring, undiscriminating anxiety of incurring others' disapproval. You've subjugated yourself to their (mostly imagined) unrealistic expectations of you.
If you're this hard on yourself, you're likely to be hard on others, too. So, even though well-intended, such a childhood “adaptation program” is more likely to alienate you from others than endear them to you. Nor can such a habit ever grant you inner peace, since you're doomed to see yourself as only as good as your latest performance. Unwittingly, you're validating your parents' conditional regard for you by applying it to yourself.
2. You avoid undertaking anything you might fail at.
If, deep inside, you equate failure with parental disapproval or rejection, you might also hesitate or downright refuse to attempt anything where success is not guaranteed. And, as in the expression “Nothing ventured, nothing gained,” if you're unwilling to take risks, you may discover that you're regularly letting yourself and others down. Much of your fear of failure may have to do with how your parents reacted when you strove to achieve something, but fell short of their expectations. So, indirectly, you may actually have been taught not to take chances. But successful people typically are so because they're not especially risk averse. They're willing to “go for it,” because they see failure as mostly a step toward eventual success.
3. You preempt another's disapproval by keeping a “safe” distance from them.
If as a child (and this is generally more true of boys than girls), you finally gave up trying to win your parents' approval — for nothing you ever did helped you feel more comfortably connected to them — you may have come to deny altogether your need for such an attachment. It's a kind of psychological sour grapes. Once you determined you could never get what you craved, you decided you didn't really want it anyway.
And after you repudiated this universal need, you could “adaptively” repress the emotional pain of not feeling sufficiently cared about. Many people actively cultivate independence and take great pride in it, when secretly (even to themselves), they've been deeply wounded by their parents' emotional detachment or deficient positive regard for them.
Obviously, if you've been conditioned to doubt or distrust the very possibility of an intimate relationship, you'll be wary about putting yourself in a position to receive it. Your ego-protecting autonomy will compel you to keep others at a distance. As a consequence, you can never achieve your heart's deepest desire, which is to feel intimately attached to another. Paradoxically, should such a relationship offer itself to you, you're likely to feel threatened — or even antagonized — and turn your back on it.
It should be mentioned that is perhaps the most common defense used to keep people at what's perceived to be a safe distance. Unconsciously, you might be looking for any pretext to get mad at them, so as to almost guarantee that they'll draw further away from you. (See my post, “What Your Anger May Be Hiding.”)
4. You're a people-pleaser, and self-sacrificially codependent.
If you could only feel loved and accepted by your parents if you made your needs and desires secondary to theirs (and perhaps to your siblings' as well), such a once-adaptive program could later compel you to routinely put your preferences and priorities behind those of others.
Here you set yourself up to be exploited and taken advantage of. In effect, you're telling others that they can use you as their doormat, that it's okay for them to wipe their feet on you. Additionally, you take more responsibility for their thoughts and feelings than for your own. After all, declaring the primacy of your needs as a child only incurred parental disapproval. So being about what you liked became linked with heightened anxiety — and got conditioned out of you.
Tragically, it's easy to lose touch with what you really want and need if, as a child, you simply didn't have the “luxury” to focus on yourself. If the only way you could feel valued by your parents was to regularly disregard your needs, it's almost inevitable that as an adult you'll have great difficulty even recognizing them.
Conclusion
It might be worthwhile to explore what you may be doing that prevents you from feeling more satisfied with your life. Hopefully you'll realize that, unlike the past, you fully deserve — and have every right to pursue — the soothing, fulfilling intimacy you were deprived of earlier. Consider, finally, that your brain is a bio-computer, and that, like all other computers, it can be reprogrammed. So, whether on your own or through professional assistance, think about whether you might wish to rewrite old programs that no longer work — or no longer can work — for you.
Villagers in Guangdong province, southern China, became — at least on paper — billion-yuan property magnates overnight after the rebuilding of their town. But despite their fortune, many continue to lead thrifty lives because they can't find tenants.
In 2011, a property developer started a renovation project to turn Dachong Village, near Shenzhen in Guangdong, into a commercial hub, adding office buildings, hotels, and residential compounds.
Almost 400 families were asked to leave their homes and offered brand-new apartments as compensation, with the number of properties they received based on the amount of land and floor space they had previously owned.
In April this year, new keys were handed over to the villagers, and as former farmers became landlords, the hunt was on for tenants.
Not everyone has been successful, however. Screenshots circulated on social media show that a villager surnamed Ruan, the new owner of 66 apartments, recently filed an online complaint with the local government. The petition stated that the dearth of nearby office buildings has left her properties empty. She appealed to the district authority to build more office buildings and business centers in the area to ensure that there will be more potential tenants for the apartments she owns in a newly-constructed compound.
The complaint has since been removed from the government's website.
Ruan wrote that she borrowed money from banks to equip all of her 66 apartments with the necessary appliances, but that as of early June, she had only managed to rent out five units. She said she was able to rent a 40-square-meter apartment for just over 2,000 yuan and a 50-square-meter apartment for less than 3,000 yuan. But as for her larger apartments, Ruan said she failed to rent out a single one of her two-bedroom, 60-square-meter apartments.
Another villager told financial newspaper National Business Daily that she continues to work as a nursemaid and eats 20-yuan ($3) lunches out of habit, despite owning 100 brand-new apartments.
However, it seems some in Dachong have had a bit more luck. Sixth Tone spoke with a man surnamed Zheng who was compensated with more than 100 apartments. Zheng said that of these, he'd already managed to rent out more than half, adding that he charged 3,400 yuan for a 40-square-meter room and at least 4,000 yuan for a 50-square-meter room.
“Every day I would manage to rent out a few of my apartments,” Zheng said. “I signed one-year contracts with my tenants because I'm confident that a year from now, the rents will definitely have gone up.”
Zheng even set up a booth near some office buildings close to his apartments to advertise his properties. His mobile number is displayed on a banner, and he says he cuts costs this way by avoiding the commission fees charged by real estate agents.
Li Yetai, a property agent based in the area, told Sixth Tone that at least one-third of the thousands of new apartments have been rented out, and that in next two months the occupancy rate could surpass 90 percent.
“It's been less than two months since the property developer handed out keys to the owners,” Li said. “This is a prosperous area, given its location near the subway line. The supporting commercial infrastructure has been added, and businesses are gradually being brought in.”
(Header image: High-rise apartment buildings under construction in Dachong Village, Shenzhen, May 8, 2015. Liang Xiashun/VCG)
The dust has settled and it is time to have an in-depth look at the media coverage that gamescom received this year. I think you would all benefit checking out my article from last year. I will compare a lot this year and last year, but a proper refresher can be found in that post.
gamescom 2015
This year's gamescom was particularly interesting due to a number of differences from the previous years.
New dates
gamescom 2015 was 2 weeks earlier than the previous editions. It took place from the 5th of August to the 9th of August. I have heard multiple theories as to why the dates were changed, but couldn't confirm any of them. What is certain is that on the industry side, I haven't met anyone who liked those dates. They are in the sacrosanct first half of August during which most of continental Europe is on holidays. While it might have been a motivation, in order to make it easier for consumers to attend the B2C side of the event, the business side hated it. Another point was the proximity with E3 which is further explained below. This said, it didn't seem to affect much my own meetings (anecdotal evidence there) or the attendance numbers. But it probably impacted the second change from previous years:
No Sony conference
While Sony was present at gamescom and had a massive booth, there was no media briefing the day before the event started. Microsoft was basically on its own this time around, with no other comparable media briefing to face it.
The reason for this is more than likely due the proximity between gamescom and E3 this year. With an extra early gamescom, there were only 6 weeks between the two events and Sony decided to skip gamescom and to have a media briefing ahead of the Paris Games Week this year instead (late October, in Paris as the name suggests).
Expanded halls
This was the first time in a while that the exhibition halls were moved at gamescom. It meant some extra space for the B2B area with Hall 2 and 3 for the first time used at gamescom. The B2C section was also expanded, with the usually only partially used Halls 10.1 and 10.2 better populated, and Hall 5 taken from the B2B for the first time. Hall 1 was also secured for a one night event around German Youtubers.
Riot Games wasn't present this year, after having occupied half a hall in 2014, but the space they left vacant was filled in with more exhibitors this year.
Numbers
Here are the numbers as announced by the gamescom's organisers:
345,000 visitors (+10,000 from 2014)
33,200 trade visitors (+1,700 from 2014)
806 exhibitors (+106 from 2014)
6,000 media reps (same as 2014, but according to the organizers they were stricter than previously with the requirements for a press accreditation)
There is a growth for the event, even if it is not a massive one (were are talking about +3% for visitors and +5% for trade visitors). Considering the size the event has already reached, this is not necessarily surprising. I wonder though if the change in dates helped or made it harder for the growth.
In short, this year gamescom was again massive. But enough of this, let's look at *our* numbers.
gamescom in the media
All numbers here are taken as usual from our media monitor. They cover the whole week of gamescom, like last year.
With only one media briefing taking place on the Tuesday, the peak of the media coverage didn't happen on that day like last year. Wednesday is an important day at gamescom as this is the one day where the show floor is open to professionals-only. A lot of media meetings happen during that day, and somehow, this year saw a lot more output than last year.
So, despite no press conference from Sony this year, there were more articles published on the Tuesday and way way more articles on the Wednesday. Overall, this year's media output was significantly bigger than last year.
More than 25% articles published in the week mentioned gamescom. That's a very significant increase, especially when Sony didn't have a media brief to announce something major.
Looking only at the 5 top languages, there was some growth across the board, but the largest part of this year's growth came from German and Italian media outlets.
Looking purely at the number of unique websites covering the event, it is interesting to see that there is almost no growth – the increase in the number of articles is coming from a generally bigger output by the media attending, rather than more media attending the event. This is particularly striking when considering the Italian media, where fewer sites covered gamescom, but still had close to 67% more articles than last year.
Platforms
With no Sony media brief this year, the results for the platform with the largest media coverage shouldn't be very surprising.
What is quite striking is how the Playstation 4 performance is still strong in regards to its main competitor. A lot was happening for Sony at gamescom, their booth was large and busy, but it also speaks for the strength of the brand (especially in Europe) to keep such a strong media presence.
Compared to last year, where they were holding a press conference, Sony didn't seem to lose much media presence. It is good to bear in mind that this year was a very strong year in terms of the media output, though. Less media coverage, during a year that saw a significant growth, could well hide a much bigger missed opportunity for Sony.
In the case of Microsoft, the net gain is incontestable, with almost +50% articles on Xbox One from last year's event. Also notable for them, is the very strong showing of Windows 10 in the media, even though this is across kind of articles and a number of them might just be related to the release of the OS and not be connected to gamescom. By our metrics, it is still a very strong week in terms of media presence.
Nintendo's consoles performed better than last year as well, following the general growth of the event in terms of media coverage.
Finally, while closer than ever to its consumer version launch, Oculus doesn't seem to have grown massively its media coverage from its presence at gamescom.
Comparing E3 and gamescom
For reference, this is the same comparison I did last year:
Those numbers from last year show a significant difference of scale between the two events, with E3 taking a much more prominent role in the calendar of all actors in the games industry.
The number for this year are very instructive. Where the Playstation 4 had a similar coverage at E3 year-on-year, the Xbox One had a great E3 compared to last year, and an even greater gamescom. The media coverage it received was at a similar level as E3 last year.
Unsurprisingly, Microsoft having free reign at gamescom paid off – but I think it is important to highlight that it didn't happen purely because of the absence of serious contenders. This year's gamescom conference was, to me, the best Microsoft has organised in years, across the different E3s and gamescoms. If you ignore the incredibly cringey eSport moment with the commentators going on about a pre-recorded match, the overall line was very strong, quite varied, and had a surprising number of first announcements, without too much of the forced-down-your-throat “we are awesome” lines that are usual for Microsoft (and that I believe is not as well received in Europe as it is in the US).
It is a welcome strong performance and sets up for an interesting gamescom next year, when it will be held at a more usual time of somewhere in mid-August.
Games
Like last year, I have prepared a graph with the top 30 games mentioned during the gamescom's week. All games highlighted in green are titles that were featured during the Microsoft press conference:
The star of the show last year was Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare (with about 1,700 articles). This time around, the Call of Duty game ranks 19th. The change of privileged partner from Sony to Microsoft is surely playing a big role (and we should see how it pays off media-wise after Paris Games Week).
EA and Blizzard also both holding press conferences had a big impact. World of Warcraft, while having a very very steady amount of coverage normally, rarely breaks into the most covered in the media. Star Wars Battlefront, FIFA 16 and Mirror's Edge all benefitted from Electronic Arts media conference.
Metal Gear Solid 5 shows the incredible strength of the brand, and Konami did put a lot out during gamescom to promote their game.
Another very notable performance is DOTA 2. Totally unrelated from gamescom, this is thanks to the final phase of The International 5 taking place the exact same week as gamescom. I am not sure this was ideal for the game, but it still managed to be very present in the news cycles.
Concluding thoughts
While there is already a very interesting picture appearing from this year's gamescom, the story won't really be complete until we see how the shift to Paris Games Week will do for Sony. The lead that Microsoft has created in its media presence during gamescom is very real, but it hasn't translated in something durable so far:
DALLAS -- Anaheim Ducks defenseman Stephane Robidas fractured his right leg early in the second period of Game 3 of Anaheim's first-round series with the Dallas Stars. He was taken to a Dallas-area hospital for further evaluation.
Robidas and Ryan Garbutt got tangled up in front of the Ducks' net, and Robidas had to be helped off. He wasn't able to put any weight on the leg as he left the ice at American Airlines Center.
"It's a big loss for us," Anaheim defenseman Cam Fowler said. "My heart just breaks for the guy. He worked so hard to come back and become a big part of this team, and then there's a freak accident and he goes down again. Really I'm just thinking about him and hoping that he's doing OK. He was a big part of this team and was going to continue to play a huge role for us. It's a pretty big loss."
It's the same leg Robidas fractured Nov. 29 as a member of the Stars. He missed four months before returning to the ice with the Ducks last month.
"It's a huge loss because he was playing great," Anaheim coach Bruce Boudreau said. "And of course, I think all the guys on the bench felt extremely bad for him. Here's your teammate who's just fought his way back from a broken leg.
"I don't know what the extent of the injury is. I know it doesn't look good and he's probably out for a long time, but it looked like the same leg and everything to me. You have to feel for an athlete that worked so hard to get back and then that same thing happens to him."
Robidas was traded at the deadline for a conditional fourth-round draft pick.
"It's obviously upsetting," said Stars defenseman Trevor Daley, who played with Robidas for much of the season in Dallas. "Steph is a warrior. It's tough. We want to beat them with Robi in there. It's upsetting."
As Robidas was helped off the ice, many in the sellout crowd of 19,120 chanted, "Robi, Robi," in support of a player who played 704 regular-season games over two stints in Dallas.
Robidas played 7:21 on Monday with one shot on goal before the injury. The Ducks lost 3-0.
Boudreau said the options to replace Robidas in Game 4 on Wednesday night include Luca Sbisa and Mark Fistric, another former Dallas player.
Fistric has completed a rehab stint after being out since March 15 because of a lower-body injury. Sbisa is in his fifth season with the Ducks but has never been in the playoffs and appeared in only 30 games this season.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A normal, healthy person might have 10 minutes to an hour, or six hours to 36 hours--depending on whom you ask--before settling into a premature grave. Scientists disagree, but one thing's for sure: it wouldn't be long.
It all comes down to the amount of air available in the coffin itself. The smaller you are, the longer you'll survive, because you take up less space, which means more room for oxygen. The moment your oxygen supply is gone spells the end. Swimmers or marathon runners with excellent lung capacity might gain an extra minute by holding their breaths.
The smaller you are, the longer you'll survive.
Let's say the average casket measures 84 by 28 by 23 inches, so its total volume is 54.096 cubic inches, or 886 liters. We'll use that as the internal volume too, to give you a few extra minutes of life. And the average volume of a human body is 66 liters. That leaves 820 liters of air, one-fifth of which (164 liters) is oxygen. If a trapped person consumes 0.5 liters of oxygen per minute, it would take almost 5 and a half hours before all the oxygen in the coffin was consumed.
“There's nothing someone [buried alive] could do. Once you're in there, you're in there,” says Alan R. Leff, professor emeritus at University of Chicago in the pulmonary and critical care department. That's because the coffin is probably well-sealed, not to mention buried under 6 feet of soil.
Even if you were able to get out of the coffin without exhausting your air supply first, you'd find yourself in a situation similar to being buried in a mega-landslide or avalanche. The dirt would be so dense and heavy that your chest wouldn't be able to expand. “It'd be like concrete setting in the course of seconds,” says Ethan Greene, Director of the Colorado Avalanche Information Center. Snow is heavy, but earth is even heavier. And if you were able to move, the dirt would fall into your mouth or nostrils and could end up clogging your airways.
But there is one upside. As the carbon dioxide builds up it would make you sleepy and you'd eventually fall into a coma before your heart stopped and the rest of your body followed.
“You might feel the suffocation, and it would obviously be terrifying,” Leff says, but at the very least, you wouldn't be conscious during those last moments.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The World Health Organization is poised to declare a global influenza pandemic after a spike in H1N1 cases in Australia, where five people have been admitted to intensive care and 1,263 cases of “swine flu” recorded.
A man walks into the Victorian Infectious Diseases Reference Laboratory (VIDRL) in Melbourne June 11, 2009. The World Health Organisation is poised to declare a global influenza pandemic after a spike in H1N1 cases in Australia, where five people have been admitted to intensive care units and 1,263 cases of "swine flu" recorded. The VIDRL is Melbourne's largest public health reference laboratory with core responsibilities in virology and mycobacteriology. REUTERS/Mick Tsikas
Australian authorities on Thursday defended their handling of the flu virus, saying the high number of cases was a result of widespread testing.
“We have tested 5,500 people in the last two weeks, that is more people than we test in our whole (normal) influenza season,” said Victorian state premier John Brumby.
“Elsewhere around the world, in the United States and Canada, they are only testing the most serious cases,” said Brumby.
The WHO will hold an emergency meeting of experts on Thursday to discuss the spreading virus in a sign the U.N. agency may be poised to declare the first pandemic in more than 40 years.
There have been 27,737 cases reported in 74 countries to date, including 141 deaths, according to the WHO's latest tally.
PANDEMIC ALERT
Confirmed community spread in a second region beyond North America would trigger moving to phase 6 — signifying a full-blown pandemic — from the current phase 5 on the WHO's 6-level pandemic alert scale.
“We are pretty certain we are seeing that,” Peter Cordingley, spokesman for WHO in the Western Pacific, told Australian radio.
Australia has the fifth-highest number of H1N1 flu cases worldwide, after the United States, Mexico, Canada and Chile.
Its first H1N1 case was announced on May 9, with a woman in the tropical northern state of Queensland testing positive after returning from Los Angeles.
Australia's government has ordered 10 million doses of swine flu vaccine being developed by pharmaceutical company CSL Ltd.
The country has implemented standard health procedures to stop the spread of H1N1, such as thermal scanning at airports, quarantining those diagnosed and issuing hygiene warnings.
But some health experts say Australian authorities have failed to control the spread of H1N1 due to a lack of co-ordination between national and state health officials.
“The message given to people was that this was not a serious disease and people have not complied with quarantine guidelines. People have gone to work sick. People have not taken it seriously,” James Schluter, a biochemist with law firm Holding Redlich, told Reuters.
Holy moly! BET Awards hostess Leslie Jones got the show off to a LOUD start with an epic monologue, dissing on the new generation of rappers. We've got more on what she had to say.
Oh boy! Leslie Jones let loose in her opening monologue at the 2017 BET Awards on June 25. The hostess and Saturday Night Live funny lady got things off to a rollicking start with a VERY loud and lively routine. She had promised her stint would be roast-free, but she couldn't help herself by poking fun at young rappers names, and how well behaved the younger generation is and how she's turning 50 and FIERCE. She ran onstage in a black suit screaming, “WHAT'S UP!!! We're about to have some fun in here ALRIGHT!” at the top of her lungs. “Try to start relaxing your shoulders. I want joy in this house,” she demanded.
Les joked about things when she was coming up, “Instagram was a dope deal.” She also said wasn't familiar with young rappers named because, “When I was coming up you could understand their names because they belonged to them,” saying Ol' Dirty Bastard was exactly that. “What's a Lil Yachty. Is it a small boat? Why don't you want to be a Big Yachty? I don't understand?” she questioned.
“I'm older than all y'all, I'm about to be 50-years-old in September. That's right. Black don't crack, but you do have to use some lotion,” Les joked. “I'm definitely having more fun than you young folks. When I was in my 20's, I lived. I think I got kidnapped when I was 21. Do you know how it sexy it is to get kidnaped?” she asked as the audience looked on in shock. “You pull your pants down and and an angel fly out of there. You pull MY pants down and a fire breathing dragon will come outta there,” she yelled, and added how her dragon “will keep your meat warm,” as the camera panned to the shocked audience.
Leslie followed up an absolutely rousing opening number by Bruno Mars, 31, that helped kick off the big evening. Earlier the comedienne walked the red carpet outside the Microsoft Theater in downtown LA in a custom green Michael Costello gown, and she looked SO stunning! After that though, anything ladylike went out the window as she went on to make jokes about her public hair and other raunchy topics throughout the telecast.
HollywoodLifers, what did you think of Leslie's opening monologue at the BET Awards?
No matter where you live, I'm betting at some point you've experienced one of those unseasonably warm winter days where curiosity got the best of you and you took the bass gear out of hibernation for a few hours. Living in North Carolina, I often get a bunch of these days, and nothing gets you more pumped up than when you get on the lake and find shad flickering in the shallows and mark bass high in the water column. The anticipation is raging and all your senses are firing, but then it all comes crashing down when you can't get a bite throwing spinnerbaits and everything else you associate with bass around bait schools. That's because although it may look like a summer scenario, it's not summer, so you have to change your thinking.
Unseasonably warm weather creates confusion for both the bass and the angler. The bass see all the active bait rising to the surface and they know it's a good chance to feed, but at the same time they struggle to commit to a massive change from a winter holding pattern to a summer-style feeding frenzy. When shad are creating surface commotion, it's also easy for the angler to get confused into thinking every spot is a happening spot. Even if you've dialed in some activity (as in seen a few bass bust), you're going to find that the fish are less likely to react to and eat traditional summer schooling-type lures like spinnerbaits and topwaters.
Through the years I've found one pretty reliable method to make some of those "confused" bass chew. What I do is cast a small swimbait on a jighead with light line around the areas where I see activity. If you think the method won't produce big bass, you're wrong. Lighter weights (like 1/16- to 1/4-oz) on 3- to 4-inch swimbaits create a subtle action, make a quiet entry, and have little vibration underwater. Slow horizontal retrieves keep the lure in the strike zone longer, too. I've found that these small swimbaits produce best on calmer days, but clear or cloudy skies have made little difference in my success.
Barcelona are continuing to set trends in European football. The Blaugrana have begun this season using far more players from their youth system and for far more minutes than any of their biggests European rivals.
Jordi Gil
The information has come from a study by Esteve Calzada, the founder of Prime Time Sport.
Calzada evaluated the minutes accumulated by players formed in the canteras of the biggest clubs on the continent, which in Barça's case meant La Masia graduates.
And it revealed that Luis Enrique has already handed homegrown players 2,415 minutes in his first four matches in charge of the club.
Following Barça in second place is Bayern Munich. Pep Guardiola's side have counted on players from their youth system for 1,448 minutes of action so far - practically 1,000 less minutes than the Blaugrana.
It is a noticeable amount considering how few games have been played.
Next come Arsenal (823), Manchester United (771) and then, in fifrth position, Real Madrid (706). The four teams making up the study are Chelsea (463), Milan (270), Juventus (270) and Inter (119).
In the case of the Italian clubs, they have played one less league match.
Barcelona's 2,415 minutes have been accounted for by 14 players. Of them all, 11 form part of the first team, while Munir El Haddadi, Sandro Ramirez and Sergi Samper have been included from Barça B.
That number could improve to 15 if and when goalkeeper Jordi Masip, currently injured, makes his debut.
Democrats complained that Congress was lurching from one crisis to the next, with a stack of big issues still unresolved, including a long-term spending deal.
“We shouldn't be funding the government week to week, month to month, but yet my Republican friends have ended up doing just that,” said Representative Jim McGovern, Democrat of Massachusetts. “They can't seem to get their act together.”
The stopgap bill provides money for CHIP and community health centers through March. And it directs the secretary of health and human services to distribute leftover CHIP funds to states with the most urgent financial problems so they do not have to shut down the program.
But the $2.85 billion provided for CHIP is far less than the five years of funds that congressional leaders had promised, and it is unclear whether those funds will be adequate. Some states had already begun to inform parents that their children could lose coverage early next year if Congress did not act. The bill does not provide the certainty that state officials had been seeking.
“I do not think this is anywhere close to enough money,” said Bruce Lesley, the president of First Focus, a child advocacy group. “For a $12 billion to $14 billion program, this provides less than $3 billion for what is effectively six months” — the first half of the 2018 fiscal year, which began in October.
Leaders of both parties in the House and the Senate support legislation to provide five years of funds for CHIP, but they have been unable to agree on how to pay for it. The standoff over CHIP is remarkable because the program has had strong bipartisan support since it was created 20 years ago, when Bill Clinton was president and Republicans controlled both houses of Congress.
It also comes after the Republicans passed the $1.5 trillion tax measure with little effort to pay for it.
Last Sunday's New York Times Week in Review section took a look at burgeoning cage-free regulations for egg-laying hens in California, Oregon, Arizona, Colorado, Michigan, Ohio, Florida and Maine. Currently only 2% of America's hens are raised outside of battery cages (8 x 8 inches allotted to each bird; 6 birds to a cage).
After Iowa, Ohio is America's second largest producer of eggs and the Buckeye state is the latest to adopt new anti-confinement standards. Animal welfare groups and farmers have agreed to phase out small crates for gestating hogs and veal calves, and to ban new cages for egg-laying hens (existing cages can remain) in Ohio.
The average price of a dozen organic, cage-free eggs is about $3.66 while conventional eggs run $0.93. So, attention Whole Foods shoppers… A family of four living in the second Great Depression, their passion for animal welfare notwithstanding, is unlikely to regularly pay four times for this staple.
Animal welfare groups such as the Humane Society of the United States have aggressively pushed the $590 billion US food-service industry to adopt and promote cage-free egg purveyors. Bon Appétit Management adopted a commitment to purchase only cage-free SHELL eggs. While Bon Appétit has made a strong marketing move with its cage-free policy, the conceit of this decision is that SHELL eggs only account for about 2% of the eggs served in a commercial food service operation — the same proportion as the share of eggs raised cage-free in the US.
There's no doubt that combination of increased consumer awareness and the dogged work of NGOs like the Humane Society has produced increased public policy in the cage-free egg arena. What is less clear is how impactful these highly-publicized debates have been against an overall objective of increasing animal welfare.
Finally, and forgive the maudlin tone of this post, the cost to produce cage-free eggs is higher potentially pushing smaller producers out of the market. But critics of CSR and sustainability often lament that the lack of high impact priorities creates tepid, green-washed programs. And we need to balance the materiality of CSR execution strategy with consumer demand.
So, the question lingers, should cage-free eggs be a significant component of large-scale sustainable agricultural policy in commerical food service or state legislatures?
How Does Solar Water Heating Work?
A solar water heating (SWH) system works in conjunction with your existing water heater or boiler to essentially preheat water before it enters the existing tank. Current systems can be used in conjunction with natural gas, electric or propane backup water heaters and boilers and even with tankless water heaters as long as the solar water heating system is compatible.
Inside Solar Thermal Systems
Solar collectors, typically mounted on your property's roof, absorb the sun's thermal energy.
A pump circulates a heat transfer fluid from the collectors through a heat exchanger in your solar storage tank.
The heat exchanger transfers the sun's warmth to your water supply.
Hot water flows to your existing water heater, which provides backup heating when the sun isn't shining.
“How much would it take for you to go see that Entourage movie?” That's how Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal opened his June 1 radio show, perfectly framing the problem facing the brands that have made whoopee with the new feature film spinoff of the HBO series. Namely, what's to be gained by a brand paying out for product placement in a franchise that so clearly derides them?
If the buzz about an upcoming film is as much about the product placement as it is about the film, then is it possible that the film can be a “new paragon of product placement?” That's what Adweek calls Entourage in its May 31st article.
Scroll down for the complete list of brands (some co-owned by its producer and lead star) featured in the new Entourage movie, opening today — and first, a little food for thought.
Entourage is a satire about Hollywood, and satire and product placement do not mix. At best, a brand's appearance in a satire might merit a watercooler mention. This is what Seinfeld achieved with its many brand mentions, from Junior Mints to Snickers. At worst, satire confuses and misrepresents the brand identity and thus the brand experience. In Entourage‘s case, this already happened with Johnnie Walker.
Adweek‘s story on Entourage‘s brand partners focuses largely on its product placement and branded entertainment short film tie-in with Cadillac.
But before GM debuted its Ari Gold is Back online short film last month promoting the Cadillac Ciel with Jeremy Piven's Entourage character, Johnnie Walker launched its online campaign in April featuring Kevin Dillon's Entourage character Johnny Drama, a partnership that was out of character for Johnnie.
Even Ari Gold's assistant-turned-agent is getting in on the action, with Lloyd (aka actor Rex Lee) starring in a series of ads for Wix.com with Heidi Klum.
The irony is that Entourage the series mocked the very kind of product partnerships that are part of Entourage the movie. Season 2, episode 6 of the show featured a wonderfully satirical TV commercial for a Chinese energy drink that hired Adrian Grenier's lead character, Vince Chase, for $500,000.
The series was brand-obsessed as bling was a sign that the boys from Queens had made it. There was the time that Eric (E) convinced Vinnie to buy a Rolls-Royce Phantom. Every episode featured the sneaker-loving Turtle in a recognizable streetwear brand, including Mark Ecko and Zoo York, when he wasn't wearing a New York sports team logo on his t-shirt or baseball cap. He also led the boys on a memorable hunt for Nike Air Force 1 x Fukijama sneakers.
While Cadillac is Entourage‘s big movie tentpole partner, it's not the the first auto brand partner for Entourage the series. That honor goes to Maserati, featured in the second episode of season 2: “My Maserati Does 185,” which involved a Beverly Hills Maserati dealer. It must kill Lincoln that the Cadillac Ciel seems like a nod to the Lincoln Continental that was for years a very prominent part of the HBO show's opening credits.
Entourage‘s Cadillac placement is likely to stand out more for movie-goers than Johnnie Walker. But even here, Cadillac faces a problem. The car it means to show off in the film is not available yet. This strategy to create buzz runs the risk of creating disappointment.
Meanwhile, fans actually hoping to someday drive a Ciel can look other concept car product placements. Maybe the most successful concept car placement was Audi's RSQ in I, Robot. That car closely resembled Audi's (available) R8 sports car. (The R8 was later boosted by the role of Iron Man‘s car of choice.)
And then there's the case of how Lexus leveraged its came in Steven Spielberg's Minority Report. The automaker published its own report, Lexus 2054: What Came True, highlighting futuristic real-world innovations like “Voice-Activated Concierge Service,” “Memory Metal that Protects from Dents/Scratches” and “Sonar Parking Assist.” All cool, but not the Lexus features audiences swooned over when Tom Cruise was driving the car on-screen. At the bottom of this category is the Dodge Fantasticar and Fantastic Four.
The best automobile product placements are those that place an actual available automobile. The classic case is James Bond's BMW Z3, followed by Dodge Charger's embrace of the Fast and Furious franchise in concert with its relaunched Charger. In 2010, four years after after launch, the new Charger was Dodge's fifth best-selling car. In February 2015, after Charger-heavy Fast 5 and on the cusp of the release of Dodge partner Fast and Furious 6, the Charger was its second best-seller.
GM's other Entourage movie placements may fare better the Cadillac Ciel. The Cadillac Escalade is in the film, but the scene-stealer may be the new Corvette Stingray convertible, driven by red-hot MMA fighter Ronda Rousey (who, ironically, once lived in her car).
The Adweek story about Entourage creator Doug Ellin and his work with Cadillac, Johnnie Walker and Avion tequila doesn't mention others like VanDutch yachts or how the inspiration for Chase—who's also Entourage‘s executive producer—is marketing the film with brand tie-ins.
Rockin' the #EntourageMovie Jordans at the premiere in LA tonight! Thank you MJ and Reggie! pic.twitter.com/Wi0oJBXqYw — Mark Wahlberg (@mark_wahlberg) June 2, 2015
For the last week, Entourage executive producer Mark Wahlberg (yes, that Mark Wahlberg) has been tweeting about his limited edition Entourage sneakers created by Nike's Jordan Brand. The kicks feature Vinnie, Turtle, Ari, Johnny and E in gold silhouette on the tongue. Wahlberg has been teasing them (at top) to his 2.5 million Twitter followers ahead of their red carpet debut at the film's premiere last night.
By the way, the Marketplace radio segment on Entourage covered the Go Fund Me campaign set up by Wendy Molyneux Drake that has raised $25,800 (and climbing) to force her to see the film multiple times. In an un-Entourage-like move, however, the money all goes to charity.
ENTOURAGE PRODUCT PLACEMENTS AND BRAND MENTIONS
So how does Entourage‘s identifiable 65 brands and products compare to its Hollywood peers? Last year's Transformers: Age of Extinction had 55 identifiable brands while 2011's Transformers: Dark of the Moon had 71. Mark Wahlberg vehicle Ted, meanwhile, had 38 brands. Entourage bested 2010's Iron Man 2 by a single brand.
And yet, try as they might have, the bro-tet could not hold a match to the HBO quartet to which they are often compared; 2008's Sex and the City movie, which boasted 94 identifiable brands. (2001's Stallone movie Driven remains the record-holder for any major film that reached the top of the box office with 102 identifiable products and brand names, or about one brand every 68 seconds of the film.)
Every brand (by product appearance or mention) in Entourage, in order of prominence and frequency (least to most):
Gucci
Chanel
Staples Center
Van Cleef & Arpels
Porsche
BMW
Roor (bongs)
The New York Islanders
Red Cross
A&E
Dell
Louis Vuitton
Grinder
CNBC
Instagram
San Francisco 49ers
JustJared.com
Ahmanson Foundation
Coke
Maserati
Life Fitness
Range Rover
Everlast
Churchkey (co-owned in real life by Adrian Grenier)
The Hollywood Reporter
UFC
Bentley
Under Armour
The Little Door
Chevrolet
Riedel
Puma
Viagra
Kitson
Sports Illustrated
Dior
Equinox
Beck's beer
Usher yacht charters
VanDutch yachts
Uber
Aston Martin
Lamborghini
New York Yankees
Lincoln
Moet
Ferrari
TMZ
Mr. Skin
Sbarro
Mentos
Smart Water
Marked (Mark Wahlberg's body building supplements brand)
Aqua Hydrate (Producer Mark Wahlberg's bottled water brand)
Corvette
Jodan
Nike
Mercedes-Benz
New Era
The Golden Globes
Oliver Peoples
Apple
Avion tequila
Cadillac
Budweiser
Editor's note: Did we miss any brands in Entourage? Post a comment below. An earlier version of this story attributed Adweek's Entourage story to Ad Age.
Possible Spinward Traveller Show Opening
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#1
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#2
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#3
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#4
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#5
SPINWARD TRAVELLER Clip#6
(more on the way every few days- check back)
These are not the final product. They are simply shot to give you a feeling of where we want to go. With a larger budget, we can build sets, get better props and costumes. So please help us spread the word. I can't wait to see how far we get! Thank you for your help.
For daily updates log on to Facebook... https://www.facebook.com/SpinwardTraveller
If you are interested in an add-on below just add the value below to your current pledge.
If you purchase this add-on, please send a message to us letting us know you increased your pledge, this will determine your number value in the limited edition limited print run. Number values are assigned first come first served.
Jon Spinward is a prominent starship cargo broker, kidnapped by a crew of pirates. But making a living raiding other starships is a hard life, and Jon must navigate this group of rogues and misfits in hopes of turning them into a legitimate far-trader business. Together, this band of unlikely allies must dodge competing pirates, navigate labyrinthian Imperial procedures, and the dangers of the empire's border sector. Once they do, then maybe Jon can turn a profit and finally get a passage ticket back home.
Or maybe he might discover something more important than money out there in the frontier.
Starring: Samantha Swords, Brian Lewis, John Wells, Kristin Pelletier, Alexandra Whitman, Jenny Simmons, Sawyer Krause & Jessica Russo.
Producer: Ken Whitman
Executive Producer: Marc Miller
Studio: d20 Entertainment
"Traveller" is the grandaddy of all science fiction role-playing games, first published in 1977 by Game Designers' Workshop and subsequent editions by various companies remaining in print to this day. It is estimated that over 9 million people have played Traveller in its 35 year existence. Characters in the game typically journey between various star systems and engage in activities such as exploration, ground and space battles, and interstellar trading.
We are d20 Entertainment (d20E), creators of the Brothers Barbarian Web Series (in its second season.) Our production company, located in Brandenburg Kentucky, is currently crafting a variety of entertainments specializing in niche markets. The KODT Live Action Series (our previous Kickstarter) is the first of several we are generating for the geek culture.
Spinward Traveller is classic science-fiction; a compelling story of misfits and heroes struggling to survive in the vast sea of stars that is the Traveller role-playing game universe. Based on Marc Miller's award-winning RPG Traveller, our story captures the essence of role-playing; of characters who have to work together in order to succeed. We wanted to stay true to Marc Miller's vision of the far future, and we have recruited cast and crew who are passionate about the Traveller RPG and getting the story atmosphere right. Making any show is expensive; making sci-fi is doubly so. We'll have hundreds of people and thousands of person-hours involved just for the 22 minute version.
Funding this project is a monumental undertaking, and this is where you come in. Your support through the Kickstarter process is what allows us to make this happen.
At our base goal of $30k, we can produce a short theatrical format movie: around 22 minutes long.
we can produce a short theatrical format movie: around 22 minutes long. At $60k, we can double the show length to around 44 minutes (which counts, under the various motion picture definitions, as feature-length).
we can double the show length to around 44 minutes (which counts, under the various motion picture definitions, as feature-length). At $90k, we can make this an extended story at around 88 minutes.
we can make this an extended story at around 88 minutes. At $120k, we can make this a truly memorable experience at 96 minutes.
There's more: We have a few stretch goals in mind after we break $90k, but we're keeping that information under wraps until we get closer to hitting our goals.
Let's be clear: We're making a science-fiction movie. It has great characters and a great story, but it is also going to have what you expect in a story set in the far future: starships flitting through space, space battles, planets looming in the background, alien landscapes, alien beasts, strange cityscapes, and weird atmospheres.
The base reward is a 22 minute video. With successful funding, every Backer at $15 or more receives the 22-minute video. As we reach higher levels of funding, the base reward for backers improves.
When (not IF, when) we reach the $60k goal, not only will you get the 44 minute movie/show, you will get a digital download of the Spinward theme song. If you pledged $30 or more, you will also get a genuine Beowulf Free Trader starship Crew ID card, embossed with (random) crew classification and (random) UPP.
When we reach the $90k goal, not only will you get the 88 minute movie/show, you will get a full-color digital download of the crew characters with images and Traveller RPG stats. If you pledged $60 or more, you will also get a (printed) deck plan of the Beowulf Free Trader starship deck plan AND the secret appendix detailing the differences between the video's ship and the standard starship.
not only will you get the 88 minute movie/show, you will get a full-color digital download of the crew characters with images and Traveller RPG stats. When we reach the $120k goal, not only will you get the 96 minute movie/show, you will get a 16 page full-color digital download comic starring the Beowulf crew on an adventure in the Spinward Marches in Traveller universe. Below is a list of movie props that you can add to your Traveller reward/war chest. E-mail us here on Kickstarter and let us know what you are willing to pay for the prop. However, other backers may outbid you. We will stop all bids at 10pm EST on July 15th. You will simply add the winning value to your original pledge. (Note: all props will come with a Letter of Authenticity)
Slug Thrower used by a Tam (resin)
$70---- Keith Watt
$70---- Keith Watt Aslan facial mask and ears $50---- John runyan
$50---- John runyan Captain's Cutlass $70---- Robert Stagmier
$70---- Robert Stagmier Mika's Sword $55---- Christina Shirley
$55---- Christina Shirley Doctor's Medical scanner (resin) $50---- Lucas Amodio
$50---- Lucas Amodio Jon's Wristwatch $50---- Lucas Amodio
$50---- Lucas Amodio Android's Contacts (new-not used) $?---- Your name here!
If there are any other props you may be interested in, just ask! Remember, you will not be charged for the item if the Kickstarter is not funded... so please submit a nice large bid! :-)
We need your help. Help us spread the word. Share and post about the project frequently, and keep checking back for updates every few days.
Brian Lewis cast as Jon Spinward
Brian Lewis, an actor from Seattle, is known for his roles as Cass in "The Gamers": Dorkness Rising and "The Gamers": Hands of Fate. He was also in the popular web series called "JourneyQuest" where he played CarroW. He can also be seen in the second seasons of both "&@" the upcoming Job Hunters, and the third season of "Standard Action". Lewis is a member of Dead Gentlemen Productions, responsible for a lot of beloved content popular in the gaming community. He also enjoys doing voice over work and is looking forward to working on a few video games in the near future.
Samantha Swords cast as Captain Reega Shaddack
Samantha is an artist, writer and filmmaker from Blue Mountains, Australia. Inspired by the Lord of the Rings, she moved to New Zealand straight after high school where she worked with the world-acclaimed Weta Workshop producing props, armour, costumes, creatures, prosthetics, sculptures, miniatures and various other special effects for many successful motion pictures.
As well as being a craftswoman, Samantha loves to act for stage and screen. With a passion for adventure and personal combat, she now draws on her physical skills for more action-based roles. Samantha specializes in medieval longsword, with which she won a championship tournament in 2013. She is an instructor in European/Western Martial Arts, and her current training is focused around the use of force in violent, real world confrontations.
A geek at heart, Samantha's favorite forms of entertainment include "Baldur's Gate", "Mass Effect", and most anything by Joss Whedon. Some of the larger films Samantha has worked on include "The Hobbit Trilogy", "Chronicles of Narnia", "Superman: Man of Steel", "District 9" and "Elysium".
When she's not buried deeply in film production, Samantha still creates her own work, as well as producing a steady abundance of dragons. Her personal projects include a graphic novel series, film scripts and several children's stories.
She can be found tweeting @SamanthaSwords, and her blog is samanthaswords.tumblr.com
John Wells cast as Mika Tatedom
Born in Louisville Kentucky, Wells is well acclaimed for his dynamic versatility, expressive features, and willfulness and ability to immerse himself completely into a character. In 2011, he won Best Actor at the 2011 International Fright Night Film Festival, as well as the award for Best One-Liner for his work in the sci-fi comedy/action feature, "Overtime". In April 2014, he won Best Actor for his performance in the supernatural short noir film, "The Paper Tiger", at the Floyd Film Festival. In addition to acting, Wells works as a certified personal fitness trainer.
Jenny Simmons cast as Doc
Jenny has been in love with acting since she was a little girl, after being raised in a “theater” family. She came to The Hardin County Playhouse in Kentucky, in 2001 as a shy, quiet 10-year old playing an extra in "To Kill a Mockingbird". She immediately found her passion and her self there, quickly moving on to much more challenging and exciting roles. Some of her favorites include: Rhoda Penmark in “The Bad Seed”, Dorothy in “The Wizard of Oz”, Gloria Upson in “Auntie Mame”, Gertrude McFuzz in “Seussical”, Sally in “You're a Good Man Charlie Brown”, Leisl in “The Sound of Music”, Ophelia in “A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum”, and being in the ensembles of “I love you, You're Perfect, Now Change”, and “The Laramie Project”. Jenny loves the arts especially acting and singing. She also enjoys movies, drawing, hanging out and spending time with her pets. Her favorite movie is "The Departed".
Jessica Russo cast as Eaiah Ukala
Jessica has been acting for three years and has worked on such productions as" One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "Gypsy", "The Rocky Horror Show","Macbeth", "Les Miserables", and" Brothers Barbarian". In addition to the performing arts she enjoys competing in pageants and was crowned Mrs. Kentucky International 2014.
Alexandra Whitman cast as the Android
Alexandra Whitman has been acting since she was nine years old. Since then, she has been very active in school and community theater. Some of her favorite past roles include: Ariel in "The Little Mermaid", Dainty June in "Gypsy", Elizabeth in "Frankenstein", and Mrs. Potts in "Beauty and the Beast". "Spinward Traveller" is her second film project, her first being "Brothers Barbarian", where she played the character of Grandma.
When she isn't acting, Alexandra enjoys focusing on academics. She has won multiple academic awards. Her favorite subjects in school are Speech and Mandarin Chinese.
Kristin Pelletier cast as Tamhtadlieqr (Tam) Doka'rune
Kristin tried out for a few plays, but at 6'3", roles were scarce. Besides playing Mrs. Soames in "Our Town", she spent many hours in the theater creating costumes, posters and storyboards. She has finally found a suitable role as Tamhtadlieqr (Tam for short), the very tall Zhodani .
Kristin, a fashion designer and model, has spent the last few years in the Denver fashion scene. She was also a custom tattoo artist for many years before making the switch into acting and stage production.
Sawyer Krause cast as Meme Tatedom
Sawyer Krause began acting at age seven, playing such roles as Lady Olivia from "Twelfth Night" and The Artful Dodger from "Oliver Twist.” She has studied at Second City and The Stella Adler Studio of New York (where she played Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet"), and has played Audrey Mackenzie in IBS Production's "Little Lotto", and Mrs. Beauregard from "Willie Wonka." Sawyer is a sophomore at University of Wisconsin Stevens Point, where she recently starred as Mia in the two-person "I'd Rather Have A Tail."
When Israel attacked Palestinian targets following the discovery that three kidnapped Israeli teenagers had been murdered, the way TV outlets characterized the Israel actions on their July 1 newscasts was instructive.
ABC World News and NBC Nightly News adopted the same language:
Framing Israel's actions as a form of retaliation is problematic, since the airstrikes, arrests and house raids are directed at people who had nothing to do with the murders. Israel has named two suspects in the crime, Marwan Qawasmeh and Amer Abu Aisha. As the New York Times (7/1/14) and other outlets have reported, these two West Bank residents may not have a significant connection with Hamas, despite the official Israeli insistence that the Hamas government in Gaza should be held responsible for the killings.
It should go without saying that the killings of the Israeli youths do not justify the killing of innocent Palestinians, any more than the six Palestinian children killed by the Israeli military so far this year legitimizes the murder of the Israeli teens.
But the US networks nonetheless framed Israel's attacks as retaliation. “The response by Israel was quick and powerful,” NBC anchor Brian Williams declared, saying the series of airstrikes in the Gaza Strip were “in apparent retaliation.”
An ABC World News report (7/1/14) by correspondent Alex Marquardt began with this: “Striking back. Israel hitting hard overnight with 34 precision airstrikes on a Hamas compound.”
As FAIR has noted in the past (Action Alert, 4/4/02), the US media tends to overwhelmingly prefer a narrative of Palestinian attacks and Israeli retaliation. As FAIR noted:
This disparity is meaningful. The term “retaliation” suggests a defensive stance undertaken in response to someone else's aggression. It also lays responsibility for the cycle of violence at the doorstep of the party being “retaliated” against, since they presumably initiated the conflict.
In this case, the brunt of the Israeli “reaction” is being borne by Palestinians who had nothing to do with the crimes that were committed.
× Welcome to DataHub!
About Hubway
Hubway is a bicycle sharying system in the Boston area. Launched at the end of July in 2011, Hubway started with 61 stations throughout the city and 600 bicycles. In the time afterwards, Hubway expanded to the neighboring cities of Cambridge, Somerville, and Brookline. Since its launch in 2011, Hubway has grown to more than 140 stations and more than 1300 bikes.
In 2013, Hubway in partnership with the Metropolitan Area Planning Council, released data from more than a half million trips that were taken on Hubway bikes between its launch on July 28, 2011 until the end of September 2012. Their mission? Ask the public to put together a visualization of all the trip history. While the challenge itself has officially closed, we decided to take on the Hubway and MAPC visualization challenge.
The Team Datahub Way
We are Team Datahub, and we are on a mission to visualize this bike sharing platform. As students, we make use of many forms of alternative transporation to explore and commute around Boston. In particular, bikes are a popular, affordable method of transportation for students, professionals, and tourists alike. We want to understand more about who uses bikes and for what purpose, as well as how people get around Boston. Our goal is to find answers to these questions for ourselves, and create a visualization for others to discover the answers as well.
Democrat Wins Special Election In NY-26
It's just one Congressional District out of 435, but that won't stop everyone from trying to turn the results in NY-26 into a national referendum on Medicare reform.
Doug Mataconis · · 29 comments
Democrat Kathy Hochul defeated Republican Jane Corwin in a special election in western New York's 26th Congressional District and, although I'm not sure there's much merit to it, it's already clear what lesson the punditocracy will draw from the GOP defeat:
Republicans lost a House seat in a Western New York special election on Tuesday, dealing what could be a significant blow to the party's efforts to reform Medicare. Erie County Clerk Kathy Hochul (D) upset Republican state Assemblywoman Jane Corwin (R) in the special election in the conservative-leaning 26th district after tying Corwin to the controversial GOP budget plan that included a provision to turn Medicare into a voucher program. Senate Republicans are still wavering about what to do with the proposal, and Corwin's loss on Tuesday may provide a chilling effect for Republicans who were already hesitant to embrace the entitlement reform, which polls show is unpopular with the general public. The Medicare plan, spearheaded by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), has already been the subject of plenty of debate as Republicans in Washington seek deep cuts and debt-reduction measures. And many Republicans, including presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, have declined to embrace the proposal. In New York, the Democrats ran ads early and often on the issue, seeking to overcome a significant registration disadvantage in the Buffalo-area district, which Democrats haven't held since the 1960s. In the end, it appeared to have worked, with Hochul winning 48 percent of the vote and Corwin winning 42 percent of the vote with 75 percent of precincts reporting. The Associated Press called the race in Hochul's favor just more than an hour after polls closed.
For many of the reasons I stated this morning, I'm not sure that it's all that valid to draw national implications from an election like this. Nonetheless, it will be done and I can't say that the “voters reject Ryan Plan” meme is all that incorrect given it became the centerpiece of Hochul's campaign. One implication of this defeat for the GOP may be that we see more Republicans distancing themselves from the Ryan Plan, especially in the Senate.
Update: It's worth noting that, according to the latest results, about 100,000 votes were cast today in the 26th District. In November 2010, when Chris Lee was re-elected, there were over 200,000 votes cast. Today's turnout represented, at best about 17% of registered voters.
Update #2: Philip A. Klein tells Republicans not to panic:
In 2009 and 2010, Republicans had a string off losses in special elections that lead the media to question weather it bode poorly for their chances of retaking the House majority. For instance, “Dismal special election record could hamper Republicans' 2010 comeback” read a Hill headline in October 2009. After a Republican lost a May 2010 special election to replace deceased Jack Murtha, the New York Times write a story headlined, “Democrats See Hope for Fall in Victory in House Race.” Now, obviously, Medicare played a role in the New York special election, and there's no need for conservatives to dismiss the fact that it's a volatile issue. Perhaps Republicans can learn something from messaging failures in this election. But at the end of the day this is just one data point in a single Congressional district out of 435. So it would be silly for Republicans to panic suddenly flee from the Ryan plan.
And it would be silly for Democrats to see this as the beginning of a new wave in their favor. There are a number of factors at play here. Medicare was most certainly one of them and, as Klein notes, the GOP will need to look at the manner in which Corwin responded to that part of the debate and learn from it. Additionally, though, there were plenty of reports that Corwin's campaign wasn't run very well — the fact that she lost in a low turnout election in a district that the Cook Report had most recently listed as R+6 is a pretty good indication of that — and the low turnout itself should caution anyone to be cautious about drawing conclusions from it. It's also worth noting that Republicans lost a special election in another upstate New York Congressional District in 2009. A year later, they took control of the House of Representatives.
Kathleen Hanna (Bikini Kill/Le Tigre/the Julie Ruin) has an iconic voice, for sure. Now, she's lending it to a new animated short film called Myrna the Monster. In Ian Samuels' short, produced by MTV Other and premiering at the Sundance Film Festival, Hanna voices Myrna, "a heartbroken alien dreamer from the moon who transitions into young adult life in Los Angeles". Watch a clip, as well as the trailer, below. Update 8/4 2:42 PM EST: The entire film is currently streaming in full as part of the Shortlist Film Festival. Watch it below.
The 14-minute film features a soundtrack by BOYS (Jona Bechtolt, Rob Kieswetter, Jeffrey Brodsky of YACHT).
Samuels described his inspiration for the film in a statement:
I was walking downtown a couple years ago thinking; if you actually dropped a real live alien from the moon on the street somewhere, probably no one would notice. Maybe she's originally from someplace else, or had some work done, or is homeless, or just rolled out of bed at noon, or maybe it's Hollywood. She's just over there, going through the dumpster by Starbucks.
Read our 5-10-15-20 interview with Hanna.
Watch the Julie Ruin on Pitchfork.tv's "+1":
President Obama hailed hard-core communist revolutionary Ho Chi Minh today as a pretty open guy who was actually inspired by the Founders.
Obama took a break from his jobs-pivot speeches to meet Vietnamese President Truong Tan Sang at the White House. The pair held joint remarks in the Oval Office afterward.
Obama said their first bilateral meeting "represents the steady progression and strengthening of the relationship between our two countries."
"Obviously, we all recognize the extraordinarily complex history between the United States and Vietnam. Step by step, what we have been able to establish is a degree of mutual respect and trust that has allowed us now to announce a comprehensive partnership between our two countries that will allow even greater cooperation on a whole range of issues from trade and commerce to military-to-military cooperation, to multilateral work on issues like disaster relief, to scientific and educational exchanges," he added.
After meeting with the leader of a country that persecutes and imprisons bloggers and priests, suppresses media and any form of political dissent and uses forced labor, Obama said they "discussed the challenges that all of us face when it comes to issues of human rights."
"We emphasized how the United States continues to believe that all of us have to respect issues like freedom of expression, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly," the president continued. "And we had a very candid conversation about both the progress that Vietnam is making and the challenges that remain."
The visit by Sang, he said, "signifies the maturing and the next stage of the development between the United States and Vietnam."
Obama said Sang concluded the meeting by sharing "a copy of a letter sent by Ho Chi Minh to Harry Truman."
"And we discussed the fact that Ho Chi Minh was actually inspired by the U.S. Declaration of Independence and Constitution, and the words of Thomas Jefferson. Ho Chi Minh talks about his interest in cooperation with the United States. And President Sang indicated that even if it's 67 years later, it's good that we're still making progress."
Sang said the pair "had a very candid, open, useful and constructive discussion."
"In a candid, open and constructive spirit, we have come to agree on many issues. We will strengthen high-level exchanges between the two countries. We will consider in order to continue our -- to upgrade the mechanism of cooperation at the high level, as well as take the best use of the existing mechanism of cooperation. Particularly, we will continue regular dialogue at the highest level as possible," the Vietnamese leader continued. "I believe that this is the way in order to build a political trust for further development of our cooperation in all areas."
Sang invited Obama to come pay a visit. "And President Obama has accepted our invitation and will try his best to pay a visit to Vietnam during his term," he said.
From a 1968 Reader's Digest piece on the rule of Ho Chi Minh:
The terror had its real beginning when Red dictator Ho Chi Minh consolidated his power in the North. More than a year before his 1954 victory over the French, he launched a savage campaign against his own people. In virtually every North Vietnamese village, strong-arm squads assembled the populace to witness the “confessions” of landowners. As time went on, businessmen, intellectuals, school teachers, civic leaders — all who represented a potential source of future opposition — were also rounded up and forced to “confess” to “errors of thought.” There followed public “trials,” conviction and, in many cases, execution. People were shot, beheaded, beaten to death; some were tied up, thrown into open graves and covered with stones until they were crushed to death, Ho has renewed his terror in North Vietnam periodically. Between 50,000 and 100,000 are believed to have died in these blood-baths — in a coldly calculated effort to discipline the party and the masses. To be sure, few who escape Ho's terror now seem likely to tempt his wrath. During the 1950s, however, he had to quell some sizeable uprisings in North Vietnam — most notably one that occurred in early November 1956, in the province, which included Ho's birthplace village of Nam Dan. So heavily had he taxed the region that the inhabitants finally banded together and refused to meet his price. Ho sent troops to collect, and then sent in an army division, shooting. About 6,000 unarmed villagers were killed. The survivors scattered, some escaping to the South. The slaughter went largely unnoticed by a world then preoccupied with the Soviet Union's rape of Hungary.
Armour Thyroid (USP) and Combined Thyroxine/ Tri-iodothyronine
as Thyroid Hormone Replacement A Statement from the British
Thyroid Association Executive Committee February 2007 Part 1. Use of Armour Thyroid A. Armour Thyroid contains both thyroxine (T4) and tri-iodothyronine (T3) extracted from the thyroid gland of pigs. One grain, about 60 mg, of desiccated pig thyroid extract contains about 38mcg of T4 and 9mcg of T3, a ratio of around 4 to 1. The normal concentration of these hormones in the human thyroid is, however, at a ratio of 14 to 1. In other words, Armour thyroid extract contains excessive amounts of T3 relative to T4 when used to replace thyroid hormone in man. Moreover, as pig thyroid contains other substances apart from T4 and T3, Armour Thyroid is not a pure preparation of thyroid hormones. Historically, extracts of animal thyroid glands were the only way to treat thyroid underactivity, but since the 1950s pure synthetic thyroid hormones have been available in tablet form (thyroxine sodium [T4] and liothyronine [T3]). B. The concentration of thyroid hormones in Armour Thyroid USP is regulated by the manufacturer to United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) standards. Despite this, there have been significant problems with the stability of Armour Thyroid in recent years, prompting a massive recall of tablets [3]. Because of these stability problems with Armour Thyroid, there is potential for fluctuations in thyroid hormone levels in the blood of patients treated with Armour Thyroid. These fluctuations may be unpredictable and have adverse effects on patients' health. C. There is no evidence to favour the prescription of Armour Thyroid in the treatment of hypothyroidism over the prescription of thyroxine sodium, as supplied in the United Kingdom. There has never been a direct comparison of these two treatments. The BTA committee cannot recommend a treatment with possible side-effects, when a safe and equally well-established treatment exists. D. Armour Thyroid is not on the British National Formulary and is not a licensed therapy in the UK. Mr. G. Matthews, the Pharmaceutical Assessor of the Medicines and Health Care Products Regulatory Agency, in a letter sent to BTA dated 19 October 2005, has clarified that “The regulations on medicine allow doctors to prescribe an unlicensed medicine for a patient to meet such a special clinical need, on their own direct personal responsibility. Where these unlicensed medicines are not available in the UK they can be imported by appropriately licensed medicines wholesalers, for supply to a doctor or pharmacy, to meet these needs.” E. The cost of Armour Thyroid may be up to £20 per month, compared to an equivalent cost of £1 per month for thyroxine. Furthermore, Armour Thyroid is not eligible to be claimed on the prescription exemption certificate (FP10). Part 2. Use of Combination Thyroxine/ Tri-iodothyronine (Liothyronine) Therapy A. There is no currently available tablet preparation containing thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine (T4/T3) in a combination that adequately reproduces the relative quantities of these hormones produced by the human thyroid gland. Neither is there a preparation that produces a sustained release of thyroid hormones in a pattern similar to that from the human thyroid gland. B. Having been disregarded as a therapeutic approach to the treatment of hypothyroidism since the 1970s, interest in combination thyroxine/tri-iodothyronine (T4/T3) therapy was re-ignited by a study of 31 patients published in 1999 [4]. Although this study showed promising results, with improvement in quality of life, wellbeing and brain (psychometric) function with combination therapy, the majority of the patients in the study had been treated previously for thyroid cancer. The relatively high doses of thyroxine that formed the routine treatment for thyroid cancer (compared to a lesser replacement dose that would be normal in hypothyroidism) could have confounded the results of the study. C. Since this initial study, there have been a further seven rigorously conducted (“randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled”) studies, encompassing more than 900 hypothyroid patients [5,6]. None of the subsequent studies showed a beneficial effect of combined T4/T3 therapy on measures of wellbeing, health and mental functioning. Three of the seven studies show harmful or undesirable effects of the T4/T3 combination. D. In three of the subsequent studies of combination treatment, the patients were asked which treatment they preferred, and in two of these 3 studies more patients preferred the combination T4/T3 therapy. There is no obvious explanation for these observations, and it may or may not be a reproducible effect. E. The BTA keeps an open mind about whether using an appropriate formulation of T4/T3 combination tablet would, in the future, provide health and quality of life benefits in the treatment of hypothyroidism for a subgroup of patients. However, based on the current evidence from rigorous studies of large numbers of patients using the currently available formulations of synthetic thyroid hormones, combined T4/T3 cannot be recommended because of a lack of benefit and a small number of undesirable and harmful effects seen on combination treatment.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Almost two-thirds of the drug combinations widely sold in India to fight pain, depression, and psychotic conditions lack the necessary regulatory approvals, despite some of the pills being banned internationally, a study published on Tuesday shows.
A person holds pharmaceutical tablets and capsules in this picture illustration taken in Ljubljana September 18, 2013. REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic
India's reputation as a reliable supplier of cheap generic medicines has taken a hit after sanctions by the United States and Britain faced by some of its largest drugmakers over violations of standard drug-making practices.
Thousands of fixed-dose combination drugs (FDCs), or cocktails of two or more medicines, are sold in India. While many are safe and effective, including those used to treat HIV and tuberculosis, others have been found unsafe and even dangerous, said the researchers who ran the study.
“Unapproved formulations should be banned immediately, prioritizing those withdrawn or banned internationally, and undertaking a review of benefits and risks for patients,” the researchers said.
Just 60 of the 175 pain, depression, anti-psychotic and diabetes FDC formulations sold in India between 2007 and 2012 had approval from the central government drugs regulator, they found.
Also unapproved were 90 of the 124 painkiller combinations evaluated.
The study results were published in the Public Library of Science journal, PLOS Medicine.
FDC formulations marketed in India despite being withdrawn or restricted internationally include painkillers such as nimesulide, thiocolchicoside, dextropropoxyphene and metamizole, the study said.
Both domestic and international drug companies sell FDCs in India.
Indian law requires central government regulatory approval of all new drugs, including FDCs, but many FDCs have come to market on the basis of approval from individual state regulators, a parliamentary panel said in 2012.
Although the panel cited “ambiguity” about the states' licensing powers until May 2002, the researchers said they found no evidence of that.
India has legally required central government regulators' approval of all new drugs, including FDCs, since 1961.
FDCs made up a growing volume of total sales during the period studied, accounting for more than half of all pain and oral anti-diabetic drug sales by 2011-2012.
They pay less; you pay more Canada's remaining non-renewable energy resources are being sold off in an environment of low prices with minimal and declining returns to governments.
Curious deal in BC's pay-to-play economy In early 2014, BC Hydro awarded SNC-Lavalin a contract to design, build, finance and maintain the John Hart Generating Station Replacement Project on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
Misinformation, disinformation, contempt for truth In-Sights reader Hugh asked my opinion of a Tom Fletcher article. In it, the former head of the Legislative Press Gallery belittles the analyst who correctly estimated consumer losses from BC Hydro's private power acquisitions are costing many billions of dollars. The Liberal ally and right-wing advocate complains BC's NDP Government is moving away […]
Rafe smacking clouds… After the Ken Davidson report to government about BC Hydro's purchases of private power, David Beers' wrote, "Somewhere up there Rafe Mair is smacking clouds together to make them thunder: “I told you so!”
Needed action on money laundering Charlie Smith of the Georgia Straight identified a root cause of corruption in British Columbia. It is in his February 10 article linked here...
Reader support enables In-Sights Thanks to readers who already provide financial support. Assistance defrays costs for research, computer equipment, internet and website maintenance.
Contractual obligations Retired economist Erik Andersen presented a paper about contractual obligations to the legislative budget committee 2 years running and was met with stony silence from all MLA committee members.
Leaked: legislative officers' defence Darryl Plecas reported on many incidents and the suspended officers of the Legislative Assembly are due to provide response on February 7. An anonymous source leaked an incomplete list of the initial defences to be raised by Messrs. James and Lenz...
Dermod Travis warned us six years ago “Government watchdogs are supposed to have teeth, not wear muzzles,” said IntegrityBC executive director Dermod Travis. “It's difficult to imagine that any successor to John Doyle will not read the writing that was written on the wall with this decision: if you want to be reappointed don't do the job of Auditor General too well.”
A screenshot from the Livonia library promo video taken right before library director Toni LaPorte “breaks through” shelves of books in the library. (Photo: Courtesy of Livonia Television)
It's not often the Livonia library director gets a round of applause from a late-night talk show audience. But that's just what happened in the past week.
The viral video produced by the Livonia library staff to promote the summer reading program was recently featured during a segment on CBS's “The Late Late Show With James Corden.” The segment, where Corden showed parts of the seven-minute video to his audience, has been seen more than 191,000 times on YouTube, where it was posted May 27.
Library Director Toni LaPorte said someone from Livonia Television found the clip and rushed over to share it with library staff. She said she's still in shock it reached so far.
“We just couldn't believe it,” she said. “I still have a hard time believing that actually happened.”
In the segment, Corden says he approved of the out-of-the-box approach to encourage youngsters to read during the summer months. Though he questioned whether LaPorte actually did jump off the roof of Livonia City Hall.
“I don't mean to nitpick, right, but I'm just going to say it: I don't think that librarian actually jumped off that roof,” Corden said. “I can just see some kid jumping off his roof in the hospital going, ‘I did it because I wanted to be cool. You know, like a librarian.'”
Did LaPorte jump off the roof of city hall? No, but as she said in response to Corden: “What does he know?”
The promo video has been shared across the globe since released last month. Filmed with members of Livonia's Phoenix Freerunning Academy, it showcased librarian stunt doubles doing parkour throughout the Robert and Janet Bennett Library to secure book recommendations for young patrons.
It's been viewed more than 30,000 times on Facebook and YouTube since being launched. A set of maps has been put up in the library, with dots showing locations around the world where the video has been shared.
A local television news segment done on the video has been picked up by stations across the country.
“My sister-in-law in Cheboygan saw it on TV there,” LaPorte said. “It got picked up by quite a number of stations.”
Events for the summer reading program begin this weekend and run through the summer. More information can be found at any of the three library branches.
Contact Hometown Life reporter David Veselenak at dveselenak@hometownlife.com, 734-678-6728 or on Twitter: @DavidVeselenak.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1sTZ0jw
Binary diffing is a powerful technique to reverse-engineer patches released by software vendors like Microsoft. Especially by analyzing security patches you can dig into the details of the vulnerabilities it's fixing. You can use that information to learn what causes software break. Also that information can help you write some protection codes for those specific vulnerabilities. It's also used to write 1-day exploits by malware writers or security researchers.
This binary diffing technique is especially useful for Microsoft binaries. Not like other vendors they are releasing patch regularly and the patched vulnerabilities are relatively concentrated in small areas in the code. That makes the patched part more visible and apparent to the patch analyzers.
* DarunGrim 4:
DarunGrim4 is an advanced version of DarunGrim2 which provides nice file management UI.
Binaries: DarunGrim4Setup.exe
Source: http://github.com/ohjeongwook/DarunGrim
License: New BSD License
Blogs: http://mattoh.wordpress.com/
How can we explain the virulent hatred toward Hillary Clinton from men and women of both political parties? The attacks against her: Benghazi, personal emails, lying, etc., are relatively minor, the usual political scuttlebutt, in contrast to the extreme intensity of her vilification. So many people say they just don't like her, and this negative impression is not new. Since her role as First Lady in Bill Clinton's White House, she has been portrayed as a witch, a Lady Macbeth, a ruthlessly ambitious, egocentric woman who considers herself above the law to achieve her exploitative goals. Some see her as a shrieking harpy. As a psychoanalyst, I believe that the intensity of this character assassination is motivated by a largely unconscious misogyny that is deeply rooted in the human (male and female) psyche. It is often triggered in response to a strong, independent woman. But this enmity is especially intense for Hillary, who is emotionally reserved and aggressive in her pursuit of the presidency. (See SNL's recent hilarious caricatures of these qualities.)
None of her caring activities have dispelled the impression that she is cold and inhuman. Not her steadfast work on behalf of children. Not her unwavering support of women: their reproductive rights and equal pay, and her advocacy for disadvantaged minorities: blacks and Hispanics. Not her exemplary role as a wife, who remained faithful to her philandering husband, nor her role as a loving mother to her daughter, Chelsea.
Male presidential contenders like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump can act strongly, ambitiously, strategically and aggressively, and the public admires them for these traits rather than demanding "emotional warmth." As a cool tempered woman, Hillary is judged by a different standard. In 2008, it was only when she broke down crying at a coffee house campaign stop that she was perceived as capable of feeling.
What upsets so many Americans about a strong, competitive woman? In the corporate world, such women are often seen as castrators, trying to act like men and steal masculine power for themselves. The classic psychoanalytic explanation has been "penis envy." Theoretically, this motivates a woman to disavow her feminine passive receptivity and become cold and castrating, to compensate for her lack of phallic power.
While some women might struggle with this conflict, the theory of penis envy has been largely discredited in contemporary psychoanalytic circles as a reflection of Freud's male chauvinism and misinterpretation of female anatomy. In my opinion, a more convincing explanation involves the enormous importance of mothers to their babies. At the most vulnerable time of their lives, babies are completely dependent on their mothers for psychic and physical survival. No one will ever have more power over them. Fathers, at best, are background, supportive figures. A cold, unresponsive, rejecting mother can threaten a baby's existence and elicit extreme self-protective rage. I believe that Hillary's coolness and ambitious assertiveness has evoked this unconscious primordial dread, resulting in her highly unfavorable ratings.
But this is not the entire explanation. As young children, we depend so heavily upon maternal caretaking that both boys and girls must wean and separate themselves to become independent and self-reliant. According to psychoanalyst Ralph Greenson, we often do this by dis-identifying with her, disparaging our need for mother as weak, and by devaluing mothers as emotional, unreasonable and inferior to men. This deep-seated misogyny is manifested in the cultural discrimination against women worldwide, and the traditional belief that they should serve exclusively as nurturing, maternal caretakers and be dominated by their fathers and husbands.
Arguably, the most extreme misogyny is evident in Muslim countries in which women must hide their faces and bodies in Burkas and serve men as sexual possessions with no independent voice.
The objectification of women as sexual objects is part of this denigration. Thus, Donald Trump insists that women must be rated as 10s to have any value. Even Ed Rendell, a former democratic governor of Pennsylvania and staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton, predicted in a recent interview with the Washington Post, that Donald Trump's judgment of women's looks will backfire against him. Rendell reasoned, "There are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women. People take that stuff personally." He was oblivious to his own misogyny in this statement. In the media, Hillary is often viciously mocked for her hairdos, wearing only pantsuits and looking matronly, while Bernie Sanders, with his bald pate surrounded by unkempt white hair is rarely criticized for his appearance.
As the population of Earth increases, Marcus Engman (IKEA's head of design) and his team believe that space-saving, small-footprint furniture will be key. He hopes that this endeavor will inspire his team to design new types of furniture. "It's the same way we work with home visits, but this is a home in space," explained Engman to Wired. "They get into the vibe to explore what we could do that we don't think of today for for products for Earth."
It's not exactly clear why these designers needed to specifically live in a Mars simulator for small furniture inspiration, rather than in just a tiny urban apartment -- but hey, it makes for good press. But if IKEA's end goal is to actually collaborate with NASA to provide furniture for an eventual Martian habitat, then it makes sense they'd want their designers to experience the challenges of living in such an environment.
IKEA also is working with fellow Swedish electronics design house Teenage Engineering for an upcoming collection. FREKVENS is specifically aimed at millennials and will focus on products that IKEA thinks are necessary for an awesome house party, such as a vinyl player, lighting and an electronic choir -- because the one thing my last get-together was sorely missing was an electronic choir.
Glaswegian synth-pop band Chvrches discuss the recording of their new album, stage fright, and dealing with misogynist abuse.
Image copyright Virgin Records Image caption Chvrches (L-R): Martin Doherty, Lauren Mayberry, Iain Cook
Many people will know Chvrches not for their tempestuous synth-pop, but for the vicious abuse targeted at singer Lauren Mayberry.
The frontwoman has repeatedly spoken out about the sickening, sexually aggressive messages she receives on a daily basis. But things reached a new peak in August, when the band released their new single, Leave A Trace.
Apparently, Mayberry's appearance in the video - she wore a dress - was proof that her views on the objectification of women were "hypocritical". The 27-year-old was subsequently sent messages calling her a "slut", a "whore" and a "bitch".
People think we painted a target on our backs Lauren Mayberry
She made a robust response - calling the anonymous writers "cavemen" and describing their threats as "sadly predictable" - but when we speak, the singer is still feeling "tender" from the attacks, and the media frenzy that followed.
Would she rather not discuss the topic, I wonder? Does acknowledging the trolls simply encourage them?
Mayberry bristles at the suggestion.
"We probably get more trolls now because people think we painted a target on our backs," she says. "But I can hand-on-heart tell you that people said as much misogynist crap when I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and 95 denier tights as they do when I am in a video wearing a dress.
"You could be standing there wearing a boiler suit and people are still going to do it because they don't think there should be a woman in that position.
Image copyright Virgin Records Image caption The "hypocritical" video for Leave A Trace has been watched more than 2.2 million times
"They don't send those messages to you for a giggle. They send them to scare and intimidate you. If I was like, 'It's ok, I'll just walk away,' it doesn't change anything. You're condoning it by being silent.
"If you don't like the record, cool. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. But there is a difference between criticising the work and discussing someone's tit size or whether they give oral sex.
"There is a line, I think."
Mutual respect
Success has come with major downsides, but Chvrches haven't let it affect them. When we meet to discuss their second album, Every Open Eye, in London, the trio display a camaraderie and mutual respect that simply isn't present in other bands.
"That's because it's early in the promo," says Mayberry, laughing. But the reality is that the support of her bandmates, Iain Cook and Martin Doherty, has been crucial to her sanity (and vice versa) since they were thrust, blinking, into the limelight two years ago.
There's even a song about it on the new record. "We are made of our longest days / We are falling but not alone," sings Mayberry on Make Them Gold.
"There have been great things, and a lot of things that aren't so great," she says, "but it's always nice to know that we are coming at it from a united standpoint.
"Totes emosh, right?"
Doherty jokes that the band's Scottish roots keep them level-headed.
"Nothing will ground you like a weekend at home in Glasgow," he grins. "If you've just been swanning about in California, you can go home and shout, 'I'm back!' but everyone else is like, 'Yeah? So what? I have to go to work.'"
"Nobody has got £12 to spend on a juice there, have they?" says Mayberry, adopting a thick Glaswegian brogue: "'What d'ye mean this juice was crushed by air? Just squeeze the fruit intae a cup for us.'"
Image copyright Virgin Records Image caption The band have contributed tracks to the Hunger Games: Mockingjay and Drive (Rescore) soundtracks since the success of their first album
'Chasing our tail'
Chvrches began almost by accident. Doherty and Cook had known each other for years, playing in guitar bands the Twilight Sad and Aereogramme respectively. When the latter split up, they began writing together, swapping guitars for sawtooth synths and walloping drum patterns.
Cook then asked Mayberry - whose band, Blue Sky Archives, he was producing - to sing on the demos. The sessions went so well, they formed their own group, calling it Chvrches (the Roman "v" making it easier to Google.)
Their first two singles, Lies and The Mother We Share, blew up online and earned the trio a place on the BBC's Sound of 2013. They were signed to Virgin shortly afterwards, selling half-a-million copies of their debut album, The Bones Of What You Believe.
The success was head-spinning - but it made the group determined to improve.
"Whether we expected to be here or not, we are a professional band now," says Mayberry. "Every time I go through customs, I write down professional singer as my employment. So I said, 'I need to change the way I look at this. I don't want to be constantly feeling like I'm chasing my tail."
Preparing for album number two, the group resisted the temptation to employ big-name pop producers and co-writers.
"People don't make albums any more," Cook theorises. "They make 11, 12 songs, and they put them out as an album but they feel like the greatest hits, or a playlist."
"It's a regurgitation of whatever cool counter-culture is going on," Doherty adds. "It's like, 'We've got the rap one, we've got the house one, we've got the R&B banger.'"
"And maybe out of those 10 or 11 songs, This co-writes that you do, there's a global number one. But it's not yours.
"So we took some steps to try and recapture where we were at before any of [the success] happened. We went back to Glasgow, we made the record in the same studio, we wrote every note ourselves."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mayberry says she has grown in confidence, after "hiding behind a tambourine" in the band's early live shows
Going in, the band were anxious their song-writing muscles might have wasted away after two years on the road. But "it was like turning a tap on," says Doherty.
"I don't remember the first two months of recording, because every day was like bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. After two months we had gone from nothing to 20-ish tunes."
Only one song, Afterglow, eluded them. It was vetoed time and time again, a victim of the band's democratic approach. But Doherty couldn't let it go.
"We all have a great relationship but we fell out over that song for about six weeks," he says, grimly.
"We really butted heads" Mayberry agrees."I was like, 'get away from me with that trance beat.'"
But on the last day of recording, the band pulled it off the shelf and "ripped it apart" - slowing it down, deleting the drum track and re-recording the vocals.
"It's the one song on the album that's a once-through vocal," Mayberry says. "And it's weird how much noise you make... All these swallowing, breathing sounds. There's a bit where you can hear the radiator clinking!
"But I like that - all those things give it personality. There are a lot of vocals you hear on the radio that don't have any character. I'll think, 'You're singing in a way that makes it seem you are super-emotional, but you've auto-tuned all the character out of it and I don't believe what you're saying."
Witnessing Lauren's performance on Afterglow "actually made me quite emotional," says Doherty. "And we were like 'right, that's closing the record.'
"It went from the bin to one of the most important pieces of music on the album."
"It sounds like our band - but in a way that people might not expect," Mayberry agrees. "The record wouldn't be the same without it."
Image copyright Virgin Records Image caption "It sounds to me like we have a more assured idea of what the band is, having lived in it for two years," says Mayberry
Across the new album, Mayberry's vocals are at the forefront - conveying anger, compromise, triumph, fragility, melancholy and strength. Her lyrics, too, are more assertive (Leave A Trace, in particular, is as scathing as pop songs come).
Back in 2012, Mayberry told the BBC she was "still finding her feet" as a singer. Now, it seems, she has emerged as a fully-fledged frontwoman.
"I wrestled with it in different ways in different times," she says. "I spent a certain amount of time being so uncomfortable with it, and wanting to make myself smaller and smaller and just be left alone.
"So I think it was helpful to have some time off to think, 'Well, this is my life. Do I want to constantly dress in a baggy t-shirt so that people leave me alone?'
"And I was like, 'No - because you're making those decisions out of fear' and I don't feel that that, psychologically, is a good way to live your life.'
"So, I'm all zen now."
Chvrches' second album, Every Open Eye, is out now.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship will return to Denver on Aug. 11 with an anniversary card for UFC 150, circuit officials said Friday, in a return to the birthplace of the mixed martial arts organization.
UFC 150 — which will also air on pay-per-view from the Pepsi Center — will mark a kind of historic point in its timeline.
Denver hosted UFC 1 at the old McNichols Sports Arena in 1993 and UFC 2 at the former Mammoth Gardens in 1994, long before MMA established itself in the American sporting mainstream.
Tickets for the Denver event will go on sale June 15.
Last September, Jon “Bones” Jones fought Rampage Jackson for the light heavyweight championship in Denver, on top of a fight card that was one of the most hyped of 2011.
After the success of that show, UFC decided on a return trip to Denver less than a year later.
The main events for UFC 150 have not been decided, officials said, but fans likely will speculate on potential title fights.
The timeline could be about right for Jones to face Dan Henderson for the light heavyweight championship. Jones successfully defended his title last week, for the third time, by defeating Rashad Evans in Atlanta.
Two fights have been scheduled for the UFC 150 card, officials said, including Luiz Cane vs. Yushin Okami at middleweight and Thiago Tavares vs. Dennis Hallman, likely at lightweight.
UFC matchmakers will be busy before UFC 150. Three weeks before, on July 21, UFC 149 will take place in Calgary, Alberta, with Antonio Rodriguo Nogueira vs. Cheick Kongo among the fights announced. And UFC will put a nationally-televised show on Fox in Los Angeles on Aug. 4.
Nick Groke: 303-954-1015 or ngroke@denverpost.com
Newlyweds search for owner of found wedding dress
Buy Photo Trent Thomas and his wife, Hillary, hold an impressively designed wedding dress, estimated to be a size 0 or 2, that they found earlier this week in the middle of German Church Road in Indianapolis. A large cardboard box found along with it had been destroyed. (Photo: Robert Scheer / The Star)Buy Photo
Cars driving in the southbound lane of German Church Road were swerving to avoid what looked like a bag of Christmas decorations.
While other cars kept going, newlyweds Hillary and Trent Thomas pulled over about 6 p.m. Dec. 13 to retrieve the object near the entrance to the Staple Chase subdivision.
"We thought it was a bag of Christmas decorations because of the white tulle, but then he came running over to the car and threw a wedding dress on my lap and said, 'I didn't think we should leave this on the side of the road,' " Hillary Thomas said.
The large, cardboard box — the type wedding gowns stored in — had been destroyed.
"I can't image what it would look like had it stayed there much longer," said Hillary Thomas.
The couple posted photos on the dress on social media hoping someone would come forward. So far, it remains a mystery.
The dress — a vintage-looking floor-length satin dress with long sheer-sleeves and a long train — is in perfect condition aside from a small tire mark on the lower front. Inside the dress, a tag reads "S. Sprouse."
"It's crazy, especially just being married myself, that you stop to find, of all things, a wedding dress," said Thomas, who was wed Oct. 3.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Out To Eat with IndyStar newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Indianapolis-area restaurant and food news. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Thu Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Out To Eat with IndyStar Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The couple has played out different scenarios of how the dress ended up on the road.
Maybe a disgruntled wife getting divorced threw in street. Or maybe a grandma just passed away and it's a family heirloom being moved. Maybe someone left it on the roof of their car while driving home from the dry cleaners.
"I just know if it was my dress, I would want it back," she said.
Is this your dress?
Direct questions and inquiries to Star reporter Leslie Bailey via email to leslie.bailey@indystar.com or call her at (317) 444-6094.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1AOOTuc
In psychology, sublimation is a mature type of defense mechanism, in which socially unacceptable impulses or idealizations are transformed into socially acceptable actions or behavior, possibly resulting in a long-term conversion of the initial impulse.
Sigmund Freud believed that sublimation was a sign of maturity and civilization, allowing people to function normally in culturally acceptable ways. He defined sublimation as the process of deflecting sexual instincts into acts of higher social valuation, being "an especially conspicuous feature of cultural development; it is what makes it possible for higher psychical activities, scientific, artistic or ideological, to play such an "important" part in civilized life".[1] Wade and Travis present a similar view, stating that sublimation is when displacement "serves a higher cultural or socially useful purpose, as in the creation of art or inventions".[2]
Origin [ edit ]
[3] In the opening section of Human, All Too Human entitled 'Of first and last things', Nietzsche wrote:
There is, strictly speaking, neither unselfish conduct, nor a wholly disinterested point of view. Both are simply sublimations in which the basic element seems almost evaporated and betrays its presence only to the keenest observation. All that we need and that could possibly be given us in the present state of development of the sciences, is a chemistry of the moral, religious, aesthetic conceptions and feeling, as well as of those emotions which we experience in the affairs, great and small, of society and civilization, and which we are sensible of even in solitude. But what if this chemistry established the fact that, even in its domain, the most magnificent results were attained with the basest and most despised ingredients? Would many feel disposed to continue such investigations? Mankind loves to put by the questions of its origin and beginning: must one not be almost inhuman in order to follow the opposite course?[4]
Psychoanalytic theory [ edit ]
In Freud's psychoanalytical theory, erotic energy is allowed a limited amount of expression, owing to the constraints of human society and civilization itself. It therefore requires other outlets, especially if an individual is to remain psychologically balanced.
Sublimation (German: Sublimierung) is the process of transforming libido into "socially useful" achievements, including artistic, cultural and intellectual pursuits. Freud considered this psychical operation to be fairly salutary compared to the others that he identified, such as repression, displacement, denial, reaction formation, intellectualisation, and projection. In The Ego and the Mechanisms of Defence (1936), his daughter, Anna, classed sublimation as one of the major 'defence mechanisms' of the psyche.[5]
Freud got the idea of sublimation while reading The Harz Journey by Heinrich Heine. The story is about Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach who cut off the tails of dogs he encountered in childhood and later became a surgeon. Freud concluded that sublimation could be a conflict between the need for a satisfaction and the need for security without perturbation of awareness. In an action performed many times throughout one's life, which firstly appears sadistic, though is ultimately refined into an activity which is of benefit to mankind.[6]
Interpersonal psychoanalysis [ edit ]
Harry Stack Sullivan, the pioneer of interpersonal psychoanalysis, defined sublimation as the unwitting substitution of a partial satisfaction with social approval for the pursuit of a direct satisfaction which would be contrary to one's ideals or to the judgment of social censors and other important people who surround one. The substitution might not be quite what we want, but it is the only way that we can get part of our satisfaction and feel secure, too. Sullivan documented that all sublimatory things are more complicated than the direct satisfaction of the needs to which they apply. They entail no disturbance of consciousness, no stopping to think why they must be done or what the expense connected with direct satisfaction would be. In successful sublimation, Sullivan observed extraordinarily efficient handling of a conflict between the need for a satisfaction and the need for security without perturbation of awareness.
Sexual sublimation [ edit ]
Sexual sublimation, also known as sexual transmutation, is the act, especially among some religious traditions, to transform sexual impulses or "sexual energy" into creative energy. In this context, sublimation is the transference of sexual energy, or libido, into a physical act or a different emotion in order to avoid confrontation with the sexual urge, which is itself contrary to the individual's belief or ascribed religious belief. It is based on the idea that "sexual energy" can be used to create a spiritual nature which in turn can create more sensual works, instead of one's sexuality being unleashed "raw".[7][8][9] The classical example in Western religions is clerical celibacy.
As espoused in the Tanya,[10] Hasidic Jewish mysticism views sublimation of the animal soul as an essential task in life, wherein the goal is to transform animalistic and earthy cravings for physical pleasure into holy desires to connect with God.
Different schools of thought describe general sexual urges as carriers of spiritual essence, and have the varied names of vital energy, vital winds (prana), spiritual energy, ojas, shakti, tummo, or kundalini. It is also believed that undergoing sexual sublimation can facilitate a mystical awakening in an individual.[11][12][13]
According to Jung [ edit ]
C. G. Jung believed sublimation to be mystical in nature, thus differing fundamentally from Freud's view of the concept. For Freud, sublimation helped explain the plasticity of the sexual instincts (and their convertibility to non-sexual ends). The concept also underpinned his psychoanalytical theories, which showed the human psyche at the mercy of conflicting impulses (such as the super-ego and the id). Jung criticized Freud for obscuring the alchemical origins of sublimation and for attempting instead to make the concept appear scientifically credible:
Sublimation is part of the royal art where the true gold is made. Of this Freud knows nothing; worse still, he barricades all the paths that could lead to true sublimation. This is just about the opposite of what Freud understands by sublimation. It is not a voluntary and forcible channeling of instinct into a spurious field of application, but an alchymical transformation for which fire and prima materia are needed. Sublimation is a great mystery. Freud has appropriated this concept and usurped it for the sphere of the will and the bourgeois, rationalistic ethos.[14]
This criticism extends from the private sphere of his correspondence (as above) to specific papers he published on psychoanalysis:
Freud invented the idea of sublimation to save us from the imaginary claws of the unconscious. But what is real, what actually exists, cannot be alchemically sublimated, and if anything is apparently sublimated it never was what a false interpretation took it to be.[15]
According to Lacan [ edit ]
Das Ding [ edit ]
Lacan's exposition of sublimation is framed within a discussion about the relationship of psychoanalysis and ethics within the seventh book of his seminars.[16] Lacanian sublimation is defined with reference to the concept Das Ding (later in his career Lacan termed this objet petit a); Das Ding is German for 'the thing' though Lacan conceives it as an abstract notion and one of the defining characteristics of the human condition. Broadly speaking it is the vacuum one experiences as a human being and which one endeavours to fill with differing human relationships, objects and experiences all of which serve to plug a gap in one's psychical needs. For this reason Lacan also considers Das Ding to be a non-Thing or vacuole.[17] The relationships which one relies on to overcome the vacuity of Das Ding are always insufficient in wholly satisfying the individual.
Lacan considers Das Ding a lost object ever in the process of being recuperated by Man. Temporarily the individual will be duped by his or her own psyche into believing that this object, this person or this circumstance can be relied upon to satisfy his needs in a stable and enduring manner when in fact 'it is in its nature that the object as such is lost. It will never be found again. Something is there while one waits for something better, or worse, but which one wants'[18] and again '[Das Ding] is to be found at the most as something missed. One doesn't find it, but only its pleasurable associations.'[18] Human life unravels as a series of detours in the quest for the lost object or the absolute Other of the individual: 'The pleasure principle governs the search for the object and imposes detours which maintain the distance to Das Ding in relation to its end.'[19]
Lacanian sublimation [ edit ]
Lacanian sublimation centres to a large part on the notion of Das Ding. His general formula for sublimation is that 'it raises an object ... to the dignity of The Thing.[20] Lacan considers these objects (whether human, aesthetic, credal or philosophical) to be signifiers which are representative of Das Ding and that 'the function of the pleasure principle is, in effect, to lead the subject from signifier to signifier, by generating as many signifiers as are required to maintain at as low a level as possible the tension that regulates the whole functioning of the psychic apparatus.'[21] Furthermore, man is the 'artisan of his support system',[21] in other words, he creates or finds the signifiers which delude him into believing he has overcome the emptiness of Das Ding.
Lacan also considers sublimation to be process of creation ex nihilo[22] (creating out of nothing), whereby an object, human or manufactured, comes to be defined in relation to the emptiness of Das Ding. Lacan's prime example of this is the courtly love of the troubadours and Minnesänger[20] who dedicated their poetic verse to a love-object which was not only unreachable (and therefore experienced as something missing) but whose existence and desirability also centred around a hole (the vagina[23]). For Lacan such courtly love was 'a paradigm of sublimation'.[24] He affirms that the word 'troubadour' is etymologically linked to the Provençal verb trobar (like the French trouver) 'to find.'[25] If we consider again the definition of Das Ding, it is dependent precisely on the expectation of the subject to re-find the lost object in the mistaken belief that it will continue to satisfy him (or her).
Lacan maintains that creation ex nihilo operates in other noteworthy fields as well. In pottery for example vases are created around an empty space.[26] They are primitive and even primordial artefacts which have benefited mankind not only in the capacity of utensils but also as metaphors of (cosmic) creation ex nihilo. Lacan cites Heidegger who situates the vase between the earthly (raising clay from the ground) and the ethereal (pointing upwards to receive).[27] In architecture, Lacan asserts, buildings are designed around an empty space and in art paintings proceed from an empty canvas,[28] and often depict empty spaces through perspective.
In myth, Pan pursues the nymph Syrinx who is transformed into hollow reeds in order to avoid the clutches of the God, who subsequently cuts the reeds down in anger and transforms them into what we today call panpipes[23] (both reeds and panpipes rely on their hollowness for the production of sound).
Lacan briefly remarks that religion and science are also based around emptiness. In regard to religion, Lacan refers the reader to Freud, stating that much obsessional religious behaviour can be attributed to the avoidance of the primordial emptiness of Das Ding or in the respecting of it.[28] As for the discourse of science this is based on the notion of Verwerfung[29] (the German word for 'dismissal') which results in the dismissing, foreclosing or exclusion of the notion of Das Ding presumably because it defies empirical categorisation.
Empirical research [ edit ]
A study by Kim, Zeppenfeld, and Cohen studied sublimation by empirical methods.[30] These investigators view their research, published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, as providing "possibly the first experimental evidence for sublimation and [suggesting] a cultural psychological approach to defense mechanisms".[30]:639
In fiction [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Don't you shed a tear for Eric Cantor. The recently defeated and now retired ex-House Majority Leader has, as predicted, landed what sounds like a pretty sweet gig working for Moelis & Company, a Wall Street investment firm:
“Eric has proven himself to be a pro-business advocate and one who will enhance our boardroom discussions with CEOs and senior management as we help them navigate their most important strategic decisions,” the firm's founder, Ken Moelis said in a statement. Cantor is signing on with the boutique investment bank as a vice chairman and managing director, the company said. He will also be elected to its board of directors. The firm said Cantor will “provide strategic counsel to the firm's corporate and institutional clients on key issues. He will play a leading role in client development and advise clients on strategic matters.” When I considered options for the next chapter of my career, I knew I wanted to join a firm with a great entrepreneurial spirit that focused on its clients,” Cantor said.
[…]
Cantor will continue to live in Virginia and open an office for the investment bank in Washington, the Wall Street Journal reported. He will also have an office in New York.
The Center for Responsive Politics shows that Moelis was a financial supporter of Cantor's campaign as well as his political action committee, Every Republican is Crucial (ERIC) PAC. Cantor, a supporter of the Wall Street bailout, will make a healthy sum in his new career, according to The New York Times:
Moelis & Company will pay Mr. Cantor a base salary of $400,000, along with an additional cash payout of $400,000 and $1 million in restricted stock that will vest over five years. Next year, the investment bank will give him a minimum incentive payout of $1.2 million in cash and $400,000 in restricted stock.
While many Republicans lamented Cantor's June primary defeat at the hands of an underfunded and unknown challenger, Dave Brat, he's going to do pretty well for himself in the private sector, becoming the latest ex-member to use his stature to help his new employer navigate the murky waters of Congress.
Something to remember, however, is that Cantor, pegged as a “pro-business” Republican, isn't always interested in what's good for taxpayers. Sure, there may be some common interests, including fewer taxes and less regulation, but Cantor is no longer constrained by his constituents and activists. He's now working for Wall Street, at least he's just honest about it now.
How do you get Tammy Wynette to sing on your record? How do you stop the Teardrop Explodes from imploding? And what's the wildest thing you can do with £1m? Bill Drummond of the KLF on the strange wisdom of theatre maverick Ken Campbell
Lesson one
“Heroic, Bill, it has to be heroic. There is nothing heroic about what you have done. In fact, it is rubbish.” This was Ken Campbell's response to drawings of the stage sets I was planning to build for the Science Fiction Theatre of Liverpool's first production. Ken then proceeded to tear up my drawings. Drawings I had spent all night preparing.
This short exchange took place the day after I first met Ken. It was the summer of 1976. I was 23, Ken was 36. I had spent the previous 18 months being the “master carpenter” at the Everyman theatre in Liverpool, but my responsibilities stretched somewhat further. I thought I knew what stage sets should look like. I thought my drawings were good. Apparently, they were rubbish.
“Bill, don't bother doing anything unless it is heroic.” This was the first lesson I learned from Ken. Today, 38 years later, I still don't know if he meant that it's not worth doing anything in life unless it's heroic, or just when it comes to stage sets.
Ken was already a legend in my world. Although I had never actually seen his infamous Ken Campbell Roadshow, stories about their performances loomed large in my still young and fertile imagination.
In June 1976, the Everyman closed for refurbishment, which meant I was out of a job. So I took to wandering the streets of Liverpool. One of these wanders led me into a disused warehouse, just down from where the Cavern Club had been. There I met a man dressed in a Swiss naval uniform. He introduced himself as Peter O'Halligan, told me he was a poet and welcomed me to the Liverpool School of Language, Music, Dream and Pun.
We got talking. And somewhere during the talking, he told me Ken was coming to Liverpool later that day to launch the Science Fiction Theatre of Liverpool in this warehouse. And he was in need of somebody to design and build the stage sets.
I was the man for the job.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jim Broadbent and Chris Langham in Illuminatus! on stage in Liverpool, 1976.
O'Halligan said I could use the basement of the cellar as my workshop. He then gave me Ken's phone number. I went and found a phone box and called the number. It was in London, thus long-distance, thus cost me all the money I had on me, almost all the dole money I had for the week. The phone was answered by a strange, strangulated voice. “Ken Campbell here. What do you want?”
Ken was about to get the train to Liverpool. We arranged to meet at six the next morning at the Pier Head, where we caught the Mersey ferry. All of that morning was spent sailing back and forth across the Mersey. With one return ticket, you can spend all day going back and forth. Or you could back then.
Ken talked and talked. We were up on top of the ferry. The sun was shining and the Liver Birds kept watch. There was a lot of what Ken talked about that I did not understand. He told me the London theatre establishment sneered at science fiction and for that very reason he was going to set up the Science Fiction Theatre of Liverpool. He also went on about a book called The Illuminatus! Trilogy that he had bought in San Francisco. He was going to turn this book into a 12-hour play, the first production by The Science Fiction Theatre of Liverpool.
“But what is the book about?” I asked.
“It is about a secret society that controls the world called the Illuminati and their arch rivals the Justified Ancients of Mumu. But some people think they are the same organisations.”
I didn't tell him I had no interest in science fiction. I like reality. Ken did not ask me any questions about what I did or had done. He just told me I started work the next day.
Lesson two
It was that next day he tore up my drawings. This was followed by my second lesson.
“What is the budget for the stage sets?” I asked him.
“There is no budget. You have to find everything you need in the streets. Or steal it. Liverpool is full of things you can use to build the stage sets from. Go and find them.”
“But yesterday you said there was a budget.”
“I spent the budget on getting this.” He lifted up a phone. It was mustard-coloured.
“You spent the budget on a phone?”
“Yes. Right now in the world, the phone is the most powerful tool you can have. Right now, I can contact anybody in the world of any importance with this phone. Anyone! In fact, you can help me. We need someone to play the role of an oriental woman in the play. Who should we get?”
I could not think of any oriental actresses so I said Yoko Ono. In my head, she was the most famous oriental woman in the world.
“OK, we will ask Yoko Ono.” Then he rings a number. Someone answers. He asks a question and writes down a number. He phones this number. Someone answers. He asks a question and writes down another number. He does this two or three more times – after which he is actually speaking to Yoko in New York. This was not more than 10 minutes after I had half-jokingly suggested her name.
As it happens, Yoko declined his offer to appear in the Science Fiction Theatre of Liverpool's 12-hour production of Illuminatus!, as she had to look after her new baby boy.
Fifteen years later, when Jimmy Cauty and I were working on the KLF track Justified & Ancient, Jimmy said what it needed was a vocal by Tammy Wynette. Now Tammy Wynette was a genuine living legend, the First Lady of Country – and the record we were making was a sort of dance-pop record with weird bits. It was the last thing you'd expect the First Lady of Country to be singing on. While Jimmy got on with the track, I went into the office and picked up the phone. Ten minutes later, after three or four calls, I am actually talking to Tammy Wynette, just before she goes on stage in Chicago. We play her the track down the phone and she agrees there and then to record the vocals with us.
Back to 1976: I went down to the basement. It was dark and damp. There was, for some reason, a pot of yellow paint and a brush on the floor. I opened the lid. It was full. I took the brush, dipped it in, and then proceeded to paint, across the walls of the basement as large as I could, BUT IS IT HEROIC? This was to be my mantra for the next few months.
The sets I built, using material I found in skips or stole, are still the work I'm most proud of.
Lesson three
Illuminatus! opened in the Liverpool School of Language, Music, Dream & Pun that autumn. It was a roaring success and received glowing reviews from critics in London-based broadsheets. It featured a host of unknown young actors, including Jim Broadbent, David Rappaport and Bill Nighy. Peter Hall, then the artistic director of the National Theatre, wanted Illuminatus! to transfer to London and be the opening show on the National's new Cottesloe stage.
Ken and I drove down to have a meeting with Hall. As we entered the National, Ken turned to me and said: “Bill, before you enter any meeting, you have to know exactly what it is you want out of it. What we want out of this is for you to have whatever budget and facilities you need to build all-new stage sets for the production here.”
I had come prepared, with models of the sets. These I had spent all of the previous night building and they looked exactly how I wanted the real thing to be. I thought they looked brilliant. I still have them.
Hall smiled and agreed to everything.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Prunella Gee in Illuminatus! at the National Theatre, 1977.
Lesson four
The stage sets got built and the London production was a success. Every show was packed. Nighy and Broadbent looked and sounded like the stars they were to become. A West End company wanted to take the show on, but instead of it transferring to a Shaftesbury Avenue-type theatre, they picked the far hipper Roundhouse up in Camden. In the mid-1970s, the Roundhouse was about as hip as you could get.
They wanted to use all of my stage sets, sets I had originally made for nothing and got paid next-to-nothing for. The company was willing to pay me a week's wages to set it all up. Ken said there was nothing he could do about it and that this was the reality of commercial theatre, and I should see this as an opportunity to prove my worth. But as far as I was concerned, this was shit. The actors were all going to get paid for the complete run.
I worked like fuck to get everything ready. Then, on the day it was to open, while attempting to bolt down a part of the set – a toilet – to the stage floor, I cracked the porcelain. I told Ken I was going to go and get some Araldite to glue it back together. I walked out of the Roundhouse and down towards a hardware shop on Chalk Farm Road. But I just walked past and I kept walking until I got to Euston Station, where I got a train back to Liverpool.
It was spring. The world was turning. The punk rock wars were raging across the land. I put my tools away and tuned up my guitar. Within a month of not returning with the Araldite, I had formed my first proper band, Big in Japan.
The lesson that Ken taught me here, even if he did not mean to, was when to walk away. I have put it to good use various times since.
Lesson five
Four years later, still in Liverpool, I am co-managing two of the hippest bands in the land: Echo and the Bunnymen and the Teardrop Explodes. Echo & the Bunnymen were going from strength to strength. They were a solid four-piece democratic band. The Teardrop Explodes were more difficult. They had just had a top 10 single, Reward, and their first album had gone gold. But the band was riven with internal problems, changing line-ups, conflicting egos and too much dope.
Ken was back in Liverpool. He had got a proper job as the artistic director of the Everyman. The co-manager of these bands, and my best friend, was Dave Balfe. He was also the keyboard-player with the Teardrop Explodes, and that was one of the problems. I had told Dave about Ken and how he was the only proper genius I had ever worked with. I knew Ken had no interest in music but I suggested we should visit him and ask what to do with the Teardrop Explodes.
So that night, we go to Ken's lodgings and knock on his door. On seeing my face, the first thing he says is: “Drummond, have you got the Araldite?”
Introductions over, Dave and I explained the problem. He said it was simple enough to sort out. I asked how and he said: “Give me £100 and I will tell you.”
So Dave and I went back out into the night to get £100. There were no cash machines in those days. There was only one person we knew in Liverpool who would have that sort of money in cash at that time of night. Obviously, he thought we were there to buy his wares. We said no, we just want to borrow £100. The interest was agreed and he loaned us the money.
Back at Ken's lodgings, we counted out the notes. Ken put them in his back pocket. He looked up at us and gave us his broad grin.
“WILDER!”
“What do you mean, Ken?”
“I mean WILDER! That is what you need your band to be. WILDER!”
“Have we just paid you £100 for the word ‘wilder'?”
“Yes. And it is probably the best £100 you are ever likely to spend.”
When we left, Dave was certain Ken was just taking the piss out of us. He may have been. But that did not stop us from convincing the Teardrop Explodes and their record company to call their next – and final – album Wilder. Although it went gold, it did not solve the problem within the band. I walked away. And the band broke up. But with everything I have worked on since, I can hear Ken's voice telling me: “Wilder, Bill, it should bewilder.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bill Drummond, right, and KLF bandmate Jimmy Cauty in 1990. Photograph: Martyn Goodacre/Getty Images
Cosmic postscript
Over the years since, I worked with Ken in a number of ways. He directed Jimmy Cauty and myself in our Fuck the Millennium production at the Barbican in London. And anyone who knows anything about my own trajectory will know the influence of Illuminatus! has been profound. None of that would have happened without Ken and the five lessons I learnt from him.
Earlier this year, I was contacted by Daisy Eris Campbell, his daughter. She was planning to put on a play in Liverpool based on Cosmic Trigger, the book by Robert Anton Wilson that was the follow-up to The Illuminatus! Trilogy. She was not asking me to get involved and I knew I could never go back to that anyway. As far as Ken was concerned, I was the boy who had gone to get the Araldite and never came back.
But I am looking forward to returning to Liverpool and watching this show. I just hope it is even more heroic and wilder than her father could ever have expected.
• Cosmic Trigger is at Camp and Furnace, Liverpool, 21-23 November (0151-709 4776). Then at Lost Theatre, London, 26-29 November (020-7720 6897).
• Ken Campbell obituary – “he was one of the strangest people in Britain”
• Archive interview: The elf of Epping Forest
One of the most risky places in the world for a woman in pregnancy or childbirth is Afghanistan. An Afghan woman is 225 times more likely to die in childbirth than a woman in the UK, for example. There is hardly a family in Afghanistan that has not been touched by a tragic experience associated with childbirth.
In Veil of Tears, a 60-page colour booklet launched today, IRIN brings you a unique collection of personal stories of loss and courage in childbirth, as told by women, men and children from different parts of Afghanistan.
The stories were originally recorded in local languages, Dari and Pashto, for IRIN Radio broadcasts. Transcribed into English in Veil of Tears, they convey the immediacy and intimacy of the interviews conducted by IRIN reporters, who travelled in some cases for several days to reach the remotest villages in Afghanistan.
The testimonies in Veil of Tears offer some rarely reported perspectives on the issue of maternal mortality and as a compilation tell much about the state of today's Afghanistan in the words of some of its most ordinary citizens.
The interviewees in the booklet talk about the struggle to get enough nutritious food to sustain a woman through pregnancy, and to feed their families on any given day; they describe the awesome distances and terrain that separate people living in the villages from the nearest health facility; they describe the lack of proper roads and transport that may leave a donkey cart as the only option to attempt a life-or-death journey with a pregnant wife or mother to a hospital; they explain the cultural and social rules that might mean decisions by men are made too late to save a woman and her baby.
Fact Box
One in eight Afghan women will probably die in childbirth
An Afghan woman is 225 times more likely to die in childbirth than a woman in UK
Only 25% of Afghan births are assisted by a skilled birth attendant
Fewer than 13,000 health workers serve an Afghan population of 28 million
For more, see IRIN's regular reporting on Afghanistan
This article is about a species of flowering plants called Japanese medlar. For other uses, see Medlar . For the band, see Loquat (band)
The loquat (Eriobotrya japonica) (from Cantonese Chinese: 盧橘; Jyutping: lou4gwat1, nowadays called Chinese: 枇杷; pinyin: pípá; Jyutping: pei paa) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, a native to the cooler hill regions of China to south-central China.[2][3] It is also quite common in Japan, Korea, hilly Regions of India (Himachal), Potohar and foothill regions of Pakistan and some can be found in some Northern part of the Philippines, and hill country in Sri Lanka.[citation needed] It can also be found in some southern European countries such as Cyprus, Malta, Italy, Spain and Portugal; and several Middle Eastern countries like Israel, Lebanon and Turkey.[4][5]
It is a large evergreen shrub or tree, grown commercially for its yellow fruit, and also cultivated as an ornamental plant.
Eriobotrya japonica was formerly thought to be closely related to the genus Mespilus, and is still sometimes known as the Japanese medlar. It is also known as Japanese plum[6] and Chinese plum,[7] also known as pipa in China.
Description [ edit ]
Eriobotrya japonica is a large evergreen shrub or small tree, with a rounded crown, short trunk and woolly new twigs. The tree can grow to 5–10 metres (16–33 ft) tall, but is often smaller, about 3–4 metres (10–13 ft). The fruit begins to ripen during Spring to Summer depending on the temperature in the area. The leaves are alternate, simple, 10–25 centimetres (4–10 in) long, dark green, tough and leathery in texture, with a serrated margin, and densely velvety-hairy below with thick yellow-brown pubescence; the young leaves are also densely pubescent above, but this soon rubs off.[8][9][10][11]
Fruit [ edit ]
Fruit structure
Loquats are unusual among fruit trees in that the flowers appear in the autumn or early winter, and the fruits are ripe at any time from early spring to early summer.[12] The flowers are 2 cm (1 in) in diameter, white, with five petals, and produced in stiff panicles of three to ten flowers. The flowers have a sweet, heady aroma that can be smelled from a distance.[citation needed]
Loquat fruits, growing in clusters, are oval, rounded or pear-shaped, 3–5 centimetres (1–2 in) long, with a smooth or downy, yellow or orange, sometimes red-blushed skin. The succulent, tangy flesh is white, yellow or orange and sweet to subacid or acid, depending on the cultivar.
Each fruit contains from one to ten ovules, with three to five being most common.[13] A variable number of the ovules mature into large brown seeds (with different numbers of seeds appearing in each fruit on the same tree, usually between one and four).
The fruits are the sweetest when soft and orange. The flavour is a mixture of peach, citrus and mild mango.
History [ edit ]
The loquat is originally from China (the Chinese name is pipa, cognate with the pipa instrument) where related species can be found growing in the wild.[14][15][16][17] It was introduced into Japan and became naturalised there in very early times;[18] it has been cultivated there for over 1,000 years. It has also become naturalised in Georgia, Armenia, Afghanistan, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bermuda, Chile, Kenya, India, Iran, Iraq, South Africa, the whole Mediterranean Basin, Pakistan, New Zealand, Réunion, Tonga, Central America, Mexico, South America and in warmer parts of the United States (Hawaii, California, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina). Chinese immigrants are presumed to have carried the loquat to Hawaii and California.[19][20] It has been cultivated in Japan for about 1,000 years and presumably the fruits and seeds were brought back from China to Japan by the many Japanese scholars visiting and studying in China during the Tang Dynasty.
The loquat was often mentioned in ancient Chinese literature, such as the poems of Li Bai.
Cultivation [ edit ]
Over 800 loquat cultivars exist in Asia. Self-fertile variants include the 'Gold Nugget' and 'Mogi' cultivars. The loquat is easy to grow in subtropical to mild temperate climates where it is often primarily grown as an ornamental plant, especially for its sweet-scented flowers, and secondarily for its delicious fruit. The boldly textured foliage adds a tropical look to gardens, contrasting well with many other plants. It is popular in the Eastern United States, as well as the American South.
Loquat in flower. This is a cultivar intended for home-growing, where the flowers open gradually resulting in fruit also ripening gradually.
Fruit
There are many named cultivars, with orange or white flesh.[22] Some cultivars are intended for home-growing, where the flowers open gradually, and thus the fruit also ripens gradually, compared to the commercially grown species where the flowers open almost simultaneously, and the whole tree's fruit also ripens together.
Japan is the leading producer of loquats followed by Israel and then Brazil.[22] In Europe, Spain is the main producer of loquat.[23]
In temperate climates it is grown as an ornamental with winter protection, as the fruits seldom ripen to an edible state. In the United Kingdom, it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[24][25]
In the US, the loquat tree is hardy only in USDA zones 8 and above, and will flower only where winter temperatures do not fall below 30 °F (−1 °C). In such areas, the tree flowers in autumn and the fruit ripens in late winter.
Culinary use [ edit ]
Loquat in plate
The loquat has a high sugar, acid and pectin content.[26] It is eaten as a fresh fruit and mixes well with other fruits in fresh fruit salads or fruit cups. The fruits are also commonly used to make jam, jelly and chutney, and are often served poached in light syrup. Firm, slightly immature fruits are best for making pies or tarts.
The fruit is sometimes canned.
The waste ratio is 30 percent or more, due to the seed size.
The fruit is also processed into confections.
Alcoholic beverages [ edit ]
Loquats can also be used to make light wine. It is fermented into a fruit wine, sometimes using just the crystal sugar and white liquor.
In Italy nespolino[27] liqueur is made from the seeds, reminiscent of nocino and amaretto, both prepared from nuts and apricot kernels. Both the loquat seeds and the apricot kernels contain cyanogenic glycosides, but the drinks are prepared from varieties that contain only small quantities (such as Mogi and Tanaka[28]), so there is no risk of cyanide poisoning.
Nutrition [ edit ]
The loquat is low in saturated fat and sodium and is high in vitamin A, dietary fiber, potassium, and manganese.[29]
Like most related plants, the seeds (pips) and young leaves of the plant are slightly poisonous, containing small amounts of cyanogenic glycosides (including amygdalin) which release cyanide when digested, though the low concentration and bitter flavour normally prevent enough being eaten to cause harm.
Medicinal [ edit ]
Loquat syrup is used in Chinese medicine for soothing the throat and is a popular ingredient for cough drops. The leaves, combined with other ingredients and known as pipa gao (枇杷膏; pinyin: pípágāo; literally "loquat paste"), it acts as a demulcent and an expectorant, as well as to soothe the digestive and respiratory systems.
In Japan, loquat leaves are dried to make a mild beverage known as biwa cha by brewing them using the traditional Japanese method. Biwa cha is held to beautify skin and heal inflammatory skin conditions such as psoriasis and eczema and to heal chronic respiratory conditions such as bronchitis. Eaten in quantity, loquats have a gentle but noticeable sedative effect, lasting up to 24 hours.[30]
Etymology [ edit ]
A loquat leaf, shown at a high magnification, illustrating the general appearance of the leaf and the structure of the venation
The name loquat derives from lou4 gwat1, the Cantonese pronunciation of the classical Chinese: 蘆橘; pinyin: lújú, literally "black orange". The phrase "black orange" originally actually referred to unripened kumquats, which are dark green in color. But the name was mistaken as the loquat we know today by the ancient Chinese poet Su Shi when he was residing in southern China, and the mistake was widely taken up by the Cantonese region thereafter.[citation needed]
In Armenian it is called "Nor Ashkhar" (նոր աշխարհ) which means New World because it ushers in Spring.[citation needed]
In Turkish, it is named similarly, "Yeni Dunya" meaning New World.
See also [ edit ]
Kumquat (Although kumquats are not related botanically to loquats, the two names share an origin in their old Chinese names.)
Coppertone loquat, a hybrid of Eriobotrya deflexa (synonym: Photinia deflexa) and Rhaphiolepis indica
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
I dont understand why you think trans men should be able to ID as feminists. issues like reproductive rights are not solely about women and saying that because some trans men have fertile vaginas they can be feminists makes it sound like you think(c)
©people with vaginas are automatically kind of women. that's transphobic, and I was wondering why you think that.
Not at all. I am personally comfortable with trans men identifying as feminist because feminism fights for the rights of anyone capable of pregnancy and who need access to reproductive choices that don't currently exist or are being rolled back by lawmakers. And those laws do not exclusively effect cis women. You are twisting MY beliefs so they seem transphobic against trans men when they are based in inclusivity of all trans people. The only people I don't like to see calling themselves ‘feminist' without a serious and proven background of feminist advocacy is cis men, not because I think they're the only “true men”, but because they're the only group that doesn't experience gender-based oppression, since they have both cis and male privilege. And I'm not actively policing the title of feminist. I just have dealt with enough shitty, sexist cis men who call themselves feminist, and then hide behind that title when they pull problematic shit, that I'm automatically skeptical of cis men who INSIST on being called feminist and included in the movement that is not based around their rights or needs. I don't want to push labels on anyone who isn't okay with them, and if a trans man would rather call himself a feminist ally than a feminist, that's fantastic.
Victorian mothers delivered a record crop of babies in 2012, combining with a resurgence of overseas migration to lift the state's population growth to almost 100,000 a year, the Bureau of Statistics reports.
The bureau says 77,384 babies issued their first scream in our hospital wards last year - finally breaking the 40-year-old record set at the peak of the baby boom in 1971.
Ana Dojkovski with her one-day-old son Jake at Sunshine Hospital. Credit:Pat Scala
Victoria has more than its share of people in their 20s and 30s, but this is the first time it has led to an outsized birth rate. Last year alone, there were 6326 or 9 per cent more babies born, while the doctors helped defy our ageing and fast-growing population, with total deaths in the state declining by 189 or 0.5 per cent.
Net overseas migration to Victoria also shot up 18 per cent last year to 56,200, the highest tally since 2009. The bureau estimates that 118,400 new residents arrived from overseas, the third highest ever, while 62,200 returned home.
Adam McCabe is a midfielder for the semi-pro Georgia Revolution FC who came out in a first-person essay published online last December. McCabe wanted to share his thoughts on homophobia at Atlanta United games and his hopes for the future. If you would like to submit an editorial to Georgia Voice, email it to editor@thegavoice.com.
It felt like Christmas morning for thousands of other soccer fans in Atlanta. Sunday, March 5, 2017, was the dawn of a new sports era in our city. For years, a void existed here for professional soccer, and this multicultural hub of diversity longed for the day when the beautiful game would return. Now, after waiting so patiently, the people of Atlanta have a team they can call their own.
On game day, the city was spewing with excitement – everywhere you looked, there were scenes of fanfare, of red and black flags, and an optimistic spirit was tangible in the city. My partner and I took MARTA to the game. As we walked up the steps of the Five Points MARTA Station, hundreds of people raced by us with flags, scarves and jerseys, uniting the city for a night. There was a brief pause as we waited in line to exit, and in a moment my partner looked at me and stunned me with a single question: “When are we going to bring a Pride flag to an Atlanta United game?”
At first, I didn't have an answer for him. I'm proud to be out, to be open and honest with whom I am. But I had never thought of myself as an individual who would bring a Pride flag to a sporting event. “Let's see how this one goes,” I replied. I had no idea what type of response a Pride flag would get at a soccer match in the South.
The game started out as I thought it would, with two nervous teams – Atlanta United and New York Red Bulls – testing out the waters in their season opener. Midway through the first half, Red Bulls goalkeeper Luis Robles took a goal kick in front of the Atlanta United supporters' section. As he went to clear the ball, a single moment changed my experience at the game. A huge wave of fans shouted from the crowd – “¡puto!” – a homophobic, offensive phrase, in an attempt to distract Robles and put him off his kick.
The game continued, with no interruption, as if nothing had happened – yet something major had just occurred. A few minutes later, another goal kick for Luis Robles, and again the huge shout – “¡puto!” – but this time, a bit louder. When the obscene word was heard again, my partner tapped me on the shoulder and asked: “What are they saying?”
I nonchalantly explained to him what the definition of “¡puto!” meant, its origin, and why our fans were saying it to the opposing goalkeeper. The look on my partner's face turned from inquisitive, to sour and disappointed. “Really?” he replied. ‘That's common at soccer games?” And in that moment, I had no answer, because there wasn't a good one.
Every time Luis Robles took a goal kick, I caught my partner looking at me from the corner of his eye. He would hesitantly turn around to gaze at the mix of individuals, drunkenly shouting the obscenity just two rows behind us. This was not the experience I was hoping for. I wanted so badly for him to enjoy the game I grew up with and loved.
After the match, we spoke about our experience and whether Atlanta United games were something we could share together in the future. Looking back, I wished it could have been without the homophobic language, (and that Atlanta United had won), but I chose to appreciate our time together. As we talked, I stated, “I'm not sure our fans would be ready for a Pride flag.” He looked at me, and chuckled before replying: “Yeah, probably not.”
The day after Atlanta's inaugural home match, I heard countless analysts applaud the play of Atlanta United. However, what surprised me was the amount of negative press Atlanta United was receiving after just one match. Our supporters' actions and behavior had caught the attention of international coverage, from the likes of ESPN, Yahoo and Deadspin. The obscenities and homophobic language by the Atlanta United fans was criticized galore. I hated to think that people worldwide were misunderstanding and judging our fans and our amazing city.
As expected, Atlanta United was quick to make a statement, condemning the language and behaviors of such fans. As a new MLS franchise, the fans of Atlanta United have a new opportunity to reshape the soccer fan culture of our city. Why not take this with open arms, at the highest level of professional soccer in the United States, to show our country who the people of Atlanta truly are?
After our dominant 6-1 win away to Minnesota United, I was eagerly anticipating the next match at home to Chicago Fire. I hoped Atlanta United could maintain their good early form and start to create a dominant presence on their home turf. On another note, I contemplated how our fans might react to the negative publicity from the first home game and if anything would change.
I read comments on Dirty South Soccer from writers and readers who thought silencing the obscene language from the inaugural match would be almost impossible. With 55,000 fans at a soccer game, being able to control and influence every single individual was unrealistic. Instead, we needed to focus on how to inspire and encourage the majority of fans to exclude this language. The one idea that caught my eye was a “Hey Ya!” chant (a throw back to Outkast). Done successfully, the majority of fans could drown out any offensive language.
My partner and I were excited to attend the next game together. As the first notable goal kick came to Chicago, I remember looking my partner dead in the eyes. We had both been waiting for this moment since the game began; waiting to see how our fans would react and respond to the negative coverage of our behavior. As Jorge Bava lined up for Chicago Fire to take the goal kick, I looked towards the supporters' section. A low rumbling “Hey…” filled the section, being led by Terminus Legion. The man next to me, who was at the game with his young boy, joined Terminus Legion, adding his “Hey…” to the thousands of others in the stadium. As Bava kicked the ball, the stadium – including the man next to me – erupted with a powerful “Ya!.” I looked back at my partner, as the goal kick flew out of bounds, and gave him a big smile.
The second home game was a much better overall experience. The fact that our fans and community had positively responded to the hateful behavior shown in the first match made the victory that much sweeter. As a community, we had come together to stand up in the face of homophobia in our sport and home. As my partner and I descended down the 5 Points MARTA escalators, we chatted about the game. I said, “Maybe we actually can bring a Pride flag to a game sometime soon.” That brought a big smile to his face.
After the reaction by our fans, community and organization, I am still optimistic that not only will we have a successful team, but that we will also have a community and organization that is all-inclusive. I am hopeful that, after the dramatic shift from the first home game to the second, our fans can prevail in eliminating homophobic language from our identity and culture.
It has been almost a month since our last home game, and I am hopeful that the Atlanta United fans will revert to the appropriate behavior in our next home game (April 30). Consistency is key when continuing to fight homophobia and hate. I applaud our growth in such a short period, but we need to remain consistence, to remain progressing and moving forward.
I challenge Atlanta United fans reading this article to evaluate their actions at games, and how they could be negatively impacting and affecting the experience of others at a game. Remember that this is the best sport in the world because it is the people's game – it belongs to every individual, no matter their sexuality, religion, political beliefs or gender. I urge Atlanta United fans to think back to the father that sat by us during the Chicago Fire game with his son, and ultimately chose to display the appropriate, matured and disciplined example for his son. He chose not to pass along hate and negativity to a younger generation. This is the way we must begin to rid this language from the beautiful game.
You can find Adam McCabe on Facebook, and on Instagram @Shakiro_850. You can also reach him on email at adam.mccabe850@gmail.com.
'Smiling Teenage Girls Showing Prom Corsages' [Shutterstock]
An Alabama high school's apparent attempt to ban same-sex couples from attending this year's prom was promptly rebuffed after being leaked online.
WSFA-TV reported on Wednesday that rules for the event at Greenville High School originally stipulated [PDF] that “prom dates are defined as traditional couples and will follow the traditional guidelines of previous proms.” The rules allowed for dates between the ages of “10th grade to 20 years of age.” The rules were attributed to Principal Joseph Dean. The statement also urged students not to be upset at the DJ if he played “tasteful music.”
But the statement was quickly overruled by Amy Bryan, interim superintendent for the Butler County School District.
“No one has lost their right to go anywhere,” Bryan told WSFA. “It was unfortunate that it was in our rules. It has been corrected at that school. All children will be welcome to the junior/senior prom.”
Bryan told WSFA she was not sure what prompted the directive from Dean's office, but denied any malicious intent on his part.
Regardless, as WAKA-TV reported, the attempted ban was quickly met with disapproval from many students.
“There was actually a straight girl sitting beside me, and she was getting more mad than I was about it,” senior Sarah Smith, who is gay, told WAKA. “So that made me feel pretty good to know that somebody was on our side.”
Watch WSFA's report on the quick overruling of the ban, as aired on Wednesday, below.
[Image: “Smiling Teenage Girls Showing Prom Corsages” via Shutterstock]
Google wants to help folks use less power by empowering them with real time information about their energy usage.
[Remix of a Creative Commons photo by John Wilson]
There's a famous quote from Lord Kelvin: “If you cannot measure it, you cannot improve it.” When it comes to lowering your energy consumption, Google says, “You CAN measure it, you CAN improve it.” Folks who monitor their home energy usage are, on average, able to reduce their consumption by 5-15%. That adds up! For every six households that save the median amount of energy through monitoring, it's the equivalent of taking one car off the road. Imagine if, instead of just six, there were millions of households! That's Google's plan.
The California-based company wants to empower folks to save energy by giving them the tools to monitor their power consumption. They're developing the Google PowerMeter which will work as a secure, real-time gadget on your Google homepage. The widget will give updates on energy usage, allowing you to see where and when your energy use is greatest, so you can lower consumption. Even better: they're planning to make it totally free.
Google started out with a small pilot program and are planning to eventually roll out the PowerMeter for everyone. The tool requires that your home have a smart energy meter, which they say that over 40 million homes will have within the next three years thanks to the government stimulus package (pdf). You can read some quotes from users in the PowerMeter pilot program on their demo page. This one, from one of their software engineers, struck me as the most impressive:
I don't own a toaster and because I live by myself, I've always used my standard electric oven to toast bread. After seeing the power spikes from my sunday breakfasts, I did a little research on the power required to toast bread using a toaster compared to an electric oven and found that toasting bread in an oven uses 33 times as much energy as a typical toaster! With these savings, I realized that I would save money (not to mention time) by buying a toaster.
It really shows what a big difference you can make with such a tiny change. Read more about Google's PowerMeter on Clean Technica!
A study conducted by Brazil's Oswaldo Cruz Foundation (Fiocruz) and Eliminate Dengue, has confirmed that Wolbachia bacteria can reduce Zika virus transmission by the Aedes aegypti mosquito. The bacterial genus is currently used in regions like Australia, to control the spread of dengue.
“Zika and dengue belong in the same family of viruses so with the Zika outbreak in Brazil, the logical idea was to test the mosquitoes carrying Wolbachia by challenging them with the Zika virus,” said Dr. Luciano Moreira, senior author of the report and head of the Brazilian Eliminate Dengue team. The researchers studied wild Brazilian field mosquitoes and Wolbachia-infected mosquitoes, who were both fed blood infected with the Zika virus.
Not only did the Wolbachia-infected mosquitoes show lower levels of the Zika virus in their saliva, but the virus isolated was not infectious. The researchers are hopeful that this strategy may help block Zika virus transmission, thereby controlling the Zika epidemic.
The Wolbachia bacteria prevents replication of RNA arboviruses, including Zika, dengue and Chikungunya. As the Wolbachia infection is passed from generation to generation through the female mosquito's egg, this approach could be a self-sustaining, less labor-intensive way to control the spread of these viruses.
This technique has been used since 2011 in Brazil, Colombia, Vietnam, Indonesia and Australia, as a way to control transmission of dengue in these at-risk countries. A trial of the Wolbachia approach in Townsville, Queensland, Australia, has reported that 80 percent of the mosquitoes have been infected with the bacteria just 18 months after it was introduced into the population.
“Wolbachia is sustaining itself at high levels in the majority of these sites up to five years after application. In areas where mosquito populations have high levels of Wolbachia, we haven't seen any significant local transmission of dengue,” said Professor Scott O'Neill from Monash University, the lead scientist for Eliminate Dengue. “The method we're using is safe for humans and the environment, and has received widespread international support from governments, regulators and community members.”
This technology is expected to be crucial in the coming months as the Aedes aegypti vector continues to spread through Latin America, and potentially North into the Southern US states. The virus has been linked to serious neurological damage, including microcephaly, and paralysis associated with Guillain-Barré syndrome.
University of Leicester
was unearthed beneath a parking lot in Leicester, England. Based on the evidence at hand, the archeologists behind the discovery claimed that they had found the bones of Richard III—the 15th century monarch with the cartoonishly villainous reputation. (Richard, immortalized in one Shakespeare's greatest plays, reportedly stole the throne, killed his nephews, and ruled for two years before dying in battle.)
The evidence was compelling: The skeleton was male, the right age, from the right time period, had numerous battle injuries, and even showed Richard III's characteristic uneven shoulders and scoliosis. And good evidence had led the archaeologists to the parking lot, which is the site of a ruined monastery said to be the monarch's final resting place. Even so, the scientists couldn't be entirely sure it was really him—at least not without DNA evidence.
Today, a team of biologists, historians, and archeologists announced that they have completed a DNA analysis of the skeleton. As they report in the journal Nature Communications, these remains truly are the former king beyond any reasonable doubt. What's even more impressive: By tracing the genetic evidence through more than 20 generations of the dead king's family tree to his living descendants, the scientists have completed the oldest DNA identification case of a known individual.
"The evidence is overwhelming that these are indeed the remains of Richard III," says Turi King, the University of Leicester geneticist who led the DNA analysis, "Even with our most conservative statistical analysis, we're 99.999 percent sure."
Images: University of Leicester.
Genes Through Generations
King's team first had to scrape together a DNA profile from the withered skeleton—no easy task. Because DNA starts to fragment immediately after death, the researchers had to painstakingly sift through millions of ribbons of splintered DNA strands. To make sure the analysis wasn't contaminated (an ever-present risk), scientists did the sequencing in several clean rooms in universities across the U.K.
DNA profile in hand, the researchers compared it against living relatives from Richard III's family tree. Luckily, Richard's descendants are proud of their heritage—though the scientists had plenty of work to do finding the kind's real descendants and insulating the research from false claims, says Kevin Schürer, the chief University of Leicester historian with the research team.
Related: 10 Awesome Accidental Discoveries
Also, King says, "not just any relative would do. We needed to find people who were related in a particular way. The vast majority of your DNA is a very complex mixture of your ancestors," she says, and an ancestor from 20 generations back would contribute just 1 millionth (on average) of your total DNA. That doesn't tell you a lot. "But there are two pieces of DNA that are passed down virtually unchanged through generations. That's your mitochondrial DNA," she says, "and the Y chromosome."
The mitochondria—the tiny powerhouse structure in all of your cells—have their own DNA. Mitochondrial DNA is passed on only by the mother. As a result, the scientists could compare their DNA analysis of the skeletal remains against two descendants by following an all-female line through their vetted family tree (from Richard III's mother all the way down to two living descendants.)
The female-line descendants shared the exact same mitochondrial DNA (except for a single mutation acquired through the generations) as Richard III. And what's more, it was also a rare variant of the DNA, one commonly found around the Mediterranean but rare in England.
Close-up of skeleton in the burial site.
Adultery Muddles Science Yet Again
For the Y chromosome—found only in men and passed down by the father—the scientists had a bit more trouble. Because Richard III has no pure male-line descendants in his family tree (his sons were violently murdered) the scientists and historians had to follow Richard III's Y chromosome back up his family tree to the 14th century king Edward III, before tracing an all-male line down. The scientists then identified five descendants—all of whom distantly shared their closest heritage through the former 5th Duke of Beaufort, Henry Somerset, who died in 1803.
Related: How to reassemble a 300-year-old lost ship.
Here's where the story gets juicy. Only four of the five living descendants shared their Y chromosome. The 5th descendant either was not a genetic descendant of the duke because of hidden adultery, or somewhere along the line someone had fabricated a fake claim of royal heritage. And while all four of Somerset's descendants shared a Y chromosome with each other, they did not share one with the remains of Richard the III.
After all this genetic sleuthing, this picture became clear: somewhere in the line of the family tree that extends up from Duke Henry Somerset to Edward III and down to Richard III, a queen or heiress became pregnant through adultery and then lied about it without anybody ever knowing.
It seems scientists have accidentally stumbled upon century-old royal infidelity—and crushed the royal claims of a few descendants. Hey, you never know what's going to happen when you go digging around in a parking lot.
What were the best and worst first-round picks in the 2017 NFL Draft? What teams and players scored big wins, and which came out hard on the losing end?
Here the highlights and lowlights of the draft's wild first night.
MORE: NFL Draft board, full analysis
NFL Draft grades: Winners
— John Lynch and 49ers
What a defensive-minded debut for Lynch as general manager. He made a terrific, immediate trade with the Bears to stockpile picks and was still able to get two cornerstones for the defensive front-seven in end Solomon Thomas (No. 3) and inside linebacker Reuben Foster.
San Francisco is seeing great early results with its hire, including him not panicking and forcing QB.
— Deshaun Watson and Texans
Houston no longer has a QB problem as it contends for an AFC title. The defense and offensive supporting casts are good enough to lift Watson into more winning ways after he led Clemson to a national title.
The Texans had to be aggressive to get him once Mitchell Trubisky (Bears) and Patrick Mahomes (Chiefs) went earlier than expected.
MORE: Texans make a winning move for Watson
— Jets
New York had only one pick, but it avoided the quarterback trap and got the needed stud for Todd Bowles' secondary in Jamal Adams. The safety's natural playmaking ability makes him a good bet to be the front-runner for defensive rookie of the year.
— Browns
Cleveland didn't get a quarterback, but it got a few more picks and ended up with three needed prospects instead of two.
Getting Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett at the top alone would have made for a stellar first round, but the Browns also got intriguing, athletic chess pieces for both sides of the ball in Michigan safety Jabrill Peppers and Miami tight end David Njoku. Sashi Brown should be very happy.
— Wide receivers
This was supposed to be a weak draft for high-end, impact pass-catchers, but then came Western Michigan's Corey Davis at No. 5 (Titans), followed quickly by Clemson's MIke Williams at No. 7 (Chargers) and Washington's John Ross at No. 9 (Bengals).
Other than Tennessee, which had a glaring need, it was a weird mini-run with both Los Angeles and Cincinnati passing on good values at more pressing positions.
— Saints
Good things come to those who wait and take the best player available. New Orleans should be thrilled it got a potential shutdown cornerback all the way down at No. 11 with Ohio State's Marshon Lattimore.
When offensive skill talent didn't shake out for New Orleans at No. 32, it was smart to take the likely starting right tackle of the near future in Wisconsin's Ryan Ramczyk.
— Jabrill Peppers
For all that talk of a dilute sample and position uncertainty causing Peppers to slide into the late first or early second round, the Browns gave him a shot to find a home at either safety or linebacker in a defense that needs more playmakers of his ilk.
MORE: Will Peppers boom or bust?
— Giants and Evan Engram
New York didn't reach. It went can't-miss in a fellow Ole Miss product who will connect with Eli Manning.
Given the additions of Engram and Brandon Marshall, the Giants are trying to own intermediate routes when Odell Beckham is busy drawing attention downfield. It was the most underrated excellent pick of Round 1.
— Patriots
They didn't have a first-round pick, and they didn't really need to have one, instead able to sit back and enjoy the fun of other teams trying to catch up to them.
New England already has done plenty with free agency and trades to stamp its status as a strong favorite to repeat.
NFL Draft grades: Losers
— Raiders
There was no justification to take a massive risk on a cornerback who gambles in coverage when Reuben Foster was on the board to help them at their biggest defensive need. It's made worse when the player is Gareon Conley, who is facing uncertain legal action after news of his alleged sexual assault broke just days before the draft.
It was extremely disappointing, on and off the field, for Oakland to go in this direction.
STEELE: Raiders give Conley a rare chance
— Bears
If it weren't for the Raiders' bad judgment, Chicago easily would be the most clueless team so far in the draft. Piling on their terrible pick-up of Mike Glennon as an expensive, short-term stopgap, the Bears blew their draft pick currency on a questionable franchise passer in Trubisky.
— Marshon Lattimore
The Saints were a good landing spot for him, but he was rumored to be going as high as No. 3 to the Bears before that big trade with San Francisco.
The Titans at No. 5 and the Jets at No. 6 both surprisingly passed, too. That cost him a much nicer top-10 guaranteed contract.
— Chiefs
Texas Tech's Patrick Mahomes is a big-armed, poor fundamental quarterback. Last time we checked, Alex Smith was not either of those things. Andy Reid sees some Brett Favre qualities in Mahomes, but the coach's offense is based on rhythm, footwork and good decision-making. Mahomes is a major project for whom to trade up.
— O.J. Howard
Howard was supposed to go much earlier than No. 19 to the Buccaneers as the first Alabama player taken, but as a luxury tight end pick, he was third off the board from the Tide. He was doomed to free-fall as soon as the Bills traded out of No. 10.
On the bright side, he's a great fit as another big, field-stretching target for Jameis Winston.
— Reuben Foster
Unlike Peppers, Foster carried a little more so-called "character" concern. He got passed up by many teams who could have used him, including the Bengals, Cardinals, Colts, Redskins, Lions and Raiders.
Expect him to pay off for the 49ers and make everyone else pay for not taking a sure tackling machine.
— All Alabama players
Cornerback Marlon Humphrey was the first taken, and that was No. 16 to Baltimore. Along with Howard and Foster, one-time projected first overall prospect Jonathan Allen fell to No. 17 (Redskins). In the end, it was nuts to see that many teams ignore high-level, pro-style talents out of Nick Saban's program.
MORE: the Best players available for Day 2
— Dalvin Cook
LSU's Leonard Fournette and Stanford's Christian McCaffrey went quickly in expected spots to the Jaguars (No. 4) and Panthers (No. 8), respectively. But Cook, with some mysterious off-field issues, didn't hear his name despite, maybe, being a more complete back than either of the others.
He will be off the board early in Round 2.
— Offensive linemen
Often the darlings of first rounds past, tackles and guards weren't expected to go before No. 20 in this draft, and that's how it played out. But it was worse than expected.
Utah's Garett Bolles got his name called, as many expected, by the Broncos. But Ramczyk had to wait until the very last pick Thursday. Western Kentucky's Forrest Lamp and Alabama's Cam Robinson, both trending upward late, were shut out. Expect the position to dominate the second and third rounds.
Though some day, it might actually land before a real judge.
Last week, we brought you the story of Mows, the artist behind a set of precious little constructions that recently started popping up around the city: Northeast, the North Loop, a purple, Prince-themed one across the street from First Avenue.
Through early May, Mows -- whose works can also be found in California, among other places -- says he'd built about five dozen of the whimsical little pieces, and reaction around town has been almost universally favorable.
Key word: Almost. Mows' quick rise to tiny-door prominence brought out the wrath of an unnamed nemesis, who took apparent joy in retracing the artist's steps and dismantling the pieces he left behind. For a time, that vandal was then posting his destruction under the "@urstreetartsux" Instagram handle; that account has since been discontinued.
Here's one image, in which the guy bragged he'd used a "flat head [screwdriver]" and a hammer to "clean up the rat infestation."
Mow estimates this philistine took apart about a dozen of his door installations.
There might be a breakthrough in the case, as of one week ago. On May 9, a Northeast Minneapolis business recorded surveillance video of a man lingering in its alley. The tape didn't capture a clear image of the man's face, but did get a few details that might help identify him: A white guy with a black shirt, slate grey pants and dark hair, wearing a baseball cap, who stepped around with a noticeably belabored gait.
When he left, they saw the alley's door decoration was in shambles.
But Mows isn't about to go down without a fight. Within a couple days, the business owner (who requested anonymity for this story) noticed the door had been restored.
So, anyone knows anyone who looks like this, walks with a limp, and who would've been ambling around northeast up to no good last Tuesday? (Further clues would include: The guy possessing the remnants of numerous very small doors.)
The business says it turned over its tapes and screenshot images to authorities, though Minneapolis Police Department spokesman Corey Schmidt says the department has no record of evidence being submitted.
Even if a positive ID is established, it's not clear what the legal remedy might be. If one of Mows' doors was left on city-owned property, or on privately owned property belonging to an owner who didn't ask for it or want it, then it technically "wouldn't be legal to put it there" to begin with, Schmidt says.
But if the piece was commissioned, or an unwitting property owner decided after the fact he or she wanted the door to stay, then it "could be considered damage to property," Schmidt says. If such a situation was determined, police would try to assess the piece's value based on construction materials and labor time, among other factors; anything under $1,000 would be a misdemeanor to destroy, above $1,000 a felony.
Schmidt says police would indeed investigate the vandalism of the tiny doors if someone has helpful information. Even Mows himself.
" We would welcome the artist to make a report if he wants to," Schmidt says. "He can stop at any of the five precincts or file the report online."
Lawrence Roberts is just another guy with the title:" Inventor of the Internet" in news articles. According to Wikipedia, he's the father of networking through data packets. And he's turned his attention to everyone's favorite data packet topic: Peer-to-Peer filesharing. He's established a company called Anagran, and says their devices can sort out which file transfers on the tubes are P2P, and -- you guessed it -- can throttle them in favor of other, more "high-priority" traffic.
At Structure 08, he laid out the problem: 5 percent of the Net's users are running P2P transfers taking up 80 percent of its capacity, which is dramatically limiting the available bandwidth available to everyone else. Roberts' company, Anagran, is able to detect which "flows" are P2P traffic, and reduce the bandwidth available to these communications when other users' systems want it. Roberts says that Anagran's technology even functions when P2P transfers are encrypted.
ANAGRAN's FR-1000
One of the products currently offered by ANAGRAN, the FR-1000 Intelligent Flow Manager has a feature set geared specifically toward shaping network traffic. A sampling form the product page is available below. Instant Network Congestion Relief : Adding an FR-1000 wherever network congestion occurs eliminates congestion to instantly improve application performance and service quality. Downstream routers perform better.
: Adding an FR-1000 wherever network congestion occurs eliminates congestion to instantly improve application performance and service quality. Downstream routers perform better. High Quality of Experience for Streaming Media : When loss-susceptible traffic like IPTV and VoIP overload their capacity, packet discard creates noise, jitter, and freeze-frame in all flows. IFD selectively invokes call admission control (CAC) on specific flows only; either the lowest priority or the most recent, for sustained high quality voice and video even during periods of intense user demand.
: When loss-susceptible traffic like IPTV and VoIP overload their capacity, packet discard creates noise, jitter, and freeze-frame in all flows. IFD selectively invokes call admission control (CAC) on specific flows only; either the lowest priority or the most recent, for sustained high quality voice and video even during periods of intense user demand. Bulk Data and P2P Management : Managing flow rates by service class with BTC throttles bandwidth-hungry traffic like P2P to allow all services (including P2P!) to flourish even when network links become congested.
: Managing flow rates by service class with BTC throttles bandwidth-hungry traffic like P2P to allow all services (including P2P!) to flourish even when network links become congested. Powerful Traffic Inspection and Awareness : Real-time capture of all flow statistics enables inspection, logging, and analysis for all traffic in the network. Find out what is really happening in your network.
: Real-time capture of all flow statistics enables inspection, logging, and analysis for all traffic in the network. Find out what is really happening in your network. Improved Performance : Fast Flow Technology improves trunk utilization by up to 300% while adding zero incremental delay. For the first time, bandwidth utilization is maximized without adding any latency.
: Fast Flow Technology improves trunk utilization by up to 300% while adding zero incremental delay. For the first time, bandwidth utilization is maximized without adding any latency. Significant Cost Savings: Bandwidth needed to connect data/content sources to the network can be reduced by 2:1-3:1. Compact, high-performance 1RU form factor saves space and lowers equipment costs. Eco-friendly low power consumption (300 watts) minimizes heat dissipation and ongoing operating costs.
According to Roberts, 80 percent of Internet traffic is generated by 5 percent of users, and that 80 percent is used for P2P filesharing. I have a feeling Mr. Roberts will finally make some money off that Internet he invented if the device works, as ISPs would love to have a way to shuffle Bittorrents of Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo to the back of the queue. I also predict he will become an object of more intense detestation than anyone outside an RIAA office on the Internet he invented, if his device works and is put into general use.
There sure are a lot of people who are referred to as "Inventor of the Internet." Of course we could tell the old joke about Al Gore inventing the Internet, but of course we know he invented weather, not the Internet.
The great purple moon and its ring gave way in the gloaming to the gold-red then orange-white of dawn. The sun rose over the far off farmhouses and laborers' hovels as the sky went blue then shone on the banners of Farmers' Cross Lodge as they unfurled over the front gates. The four mages of the cabal walked into the tavern side of the lodge from the reception area after coming down from their rooms on the upper floors.
They saw the Blue Stranger sitting at the first table beyond the door and spread out before him was a feast of roasted ribs, steaming vegetables and heaps of fresh flatbread. It smelled sweet, savory, exquisite. He motioned for the mages to join him addressing Gornix (played by Gil) by name. Excor (played by Cris), Fauna (played by Jenn), and Szoosha (played by Isis) shot him dirty looks. They joined the stranger regardless that they already knew to be the blue dragon in disguise.
After Fauna and Szoo started eating the Blue Stranger asked, “How's the food” he had not touched any of it.
Gil (horrified): “It's POISONED! I didn't eat anything ! Wait. Would he…”
Isis: “WHAT!? NO! WHY DIDN'T SOMEONE Tell ME!?”
Jenn (shrugging): “My girl doesn't eat meat so…”
Cris: “No. He's a dragon, hell it is a blue dragon…No. We're eating our oxen.” He shrugged. Excor dug into the ribs, they were as good as they smelled.
The Blue Stranger smirked in entertainment at Gornix's and Szoo's wave of initial horror. Hence the mages and the dragon finished their meal under a cloud of weird tension. The Blue Stranger was the first to take his leave and then the mages left after and tried to refocus on their mission.
By late morning, the mages were circulating amongst the flood of wagons, merchants, and farmers that were making their way through the crossroads with destinations in all eight directions, some close by others as far away as Ezmer. Szoosha kept a vigil at the front gates, namely due to his ability to remain in direct summer sun for extended periods of time and keen eyesight, for the arrival of their target.
Suddenly, Szoo caught glimpse of a cloud of dust riding up from the south cross. He thought its size indicating the caravan that they were waiting for. It wasn't long before the Black-scaled Naga's sharp vision picked out a caravan of a covered supply wagon, 3 armored wagons, all protected by a small force of horsemen led by a knight bearing a white longshield with a black swan upon it.
Isis: “Guys! I think he's here, I think Hufom's here…”
Cris: “You have to come get and tell us.”
Isis: “Well. Where are ya at?”
Excor was wending his way through a dusty crowd to a large covered area on the east side of the lodge building where most were parking their wagons and tending their animals. He was trying to find Corje and the wagon. It wasn't long before he bumped into him, the cloaked driver had two others with him.
Corje introduced them as “reinforcements” for the mission. Excor was less than thrilled and quickly made an excuse to get away from the wagon-driver-probably-assassin-in-disguise and his similarly dressed two pals. They were looking for Fauna. The only positive as far as he saw it was that Corje had managed to replace the oxen on the wagon.
Utterly paranoid and a little exhausted already, Excor quickly retreated to his tiny corner room on the third floor. To try to gain a little “insight” into his and his companions' situation he decided to take a dose of some yellow lotus that he had lifted from Fauna without her knowledge. Its quality was a little higher than expected. As a result he fell into a drug-induced coma. As he collapsed onto the sleeping mat, an intense vision ripped through his brain, a chaos of shattering wood, smashing stones, a blue dragon and roaring lightning, and a black mace whistling through the air.
Fauna was wandering aimlessly around the lodge-enclosure talking to the occasional stranger that might peak her interest. Eventually Corje and his two allies found her.
Corje: “There you are little sister! I've made contact with our two allies!” He introduced them but Fauna did not pay attention to their names.
He went on about how they were ready to deal a blow for “our good lady” and if need be done it here if the chance should present itself “even at the cost of all our lives”. Fauna humored them and mentioned it would be a good idea for her to track down her friends and formulate a plan before Corje and his compatriots should do anything. Meanwhile it would be best if they would get the wagon ready to leave at a moment's notice. She parted ways with them and disappeared into the road-weary press of the yard.
At the same time, Gornix joined Szoo as the caravan the naga was spotting rumbled through the gates, a blast of yellow dust preceding them. The three armored wagons had shutters over the windows and thus any passengers hidden from view. On each wagon were a driver and a crossbowman. The wagons also bore the pennants of the Iron Wheels of Ezmer. The emblem of the Iron Wheels being an iron grey wagon wheel against a crimson field. The horsemen on the other hand bore the arms of the Yellow Spears on their wooden longshields, wore chainmail shirts with steel open helms and were armed with light lances. Their heraldry being a yellow diamond-headed spear against a field of orange and azure bent sinister. Leading the whole lot was a white knight in a checkered surcoat, atop his white great helm was a carved wooden black swan.
The Black Swan/White Knight was as a towering and intimidating figure as his brother in full regalia. However, when he removed his helmet he was the spitting image though his brow was more prominent and his chin stronger. He also had a wide scar across his face and another across his lips to his chin. He was very systematic in habit, the stripping down of his equipment even his dismount. At his hip was a great sword with a gleaming golden grip and pommel.
The pair of mages tried to approach the White Knight but he kept them at a distance while he stowed his equipment. Even when he was finished, he arrogantly brushed off any attempt to engage him. Therefore, Gornix and Szoo were trying to gather as much info as they could just hang around and keeping an eye out on the whole scene. Gornix spotted out someone moving between the armored carriages but he could only catch a glimpse of a long wormy tail.
Szoo: “Is that our guy?”
Gornix: “I don't know.”
Eventually Fauna met up with the pair and without waiting for Excor, who was still unconscious, they tried to formulate a plan. They would wait for the horsemen and most of the guards to go into the tavern and then Szoo would set the wheels of the carriages on fire so they couldn't get away and then Gornix would use his Summon Elemental IV spell to summon a giant earth elemental to cause a diversion. After that, Excor could keep guard with his magic and Fauna and her crew could move in with their daggers to finish off the job. They hoped they could escape in the ensuing chaos.
The mages held and waited while the carriages were parked. After they had been parked near the front wall in their own special cordoned off area, Fauna went to scoop up her people and Excor. She soon found Excor completely knocked out and realized he would be out for quite some time. However with Corje's help she dragged him to the wagon.
Not long after the carriages had been parked Sir Illin, the White Swan/Black Knight, met his twin brother with a roar of a greeting and they started to the tavern. The dismounted mercenaries and crossbowmen followed. Left behind the drivers tended the carriages and draft animals. The passengers within had failed to disembark. It was still early in the afternoon.
Isis: “Can I BURN things now?”
Gil: “Do it.”
Szoosha kept his distance and using the minimal somatic components to remain unseen set the first two carriages wheels ablaze. Unfortunately when he targeted the third carriages wheels, the magic got away from him and nearby piles of hay and the supply wagon burst into flames letting loose a massive fireball into the sky.
Isis: “Hee-hee, YES!”
The Lodge guards were panicking and ran to the well attempting to establish a bucket line. Meanwhile, Gornix cast his spell at the rear of the lodge. As a result, a giant semi-humanoid earth elemental rose from the ground.
Gil (*roll*roll*): “Uhm. Oops.”
Isis: “What'ya mean OOPS!?”
Gil: “I can't control it.”
The elemental giant immediately smashed its massive fists into the corner of the lodge building tearing out an entire corner. It had completely taken out what had been Excor's room. Then the creature swept its arm across some nearby guards killing them all.
Isis: “This is not going well.”
Fauna: “Corje! Get the WAGON!”
The Black and White Swans ran from the tavern weapons drawn. They gathered up their mounts and ushered the last remaining armored wagon to the gates. So Gornix approached as close as he dared and shouted to the White Swan/Black Knight. The knight shouted back that if he wanted to caravan with them they were pulling out NOW. Four of the horsed lancers were already galloping through the gates. The cabal's wagon pulled up with the unconscious Excor in back along with the pair of cloaked men he had met earlier that day.
Isis: “Wait. This might be perfect!”
Suddenly, seemingly out of nowhere a very fancy blue coach with a train of six horses rode up to the gates from the yard driven by a very familiar hunchback. The Blue Stranger opened the door into the vehicle and shouted to Gornix to get in. He would also be joining their little wagon train.
Isis: “Oh gawd NO!”
Gornix of course leapt right into the Blue Stranger's coach followed by Fauna and a reluctant Szoo. In a storm of chaos and fire, the makeshift caravan fled north from Farmers' Cross.
To Be Continued…
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Pinterest
Spread the love
I've been outside LA for 10 hours and I miss home already.
Yours truly is up in Northern California, or San Jose to be exact, covering tomorrow's vital U.S. Men's National Team World Cup Qualifier vs. Honduras (7:30 pm, FS1, UniMas and UDN). Bruce Arena just had a press conference inside Avaya Stadium. (He looks well)
But in the meantime, I still miss home. So after having a laugh with Kevin Baxter, the first thing I did was head to the nearest Starbucks and hop on the laptop to find out what's been happening.
And that's when I saw this.
This is what happens when people ask me if i would get a tattoo about LA..Part 1 is done..much more to come.. ..i just love this city!! A post shared by Jelle Van Damme (@jelle_van_damme) on Mar 23, 2017 at 6:02pm PDT
This is what happens when people ask me if i would get a tattoo about LA..Part 1 is done..much more to come.. ..i just love this city!!
First of all, love the tattoo. Can't go wrong with a classic.
Second of all, there's more to come? Who knows what we might see next on the big Belgian's body.
Donors at an international conference Sunday promised $2.7 billion to rebuild the war-ravaged Gaza Strip, but all of the key participants said their efforts would be futile without a permanent peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
U.S.-mediated talks broke down this summer before the 50-day war between Hamas and Israel began – the third since 2008 – and it remains unclear how peace can come about.
Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende, who co-chaired the one-day meeting with Egypt, said pledges of $5.4 billion have been made, but that only half of that money would be “dedicated” to the reconstruction of the coastal strip.
Brende did not say what the other half of the funds would be spent on. Other delegates have spoken of budgetary support, boosting economic activity, emergency relief and other projects.
“The message was clear to the international community that the Palestinian brothers are not alone,” Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shukri told a news conference after the meeting.
Qatar offered the biggest donation of $1 billion – once again using its vast wealth to reinforce its role as a regional player. The United Arab Emirates – a Gulf Arab rival of Qatar – promised $200 million.
The pledges followed U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's announcement of immediate American assistance of $212 million. The European Union pledged $568 million, while Turkey, which has been playing a growing regional role, said it was donating $200 million.
Qatari Foreign Minister Khalid bin Mohammed Al-Attiyah, in announcing his country's pledge, denounced the “international silence” that surrounded Gaza's destruction.
“While the Palestinian people need financial support, they need more political support from the international community,” he said. “A just peace is the only real guarantee for not destroying what we are about to rebuild and reconstruct.”
Delegates representing about 50 nations and 20 regional and international organizations applauded the pledge by Qatar. The Emirates and Saudi Arabia, however, allege that Qatar is using its wealth to undermine regional stability, primarily through meddling in other nations' affairs and aiding militant Islamic groups.
Conference organizers hope the pledges will be paid over a three-year period to aid reconstruction in Gaza, which borders Israel and Egypt. Both countries have blockaded Gaza since Hamas took power there in 2007, causing the territory of 1.8 million people economic hardship and high unemployment.
Donors plan to funnel the aid through Abbas' Palestinian Authority, bypassing Hamas. Abbas and Hamas recently formed a national unity government, and its deputy prime minister, Mohammed Mustafa, acknowledged there would difficulties for the funds to arrive quickly and be appropriated.
The Western-backed Abbas told the delegates that the latest Gaza war caused “tragedies that are difficult to be described by words. … Entire neighbourhoods have been reduced to rubble.”
He said the Palestinian government “will carry out the reconstruction plan with full responsibility and transparency in coordination with the U.N., the donors, international financial institutions, civil society and the private sector.”
Leading participants said Gaza's reconstruction cannot be done in isolation from efforts to revive Israeli-Palestinian peace talks on a lasting settlement.
“We must not lose sight of the root causes of the recent hostilities: A restrictive occupation that has lasted almost half a century, the continued denial of Palestinian rights and the lack of tangible progress in peace negotiations,” said U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who later announced he would visit Gaza on Tuesday.
“I call on all parties to come together to chart a clear course toward a just and final peace,” Ban said. “Going back to the status quo is not an option; this is the moment for transformational change.”
The latest conflict in Gaza was the most ruinous of the three wars, killing more than 2,000 Palestinians – mostly civilians, the U.N. said. Another 11,000 were wounded, and some 100,000 people are homeless.
Kerry told delegates that Gazans “need our help desperately – not tomorrow, not next week, but they need it now.” He said the new U.S. money, which nearly doubles American aid to the Palestinians this year, would go to security, economic development, food and medicine, and shelter, water and sanitation projects.
He later stressed at a news conference the need to move beyond aid by addressing the underlying causes of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
“Israel clearly has a right to be deeply concerned about rockets and tunnels, and security of its citizens,” he said. “And Palestinians have a right to be concerned about day-to-day life and their rights and their future aspirations to have a state.”
Kerry mediated the failed peace negotiations earlier this year. He said the talks had made “significant progress” in some areas and left everyone with a clear picture of what both sides need for a peace agreement.
“We are going to continue to push,” Kerry said without elaborating.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, whose government negotiated the cease-fire that ended the war, said the reconstruction effort hinged on a “permanent calm” between Hamas and Israel, and required the exercise of “full authority” by the Palestinian Authority led by Abbas.
Cairo's relations with Hamas have been tense since Egypt's military ousted Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in July 2013 and threw its weight behind Abbas.
El-Sissi said the conference sent a message that “the status quo must not continue, cannot be returned to, and that any attempt to bring about temporary stability will not last long.”
“I tell the Israelis, both citizens and government: The time has come to end the conflict without further delay, to grant rights and establish justice so that prosperity and security can prevail,” he said.
Abbas used the conference to warn that the failure to reach a peace deal posed a threat to regional stability.
“Israel's aggression on the Gaza Strip exposed the fragility and dangerous nature of the situation in our region in the absence of a just peace,” Abbas said. He urged the international community to support his bid to get the U.N. Security Council to dictate the ground rules for any future talks with Israel, including a deadline for an Israeli withdrawal from Palestinian lands.
EU negotiator Catherine Ashton appeared to back the arguments of Ban, Abbas and el-Sissi.
“I want to stress one more time that the solution for Gaza cannot be found in Gaza alone,” she said. “Only a credible resumption of the peace negotiations can allow for a durable solution to the current crisis.
“This must be the last time in which the international community is called upon to rebuild Gaza,” she added.
When British Archbishop John Sentamu (pictured below) isn't busy slamming gay rights or denouncing atheists, he likes to lecture people about fairness. Easy to do… I mean, who doesn't like fairness, right?
Sentamu, the second-highest authority in the Church of England, confidently trained his sights on tax avoiders the other day:
Tax avoidance is “sinful” and tantamount to robbery, one of the UK's most senior clerics has said as G8 leaders prepare to discuss the issue. Dr. John Sentamu, the Archbishop of York, told the BBC that individuals and companies needed to be held accountable for their actions when it came to tax. Tax avoidance was hindering efforts to tackle hunger and malnutrition in developing countries, he suggested.
The bishop is specifically talking about tax avoidance (which isn't illegal), not tax evasion (which is). Basically, if you hire an expensive accountant to help you figure out how to pay not a penny more than you're obligated to, that's tax avoidance (a.k.a. tax planning); no problem. But if Amazon or Apple or Walmart do the same thing, that's evasion, and it's an outrage.
I kid (kind of). We'll leave the political discussion for another time. Suffice it to say that Archbishop Sentamu simply wants everyone to pay their fair share, most especially big multinational entities. People and businesses who aggressively try to minimize their tax bite are criminals, the 64-year-old prelate thundered.
Those not paying their full tax liabilities are “not only robbing the poor of what they could be getting, they are actually robbing God, because God says ‘bring into my store house all the tithes'. So if God has told us to be just, to walk humbly and to be merciful and then we behave in a very strange way — God is being robbed, the world is being robbed, your neighbor is being robbed.”
Tax minimizers are also killing kids, he added:
“They (companies) should have a conscience which says that a child is dying tonight because of some of their actions,” he said.
You know what they say about how, when you point a finger, three of your digits are pointing back at you?
For each of those fingers, here's a data point that His Excellence might like to contemplate:
1) The Church of England, which has yearly revenues of well over a billion pounds ($1,570,000,000), is given huge tax breaks on major repairs to its buildings. It also receives grants from the Historic Buildings and Monuments Commission for England (English Heritage), and proceeds from the National Lottery. The state Anglican Church is one of Britain's biggest landowners, with 112,000 acres. Regional Church organizations own more land; the Diocese of Oxford, for instance, holds 6,000 acres in its portfolio. Donations to the Church, which account for roughly half of its income, are tax-deductible, despite an ultra-fat investment portfolio that the New York Times recently estimated to be worth some £8,000,000,000.
You'd think that church authorities would be pretty chuffed about the largesse they receive from the citizenry, but you'd be wrong. When, last year, they were asked by the U.K. Treasury to pretty please pay value-added tax (VAT) on alterations to churches and parish houses, spokesmen for the church were up in arms, blustering that their poor institution could ill afford it and that such a request was a dunderheaded affront.
I wonder why the archbishop wasn't insisting then that “all must pay their fair share.”
2) His cousins in the Catholic Church enjoy lavish tax advantages all over the world, and they display the exact same sense of entitlement about it. No financial concession is ever enough, and every tax obligation is potentially an attack on God's people. For instance, the Vatican took illegal tax exemptions on thousands of buildings from 2006 to 2011. When Italy's fiscal authorities got ready to send a bill, indignant padres took their protest to the European Commission last year; and though no one seriously disputed that the Catholic Church did in fact owe billions of euros, the Commission members decided it would be too hard to arrive at an exact number… and forgave the entire debt.
If archbishop Sentamu condemned the Vatican's tax-evasion chutzpah, I guess I missed it.
3) The Church of England fought an 18-year legal battle against the owners of a farm in Warwickshire, eventually extracting £230,000 from Gail and Andrew Wallbank in 2009. The Church's case rested entirely on a 16th-century feudal law, long considered dead, which held that certain landowners, no matter their religious beliefs, must help pay for the upkeep of Anglican churches. After the matter was decided, at least a quarter of Anglican dioceses began looking for ways to screw private-property owners in the same manner.
No worries from the archbishop, apparently, despite his professed commitment to “financial fairness.”
If His Excellence is going to voice his concerns about numbers and morality, I'd like to suggest that he take these numbers to heart: 40, 1.6, and 19:21. Let me explain.
40:
Forty percent of those polled [in a survey commissioned by Britain's Sunday Times] said they did not trust priests, vicars and other clergy to tell the truth, and overall doctors, teachers and judges were rated as more trustworthy.
1.6:
That's the percentage of Britons who attend an Anglican church on any given Sunday. Is it “fair” to give the so-called State Church massive benefits paid for by all taxpayers if only one in 63 citizens care enough to show up for Sunday service?
Matthew 19:21:
Jesus answered, “If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.”
I wonder how many of those poor children archbishop Sentamu cares so much about could be saved by even just a fraction of the Church's impressive wealth.
According to a recent survey, people love living in Fruita.
The city sent out surveys to every home over the summer and the results were released this week.
City Manager Mike Bennett said more than 95 percent of people rated the overall quality of Fruita as 'excellent' or 'very good.' Meanwhile, 84 percent rated the overall quality of services provided as 'excellent' or 'very good.;
Those two categories put Fruita a notch above other cities. The average of Fruita's overall satisfaction rating was 35 percent above all U.S. cities, Bennett said.
It's a number that doesn't really surprise Aaron Knapp, who works at Hot Tomato.
"You feel this community and see everyone stoked about the parts that represent them,” Knapp said.
While the numbers are great overall Knapp does see room for improvement, like opportunities for more restaurant and nightlife.
The survey also shows what people want the city to focus on.
"That ended up being the quality of city streets, and effectiveness of communication between the city and the public, and the flow of traffic and congestion in the city,” said Bennett.
With this information, the city knows where to put its resources.
"We will continue to see the satisfaction levels increase and continue to provide a high level of service,” said Bennett.
The last survey was completed in 2013, and this year's survey shows that satisfaction ratings increased in nearly all of the areas since then.
Out of the 4,700 surveys sent out, the city said it got 872 back. Their goal was 400.
During Amazon Studios' latest pilot season, The Man In The High Castle became the most-watched since the original series development program began. Amazon has now greenlit a full season of the drama from Frank Spotnitz. It has also picked up full seasons of hour-long dark comedy Mad Dogs, from Shawn Ryan; docu-series The New Yorker Presents; and kids shows Just Add Magic, and The Stinky & Dirty Show. The new series will premiere exclusively for Prime Instant members in the U.S., UK and Germany later this year and into 2016.
Additionally, Amazon picked up freshman comedy Mozart in the Jungle for a second season, making it the second series in a row to go to Season 2, along with Transparent.
The newly picked up projects were part of Amazon's first pilot season of 2015, which also included hourlong pilots Cocked from Samuel Baum and Sam Shaw and Point Of Honor from Carlton Cuse and Randall Wallace as well as half-hour pilots Down Dog from Robin Schiff and Salem Rogers from Will Graham and Lindsey Stoddart and kids pilots Buddy: Tech Detective, Sara Saves It, Table 58 and Niko and the Sward of Light. Of them, we hear only Salem Rogers remains in contention with an order for a second script.
The Mad Dogs pickup marks the 10th pilot directed by Charles McDougall to go to series and the sixth in a row. Here are details about Amazon's newest original series:
The Man In The High Castle is based on Philip K. Dick's alternative history novel in which Nazi Germany and Japan were the victors of World War II. Almost 20 years later, much of the globe has been split between the two countries. But tension is mounting for the Axis powers, and the stress is playing out in the U.S. where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names. (Check out a clip below.)
The drama pilot starred Alexa Davalos (Mob City), Luke Kleintank (Pretty Little Liars), Rupert Evans (The Village), Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (Mortal Kombat Legacy), Joel De La Fuente (Hemlock Grove), Rufus Sewell (Eleventh Hour) and DJ Qualls (Z Nation). David Semel directed and exec produced with X-Files alum Spotnitz. Ridley Scott and David W. Zucker are also exec producers with co-executive producer Jordan Sheehan of Scott Free. Executive Producers for Headline Pictures are Stewart Mackinnon and Christian Baute. Isa Dick Hackett will also executive produce and Kalen Egan will co-executive produce on behalf of Electric Shepherd (the production arm of Dick's estate). Christopher Tricarico is also executive producer.
Mad Dogs is an hour-long dark comedy/drama from Cris Cole (The Good Times Are Killing Me), and Shawn Ryan (The Shield). Based on the UK original, Mad Dogs follows the reunion of a group of underachieving forty-something friends in a Belizean villa where grudges begin to emerge and secrets explode as their trip becomes a labyrinthine nightmare of lies, deception and murder. The pilot starred Steve Zahn, Billy Zane, Romany Malco, Michael Imperioli and Ben Chaplin. It was directed by Charles McDougall (The Good Wife) who is an exec producer with Cole, Ryan, Marney Hochman (Last Resort), Andy Harries (Strikeback) and Suzanne Mackie (Kinky Boots). It's co-produced with Sony Pictures Television.
The New Yorker Presents is Amazon's first docu-series which brings the magazine to life. The pilot featured a short film starring Alan Cumming and Brett Gelman; a documentary by Jonathan Demme; and an interview with performance artist, Marina Abramović. The half-hour series is exec produced by Alex Gibney, Dave Snyder (Death Row Stories) and Dawn Ostroff (The Fashion Fund). The pilot was co-produced by Condé Nast Entertainment and Gibney's Jigsaw Productions.
The kids series going forward are Just Add Magic, for the 6-11 set, and The Stinky & Dirty Show, for preschoolers. Magic is based on Cindy Callaghan's YA book and adapted by Joanna Lewis & Kristine Songco (Sullivan & Son). The single-camera live-action pilot was directed by Joe Nussbaum (George Lucas In Love) and centers on Kelly Quinn and her two BFF's, who stumble upon her grandmother's mysterious cookbook in the attic and discover it has some magical recipes. The project stars Olivia Sanabia (Extant), Abby Donnelly (Suburgatory), Aubrey Miller (Austin & Ally), and Judah Bellamy (Home).
The Stinky & Dirty Show, based on the Stink! book series by Kate & Jim McMullan, is written by Guy Toubes (The Adventures Of Chuck & Friends) and animated by Brown Bag Films (Peter Rabbit). It follows the adventures and mishaps faced by best friends and unlikely heroes, Stinky the garbage truck and Dirty, the backhoe loader.
The Man In The High Castle Clip:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_Y697LmYiI
The South Korean government recently announced plans to reduce a tax incentive for businesses investing in automation. While it aims to help human workers, it sends mixed signals.
Video: Scared of automation? You may be in the minority A recent survey found that more than three quarters of workers aren't worried about losing their job to automation.
In order to curb the expected human impact of automation, the South Korean government plans to limit the tax break available to businesses, as reported by the Korea Times.
While not officially a "robot tax," the two percent drop in the available deduction can be seen as a policy with similar intentions: Limit the benefits of automating and the growth of automation will slow down.
No country in the world has yet implemented a tax on robots. The EU considered it in early 2017, but the proposal was roundly rejected. That rejection hasn't ended the debate on taxing automation—even Bill Gates has made his favor of the issue known.
Why South Korea's proposal isn't a robot tax
If enacted into law, South Korea's indirect robot tax would be the first of its kind. To call it a robot tax is a bit misleading though, since it doesn't impose any extra taxes on the purchase or operation of machines that replace human workers.
The current state of South Korea's automation incentives is a tax deduction of three to seven percent for businesses investing in automation. That incentive is due to expire this year, and the proposal would extend it until 2019 while reducing the rate by two percent.
SEE: Ebook—How to automate the enterprise (TechRepublic)
ZDNet reports that the policy change is "a kind of formal acknowledgment that unemployment [due to automation] is coming on a big enough scale to eat into South Korea's tax revenue." Yet despite that looming tax crisis, the incentive is being extended, albeit at a slightly reduced rate.
To summarize, South Korea is afraid of losing tax revenue to automation, so it's trying to slow it down by extending a tax cut that's due to expire. The policy is in no way a tax on robots—it's merely an extension and reduction of a tax incentive that will soon expire.
If anything, the South Korean government is simply kicking the tax crisis can down the road two more years while still giving businesses incentives to reduce their human workforce.
What the future of automation may look like
If South Korea's proposal does anything, it raises alarm bells about a coming crisis in tax revenue. In the US, for example, payroll tax and income tax make up 81% of federal tax revenue. Both will decline as automation increases, and the government will need to make up for the loss of revenue somehow.
Bill Gates proposes taxing automation in a similar way to income: If a robot displaces a worker that made $50,000, the company will have to pay a tax that would make up for the loss of payroll and income tax. It's a contentious issue for sure.
SEE: Machine Learning and Data Science eBook and Course Bundle (TechRepublic Academy)
Arguments have been made that taxing capital (like robots) will lead to businesses offsetting profit loss by lowering wages and raising prices. Others say a robot tax is an essential part of retraining workers who lose jobs to automation.
Without a working example, or at least a trial, of this kind of shift in taxation it's hard to predict how it will turn out. There is a certain inevitability to the issue though, and South Korea may be the canary in the coal mine for the tax crisis that automation will cause.
Just don't call South Korea's incentive a robot tax.
Next Big Thing Newsletter Be in the know about smart cities, AI, Internet of Things, VR, autonomous driving, drones, robotics, and more of the coolest tech innovations. Delivered Wednesdays and Fridays Sign up today
Also see
Please find enclosed Alabama Public Radio's entry for best lifestyle radio feature, titled “Alabama Midwives Wait In the Shadows.”
Since 1975, the practice of midwifery has been outlawed in Alabama, with violators facing fines or jail time. This, despite the fact Alabama has one of the highest infant mortality rates in the nation, and only sixteen of the state's fifty four rural counties have hospitals that can deliver a baby. Some midwives continue to practice illegally with families that travel to Tennessee, Florida, or Mississippi to give birth.
Alabama Public Radio networked with midwife support groups for three months to gain their confidence and arrange the opportunity to go “behind the scenes” of this illegal practice. I interviewed a midwife and two expectant families during routine check-ups, while state lawmakers debated whether to legalize midwifery. Within days of the airing of our feature, Governor Kay Ivey signed the bill, permitting midwives to practice for the first time in forty years.
Respectfully submitted,
Pat Duggins
News Director
Alabama Public Radio
It looks like the 2017 legislative session ended with big news for expectant mothers in Alabama. After thirteen years of lobbying, lawmakers voted to let midwives can come out of the shadows and practice legally in the state. APR's Pat Duggins has more as midwives wait for Governor Kay Ivey's signature to make it all official…
Best News Feature-- "Alabama Midwives Wait To Come Out Of The Shadows"
We're heading into a collection of shops in downtown Cullman. While business as usual takes place downstairs, something else is going on upstairs. A midwife is at work. Karen Brock uses a hand held heart monitor on today's clients. James Parker Nelson and his wife Holly are expecting their fourth child. And, Holly says before you ask, yes, they're repeat customers and so is their extended family…
“Well, this midwife delivered my husband's…two of his siblings. So, we had already heard about her, and she knew his family. And, I guess people who know midwives…I think she comes highly recommended. We all love her!”
And, Brock says her resume comes with a specific skill set, when things go routinely, and when they don't… “I can resuscitate a baby, I'm certified in infant and neonatal resuscitation. Thankfully, I very seldom need it. Healthy moms…healthy babies are meant to live. And you don't often need those emergency techniques or skills.”
But, up to now, state law says it's a misdemeanor for a midwife to attend a birth in Alabama. Today's exam includes things like nutrition. Husband James says that's where he comes in. “You remember what she ate over the past couple of weeks, or so. So I help fill in the gaps there. Make sure everything…make sure everything…remembering those different areas of life, all those things we're gonna be doing, so those decisions we'll make all jibe together.”
There was more than a little talk about politics during today's exam along with the pro's and cons of sweet potatoes. Our visit came in the final hours of the legislative session where lawmakers debated a bill legalizing midwifery, yes, that's the term. I asked Brock if even today's coaching session was legal. She just shrugged her shoulders.
After Holly and James wrap up and head out, James' brother Phillip and his wife Macauley come in for their exam. It's their first visit with baby number two on the way—but Brock handled baby number one. Macauley says after having a midwife, she's never choose a hospital experience…
“Lay on the bed, put your legs up…with every woman being different with how they labor. And, so the freedom of just laboring however your body is telling you to is really comforting…with a midwife specifically.”
But, Phillip and Macauley know from firsthand experience how dicey using a midwife in Alabama can be. Since their first delivery happened during the state's ban on midwives, they had to drive to Tennessee where it was legal. The process means going to what's called a birthing house where their midwife oversees the process. Macauley says that took two hours…
“It seems like four hours when you're in labor…like, we're never gonna there.”
And, they almost didn't for baby number one. Phillip says he and Macauley headed north when she went into labor. Brock followed in a separate car… “They left and then a wreck happened. And they were stuck and that wreck took seven hours for people to get through.”
That meant Macauley faced the possibility of going through the big event, without the midwife she was used to. Phillip says it got tense in the car…and he means tense for him…
“I'm just hoping she'd get there, because I didn't want to deliver the baby, I didn't know what I was doing!”
“My mom was there with us as well," said Macauley. "And she kept saying ‘we're going to have to deliver this baby,' she jumps to the whole…she wants to be active in the situation. But, she jumps to the extreme.”
Brock detoured around the accident and arrived in time. It's a story with a happy ending now, but Brock says it points to more serious issue in Alabama. Namely, the state's infant mortality rate which leads the nation.. “We go neck and neck with Mississippi, and it's not because of midwives. Midwives could help the situation.”
Phillip says he and Macauley are choosing the natural child birth route. But, if they had to go to a hospital, they say it would be worse… “To the hospital in Birmingham, it would take an hour and a forty minute, I believe. It would longer than going to Tennessee for us, because I have to travel a lot longer distance to get there.”
The Parkers live in Lawrence County, and getting obstetrical care is a growing problem in rural areas. Only twenty nine of Alabama's sixty seven counties have hospitals that can handle a birth, and rural families routinely face a drive of fifty miles or more to get help. More and more hospitals in Alabama are closing their birthing units as a cost cutting measure.
For Karen Brock, the notion of finally coming out of the shadows as a midwife means carrying on a family tradition. Her grandmother was one… “I remember her doing one birth that I could actually remember. So, mostly for me being one of the younger granddaughters, Alabama had stopped midwifes at that time.” But, legality could also mean losing sleep. “The part that would be a lot easier for me is helping these moms because they call in the middle of the night, and ‘is this labor?' If I could just run to their house, and say ‘oh, yes, this is labor' or no it's not, or whatever. That would be very beneficial. I'd have happier moms.”
And not just the moms and dads… “And grandparents I may say," says Brock. "Because I'm doing a whole lot of second generation families. And those grandparents are very angry that they're watching their daughters or sons have load up and drive off to Tennessee, and they're not happy at all with it. It would be a happier, less stressful situation for everybody.”
And, with a stroke of the pen by Governor Kay Ivey, this grandma's and grandpa's can be there to hand out cigars with births closer to home with midwives in charge.
Reston Town Center's paid parking system for visitors and some employees will go into effect on Sept. 12, Boston Properties officials said on Tuesday.
Boston Properties is encouraging visitors to download the ParkRTC App and familiarize themselves with the system now in order to make a smooth transition next month.
When the system goes into effect, visitors will pay $2 an hour (maximum $24 daily) in RTC's seven garages and street rates of $3 an hour (free on Sundays). There will be many opportunities for validation from retailers, but that is still being finalized. Retailers who have confirmed they will offer validation include:
Bow Tie Cinemas
Crunch Fitness
Barcelona Wine Bar
Bartaco
Community Canteen
CVS Pharmacy
Mon Ami Gabi
Jackson's Mighty Fine Food & Lucky Lounge
PassionFish
Garage parking will be free on weekends and during special events.
“We realize moving from a free to a paid parking model gives some pause,” Peter Johnston, BP's Executive Vice President for the DC Region, said in a statement. “However, Reston Town Center leadership continually focuses on strategies to enhance customer convenience, safety and the overall quality of life. The technological integration is an enormous step in advancing both of these historical and very worthwhile goals.”
The app, which is free to download from iTunes or Google Play, will enable visitors to see available spaces, pay for a parking session, extend a parking session, and receive discounts from retailers.
If you download the app between now and Oct. 1, you will be entered into a raffle to win one of 10 $500 RTC shopping sprees.
Boston Properties has also teamed with LiveSafe, a mobile safety system that is currently being used on more than 100 college campuses, as well as other business areas.
Visitors can access LiveSafe from the ParkRTC app. Through it, they can report suspicious activity or issues (i.e., found items, trash situations, light outages) to the RTC security office, which will monitor messages in real time.
LiveSafe can also communicate messages about an emergency situation, says LiveSafe Director of Partnerships Anne Cynamon. For instance, if there were a tornado warning during a weekend festival at RTC, visitors with the app in a certain radius would get an emergency message with instructions.
LiveSafe will have the option to report suspicious or criminal activity anonymously. Rob Weinhold, an RTC spokesman for the parking rollout, says security officials “won't engage in profiling. But if they get more information and tips, they will be able to triage information to determine what warrants a response.”
Users can also access 911 or the RTC Security office on speed dial (or speed texting), as well as contact a friend for a virtual escort or RTC security for an actual escort back to their car.
RTC officials said a user's location will only be used by security personnel if a user accesses one of the emergency options buttons.
RTC announced several months ago it would go to a paid system this summer in order to cut down on abuse by commuters, who are leaving cars there all day and hopping a shuttle to the Silver Line's Wiehle-Retson East station.
The move has been met with considerable backlash from the community, as well as from some retailers who say they cannot afford validation to come out of their own bottom line.
Laura McNulty, a BP Senior Vice President Property, said BP had 405 meetings with tenants in the last several months. BP has since offered free parking to retail employees. Office tenants will also have a ticketless system to add visitors' license plates (say a client or someone coming to the office for a meeting) temporarily to the tenant's paid parking list.
“Right now, [complaints] are about the principal of going to pay parking,” she said. “Our hope is that since we are not charging on key event days and holidays, we are hoping at a minimum people [who say they will stay away] will still come to Reston Town Center on non-paid days, and maybe someday will be comfortable with the application and validation.”
Watch for upcoming posts on Reston Now on how validation and enforcement will work.
Tails, The Amnesic Incognito Live System, version 1.1.1, is out.
All users must upgrade as soon as possible: this release fixes numerous security issues.
Download it now.
Changes
Notable user-visible changes include:
Security fixes Upgrade the web browser to 24.8.0esr-0+tails1~bpo70+1 (Firefox 24.8.0esr + Iceweasel patches + Torbrowser patches). Add an I2P boot parameter. Without adding "i2p" to the kernel command line, I2P will not be accessible for the Live user. I2P was also upgraded to 0.9.14.1-1~deb7u+1, and stricter firewall rules are applied to it, among other security enhancements. Upgrade Tor to 0.2.4.23-2~d70.wheezy+1 (fixes CVE-2014-5117). Upgrade Linux to 3.14.15-2 (fixes CVE-2014-3534, CVE-2014-4667 and CVE-2014-4943). Prevent dhclient from sending the hostname over the network (ticket #7688). Override the hostname provided by the DHCP server (ticket #7769).
Bugfixes Don't ship OpenJDK 6: I2P prefers v7, and we don't need both (ticket #7807). Prevent Tails Installer from updating the system partition properties on MBR partitions (ticket #7716).
Minor improvements Upgrade to Torbutton 1.6.12.1. Install gnome-user-guide (ticket #7618). Install cups-pk-helper (ticket #7636). Update the SquashFS sort file, which should speed up boot from DVD (ticket #6372). Compress the SquashFS more aggressively (ticket #7706) which should make the Tails ISO image smaller.
See the online Changelog for technical details.
Known issues
Longstanding known issues.
I want to try it or to upgrade!
Go to the download page.
What's coming up?
The next Tails release is scheduled for October 14.
Have a look to our roadmap to see where we are heading to.
Do you want to help? There are many ways you can contribute to Tails. If you want to help, come talk to us!
Support and feedback
For support and feedback, visit the Support section on the Tails website.
← Sidebar
May 1 is a holiday in many countries around the world and is known as Labor and Spring Day in present Russia. In the USSR it was celebrated as International Workers Day.
May 1, 1886, socialist, communist and anarchist organizations in the U.S. and Canada staged a series of rallies and demonstrations. May 4, 1886, six people were killed when the police broke up one of these demonstrations in Chicago.
If you have worked well – you will have good rest
In the ensuing mass protests in the bombing and shootings several policemen and workers were killed.
After being convicted of the bombing, four workers were sentenced to be hanged. In memory of those executed the Paris Congress of the Second International (July 1889) announced May 1 – the Day of Solidarity of workers around the world.
In the USSR, it was one of the most important holidays of the year, and of course the Soviet propaganda could not ignore it.
May 1 in the West. The world capital wants to suppress the revolutionary upsurge of the proletariat by blood of the workers. But its efforts are futile: The Social Revolution is coming!
In Soviet Russia – building the new economy
Abroad – strike. The fight for Soviet power
The workers have nothing to lose but their chains, and they will gain the whole world
Workers of the world unite!
Long live the international workers day May 1! Long live the world proletarian alliance of the Communist International!
May 1 – the day of international proletarian solidarity
The revolutionary forces of the world proletariat
May 1 greetings to glorious athletes of our motherland!
Tags: posters · propaganda · Soviet past
<< Northern Lights in the sky over Karelia
Unique photos of the first Soviet cosmonauts on a picnic >>
No comments yet.
Underground bunker dubbed the 'crazy cave' where 600 workers process government pensions by HAND - and one case takes 61 days!
Six hundred workers are processing government pension papers in an underground bunker entirely by hand in a staggering example of state inefficiency that is costing taxpayers millions.
Staff at what has been dubbed the ‘Crazy Cave' take up to 61 days just to deal with one single case because of the archaic process that is the same speed as 37 years ago.
Each file is sent in on paper, entered into a computer, printed out on paper - and then put back into a computer again.
Endless: The underground cavern where hundreds of workers process government forms by hand
Bosses have been asking for things to be automated since 1979 but nothing has been done despite $100m being spent to see if it was possible.
The cave is so badly run that the cost of processing each claim - at least 100,000 a year - has even increased from $82 to $108 over the years.
Federal retirees also suffer because it takes months for them to get their benefit cheques whereas it should take a matter of days.
The cave is located in Boyers, PA, and in its report the Washington Post called it the ‘sinkhole of bureaucracy', noting that among government workers in America it has taken on the status of a near urban myth.
The site sits 230ft below the surface and is a room the size of a supermarket with enough space for cabinets that can house 28,000 files.
The US government bought it in 1958 to hold personnel files that were being relocated and leased the site after it had been developed by a private company.
Highly secretive: The 'crazy cave' is tucked away in a secluded spot in rural Pennsylvania Today it is owned by Iron Mountain, which has other caverns in the same mountain that it uses to store old Hollywood film reels.
James W. Morrison Jr., who was in charge of the cave during the Reagan administration, said: ‘The need for automation was clear - in 1981.
‘After a year, I thought, ‘God, my reputation will be ruined if we don't fix this''.
After being told that it still relies on paper, he said: ‘Wow'.
The Washington Post reported that the process begins when a federal retiree files his papers to get his or her pension.
Once it arrives in the mine, the papers are matched up with their records then scanned into a digital archive.
The documents are printed out again and put back in the files before staff go through the lengthy process of chasing up any missing information with various government agencies.
When everything is in place workers then put all the new documents back into the digitized version.
Bonnie McCandless, the president of the mine's local trade union, said: ‘You can do a case in as little as an hour, or you can do a case as long as eight hours, or two days.'
An armada: The trucks full of paperwork come down the remote country road leading to the cave every day
On average one case takes at least 61 days, which is the same amount of time it took back in 1977.
State retirement systems are much quicker because they are digitized - Texas takes just two days to complete the process and California teachers get their done in 23 days.
Officials say that the job is complex because it involves navigating decades of pension rules and that government departments take a long time to provide information.
Yet incredibly the number of staff working in the mine has increased by at least 200 people in the past five years.
Patty DeCaria, 57, who retired last year after 38 years in the mine, said that people tend to stay put there for decades.
She said: ‘Nobody up there goes on to another job. You can work Monday through Friday, 8 to 5. . . . There's mostly overtime, if you want it.
‘They're really flexible about using leave. People don't leave Boyers'.
In a statement Office of Personnel Management Director Katherine Archuleta admitted that things needed to change.
People involved in the Love Story!! (Ore Monogatari!!) television anime revealed that this anime based on Kazune Kawahara and Aruko's original manga will premiere on NTV and its affiliates next spring. The staff also released a key visual for the anime series. The January 2015 issue of Kodansha's Bessatsu Margaret magazine will announce more details when it ships on December 13.
Viz Media is publishing the shōjo romantic comedy manga in North America, and it describes the story:
Takeo Gōda is a giant guy with a giant heart. Too bad the girls don't want him! (They want his good-looking best friend, Sunakawa.) Used to being on the sidelines, Takeo simply stands tall and accepts his fate. But one day when he saves a girl named Yamato from a harasser on the train, his (love!) life suddenly takes an incredible turn!
Kawahara first debuted the original 100-page version of the story in an issue of Bessatsu Margaret Sister in October 2011, but the manga then returned in Bessatsu Margaret as a serialized work. Shueisha is published the seventh compiled book volume last month, and Viz is publishing the third volume in January.
The series won Best Shojo Manga at the 37th Kodansha Manga Awards last year. It also received a two-chapter crossover with Naoshi Komi's Nisekoi: False Love manga in both Weekly Shonen Jump and Bessatsu Margaret last year. (Viz published the "boys' side" chapter in its version of Weekly Shonen Jump.)
Kawahara's other manga include High School Debut, which Viz also publishes in North America. JManga announced Aruko's Yasuko and Kenji manga before it stopped service.
Source: Mainichi Shimbun's Mantan Web
To transport wine and olive oil from Madrid to Yiwu, China, via the ambitious “One Belt, One Road” project, Spanish producers need to wrap bottles in thermal blankets to protect them from the cold of the Russian tundra—or else their products will freeze and explode.
“The train containers aren't heated or refrigerated,” César Jiménez, from Kerry Logistics in Madrid, explained to Quartz.
Even then, the thermal blankets can only keep the temperature of products within 10 degrees Celsius of the outside cold or heat, Jiménez said. Because most of the cargo coming from Spain to China is food and beverages, which are sensitive to temperature changes, that means the rail line is only an option in the mild weather of spring and autumn.
And that's providing the exporting companies can pay the €2,000 price per container—far more than what it costs to ship products by sea.
In November 2014, China expanded an old cargo train line that linked Germany to China to transport car components to Spain, creating a 13,000 km railway with the aim of increasing exports from China and bringing Spanish food to Chinese consumers. The trip takes 18 days, crossing France, Germany, Poland, Belarus, Russia, and Kazakhstan.
It is part of the massive “One Belt, One Road” commercial and military initiative launched by China in late 2013. OBOR, as it is known, includes a maritime route that would link Asia with East Africa and Europe through the Suez Canal; and an inland route following the old Silk Road that would cross Central Asia to Europe.
Reuters Map 1. The Silk Road economic belt and its maritime counterpart.
But Spanish producers aren't embracing it. “It's expensive—the train may be double the price—and it is not suitable for the extreme weather in summer or winter,” Jiménez said.
Only eight trains have traveled east from Madrid from the time the line started until March 2016, while 39 have arrived from China, according to Spanish newspaper El Pais. (Repeated calls to confirm these numbers made to Timex Industrial Investment in Yiwu, which manages the train, weren't answered.) Spanish producers who are using the train told the paper it was because their products would get free advertising on Chinese state television if they did.
Spain's experience highlights some of the on-the-ground flaws of the massive OBOR project, which China is relying on to help keep its economy growing, but has billed as a mutually beneficial development project. OBOR provides “wide and open avenues for us all,” one of the ruling Communist Party's top officials said today (May 18) in Hong Kong.
Some analysts say one of the main reasons China launched the OBOR initiative is to try to find new markets for its domestic overproduction. The project will “build infrastructure in other countries to give Chinese steel and construction materials a commercial use,” explained Roland Vogt, a professor in the European Studies Program at the University of Hong Kong.
The overcapacity problem could be solved by closing down firms in China, but that would eliminate much-needed jobs.
Another major purpose of OBOR is geopolitical, said Chenggang Xu, a professor of economic development at the University of Hong Kong. “For example, some of the key sea routes are seen as controlled by the Americans. If there was a war and a blockade, China would have to rely on the trains,” he said.
China is financing several railway projects along Southeast Asia and Eastern Europe, including a high-speed train from Belgrade to Budapest built by a consortium led by the Chinese Railway Group, on the stipulation that these European countries use products and equipment made in China.
The problem is, there's really no need to use trains to increase commerce between Europe and China. Sea cargo transportation is much cheaper, and companies already rely on it. More than 19,000 containers can be placed on a single cargo ship, and they only take 30 days from Europe to reach China.
The railway's cost is only getting more prohibitive as sea shipping rates go down, thanks to an ongoing glut of shipping capacity.
In fact, shipping rates have fallen this year to historic lows, because of a glut of ships.
Yes, the railway is faster than a shipping container, but is also riskier because it goes through a few unstable countries and can be interrupted by extreme weather, terrorist attacks, and politics, Xu said. “The Russian government is not very happy about the Central Asian link,” he added. “In their view they should dominate Central Asia.”
China is trying to justify its domestic overproduction by creating the “One Belt, One Road,” and framing it as a business strategy that is also beneficial for other nations—but the actual benefit for some trading partners and the long-term global economy is still to be seen.
California Department of Corrections State prison inmates are just as likely to have sexual contact with prison staff as they are with other prisoners, according to a Bureau of Justice Statistics report.
The report found that about 5.3 percent of former state prisoners reported sexual encounters of some kind involving facility staff. Of those, 1.2 percent reported that staff had forced them into the sex acts.
The results, just made available Thursday, come from the first-ever National Former Prisoner Survey, which was conducted between January 2008 and October 2008.
The statistics bureau found that about 5.4 percent of inmates who reported sexual victimization claimed it involved a fellow inmate, and 3.7 percent of those reporting an inmate-on-inmate incident claimed they were forced or pressured into the act.
The Bureau of Justice Statistics found that overall, 9.6 percent of former state prisoners were sexually victimized at least once during their incarceration.
The report came the same day the DOJ released a new rule intended to crack down on prison rape.
Twitter has three days to turn over information about an Occupy Wall Street protester's tweets or face a fine.
The microblogging site has until Friday to produce either the data or its earnings statements for the past two quarters so that New York State Supreme Court Judge Matthew A. Sciarrino Jr. can determine an amount to fine the company, Bloomberg reported. Prosecutors have subpoenaed Twitter to turn over "any and all user information, including e-mail address, as well as any and all tweets" posted by Malcolm Harris, an activist accused of disorderly conduct during an Occupy Wall Street protest last October that resulted in more than 700 arrests.
"I can't put Twitter or the little blue bird in jail, so the only way to punish is monetarily," Sciarrino said.
In June, Sciarrino ordered Twitter to release all of the data from September 15 to December 30, 2011, linked to the "@destructuremal" Twitter account used by Harris, who was arrested during a protest on the Brooklyn Bridge last October. A request to stay the order pending appeal was rejected last week.
Twitter has challenged the subpoenas, saying users own their Twitter data under the site's terms of service. And the social network has maintained this stance throughout these legal proceedings. In May, Twitter's legal counsel Ben Lee said, "Our filing with the court reaffirms our steadfast commitment to defending those rights for our users."
In an August brief, Twitter told a New York appeals court that police failed to comply with the U.S. Constitution's safeguards when trying to access his account and that the court's finding that "tweets are unprotected by the federal and New York constitutions is still erroneous."
Twitter has been joined in its battle by three consumer rights groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and Public Citizen, which filed a "friend of the court" brief, arguing that allowing the government access to an individual's Twitter account information would chill free speech.
However, Sciarrino ordered the data to be surrendered, ruling that Twitter users have no reasonable expectation of privacy because tweets are public.
CNET has contacted Twitter for comment and will update this report when we learn more.
India is coming up with a programme to reduce sugar content across all products, including in colas, betting big on juices, and entering ethnic carbonated drinks, as part of its strategy to offer a larger range of products to the Indian customers.
Speaking to Business Standard, T Krishnakumar, president of India and Southwest Asia, who took over a few months ago, says, “In the next three years, we will expand the distribution of juice so that it is as big as that of sparkling beverages. The idea is to offer customers a greater choice.”
At present, sparkling beverages are available in 2.6 million retail outlets across the country and are available only in 1 million outlets. The firm aims to increase the availability of to 2.6 million outlets.
Krishnakumar expects to generate enough volumes from this strategy to catapult India to be the fifth largest market for the US firm in terms of volumes by 2020. At present, it is at number six.
In the last few quarters, the company has had a tough time with slow volume growth and a major restructuring of the top management. It has also been confronted with increased taxation due to the goods and services tax, which it has not passed on to customers.
On reducing sugar content, Krishnakumar says, “We will announce a programme on reduction of sugar across all our products in three months with clear milestones, so that we can bring it down to global standards.” One way to do so, says Krishnakumar, is the usage of stevia — a natural sweetener — in combination with sugar. He says that while stevia is imported at present, is working with serious players to build a local supply chain for the product. It has already started experimenting with Fanta Fruity Orange in Gujarat – which uses stevia.
As part of its foray into ethnic beverages, has reformulated RimZim — a jal jeera drink that it had bought from Parle many years ago — and testing it for a possible pan-India launch. It is also test marketing a blackcurrant carbonated drink in Tamil Nadu under the Portello brand and working on some other Indian ingredient-based products.
is also expanding its focus in coffee and tea beyond institutional sales through vending machines. It plans to put these machines across the fragmented trade segments, which includes bakeries and small retail outlets, amongst others. In the second stage, it will foray into ready-to-drink coffee and tea.
Krishnakumar says the beverages company will also expand its portfolio of water to include products fortified with salts and minerals. Apart from Aquarius, which has seen an all-India launch, plans are on to introduce two to three more products in the active hydration space.
Fighting game competitors have it so good today versus the '90s.
Cramming into an arcade has been swapped with hotel ballrooms and event centers. Beating the local 7-Eleven champions has been replaced with beating global grand masters. Winning a bracket scores you thousands of dollars as opposed to a slightly used Capcom T-shirt. And watching the best players compete no longer requires having a friend that is willing to hook you up with a fifth generation VHS tape.
Hanging out at TwitchCon underlines how good we have it today, what with the comforts of livestreaming and the legitimacy of esports evolving on a daily basis. With that growth, however, even games with a timeless competitive appeal like Street Fighter need to subtle shifts.
To figure out what those shifts actually are, specifically for Capcom's initiative with Street Fighter V, I spoke with Matt Dahlgren, the director of marketing and esports at Capcom of America.
GamesBeat: What are you doing in relation to Street Fighter V?
Matt Dahlgren: I've been a part of the fighting-game team for many years now, and Street Fighter is actually unique because it is owned by Capcom USA. So we have a very large fighting team structure that is in place there that handles everything, from our product marketing to our licensing business. There are also some levels of development oversight as well, so if there is anything that has to do with Street Fighter as a brand, I am involved in it at some capacity.
GamesBeat: You mentioned Street Fighter V is a Capcom of America product?
Dahlgren: Yeah, it's owned by Capcom of America, yet it's still developed out of Japan. It's just that one [Capcom of America] office owns the rights to everything. So, we're still a Japanese company as a whole … and the game is still being developed by Capcom in conjunction with Dimps out of Japan. But the actual title is owned by the U.S. office.
GamesBeat: About Capcom Pro Tour … now, Evolution is a part of the Capcom Pro Tour.
Dahlgren: It is. They're still an independent organization. But Capcom Pro Tour as a whole is run out of the office.
GamesBeat: What does it take for an independent event to become a part of the Capcom Pro Tour?
Dahlgren: It's pretty much up to our discretion.
We have a very strong team that is built from people who come from the fighting game community. So we look at various tournament organizers and the ones that we feel are really pushing the bar in terms of production capabilities and really trying to rise the fighting scene to new heights, we want to partner up with those.
So when we created the Capcom Pro Tour, we didn't want to come in and basically take over the competitive scene. We wanted to create a structure that provided opportunity for everyone that's involved. So … all of the tournaments, with the exception of Capcom Cup, are still run and are independent organizations, but, we basically tried to band everyone together to tell a better story of what goes on [in the fighting game tournament scene] throughout the year.
GamesBeat: I was really active in the fighting game scene up until around when the Capcom Cup came into play. For people like me that haven't been keeping up, can you explain the structure? It sounds like a joint ladder system?
Dahlgren: Basically what it is doing [is that] it takes the fighting game scene that has existed for many, many years … and like, all it is doing is taking advantage of the structure and getting everyone to work together to tell a better narrative of what goes on throughout the year.
So now the events are not necessarily competing with each other, they're more working together to tell a larger story.
So the way the Capcom Pro Tour works is we have 32 spots up for grabs to qualify for the Capcom Cup. The Capcom Cup is our year-end finale. We've got 16 premiere events. Anyone that wins a premiere event will automatically qualify for the Capcom Cup.
Then we are partnered with 40 other tournaments on the side, which we call ranking events. They all get ranking points for the top eight placements and then we track those on our leaderboards. That determines our next 15 spots.
Then we automatically invite the previous year's champion, which round up to 32.
GamesBeat: Obviously, this is worldwide
Dahlgren: Yes! We put a lot of effort to make sure Capcom Pro Tour is a globally minded league. We split up the premiere events and ranking events evenly per territory, so North America, Europe, and Asia all have the same amount of points. Then for the remaining category we split those up into either emerging markets or events we consider to be global.
Like EVO brings in talent from all over the world, so we consider that a part of our global structure.
GamesBeat: How is Street Fighter V playing into the Capcom Cup? Or perhaps Capcom Cup playing into Street Fighter V? Is one affecting the design of the other?
Dahlgren: I would say, really the Capcom Pro Tour was built for Street Fighter V. We just wanted to launch it earlier [running the Street Fighter IV series] to make sure we got into a good rhythm before Street Fighter V came out.
But Street Fighter V is the first Street Fighter that has been created with esports in mind. We'll be balancing the game during the Capcom Pro Tour to show respect towards the competitive scene. We're also going to have some announcements in the near future as to how the game will tie in directly with the Capcom Pro Tour.
But … Street Fighter V is really the product that we believe is going to help Street Fighter rise as a competitive product and help the fighting game community grow over all.
GamesBeat: Are there any details you can reveal about, or just explain, how Street Fighter V is being designed for esports?
Dahlgren: Well … hrm … OK, I can tell you this. So, the Capcom Pro Tour starts in March and ends in December, right?
GamesBeat: Right?
Dahlgren: So when we're looking at rebalancing things, that's our season that we're going to build around. The beginning of spring is where we would make any kind of drastic changes, to kind of work things out for the season. We'll make sure to not do any significant balance adjustments before a huge event like an EVO or a Capcom Cup.
So this is just one example of how the game itself is going to … evolve … with the Capcom Pro Tour.
GamesBeat: Hmmm.
Dahlgren: And that's just the beginning. We have a lot of concepts that we're putting together. We know online play is going to be a really huge focus for Street Fighter, so we want to make sure there are online components to the Capcom Pro Tour.
Things will make a lot more sense and layer together in the very near future.
GamesBeat: So I run tournaments myself, and I know several other tournament organizers run into this problem as well. One thing I have a concern with when I look at Street Fighter V is the DLC and unlockable characters. If I have, say, four or five PlayStation 4s, it's a potential pain in the ass to have to unlock all of that stuff, just to ensure that my competitors can use their characters. Is there any kind of functionality, or plan, to help tournament organizers that face that problem?
Dahlgren: That's definitely been a topic of discussion internally. We want to make sure that our tournament organizers have an easy time running the tournaments themselves. We don't have a solution to announce just yet, but, we will be in talks with tournament organizers so that they don't have to essentially purchase all the content themselves.
How far wide-reaching we're going to be is still to be determined, but it is definitely a conversation point and something we need to solve.
GamesBeat: We're here at TwitchCon. Is there anything you guys have going on with Street Fighter V, Capcom, and Twitch?
Dahlgren: We're a huge partner with Twitch. Capcom Pro Tour is actually a 50/50 joint effort between Capcom and Twitch. We have a lot of discussions with them. We're definitely having talks and trying to make sure we can implement whatever functionality they're focusing on, in our game.
I mean, livestreaming as a whole is really responsible for the growth in esports in the last few years. So, we definitely value Twitch as a platform and want to keep investing in that and keep livestreaming growing.
GamesBeat: I have a lot of other questions, but they're all stuff you likely can't answer. Such as, well, are we going to see Blanka coming out in Brazil?
Dahlgren: [Laughs] We will have a character announcement in Brazil, but I can't tell you what character it is. But I think our Brazilian fans are going to be very happy.
GamesBeat: So what's up with the next beta phase?
Dahlgren: What I can say is that our next beta phase is going to happen. We'll have more information in the next couple of weeks. This next beta is going to be our largest technical hurdle to overcome. The most amount of features is going to be going into it. This is also our first time testing cross-platform play. We'll also mix the roster up so players get to play different characters than they did the first time around.
But, before we reveal specific details, we want to make sure our plans are solid.
http://challengecointrader.myshopify.com/products/central-intelligence-agency-cia-intelligence-star A 14-year-old girl became the youngest recipient of the CIA's second-highest award in the late 1960s, and she went on to become a successful intelligence officer in adulthood.
It's one of the many fascinating insights gleaned from newly declassified documents as a result of a FOIA lawsuit.
In May 1966, Maureen Devlin was living in the Congo with her parents — her father, Lawrence, was the CIA's station chief — amid civil war and general lawlessness in the capital of Kinshasa. One night, the family had a firsthand encounter with the turmoil.
Maureen was awakened by armed burglars in her bedroom as she pretended to sleep. As she kept up the ruse, the robbers stole a ring and bracelet from her hand, but it wasn't long before she woke.
From "The Youngest Intelligence Star" in the agency's "Studies in Intelligence" journal:
The girl heard the burglars discussing the possibility of harming her. She understood their local language, Lingala, but she did not understand the word rape, only that it was a physical threat. They turned on the lights, and one used a butcher knife to cut her nightgown. She managed to roll over and cover herself with the sheet, still feigning sleep. Her greatest fear at the time was that perhaps the men had already killed her mother and father.
She couldn't pretend to be sleeping any longer after the burglars pricked her neck with the knife. But she acted quickly, speaking their language to tell them they shouldn't harm anyone in the house — and in a genius move to capitalize on local superstition — told them the US embassy had "secret and magic" ways of identifying people who harmed Americans.
Later, after her parents were woken up and put into a corner of the bedroom, the girl's mother talked back to the robbers in French and told them to leave. Maureen, for her part, told the bandits the family had "a dawa," a black-magic spell that would result in the deaths of their wives, children, parents, and others if any harm came to them.
The journal noted the bandits had killed other families under similar circumstances.
"My God, this is the end of us," Lawrence Devlin thought at the time, according to an account in The Washington Times. He knew of the other families found murdered in their bathrooms, but he was able to slam and lock the door.
The robbers eventually gave up and left. They were later captured by police, tried, and executed.
Maureen Devlin received the CIA's second-highest award — the Intelligence Star — for "her quick appraisal of the situation, calm deportment, knowledge and use of the local language, exploitation of local lore, and resolute action," the article says, adding that it "served her well as a teenager, and they continue to do so now in her career as a case officer in the Directorate of Operations."
A 2008 New York Times article also recognized Maureen as having followed her father into the CIA. Her calm during this episode was similar to her father's reaction to a trigger-happy Congolese soldier, who "defused a potentially lethal confrontation by calmly offering the soldier a cigarette."
NOW WATCH: How The Secrets Of The Samurai Can Help You Achieve Laser Focus
Today's customers live in a multi-platform, multi-cloud, multi-OS world – that's just reality. This world brings new challenges and customers need tools to make everything work together. Microsoft is working company-wide to deliver management tools that empower customers to manage any platform, from anywhere, on any device, using Linux or Windows. This shift to a more open, customer-obsessed approach to deliver innovation is one of the things that makes me most excited to come to work every day.
You've heard Satya Nadella say “Microsoft loves Linux” and that's never been more true than now. Nearly one in three VMs on Azure are Linux. Nearly 60 percent of third-party IaaS offers in the Azure Marketplace are open source software (OSS). We have forged strong industry partners to extend choice to our customers. We've announced SQL Server on Linux, as well as open sourced .NET. We added Bash to Windows 10 to make it a great platform for developing OSS. And, we're active contributors and participants to numerous open source projects (e.g. OpenSSH, FreeBSD, Mesos, Docker, Linux and many more) across the industry.
Today, we are taking the next step in our journey. I am extremely excited to share that PowerShell is open sourced and available on Linux. (For those of you who need a refresher, PowerShell is a task-based command-line shell and scripting language built on the .NET Framework to help IT professionals control and automate the administration of the Windows, and now Linux, operating systems and the applications that run on them.) I'm going to share a bit more about our journey getting here, and will tell you how Microsoft Operations Management Suite can enhance the PowerShell experience.
The journey to opening up PowerShell
Let's start the journey to PowerShell on Linux, and an open sourced version with a story…
My customer was upset.
Early in the days of Monad (before it was PowerShell), I gave a demo to an executive of a large customer. He loved it but now he was angry with me.
He had asked me in what language it was implemented and was unhappy with my answer: C#. Confused, I asked why that was a problem. “Because” he told me, “Monad is exactly the right approach and I want to standardize my entire company on it, but I can't because .NET is not available on Linux!”
In the past, Microsoft's business focus meant that .NET, and thus PowerShell, were only available on Windows. But this is a new Microsoft. Satya's leadership and Azure have shifted us to a more open, customer-centric, mindset captured perfectly in this photo:
Microsoft wants to earn customers' preference as the platform for running all their workloads – Linux as well as Windows. This new thinking empowered the .NET team to port .NET Core to Linux and that in turn, enabled PowerShell to port to Linux as well. PowerShell on Linux is now designed to enable customers to use the same tools, and the same people, to manage everything from anywhere. It is initially available on Ubuntu, Centos, as well as Red Hat, and also runs on Mac OS X. More platforms will be added in the future. You can download Alpha builds and check out the source code from GitHub.
Now, users across Windows and Linux, current and new PowerShell users, even application developers can experience a rich interactive scripting language as well as a heterogeneous automation and configuration management that works well with your existing tools. Your PowerShell skills are now even more marketable, and your Windows and Linux teams, who may have had to work separately, can now work together more easily.
So, where are we in this journey? We are in the beginning stages and in learning mode. We started by open sourcing small portions of PowerShell and talking to a number of our partners who were experienced with open source to understand what it took to succeed. What we learned, is that it is critical that individual users can use Git to checkout code, make changes, compile everything on their machines and run all the tests to verify that their change didn't break anything. This required a large investment in our engineering/build/test systems. We also worked to define a governance model so we had clear roles, responsibilities, and processes so that community contributions could be smoothly incorporated into the product.
The PowerShell team has always prided itself on being a very community focused team but this announcement takes it to the next level by making the source code available and by adopting an open source development model where we can enjoy a deeper connection with the community in RFCs, issues and accept contributions directly. We also needed to extend our community since open source, like so many things, takes a village and that village is key to a great experience! We are partnering with third party companies – Chef, Amazon Web Services, VMware, and Google to name a few - to create a rich, seamless experience across the platforms you know and use.
As we port PowerShell to Linux, we are making sure that we are a first class citizen on that platform. We fit in well with the architecture, idioms and existing tools. This was pretty easy as most of the original PowerShell team had deep Unix backgrounds and that shows in our design. There were a number of little changes that we made and two big things:
We created a PowerShell Editor Service. This allows users to choose from a range of editors (VS Code and Sublime with others to follow) and get a great PowerShell authoring experience with Intellisense, debugging, etc. We will be extending the PowerShell Remoting Protocol (MS-PSRP) to use OpenSSH as native transport. Users will have the option to use SSH or WINRM as transport.
The initial release is an “alpha” and is community supported. In the future, we will deliver an official Microsoft released version of PowerShell based on open source to anyone running a supported version of Windows or *nix. The timing of the official Microsoft version will be based upon community input and business needs. We hope all of you will help us get it right!
Extending the PowerShell experience with Microsoft Operations Management Suite
I also want to tell you more about how today's PowerShell news extends what you can do with our cloud management solution, Operations Management Suite (OMS). OMS gives you visibility and control of your applications and workloads across Azure and other clouds. Integral to this, it enables customers to transform their cloud experience when using PowerShell on both Linux and Windows Server. OMS Automation elevates PowerShell and Desired State Configuration (DSC) with a highly available and scalable management service from Azure. You can graphically author and manage all PowerShell resources including runbooks, DSC configurations and DSC node configurations from one place.
With OMS hybrid runbook worker, you can extend your OMS Automation capability and apply, monitor and update configurations anywhere, including on-premises. Today we also made the OMS monitoring agent for Linux generally available. Together, customers can gain rich insights and real-time visibility into their Linux workloads, and the power to quickly remediate any issues that may arise.
We hope that all of you will take the time to test drive PowerShell on Linux and let us know what you think! You can also learn more about OMS Automation here. And, be sure to check us out at LinuxCon next week. Wim Coekaerts will be giving a keynote address, we'll have a booth where we'll be showing PowerShell, and I'll be doing a session that will be packed with demos.
If you are new to PowerShell, a great way to start learning is with our Learning PowerShell repository on GitHub. We also offer a free Microsoft Virtual Academy online course: Getting Started with PowerShell 3.0 Jump Start. You'll want to join/participate in the PowerShell Community at powershell.org/ and follow the PowerShell Team blog. We'll be updating these to meet the needs of the Linux community (e.g. examples) in the near future.
This has been a long time coming and it is going to be a lot of fun so please join us so that together we can produce a tool that knocks our socks off every time we use it.
Spring is just around the corner, which means we'll soon be treated to the appearance of daffodils, cherry blossoms – and the Easter Beagle! Yes, our favorite chameleon beagle will be happily hopping from yard to yard, beagle-ears flapping, delivering brightly colored Easter eggs (and a beagle kiss or two) from his Easter basket. My family loves Snoopy and the Peanuts gang! To me, no holiday is complete without watching a Peanuts special. That is what I did every holiday growing up, and my daughters are quickly learning the tradition as well. I couldn't be more proud of their love for all things Snoopy.
Here are some fun facts about the history of the Easter Beagle*:
A Hopping Debut
• Snoopy first appeared as “the Easter Bunny” on April 14, 1968, but Charles Schulz did not give the character the name “the Easter Beagle” until three years later.
• In that first 1968 strip, Linus was the only one to witness “the Easter Bunny” dancing around the front yard and hiding eggs in the bushes—Lucy was too busy watching television to notice.
• On Sunday, April 11, 1971, the Easter Beagle made his official comic-strip debut. Again, Linus was the first one to interact with him (although it's Lucy who gets the Beagle kiss!).
• As with the Great Pumpkin, Linus is often the Easter Beagle's messenger in the comic strips, alerting the other characters to the upcoming appearance of the Easter Beagle.
• During his April 2, 1972 appearance, the Easter Beagle delivers eggs to the members of the Peanuts gang…but discovers his basket is empty when he gets to Charlie Brown. This idea was adapted into the animated television special.
• Fortunately, the following year, on April 22, 1973, Charlie Brown does receive an Easter egg—this time from the Easter Beagle's assistant: Woodstock!
• After two more Easter Beagle strips in 1975 and 1976, the character made his last appearance on April 7, 1985—when Sally got the Charlie Brown treatment.
• Charles Schulz once said in an interview that the Easter Beagle was his favorite of all of Snoopy's alter egos.
A TV Star Is Born
• The Easter Beagle made his television debut on April 9, 1974, when CBS first aired It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown.
• This was the 12th animated special to be based on the Peanuts comic strip, and the fourth to be associated with a holiday (the others are A Charlie Brown Christmas, It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, and A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving).
• Much of the special concerns Peppermint Patty's disastrous (and hilarious) attempts to make Easter eggs—she tries roasting them, toasting them, and putting them in a waffle maker before trying to boil them (and making egg soup!).
• Linus sounds the alert, letting everyone know that the Easter Beagle is coming. Sally, however, is a little suspicious, since the last time she believed Linus's reports on a famous holiday character, she missed all the trick or treating while waiting with Linus in a pumpkin patch for the non-arrival of the Great Pumpkin.
*Courtesy the Peanuts Wiki: peanuts.wikia.com
This year, It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown will air on ABC. (Date and time to be announced.)
Enter to win a Peanuts Easter Beagle Prize Pack which includes the following:
An irresistible Easter Beagle porch greeter, delivering happiness to every household
A DVD of It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown, offering holiday joy all year round
Candy – You'll enjoy chocolate Easter eggs and delicious fruit sugar candies
When our Easter Beagle Peanuts package arrived, my 3 year old immediately grabbed Snoopy and ran off with him. He goes everywhere with her now. This is a great package and is a great way to help celebrate Easter!
Be sure to check out my other giveaways while you are here and GOOD LUCK!
Peanuts Easter Beagle Package
Disclosure: Mama Smith's Review Blog received these items in exchange for her honest review. Mama Smith is a Peanuts Brand Ambassador, however all opinions expressed are 100% hers.
Steampunk, a celebration of Victorian fashion and technology, started off as a subgenre of science fiction writing and has evolved into a fashion movement for people who like corsetry, top hats, and pocket watches. (And who doesn't?) It's poised to break through into a full-fledged fashion trend in 2013. But I'm not just saying it because I like it. Actually, I'm quoting…IBM, which calls steampunk a “New Retail Trend in the Making.”
According to an IBM press release, “'Steampunk,' a sub-genre inspired by the clothing, technology and social mores of Victorian society, will be a major trend to bubble up, and take hold, of the retail industry. Major fashion labels, accessories providers and jewelry makers are expected to integrate a steampunk aesthetic into their designs in the coming year…
“During the next two years, [emphasis mine] IBM predicts that steampunk will shift from low production, high cost “craft” manufacturing to mass production.”
So how did IBM eschew business machines to become a player in the world of fashion trend forecasting? It didn't. IBM has made this prediction “[b]ased on an analysis of more than a half million public posts on message boards, blogs, social media sites and news sources.” This project--one which tracks online data--is part of IBM's social sentiment index that reveals public opinion and trends.
Now thanks to IBM, we can reveal in steampunk tidbits such as these:
- 63% of people who initiate conversations about steampunk fashion are younger than 30.
- 33% of conversations about steampunk fashion are found on gaming sites. [Note: I assume this is in part to games like Dishonored and the upcoming Bioshock Infinite.]
- The social network for steampunk enthusiasts is Twitter, which has six times more steampunk chat than Facebook.
Tally-ho!
You can follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and here at Forbes.
Via Geek.com.
In 2014, a few days after Christmas, Dr. Valentino Gantz walked into his lab at the University of California, San Diego to check on some newly hatched fruit flies.
With a single look, he knew he had shattered the laws of evolution.
It was supposed to be an unremarkable quick in-and-out. Gantz and his advisor Dr. Ethan Bier were trying to develop a way to spread certain genes through a large population — a mutagenic chain reaction popularly known as a “gene drive.”
Gantz bred the larvae — thousands of them — from an albino mother. According to classical rules of inheritance, only one out of four young flies should carry the mutation.
Instead, one after another, Gantz saw nothing but pale, albino flies.
“We were stunned,” said Bier, “it was like the sun rose in the west rather than the east.”
Locked behind five security doors, sealed in a biosafety container, was a tool that could forever end insect-borne diseases — and in the process, wipe out entire species, reengineer life and perhaps topple ecosystems.
The genius of gene drives
What the team painstakingly discovered was a new incarnation of an old idea: using CRISPR, the gene editing technique, to construct “selfish gene” mutations that insert themselves into the genome and transmit down generations with nearly 100% efficiency.
Genes normally go from parent to child like shuffling a deck of cards. Take a physical trait like red eyes in mosquitos. Mosquitos (and humans) carry two copies of almost every gene. Red eyes is a dominant trait in mosquitos, which means it only takes one copy of the red-eye gene for it to appear.
Now, say a mother mosquito has one red-eye and one black-eye gene variant at analogous positions on two separate DNA bundles. The bundle that carries the red-eye gene has a near 50/50 chance of getting passed on to her offspring. Fair and square.
Nature, however, evolved a way to cheat the system. A group of selfish genes encode an enzyme that homes in on one of the DNA bundles — the one that doesn't carry the desired gene variant. There, it makes a cut. This triggers the cell's DNA repair system, which uses the other DNA bundle — the one with the red-eye gene — as a template to repair the other bundle, effectively copying the red-eye gene. Now, unless it mutates, the red-eye gene has a near 100% chance of getting passed on to baby mosquitos.
The result? When released in sufficient quantity, a single inserted gene could spread through an entire population in roughly a dozen generations, or a single season.
In 2003, in a seminal paper Dr. Austin Burt laid out the possibility of building artificial gene drives to control the spread of blood-borne diseases like malaria. It's an intriguing idea: spread a “suicide gene” to wipe out the entire species, or add in disease-resistant genes to entire populations.
A big hurdle? Gene drives were tough to make with traditional molecular genetics methods. That is, until CRISPR came along.
Malaria-resistant mosquitos
Easy, cheap and highly effective, CRISPR lets scientists make precise cuts almost anywhere along the genome and works in a large number of species. Linked to a gene drive, the cut also defines where artificial selfish genes get copied in. Once they're in, they spread through natural procreation.
Working with Dr. Anthony James, Gantz added a gene that makes malaria antibodies in mama mosquitos whenever they drink. These antibodies tightly grab onto the parasite and stop it from developing any further, preventing its deadly effects.
Since the gene adds no benefit to the mosquitos, normally it would get diluted by the gene pool and eventually peter out. With gene drive, however, it gets passed through generations with 99% efficacy.
Although the researchers stopped short of confirming that the mosquitos were resistant to malaria, they did show that they expressed the antibody genes.
“It's completely outstanding,” said Dr. Kevin Esvelt, a gene drive researcher at Harvard.
Burt agrees, but says long-term studies are needed to see how long the effects can last. Modeling studies show that it takes roughly 20 generations for the new gene to spread wide enough to make a difference.
So far we haven't done cage experiments to assess long-term efficiency and mutation rates, but it's one of our next steps, Gantz told Singularity Hub.
I think far more pressing are larger questions that need to be addressed before we can even contemplate field studies, Gantz said. Now that technology is no longer a limitation, should we — for the greater good — dictate the fate of entire species?
Driving forward
Earlier this year, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine hosted a workshop to begin tackling the thorny issue of playing god.
For one, the technology isn't quite there yet. How specific is the gene manipulation? How long can it last? Can we make it somewhat reversible? What are the ecological effects of gene drives?
“We know so little,” said Dr. Zach Adelman, a molecular geneticist at Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
And it's not just transmissible diseases. In theory, gene drives could give nearly extinct animals an edge up and save them from extinction.
Even when the science part gets figured out, should we tamper with Mother Nature? Essentially, we need to balance immediate humanitarian concerns with potential global ecological effects, said Burt. Since animals roam far and wide, unheeding of national boundaries, multiple countries will have to work together to develop regulatory guidelines and establish governing agencies.
“We have time to figure it out though,” said Burt.
In the meantime, gene drive researchers are taking extra precautions to avoid accidentally contaminating the environment with lab-grown mutants.
Our experiments were conducted in high-security labs, explained Gantz. We also worked with tropical mosquitos that can't survive in the California climate. Even if they somehow got out, they wouldn't be able to sustain their life cycle or find mates, he said.
Yet some experts are still concerned.
Dr. George Church, a pioneer in gene drives at Harvard, calls for failsafe mechanisms to stop the gene drive from propagating if anything went wrong. His proposal, though elegant, is not a simple fix. Long story short, it involves adding in another gene drive, a “reversal” one so to speak, to balance out the effects of the first drive.
So far, the mechanism was only shown to work in yeast.
We need some serious soul searching before we can move on to field applications, said Gantz. With this study, we did go for a slightly less risky route: compared to other gene drive approaches that wipe out entire species, ours — population modification — should in theory have a smaller impact on an ecosystem, explained Gantz.
The team — Gantz, James and Bier — believes it'll take about a year to prepare mosquitoes for field tests. Although eager to test drive population modification, they are going slow and careful.
“It's not going to go anywhere until the social science advances to the point where we can handle it,” said James. “We're not about to do anything foolish.”
Image Credit: Shutterstock.com
No Comments
Welcome to the New Age: World's First Solar Road to Open in Netherlands
It was just a few months back when we brought you news of a project here in the United States to create solar roadways—er, sorry, solar freakin' roadways. The project went viral online and quickly earned its funding amount.
Still, the duo behind the solar freakin' roadways couldn't quite beat the Netherlands to the punch, as the country will be opening the world's first solar road on Wednesday of this week. The road in question is actually a road for bikes, connecting two suburbs in Amsterdam. In total, this first solar road is only 230 feet long and cost about $3.75 million to create. Of course, the cost is so high, as this is a project in its early stages of development. Also keep in mind that the roads require less money over time, as maintenance is easier and needed less often, and the roads generate electricity using the sun.
When the road is completed in 2016 at a full 328 feet, the creators hope that it will generate enough electricity to power two or three homes. It's possible that the technology could one day be used to power traffic lights or street lamps.
The solar road uses crystalline silicon solar cells that are covered by tempered glass and encased in concrete. They are designed (non-adhesive finish and slight tilt) to stay clean without much effort, meaning they can gain maximum sunlight.
Solar roadways could be the way of the future, if we can foot the bill up front. According to the folks at the solar freakin' roadways project, switching all of the roads in the US to solar roadways would generate three times as much energy as the country currently uses, cutting our greenhouse gas usage by a staggering 75%.
Still not sold on the benefits? Check out the original solar freakin' roadways video below:
News Source: The Guardian, Solar Roadways
The Israel Defense Forces has decided to open an internal investigation into the shooting deaths of two Palestinians in the West Bank village of Awarta.
Palestinian women argue with an Israeli soldier while attempting to cross the Kalandia checkpoint August 27, 2010 AP
Attorney Michael Sfard of the Yesh Din organization petitioned the High Court of Justice last month on behalf of the families, demanding that a criminal probe be carried out to determine whether the IDF soldiers had been justified in opening fire.
The state informed the court on Wednesday that Chief Military Prosecutor Avihai Mandelblit had already ordered an investigation to begin at the beginning of next month, and the petition was thus unnecessary.
The incident in question began last March, when IDF soldiers stopped two Palestinian farmers seen walking near the West Bank settlement of Itamar. The soldiers said that the Palestinians had told them that they were on their way to work in the fields. When asked to present their identification cards, the Palestinians said they were not carrying any such documents.
The soldiers said that the Palestinians mumbled their response and that as such, their behavior was suspicious. When check-point commander tried to validate the identification numbers that the farmers gave, they turned out to be false. The soldiers said that at that point, one of the Palestinians tried to attack a soldier with a pitchfork, and that the commander subsequently shot the two to death.
Col. Itzik Bar, commander of the Samaria Brigade, was reproached by Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi following the incident.
The squad commander was dismissed from his position and will not be able to serve as commander in the future. Ashkenazi said that the incident could have ended differently, and that its fatal results could have been prevented.
Today, Randall Terry held a press conference at the National Press Club “to discuss how the pro-life movement should deal with Dr. [George] Tiller's death” and defend his statement that Tiller essentially deserved to die because he was a “mass-murder.”
Terry said that Dr. Tiller's murder “poses a setback for us on some levels” and then tried to deflect blame from the anti-abortion movement:
Terry: The point that must be emphasized over, and over, and over again: pro-life leaders and the pro-life movement are not responsible for George Tiller's death. George Tiller was a mass-murder and, horrifically, he reaped what he sowed. Q: So who is responsible … Terry: The man who shot him is responsible … Q: … because that makes it sound like you were saying that he [Tiller] is responsible. Terry: The man who shot him is responsible. Q: What did you mean by “he reaped what he sowed”? Terry: He was a mass-murder. He sowed death. And then he reaped death in a horrifying way.
The event came to an utterly bizarre ending when Terry said that Tiller's murder “can be a teaching moment for what child-killing is really all about” … and then seemed to ask those in attendance if they'd be willing to buy him lunch – he likes Guinness and chicken wings:
Nearly half of all victims of racially motivated murders in the last decade have been white, according to official figures released by the Home Office.
The data, released under Freedom of Information legislation, shows that between 1995 and 2004 there have been 58 murders where the police consider a racial element played a key part. Out of these, 24 have been where the murder victim was white.
The disclosure will add to the intense debate over multiculturalism in British society. The figures also overturn the assumption that almost all racial murders are committed against ethnic minority victims.
Senior police officers have admitted that 'political correctness' and the fear of discussing the issue have meant that race crime against white people goes under-reported. One chief constable has claimed that white, working-class men are more alienated than the Muslim community.
Peter Fahy, the Chief Constable of Cheshire and a spokesman on race issues for the Association of Chief Police Officers, said it was a fact that it was harder to get the media interested where murder victims were young white men.
'The political correctness and reluctance to discuss these things absolutely does play a factor', he said. 'A lot of police officers and other professions feel almost the best thing to do is try and avoid it for fear of being criticised. We probably have all got ourselves into a bit of state about this.
'The difficulty in the police service is that the whole thing is being closed down because we are all afraid of discussing any of it in case we say the wrong thing - and that is not healthy.'
Racial violence in Britain has become the subject of intense scrutiny since the public inquiry in 1999 into the murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence. Most of the high-profile cases of hate crime have been focused on young blacks, including Damilola Taylor and more recently Anthony Walker, who was murdered with an axe at a Liverpool bus stop by white youths.
Yet these latest official figures give the most complete picture of racially motivated murders in the UK, revealing the situation to be much more complex. In March 2004 a white Scottish teenager, Kriss Donald, was bundled into a car while walking in the Pollokshields area of Glasgow. He was later beaten, stabbed 13 times, and set on fire. British Pakistani Daanish Zahid was found guilty by unanimous verdict of the charges of racially aggravated murder.
In the same year Christopher Yates, 30, a white man, was beaten to death in an assault by a group of drunken Asian youths as he walked home in Barking, east London.
Politicians and the authorities often face difficulty in raising the issue of racial attacks on white victims for fear that far-right extremists will try to exploit such events to stir up racial tensions.
Fahy also warned of caution in over-interpreting the figures. He said that the 24 white victims also included those who were Jewish, 'dark-skinned' Europeans or gypsies. In addition, seven of those were killed by white attackers, four by black, six by Asian, with seven whose racial background was not identified.
Police have suggested that some white-on-white killings may be a result of attacks between Scots, English, Irish and Welsh people.
Overall, there have been 10 black victims and 16 Asian victims. Of the 58 race murders, 18 have been where a white attacker has killed a black or Asian individual and another 14 where one member of a minority group has murdered another for racial reasons.
'This shows the complex society we are policing,' said Fahy.
'I will be honest with some of this discussion about the alienation of Muslim people. Police officers would tell you there are a lot of young people out there who feel alienated.
'There are a lot of young white working-class lads, particularly on the more difficult estates, who are hugely alienated. Yet very little attention is given to that.
'Sometimes we forget that ethnic minorities actually make up quite a small percentage of the population.'
Three years ago Phil Woolas, MP for the Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency, who is now Minister for Community Cohesion, said 'political correctness' was stopping racism against white people from being condemned. As a result, he said, attacks on whites by black and Asian people are not criticised by politicians and could harm race relations in Britain.
This weekend Woolas refused to comment, but a spokesman for the Department for Local Communities and Government said: 'Racially motivated crime is wholly abhorrent, whatever the background of the victim.
'This government has worked hard to improve the investigation and prosecution of these crimes across all ethnic groups.'
In 1999 the Commission for Racial Equality published a report that concluded that most racial crimes were committed against white people, although it pointed out that at the time white people made up 94 per cent of the population and that, proportionally, black and Asian people were still far more likely to be victims of race attacks.
The report suggested that white people might also be more likely to report a crime such as a street robbery carried out by a black person as a racial incident.
A spokeswoman for the CRE said the Home Office figures raised some interesting issues but she did not want to comment further until the data could be properly analysed.
In an alarming case of young athletes being put at risk, five children suffered concussions last month in a Pop Warner football game that resulted in disciplinary action against both coaches and association presidents.
The injured children, all 10 to 12 years old, played for the Tantasqua Pee Wees Sept. 15 when they were overrun, 52-0, by a Southbridge team whose website's banner states, “Are You Tough Enough.''
The five children missed various numbers of school days because of their injuries, and one has not returned to the field.
The coaches, Southbridge's Scott Lazo and Tantasqua's Erik Iller, were suspended for the remainder of the season and placed on probation through the 2013 season after a lengthy hearing Thursday conducted by Central Mass. Pop Warner.
Advertisement
The association presidents, Lazo's brother, Doug Lazo of Southbridge, and Iller's wife, Jen Iller of Tantasqua, also were placed on probation through the 2013 season because they attended the game and failed to take action, according to the hearing committee.
In addition, the three officials who worked the game have been permanently banned by Central Mass. Pop Warner.
“Having multiple concussions in one game is something that should never happen, ever,'' said Patrick Inderwish, president of Central Mass. Pop Warner. “One concussion is too many.''
He said the hearing committee attributed the injuries to “bad officiating and decision-making by the coaches and all other parties involved.''
“That game doesn't represent what Pop Warner stands for in any way,'' Inderwish said.
Pop Warner regulations require officials to invoke a series of mercy rules once the gap in the score reaches 28 points. But the mercy rules went unenforced and at least one boy suffered a concussion on a play that should have been ruled dead.
Inderwish said the officials had an obligation to stop the game if they considered the safety of the players at risk.
Tantasqua filed a complaint after the game, alleging violations of weigh-in procedures, the mercy rule, and player safety. Yet the hearing committee ultimately ruled that the Tantasqua staff shared responsibility for the injuries.
Advertisement
Jen Iller, whose son played in the game and was not injured, said she was very disturbed by the concussions. But she said she considered the discipline against Tantasqua “completely unfair'' because the officials put the children at risk by failing to invoke the mercy rule and take other preventative measures.
Efforts to reach Scott Lazo, who is a member of the Southbridge School Committee, and Doug Lazo were unsuccessful.
Inderwish said the hearing committee disciplined the Tantasqua staff as severely as Southbridge's because the Tantasqua officials also violated Pop Warner's code of conduct obligating them to protect their players.
Buy Tickets
“There's an obligation to walk across the field and say, ‘This thing is out of hand,' and nobody did that,'' he said.
Iller said Tantasqua staff members with emergency medical training evaluated the injured children during the game but did not consider their conditions serious enough to warrant further attention. Because the concussions were not diagnosed until after the game, the children continued playing. Numerous medical reports have indicated that playing with undiagnosed concussions increases the risk of more serious damage.
“Additional hits to the head in the minutes after a concussion can be devastating,'' said Chris Nowinski, president of the Sports Legacy Institute, which is dedicated to addressing the problem of sports concussions. “We do a terrible job diagnosing concussions at the time of injury because they are so difficult to see as an observer.
“There is almost no hope of diagnosing a concussion in a child at the time of injury unless it is obvious because they are knocked out.''
Advertisement
The incident raises questions about the ability of Pop Warner Little Scholars, the nation's largest youth football organization, to enforce the rules it established in 2010 aimed at reducing brain injuries caused by concussions. The rules were strengthened this year to limit contact in practices.
“Nothing is more important to Pop Warner than the safety and well-being of our players,'' the hearing committee stated. “Pop Warner has put in place the most stringent concussion rules in youth sports and we will continue to find ways to ensure football is safe and fun for our young athletes.''
PolitiFact, a website “that rates the accuracy of claims by elected officials and others who speak up in American politics,” recently published an article that purported to fact-check one of the NRA's political mailers regarding Secretary Hillary Clinton's push for gun confiscation in America.
Warren Fiske, who wrote the “article,” tried refuting the NRA's claims by utilizing Secretary Clinton's entire answer to a question in a New Hampshire town hall meeting. Mrs. Clinton was asked: “Australia managed to take away tens of thousands – millions – of handguns and in one year they were all gone. Can we do that and why? If we can't, why not?”
Secretary Clinton responded with the following answer:
Now (U.S.) communities have done that; communities have done gun buyback programs. But I think it would be worth considering doing that on the national level if that could be arranged.
Clinton, in her own words, said she would consider a gun buyback program on a national level. Somehow, Fiske took this as the NRA twisting Clinton's words.
The NRA and other pro-gun groups instantly seized on Clinton's comment, saying the buyback program Clinton lauded is tantamount to a confiscation program, because it backed many gun owners into a corner: They either could sell their firearms to the government or risk prosecution for keeping them. It was, the NRA says, “an offer gun owners could not refuse.”
Of course the NRA and the gun owners are going to “seize” on Clinton's comment. Australia's gun buyback program was not voluntary, as Fiske tries claiming in his so-called “fact checking.” Anyone found to be in possession of an illegal weapon could face 10 years in jail.
Fiske has been accused of overt political bias before:
Under Fiske's leadership, the site has faced mounting criticism from the state GOP for perceived bias against Republican Senate candidate George Allen and Gov. Bob McDonnell. In July [2012], the party released a comprehensive study of Politifact VA's rating system that found that the site targeted Republicans over Democrats by a wide margin and used subjective analysis to give the GOP more false ratings.
“This type of biased reporting is why Americans no longer trust the media. We have Hillary Clinton on video tape answering a direct question about the Australia gun ban and confiscation program saying, ‘it's worth considering.' The blatant disregard for the facts in an attempt to help Clinton hide her true agenda is an embarrassment to legitimate journalists,” said NRA Spokesperson Catherine Mortensen.
Here's what the NRA found when looking into Fiske's claims:
PolitiFact Claim: “We asked the NRA if it had any other evidence that it believes shows Clinton is open to gun confiscation. A spokeswoman for the gun group's lobbying arm questioned whether that was “relevant” to our fact-check and didn't provide an answer.” Fact: The NRA ad was referring only to Hillary's comments at the New Hampshire town hall meeting. The NRA made no other claims about any other Hillary comments on the subject. So, to bring in other instances is irrelevant to this fact–check.
The mailer focused on Clinton's comments at the New Hampshire town hall. Asking for any other “proof” is irrelevant.
PolitiFact Claim: “…there's an element of truth to the NRA's statement, but it ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. That makes it Mostly False.” Fact: PolitiFact ignored Hillary Clinton's actual words when asked a direct question. That question was to determine her opinion on the Australia program. She answered that question saying “…it's worth considering.” PolitiFact ignores Clinton's answer to the voter's question and accepts her staff ‘s clean up spin at face value.
If Fiske carefully looked at Clinton's words like he claims he did, he would come to the same conclusion the NRA did: Hillary is for Australia-style gun confiscation. It doesn't take a genius to figure that out.
Conclusion: PolitiFact had the relevant information necessary to fact-check the NRA ad. They ignored the facts and instead twisted the information to fit the Hillary campaign's false narrative about guns. PolitiFact has been co-opted by the mainstream media and is 100 percent biased in this fact-checker on Hillary Clinton's stated position that Australia-style gun confiscations are “worth considering.”
Bearing Arms Conclusion: Politifact has a long history of partisan political bias, and serves as little more than apologists for progressive political politics. Warren Fiske is just one bad egg is a thoroughly rotten, and completely partisan propaganda outlet masquerading as a fact-checking service.
Event Japanese/English
Introduction
Play Umm... I'm the light cruiser, Jintsuu. Please take good care of me if possible...
あの……軽巡洋艦、神通です。どうか、よろしくお願い致します……
Introduction
Play Ummm... I'm Jintsuu from the 2nd Torpedo Squadron. Please take good care of me today too, Admiral.
あの・・・第二水雷戦隊、神通です。提督、本日もどうか、よろしくおねがいします。
Library
Play I'm Jintsuu. I was modernised then assigned as the flagship of the 2nd Torpedo Squadron.[1] I fought bravely as the vanguard at the Battle of Kolombangara. But, everybody shot at me... How cruel...[2]
神通です。近代化改装を受け、第2水雷戦隊の旗艦を務めました。 コロンバンガラ島沖海戦では先頭に立って奮戦します。 でも、みんな私の事狙うんですもの…ひどいわ……。
Secretary 1
Play Wh-what is it...
な、なんでしょうか…
Secretary 2
Play Ah... Y-you surprised me.
あっ…びっ、びっくりしました。
Secretary 3
Play Umm... Admiral... I'll get flustered if you touch me so much...
あの…提督…そんなに触られると、わたし、混乱しちゃいます…
Secretary Idle
Play Admiral... Err... Well... Um... Sorry... It's nothing...
提督……あの、その…あのっ……ごめんなさい、何でも、ないです…
Secretary Idle
Play Admiral, umm... Ah, I'll get you some fresh tea. It's hot so please be careful alright? U-ummm, excuse me.
提督、あの・・・あ、お茶を入れ直しました。暑いので気をつけてくなさいね？あ、あの、すみません。
Secretary (Married)
Play Haven't you done enough, Admiral? Please rest when it's time to rest alright?
提督、大変お疲れではないですか？お休みになれる時に、お休みになってくださいね？
Wedding
Play Would you like to have a nice long chat with me once in a while... Eh? Really? Is this fine...?
たまにはゆっくり、神通とお話ししませんか…え？ホントに？いいの…？
Player's Score
Play I've got a letter for you, Admiral.
提督に、お手紙を持って参りました。
Player's Score
Play You want some intelligence, Admiral? I'll get it for you.
提督、情報ですね？お持ちます。
Joining the Fleet
Play Jintsuu, heading out.
神通、行きます。
Equipment 1
Play What's going on... I'm burning up...[3]
Equipment 2
Play What a wonderful modernisation. I am happy...[5]
こんな素敵な近代化改修、わたしうれしいです…
Equipment 2
Play This upgrade... Thank you very much. It helps.
この改修・・・ありがとうございます。助かります。
Equipment 3 [6]
Play I-is it ok?
だ、大丈夫？
Supply
Play Thank you for the supplies. I appreciate it.
補給助かります、感謝致します。
Docking (Minor Damage)
Play Umm... I'm going to take a short rest.
あの…少し、休ませていただきますね。
Docking (Major Damage)
Play I've been beaten... I will concentrate on repairing myself for a while. I'm sorry.
やられちゃいました…。しばらく修理に専念します、すみません。
Construction
Play A new ship has arrived.
新しい艦がまいりました。
Returning from Sortie
Play The sortie fleet has returned to port.
出撃していた艦隊が帰投しました。
Returning from Sortie
Play The fleet has returned to port.
艦隊、港で戻りました。
Starting a Sortie
Play Jintsuu, heading out.
神通、行きます。
Starting a Sortie
Play Flagship of the 2nd Torpedo Squadron, Jintsuu, sortieing!
第二水雷戦隊、期間神通、出撃いたします！
Starting a Battle
Play Please hit!
あたってください！
Starting a Battle
Play Naval battle... Starting!
砲雷撃戦…開始します！
Attack
Play Firing!
撃ちます！
Attack
Play Ready... aim!
よく…狙って！
Daytime Spotting/ Night Battle Attack
Play I told you not to come closer!
来ないでって言ったのにぃ！
Daytime Spotting/Night Battle Attack
Play Torpedoes loaded... It's time!
魚雷も次発装填済です…これからです！
Night Battle
Play You've let your guard down. My next shot is ready to fire.
油断しましたね、次発装填済みです。
Night Battle
Play We'll attack...under the illumination of searchlights, follow me.
探照灯照射…突撃します、私に続いて！
MVP
Play Even I'm able to be of use to you, Admiral... I'm really happy.
こんな私でも、提督のお役にたてて…本当に嬉しいです。
Minor Damage 1
Play Aah!
あぁっ!
Minor Damage 2
Play It hurts!!
痛いです!
Minor Damage 2
Play It hurts...but...not yet!
痛いっ…でも、まだ！
Major Damage
Play I've been shot! Oof! It's hard to fight like this...
狙い撃ちされました。これじゃ、戦いにくいです。
Major Damage
Play Not yet... Not yet... Jintsuu will not sink! I can still fire!
まだ…まだ…この神通は沈みません！もう一撃くらいできます！
Sunk
Play Admiral... It was... an honour... to be together with you...
Miami is notorious for its bad drivers. We know that it would be futile to try and teach you (yes, you) about things like the "speed limit" and that there is a difference between a yellow light and a freshly turned green light, but we figured someone should at least give you assholes a bit of a refresher course. Perhaps you've merely forgotten some things since you took your driver's license test (assuming you ever did take one), so here, have a quick refresher course.
1. You have something on the side of your steering wheel that looks like this:
It's called a turning signal switch. When activated, it will make lights on either side of your car blink like this:
Continue Reading
You activate these "blinkers" as they're called to inform your fellow motorists of your intention to change lanes or make a turn. Sure, we understand sometimes it may seem silly, like when you're in a clearly marked turning lane, but they do come in handy for things like four-way stops, changing lanes on the interstate, and when you're speeding through a yellow light like a bat out of hell while making a left turn. Try to at least familiarize yourself with them.
Let this dog be your guide:
2. That arrangement of white stripes painted on the road is a crosswalk. That yellow diamond is a yield sign.
If you see a person walking through one of these as you are about to drive through, YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO STOP AND LET THEM PASS. This does not mean speed up in order to beat the pedestrian before he enters your lane (we have seen this a few times when people literally in wheelchairs and walkers are crossing roads). This does not mean honk at or flip off the pedestrian. This does not mean completely ignore it. This means stop your car and avoid hitting another human being.
3. This is an open road
Unless you are in heavy traffic or come to a yield sign, stop sign or stop light, the general idea is that you are supposed to keep your car moving on it. This means you shouldn't stop in it, put your blinkers on, and run in to get your dry cleaning. This means you shouldn't wait outside to pick up your friend. This means you shouldn't stop to roll down your window and cat call girls. Generally no one minds when you do these things, say, on a lightly trafficked side street, but we've seen some of y'all attempt this on streets like Biscayne Boulevard and Alton Road. Stop that. Err actually that's not clear. Stop stopping where you shouldn't ... or occasionally even parking.
4. This is a four way stop.
When multiple cars are at the intersection at the same time, many Miamians seems to abide by the rule of "whoever has the balls to make the first move gets the right of way." This is not actually true. The law is the driver to the left gets the right of way.
5. This is a busy intersection.
Notice how I've pointed out that the there is an exit from a business's parking lot (in this case a Taco Bell) near this intersection. Some of y'all seem to be under the impression that it is perfectly legal to make a left out of this parking lot while cutting across four congested lanes of traffic. This is not the case. Either navigate backroads until you can make a proper left turn, or take a right and make a U-turn later.
If you find yourself in one of those congested lanes of traffic that some asshole is trying to cut across, please honk at them and flip them off.
6. This is a turning lane.
Only enter these lanes if you intend to make a turn in the indicated direction. If a lane you're traveling in suddenly turns into a turning line (there's usually signs to warn you) get out in a timely manner. Do not use the turning lane to pass other cars and assume you'll sneak your way back into the through lane right before the turn. You are an asshole if you attempt this.
7. If you attempt to get off a highway exit here, you are an asshole.
Actually if you attempt to cut off people in a crowded exit lane just to avoid waiting in that lane, you are an asshole, but if you do it here you are, to paraphrase Eric Cartman, a mega super king kamehameha asshole.
8. This is your steering wheel.
This is your phone.
When you should have your hands on the former, keep your hands off the later.
9. This is tailgating and it is against the law.
Generally you are supposed to leave about a car's length between you and the car driving in front of you. No, I don't mean Matchbox Car's length, which is a rule some of you seem to practice. At the very least leave a Smart Car spot.
On a related note, if you see a car following a car's length behind another car, that is not an invitation for you to change lanes into that space without a blinker.
To sum it up:
10. To bring it all full circle, this is a blinker.
If a person in front of you is trying to change into your lane and isn't being an asshole about it, let them. The blinker does not mean "speed up so this person can't change lanes."
Follow Miami New Times on Facebook and Twitter @MiamiNewTimes.
November 23rd, 2011 admin
Just one hour ago 150 to 200 uniformed police officers stromed this year's Cannabis Cup, our sources at the Cup say.
The Cannabis Cup, undoubtably the largest gathering on the planet to celebrate, discover and judge all things marijuana, has been raided by the Dutch police. Such police interference is unheard of in the 24 years of the Cup.
Our crew inside, Ali Bongo's company directors and manager, jetted off to the Cup at the start of this week, intent on rooting out the hottest new strains on the market and bringing back the best new smoking materials and accessories back to our store. After several days of exploring, smoking, circulating, smoking, networking and smoking, they returned to the Cup this morning for more intrepid head-shop work. And some smoking.
The frantic telephone report I just received from the boss himself was that as they were leaving the Cup, 150 or more uniformed police advanced upon the venue and entered. Our crew managed to leave the venue, but report that people behind them were being stopped and searched.
Whilst a large amount of the police were in full uniform, our source says that many were also plain-clothes officers. The police were all carrying evidence bags.
The cup changed venue this year to the Leidseplein area of Amsterdam, and perhaps this may be linked in to police action, we're unsure. Today's events took place south of there, at Borchland's Sport and Exhibition Centre.
And that's the word of the moment right now: we don't know. The Cannabis Cup was in full swing with a full crowd there when numerous members of the Dutch police force decened upon the venue. We shall update as we know more.
This just in from the boss:
At the very least, it won't be going on tonight. Who knows when or if it will be able to start back up. We could be witnessing the end of the Cannabis Cup; the end of an era.
“Amersterdam is changing.” Is the word from the boss, who's out there now, relaying this news by telephone, “the Red-Light district has all changed and the whole feel of the ‘Dam is very different from previous years. It's sad times.”
So sad times at the High Times cup.
Another contact INSIDE the venue just contacted us with this update:
The police are advancing under the pretense of some kind of Opium law. The Cup is usually not subject to police action, but they are stopping and searching everyone here.
The police are confiscating, bagging and impounding everything from everyone, but are taking no names or hauling no one into custody so far, at least that I've seen.
Follow Our source believes that it is the that
Heather Hava with her award-winning robotic garden and AI system. Alex Pilnick
Many scientists believe that eventually the Earth will die. When that happens, humanity will need to vacate and find a new home, possibly on Mars.
Heather Hava, an aerospace engineering student at the University of Colorado Boulder, wants to make sure we have a way to grow food when we get there. The NASA fellow invented two robots that can grow fruits and vegetables and monitor human health in space.
She won the $15,000 "Eat it!" Lemelson-MIT undergraduate prize, an award for the nation's top two collegiate inventors in food technology, for her bots.
The first, called SPOT, can grow strawberries, tomatoes, peppers, herbs, and leafy veggies, like kale and basil, inside a small chamber. It's a hydroponic garden, which means the produce grows on a soil-less bed of water with nutrients.
CU Media
Enriched water is automatically cycled through the system, where it drops onto the roots, allowing the plant to grow. The leftover water then deposits into a reservoir.
The astronauts replace the water and harvest the produce — crucial steps, according to Hava. When you're trapped in a confined space for weeks at a time, interacting with the plants is therapeutic.
Fresh produce "is one of the biggest boosts of morale for astronauts," she says. "Now they get to watch the strawberry grow, see it develops, turn from pink to red. There's a psychological benefit through those visual cues. And at the end, you get the prize."
Sensors in the plant beds track water temperature, pH level, humidity, and every stage of the plant growing process. The bot connects to an AI app that monitors the data, which can be accessed by both astronauts and NASA employees.
In her work, Hava focuses on plant robotics that optimize astronaut health. Her robotic garden's produce can serve as a fresh addition to prepackaged space food. Normally, astronauts eat freeze-dried or dehydrated foods in pouches, like shrimp cocktail, chicken, protein bars, and spaghetti and meatballs.
European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano juggling food packages in the Unity node of the International Space Station Station. NASA
These foods give astronauts macro-nutrients, like protein and fats, but fresh strawberries and kale would give them vitamins and micro-nutrients.
NASA currently ships fresh produce, but with Hava's SPOT, astronauts could grow it in their spaceships. She recalls speaking with an astronaut who described the delight of eating a piece of basil in space.
"When you've been in space and haven't had anything fresh, even chomping on a plain lettuce leaf is amazing," he told her.
Hava's other bot, AgQ, tracks the health of plants and astronauts alike. It can alert astronauts if the plant's water needs to be changed, the pH level is too low, or the plant is dying. The app also connects to a special suit that monitors the astronauts' nervous systems. The system is constantly learning from itself and can use existing data to make predictions about future stress triggers.
Hava plans to test her bots at the Mars Desert Research Station, a colony in Utah that simulates life on Mars. She is now developing the third Spot, which will be even more lightweight. She is looking to raise $150,000 to finance these bots and complete her PhD through her website.
Hava is also working with NASA to improve the prototype of a rover, called ROGR, that will act as SPOT's robotic farmer. It's remotely controlled by astronauts, who can make it move around the spacecraft and inspect SPOT's plants via cameras to see if they're ready to harvest.
Eventually, Hava hopes her systems could scale to support an entire space colony long-term.
"This is just the beginning," she says.
Watch Hava talk more about her work below:
Need to travel 400 miles in eight minutes? Just hop in a Hyper Chariot pod, which uses roller coaster–type technology akin to Elon Musk's proposed Hyperloop train and will be able to travel up to 4,000 miles per hour.
The car–sized pods (which can hold up to six people) would travel through airless “ultra high performance” concrete tubes using high–grade vacuum technology to travel at five times the speed of sound. The tubes will be lined with solar panels and would use cryogenically-chilled superconductors to create quantum levitation.
Of course, you'll have to wait over twenty years to ride one. The company claims its pods will be fully operational by 2040 and there are currently plans for a “proof of concept” demonstrator, called “The Velocitator," costing between $75 million and $100 million, to be unveiled in 2021.
The announcement comes a few years after Elon Musk announced the similar Hyperloop concept. According to Hyper Chariot, their train will be lighter, faster and more efficient than the Hyperloop. The Hyper Chariot would use smaller, 400–pound pods for transport, while the Hyperloop weighs 20 tons and is more like a bus. Hyper Chariots pods would travel through concrete tubes and will interchange like cars on a freeway network, while the Hyperloop would travel through a steel tube on a single track. Hyper Chariot also plans for their tubes to be smaller at about five feet wide, whereas Hyperloop's tubes are the width of a street.
The company also isn't nervous if the Hyperloop rolls out first.
“Who sends something in a tube first isn't necessarily the winner here,” Hyper Chariot co–founder Joanna Garzilli told Fox News. “It's about who can best commercialize evacuated tube transport in a way that is personalized, cheap and useful for your average blue-collar worker. We want to be the first to make our investors money back off of real revenue.”
Based in Santa Monica, the company plans on operating world–wide. They are currently scouting locations for their three–mile, 400mph Velocitator demonstration in various places around the country (including Las Vegas and Medley, Florida) and hope to have a transport system in the States.
“The goal here is to build in every country and every state to the same diameter tube and use the same patented maglev [magnetic levitation] interchange system so we can connect the whole world at much higher speeds at a later date,” Garzilli said.
Engineer and USC professor James Moore isn't so sure such a transport system could work in the U.S. due to the high cost, which Hyper Chariot estimates to be $25 million per mile. By comparison, Musk's Hyperloop cost is $64 million per mile.
“I like science as much as the next engineer, and emotionally I want maglev trains to be relevant,” Dr. Moore told Fox News. “However, they are not relevant in North America because conventional passenger trains are not all that relevant, largely because of the cost of the infrastructure per seat mile. Conventional high–speed rail is even worse in this respect, and the increase in travel demand from a higher level of service won't recover the cost of the resources needed to offer conventional high speed service.”
Moore was also dubious that a terrestrial transportation system offering speeds of 4,000 miles per hour will exist 22 years from now. He also believes such a system would offer no survivability if something were to go wrong, and would effectively have to be error proof.
“An accident involving a vehicle moving at 4000 mph would not leave much behind to repair, but focusing on a 4000 mph accident is overkill,” he said. “We can't afford to build high volume evacuated tube systems reliable enough to accommodate terrestrial speeds of [even] 400mph, [and] I don't expect we will be able to 22 years from now.”
Hyper Chariot stated that human error would be eliminated because everything would be automated via computer. The company also plans on only using the pods to transport cargo for at least a year until people are allowed on.
“We're focused on hiring the top engineers in the world and recognize that no customers will be entering 1,000mph+ tube lines before everything has been rigorously tested and insured for use,” Garzilli explained. “Our technology eliminates close to 99% of the reasons that we have accidents today. There are no moving parts so we're dramatically reducing chance of mechanical failure.”
And as to whether or not the Hyper Chariot transports will be rolling out 22 years from now, Garzilli said “You don't get there unless you set the goal.”
On Monday night, as fans around the world began to grieve Robin Williams's death, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences — best known, in many circles, as the people behind the Oscars — sent out what may be the iconic social media image of Williams's death.
More than 270,000 people have shared the tweet, which means that, per the analytics site Topsy, as many as 69 million people have seen it.
The problem? It violates well-established public health standards for how we talk about suicide.
“If it doesn't cross the line, it comes very, very close to it,” said Christine Moutier, chief medical officer at the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. “Suicide should never be presented as an option. That's a formula for potential contagion.”
Moutier is referring to a well-documented phenomenon, better-known as “copycat suicide,” in which media coverage or publicity around one death encourages other vulnerable people to commit suicide in the same way. Adolescents are most at risk of suicide contagion; in recent years, groups like AFSP have also become particularly attentive to the role the Internet plays in romanticizing notorious or high-profile deaths, something it has long asked both the news and entertainment industries to avoid.
“The potential for online reports, photos/videos and stories to go viral makes it vital that online coverage of suicide follow site or industry safety recommendations,” one media guide reads.
But in the hours since @TheAcademy's tweet went viral, professionals like Moutier have become concerned that it doesn't, in fact, follow established safety recommendations. The starry sky from Disney's Aladdin, and the written implication that suicide is somehow a liberating option, presents suicide in too celebratory a light, Moutier said.
Now that media is social, however, and anyone can go viral, it's more difficult to educate influencers on those issues. (It's unclear who at the Academy sent the tweet, and the Academy did not respond to requests for further comment.) In either case, Moutier has some advice for organizations and individuals talking about Williams's death online: Be sure to acknowledge that suicide has underlying issues — and those issues can be addressed. The focus, she adds, should be on his incredible life. It certainly shouldn't celebrate or glorify how he died.
“A quarter of the population suffers from mental health issues that could potentially drive suicidal thoughts,” Moutier said. “This is a very important issue, from a public health standpoint, and one we need to bring to light.”
Lt. Keith Boyd of the Marin County Sheriff's Office said the body of Robin Williams was found by his assistant on the morning of Aug. 11. The comedian and actor had apparently hanged himself with a belt. (Reuters)
Read more: Older white males like Williams face a higher suicide risk
caption Dwayne Johnson in his co-branded Under Armour T-shirt. source Facebook/Dwayne Johnson
Actor and athlete Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson posted a statement on his Facebook page condemning the Under Armour CEO's praise for Trump.
"His words were divisive and lacking in perspective," Johnson wrote. "Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions ofUnder Armour's partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO."
Ad
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank said "to have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country" when asked about Trump in an interview on CNBC Tuesday. Under Armour later released a statement saying Plank's remarks applied only to business matters such as job creation, and that the company is concerned with "policy not politics."
Angry customers called for a boycott of the brand on social media, and athletes with endorsement contract with Under Armour such as Steph Curry and Misty Copeland have already stated their disagreement with Plank's remarks. Both also restated their commitment to Under Armour's brand, as Johnson did in his statement.
"I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them," he wrote.
Ad
Johnson has a long-term partnership contract with Under Armour that was signed in 2015 to create a range of co-branded apparel, footwear, and accessories.
See Johnson's full statement here:
PayPal(s ebay) has said 2012 will be a learning year as it rolls out its in-store payment system. But that doesn't mean it will all be small pilot programs this year. A company spokesman told Bloomberg that it expects to be in more than 2,000 Home Depot(s hd) stores by March.
PayPal said on its quarterly earnings conference call earlier this week that it is expanding its Home Depot trial this week to 51 stores, mostly in the Bay Area. But now, it's saying that it will extend service to all Home Depot stores, which numbers more than 2,200 in the U.S.
Advertisement
PayPal doesn't expect its in-store system to affect revenue this year, but next year is when it plans to really scale up. John Donahoe, eBay's CEO, who is interim PayPal president since Scott Thompson left for Yahoo(s yhoo), said on the earnings call that he's looking to set the stage for a big worldwide rollout next year that covers every vertical.
PayPal has made some key moves in establishing partnerships with point of sale software and hardware companies such as Ingenico and AJB Software Designs, which allows it to scale up quickly by having the system ready to go when retailers sign on. It's also been talking to VeriFone(s pay), which appears to be close to announcing an agreement soon.
If it can line up a lot of retailers, PayPal has a chance at changing the way people pay, shifting many purchases away from credit and cash. And it's an alternative to the NFC-based mobile payments systems from Google Wallet (s goog) and Isis. PayPal is increasingly becoming the engine of growth for eBay, increasing revenues by 28 percent last quarter. PayPal expects mobile payments volume will grow to $7 billion in total this year and that doesn't factor in PayPal's in-store initiatives. If PayPal can get the in-store system right, that could make PayPal the dominant business for eBay.
A magnitude 8.2 earthquake struck Russia'a Far East in the Sea of Okhotsk off the Kamchatka Peninsula, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
The epicenter of the quake was located 244 miles west north west of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy at a depth of 385 miles, the USGS said.
Russian emergency authorities lifted a tsunami warning on Friday several minutes after they announced one, following the earthquake.
The main city of Kamchatka is home to a nuclear submarine base and Russia's largest liquified natural gas project is in Sakhalin.
A regional branch of the Emergency Situations Ministry issued the warning for Sakhalin and the Kurile islands, urging residents to seek high ground after the 8.2 magnitude earthquake at sea, but lifted the warning less than 10 minutes later.
This story is developing. Please check back for further updates.
Click here for the latest on the markets.
Ex-president Bill Clinton may be a daddy
(INTELLIHUB) — Danney Lee Williams of Little Rock, Arkansas has claimed since the 1990's that he's Bill Clinton's long lost, illegitimate “black son.”
Earlier this year, Williams called upon incumbent President Barack Obama as well as Clinton's former mistress Monica Lewinsky to help him get DNA samples from the former US president.
In a Facebook post on Wednesday, Williams thanked everyone who has followed his journey in 2016 to uncover the truth about President Bill Clinton being his father.
“I held two press conferences (i.e. in Las Vegas and Washington, D.C) and partook in a lot of interviews across the country in attempt to reach out to my father. At this time, my attorney and I have not heard anything from President Clinton, ” he said.
“We are now moving forward with the paternity lawsuit in our home state of Arkansas, where there is no statue of limitation for this legal action. I chose to cease all my interviews for December, so I could spend time with my children.”
On November 23, he tweeted, “I'm preparing to take @billclinton to court for a paternity suit. I need the help of my supporters” along with a link to his GoFundMe page.
I'm preparing to take @billclinton to court for a paternity suit. I need the help of my supporters. https://t.co/57R6EGXUNk — Danney Williams (@danney_williams) November 22, 2016
In October this year, Williams uploaded a mini-documentary video to YouTube in which which he says he regularly tells his children that Clinton is his father.
“Recently I have been telling my kids that their grandfather was the president of the United States and they're amazed by it, they're like ‘No. Is it for real?' I tell them yes, he is my father and I will make sure you get to meet him one day,” he says in the video.
He also says that growing up, his family would receive ‘seven $100 bills' each month by mail as well as Christmas presents delivered by Arkansas state troopers, but it all stopped when Clinton became president in 1993.
Williams has long claimed that his poverty-stricken prostitute mother met Clinton when she was working on the streets of Little Rock, Arkansas. He claims she told him Clinton slept with her back in the 1980's on at least 13 occasions while he was still governor of Arkansas.
He apparently met her while jogging by her housing project and came back days later, allegedly paying Bobbie Ann $200 for her services
Eventually, when Bobbie Ann gave birth to a light-skinned boy in 1985, she suspected Clinton was the father because he was her only white client.
Williams has been asking for a DNA test from Bill Clinton for decades. The Clintons claimed there was a DNA test conducted in 1999 which disproved Bill was the father, but it was later reported that such a test was never conducted.
“The so-called DNA test allegedly conducted by the STAR tabloid in 1999 which supposedly proved that Danney Williams is not Bill Clinton's son is a FRAUD,” Williams said in an October Facebook post.
“Funny the STAR was owned by Bill Clinton's Georgetown college classmate Robert Altman who has given the Clintons over $1M and who was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Treasury until he was forced to resign in an ethics scandal.”
After the STAR tabloid was sold, D.C. insider Roger Stone went to the new owners to see the documentation on the test, but they admitted there is no test.
As InfoWars reported: “Williams has never met his famous and wealthy father, but the puffy eyes, the cheeks, the nose, and the big, mischievous smile are unmistakable. Danney, 30, lives outside Little Rock and looks and sounds just like his biological father Bill Clinton.”
“I read he doesn't have long to live and I want to meet him face to face before he dies,” Danney told Newsmax. “I just want to shake his hand and say ‘Hi, Dad,' before he dies.”
Caleb Stephen is a freelance journalist, independent commentator, political activist and the founder and Editor-In-Chief of The Caleb Report (Calebreport.com) He is also a contributing writer and editor of WeAreChange.org.
Visit his website calebstephen.com and follow him on Twitter @CalebsOfficial.
©2016. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.
Featured Image: Danny Williams-Clinton/Facebook
June 8, 2009: Apple promotes its 13-inch MacBook to join the MacBook Pro family, adding a speed bump, new FireWire 800 port, the first SD card slot on a MacBook, improved LED-backlit screen, and backlit keyboard across all models.
Coming the year after Apple radically upgraded its MacBooks with a new aluminum unibody design, the update is more about evolution than revolution. But it still makes for a pretty darn great laptop!
A Pro-verhaul
Although standard across Apple's devices today, the unibody aluminum design was cutting-edge in 2009. It replaced the white plastic of previous MacBooks, which borrowed from the visual look and feel of the iPod.
The push to divide the MacBook clearly into two lines, with the Pro products on one side and the Air on the other, became a necessity when Apple introduced the MacBook Air in 2008. (It's also the sort of simplified naming convention that Apple seems to be moving away from again.)
In terms of specs, the 2009-era 13-inch MacBook Pro boasted an Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo processor with a choice of 2.26 GHz or 2.53 GHz processor, choice of 2GB or 4GB of RAM, and 160GB or 250GB hard disk. Graphics came courtesy of an NVIDIA GeForce 9400M integrated GPU.
The display brought considerably improvements in terms of color gamut and visibility across different viewing angles.
Best of all, the new laptop offered these improvements while boasting 40 percent longer battery life, thanks to a new built-in lithium polymer battery
In a break from Apple's current practices, the laptop also received a price cut — despite its new “Pro” title. On launch, the 2009 13-inch MacBook Pro started at $1,199 and ran up to $1,499. Today, you can pick one up on eBay for a couple hundred bucks. With the right patches, it can just about manage the current macOS.
Did you own this laptop? What was your first MacBook (or older Apple laptop) model? Leave your comments below.
CLOSE Detroiter is suing the Detroit Land Bank Authority over the demolition of his childhood home. He says he was still living in the house and the demolition destroyed his life. Land bank lawyers say he's just trying to embarrass and harass the land bank with his suit. Wochit
Buy Photo This is lot where Daniel Murray's family home once stood. The Detroit Land Bank Authority had it torn down. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Daniel Murray says his lifelong home on Detroit's west side was seized by the city's Land Bank Authority in an ambush-style eviction — his photos, mother's antiques and the family china cabinet among belongings tossed into a Dumpster and hauled away. Two months later, the property was demolished with federal money at a cost of $22,030.
The Detroit Land Bank says the building was blighted, utilities were shut off, Murray wasn't living in the house and he never owned the property. And he just wants to embarrass and harass the land bank with a lawsuit filed in Wayne County Circuit Court naming the authority and Rickman Enterprise Group, the demolition contractor, seeking more than $25,000 in damages.
More on Freep.com:
Duggan: Nobody from the mayor's office has been subpoenaed, questioned in demolition probe
Pontiac Silverdome demolition could start within 45 days
2 years after mystery home demolition, Detroit will clean up mess
But earlier this month, the judge in the case, David Groner, denied the land bank's request to dismiss Murray's suit. Among his findings, Groner said Murray had "stated a claim for wrongful eviction" under state law and the lawsuit could proceed.
Murray declined to be interviewed. But through his attorney, he issued this statement:
“This house was my home. I grew up there, my family lived there, I lived there, and I kept everything there. I told the Land Bank I was living there and wanted to stay. By destroying the house, the Land Bank destroyed my life.”
Craig Fahle, spokesman for the land bank, said money from the U.S. Treasury Department's Hardest Hit Fund was used to demolish the house. The Hardest Hit Fund is the largest single source of the city's demolition dollars and the money comes from the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
According to Christy Goldsmith Romero, the special inspector general for TARP, the Hardest Hit Fund should not be used to uproot people from their homes.
Fahle pointed to the land bank's court filings and other records, which contend Murray wasn't living in the house and had not lived there for a long time.
This home on Quincy is at the center of a legal battle between Daniel Murray and the Detroit Land Bank Authority. Murray is suing the land bank, alleging he was improperly evicted from his childhood home. The land bank contends he didn't own the home and wasnt living there when it demolished the property in 2016. (Photo: Detroit Land Bank Authority)
"Treasury intended that the HHF Blight Elimination Program prevent foreclosures by combating the ills associated only withvacant and abandoned properties, rather than lived-in residences," according to a December 2015 letter from Romero to the Treasury secretary that SIGTARP provided to the Free Press.
The Hardest Hit Fund was launched in 2010 to help homeowners affected by the Great Recession avoid foreclosure. The HHF Blight Elimination Program was announced in 2013.
Detroit has spent roughly $120 million in hardest-hit money for demolition, and expects to spend an additional $132 million.
After taking office in 2014, Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan launched an ambitious effort to tear down 40,000 abandoned buildings across the city. To date, the city, the land bank and the Detroit Building Authority have demolished about 11,700 structures, mostly houses in neighborhoods, but not without problems.
The FBI and SIGTARP have launched an investigation, and on Tuesday, Duggan's office confirmed that a federal grand jury has issued a subpoena related to the demolition program. Duggan said his office is not a target of the investigation.
The Treasury suspended payments for blight removal in Detroit for two months last year during a review that led to new procedures to evaluate bids and pay contractors.
The city's auditor general has been auditing the program.
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality is negotiating a consent order or judgment with the city over the mishandling of asbestos at demolition sites. Any judgment or order will include financial penalties.
Josh Akers, an assistant professor at the University of Michigan-Dearborn who has followed the land bank and teaches geography and urban studies, said the land bank's issues reflect a lack of controls and expertise to manage a large-scale demolition program, especially one with a strong emphasis on speed.
Akers said oversight is complicated by multiple sources of demolition funds, each with different rules.
Akers said he is familiar with Murray's case, and believes the land bank should figure out what happened, instead of calling Murray and his neighbors liars, and being so "adamant ... about their right to tear down his house. You can't give Daniel his house back, but you can look at your processes to ensure it doesn't happen again."
Akers said the land bank doesn't have "that kind of internal capacity. No wonder they're facing so many other outside challenges from the various agencies that oversee them."
Fahle, the land bank spokesman, declined comment on Murray's situation, citing the pending lawsuit. But he pointed to stronger controls adopted in 2016 to ensure all state and federal guidelines are followed properly.
According to his lawsuit, Murray's parents bought the house in 1961, when he was 8, and he continued to live there after their deaths; his father in the 1970s, his mother in the 1990s. But he didn't have title to the house. The structure was forfeited to the Wayne County treasurer for non-payment of taxes in September 2011 and ended up in the hands of the land bank in April 2014.
Murray, who is 64 and receives federal disability benefits, said he was not aware that the land bank owned the property until he got a call from a neighbor, Maurice Gambrell, who said two men had pried open the door to his house with a crowbar, according to the lawsuit.
Gambrell said the men told him in April 2016 that Murray's house was on the city's demolition list and they were there to empty it, the lawsuit said.
Murray was in Southfield at the time, watching his grandchildren, and rushed back to Quincy Street, which is northeast of Livernois and Fenkell, to confront the men and make a police report, the suit said.
The men took Murray's medications and about $250 in cash, the suit claims. They had also strewn other belongings around the house, damaged the blinds and removed the front door.
Murray scrambled to find out what was going on: He wrote to U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., and other elected officials, and soon after got a call from Fahle, the land bank spokesman. Fahle told him that the land bank owned the property, according to the lawsuit.
Fahle assured Murray the land bank would not demolish the house, the suit says.
In May, late on a Friday afternoon, Murray got another call from Gambrell while watching his grandchildren: A Dumpster had been parked next to the house and an eviction appeared imminent.
Murray called the land bank again to remind officials he was still living in the house, the suit said.
Fahle sent a message to three other officials saying: "We need an inspector to check for occupancy, Caller Daniel Murray claims to still live in the house," according to the suit.
But on the following Monday, about 7 a.m., an eviction team was at the house, throwing Murray's things into a Dumpster.
Buy Photo Maurice Gambrell talks on June 2 about his neighbor, Daniel Murray, who contends he was living in a home on Quincy in Detroit when it was torn down by the Detroit Land Bank Authority. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)
Because it was before business hours, Murray couldn't reach the land bank, and because he didn't have a car that morning, he couldn't get back to Detroit to stop the eviction, his suit says.
When he finally returned to Detroit several days later, the Dumpster and his things were gone.
"This ambush-style eviction has been deeply traumatic and disruptive to Murray's life. He lost the home he had lived in since age 8, that his deceased parents had purchased. He is now without a home and is renting a room at a family member's house," the suit says.
"Additionally, Murray lost essentially all of his belongings that he kept in the house," including clothes and furniture. As a person who receives disability and food assistance benefits, "these cannot be easily replaced."
"Moreover, a price cannot be put on the countless other of his deeply personal family possessions, including family pictures, his family china cabinet, and his mother's antiques," the suit claims.
The land bank, in court records, said Murray wasn't living in the house, and cited inspections of the property by contractors in 2014 and 2016.
"There were NO credible or reasonable signs of human occupancy at the property" during the time the land bank owed the building, land bank lawyers told the court. "The property was confirmed vacant and abandoned through multiple investigations and indicators."
However, the CEO of a company that did a 2014 inspection said in a sworn statement that it was an "external inspection only."
In other court filings, the land bank said it couldn't answer questions about whether other inspectors went inside Murray's house because the information "is outside the Detroit Land Bank Authority's scope of knowledge."
The land bank said gas and electricity to the property were shut off in December 2015. It said the water was turned off in 2008, which Murray's lawyer, Matt Clark of Detroit, disputed.
"Plaintiff's claims are frivolous," the land bank told the court in asking that the case be dismissed. "It is quite clear that plaintiff has pursued this course of action with the primary purpose to embarrass or injure the defendant ... Plaintiff has engaged in a campaign of libel and slander."
According to an October 2016 memo by the land bank's demolition director, Becki Camargo, Murray did not live at the property at the time of the inspections or demolition. She said he never owned the house and never produced a lease.
"Therefore the demolition was proper and did not require an eviction," Camargo wrote. "Any personal property left behind in the house was abandoned long ago when Mr. Murray moved out."
Rickman, the demolition contractor, said in court filings that it first learned of Murray's concerns when it received a copy of his lawsuit. Rickman's lawyer, Anthony Adams, did not return calls seeking comment.
Three of Murray's neighbors have signed sworn affidavits saying he lived in the house.
"Anyone who looked at 15745 Quincy from the street would have seen that the home was occupied and not abandoned. The lawn was continuously mowed and otherwise kept up, the doors and windows were locked, there were possessions in the home, and a gate was up around the yard," said neighbor Shona Butts.
Two other neighbors, Dwayne Lee and Gambrell, said Murray would regularly shovel the snow, mow the lawn and take out the trash. Lee said he would "often see the lights on in Daniel's house."
In an interview on his front porch, Gambrell said: "It's not fair the way they took the house down." He said Murray's house could have been fixed up for less than the more than $22,000 spent on the demolition.
David Harris of Southfield said in an affidavit that he and Murray grew up as neighbors on Quincy and have known each other for more than 50 years. Harris said he would pick him up at his house twice a week to take him on errands because Murray didn't have a car.
He said he went inside Murray's house frequently, and it was "where he kept all his possessions. He was not a resident at any other home."
Contact Jennifer Dixon: 313-223-4410 or jbdixon@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2sIyGNq
Even if you aren't a health nut, it is hard to dislike the sweet taste of fresh coconut. Those of you who've had it don't need convincing, while those of you who haven't needed to buy one as soon as possible.
The nutritional value of coconut is off the charts, too. A mature coconut is high in fiber, vitamins and healthy fats.
Advertisements
Coconut helps remove cholesterol from your blood, improve your metabolism and digestion, and reduce neurological disorders. You may have even heard reports that coconut water was used as an IV drip in WWII for emergency plasma transfusion.
There's just the one little thing of removing the coconut shell that can give you a hard time. It can be a real turn off if you don't know how to easily crack open the shell and remove the flesh.
Well, it's no rocket science. The tricky part is just removing the inner flesh that is stuck to the hard shell.
What if you were to learn that not only can you easily remove a coconut's hard shell, but there are also ways to get the complete coconut flesh intact? It is definitely worth a try.
Advertisements
Here are four household tricks to easily crack open a coconut.
Method 1: Using a Hammer and Knife
Things you'll need:
Coconut
Hammer (or cleaver or chef's knife)
Paring knife
Step 1. Drain the coconut water
Before opening the coconut, use your paring knife to easily cut through one eye of the coconut to reveal the flesh inside. Make a hole to drain the water into a glass.
Out of the three eyes in the coconut, one is softer than the others and can be easily punctured with a sharp object. You need to find that soft eye.
Advertisements
Step 2. Hit the coconut all around the middle
Hit the coconut with the hammer in the middle (at the bulge) and keep rotating it so the blows land equally all along its center. It is like hitting the earth all along its equator.
You will see cracks developing on it and eventually it will break into two pieces.
Advertisements
Alternatively, you can use the back side of a cleaver or a chef's knife to strike the shell.
Step 3. Remove the flesh from the shell
Now, if you are comfortable using a paring knife to remove the flesh from the shell, then go ahead.
For those of you looking for an easier process, pick up a piece of shell that has the flesh still attached and hit the back of the shell with the hammer. You will have your flesh out in no time. Way easier than trying to remove it with a knife (unless you are more comfortable with the knife).
Now enjoy your fresh coconut.
Advertisements
Method 2: Heating in an Oven
Things you'll need:
Coconut
Hammer
Step 1. Drain the coconut water
Before you heat the coconut, use a thin screwdriver or an ice pick to puncture the coconut's soft eye and drain its water into a glass.
Step 2. Heat the coconut in the oven
Place the coconut in a preheated oven for 15 minutes. The oven temperature must be 400°F (approx. 200°C).
Step 3. Take the coconut out of the oven
Carefully remove the coconut from the oven after 15 minutes. You will see that much of the coconut will have cracked already.
Be careful while removing the coconut, as a few drops of coconut water might ooze out of the punctured eye.
Step 4. Crack open the shell
Hit the coconut shell all around with the hammer, removing the shell as it becomes loose. In most cases, your shell will crack open into two or three pieces, giving you the inner flesh intact.
Now enjoy your coconut.
Advertisements
Method 3: Deep Freezing
Things you'll need:
Coconut
Hammer
Step 1. Freeze the coconut
Put the coconut in the freezer and keep the temperature to a minimum. It has to be kept in the freezer for 12 hours.
Step 2. Remove the coconut from the freezer
After 12 hours, remove the coconut from the freezer.
Step 3. Crack open the coconut
Since the coconut is frozen, the shell will be really hard. This process will take a bit more time than others, but the results will be rewarding.
Hit the coconut shell in a circular manner. Here, instead of hitting it in the middle, hit the coconut a bit above and below the center.
To understand this, think if it were the earth. You'd have to hit all along the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn.
In a minute, you will have your intact coconut.
Things you'll need:
Coconut
Hammer
Chisel or flat-head screwdriver
Ice pick or thin Phillips screwdriver
Step 1. Drain the coconut water
Before opening the coconut, use your ice pick or Phillips screwdriver to make a hole in the coconut's soft eye and drain its water into a glass.
Step 2. Remove the bottom of the coconut
Place an ice pick or a thin Phillips screwdriver near the bottom of the coconut (where there are no eyes). That is, if it were the earth, you'd have to place it at one point in the Antarctic Circle.
Hammer the ice pick into the shell. When it has penetrated a quarter inch, use it like a lever to open the bottom cap.
Step 3. Remove the rest of the shell
Place the thin edge of the chisel (or flat-head screwdriver) in between the flesh and the inner side of the shell.
Where your chisel is stuck between the flesh and the shell, use the hammer to hit the outside of the shell on either side of the chisel. Cracks will develop and a part of the shell will come off soon enough.
Continue the process to remove the entire shell and get the coconut flesh intact.
Additional Tips
Always shake your coconut before buying it to ensure that it has sufficient water in it. Coconut without water means it has turned bad.
In your first try, it is not necessary that you get the coconut flesh intact without a few cracks in it. But the point is, it is far more desirable than scraping it off the shell piece by piece using a knife.
The dark brown skin of the coconut flesh is rich in fiber and totally edible. It has a subtle woody flavor, too. If you don't like the dark brown skin, you can use a vegetable peeler to remove it easily.
Be careful while removing the coconut flesh from a knife to avoid any injury.
If using the oven method, remove the coconut from the oven and dip it immediately in ice cold water to make the process even easier.
In commemoration of the launch of Stormblood, we're excited to welcome adventures back with the "Welcome Back to Eorzea" campaign! Pick up your adventures where you left off with special items that can be exchanged for item level 260 equipment during the campaign period!
What's more, we're offering special incentives to those willing to transfer from high population Congested Worlds to designated low population Preferred Worlds. This includes a waiving of transfer fees, and 10 gold chocobo feathers which can be exchanged for in-game items.
Learn more about new world and world population balancing incentives
Welcome Back to Eorzea Campaign
Eligibility
Players who have subscribed to FINAL FANTASY XIV prior to January 15, 2017 and have not logged into the game launcher between Monday January 16, 2017 and Sunday, June 11, 2017.
* Players who are playing the Free Trial version are not eligible.
* To confirm eligibility, log in to the Mog Station, proceed to Your Account, and select "View additional items" under Service Account Status. You should find a listing which reads "Welcome Back to Eorzea Campaign (STORMBLOOD)."
* Updated June 30, 2017.
Campaign Period
Monday, June 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. (PDT) to Thursday, July 20, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. (PDT)
Campaign Bonus Items
When logging into the game with an eligible character, you will be given 10 silver chocobo feathers that you can use to exchange for item level 260 gear (body and legs) and item level 230 weapons. Silver chocobo feathers can be exchanged via the Calamity Salvager NPC located in each city-state.
* Silver chocobo feathers will be sent to characters via the Moogle Delivery Service.
* If you have reached the maximum number of campaign item letters (20), you will need to delete previously stored/read campaign item letters to clear space so that the new letter can be delivered.
* Bonus items will be delivered to all characters on an eligible service account.
Be sure not to miss out on this great opportunity!
The court covers are on, the recycling bins are full of empty bottles of Moet and Henman Hill has reverted to a quiet mound. Wimbledon is over for another year. As an avid spectator from my sofa, I love Wimbledon. I would usually proclaim how much I love the whole Wimbledon fortnight, but this year it has to be said the tournament did not come alive until week two.
The first week seemed to comprise, as it often does, high-ranking players trouncing competitors outside the top 100. The only question was how quickly they could do it. The aim in the early rounds is to spend as little time as possible on court; wonderful for the players, not quite so wonderful for the spectators.
However, eventually we were rewarded with what turned out to be a classic final. The five set clash between Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic was everything that we hoped for and more; the twists and turns, the incredible comeback from Djokovic. In fact it was the first time someone had recovered from being championship point down since 1948. The match lasted just under four hours.
Twenty-four hours earlier Petra Kvitová and Eugenie Bouchard had taken to the stage for the women's final . It was outstanding tennis but only outstanding from one player. Over in just 55 minutes, Kvitová proved that she was untouchable. The press coverage beforehand had all been about Bouchard, the young, attractive newcomer who had supposedly had a row with Laura Robson. Kvitová stuck two fingers up at the press purely by the quality of her tennis.
But seriously, how can spectators get as excited about a match that lasts just 55 minutes - versus one that goes on for hours - with many more twists and turns?
The players in both finals received equal prize money. The battle for equal prize money in the men and women's game was hard fought and only achieved seven years ago. There is no difference in how much effort a woman has to make to be a top-level tennis player. There is no difference in the cost of coaches, physiotherapists, flights and sacrifice.
Novak Djokovic celebrates his glorious win
However, the one argument that still abounds against equal prize money is that the women play less tennis. This year's finals threw that difference into stark contrast.
So should the women play five sets or should the men only play three? Is there a case for equal pay for equal work? There is no doubt that the women could play five sets. The marathon is not reduced to 17 miles for women. They are physically just as capable of playing the long game. They may take a while to get used to it but they would surely adjust.
The Grand Slams are the only events where the men play five sets and rightly so. The Slams need to stand out from the other tournaments. The stakes need to be higher.
A five set match takes some of the nerves out of the equation. Last year Sabine Lisicki was clearly overcome in the first set of the final. By the time she had found her game it was too late. Perhaps by the third set we would have had a real match on our hands?
Would the spectators have an appetite for five sets all through the tournament though? Could the solution be for the men and women to play three sets until the second week when it would increase to five? One advantage of this is that it might encourage more of the top men to play in the doubles. The top women are more likely to play in the doubles because of the shorter matches. They are therefore, technically able to earn more prize money.
Women's sport has developed hugely over the last decade. We see achievements that skeptics never thought possible. The London 2012 Olympics proved to us that actually it doesn't matter if it is a man or woman competing. What matters is that we have an emotional investment in who wins. We need to know the players. We need to see them struggle and strive.
This debate really needs to be had. Equality does not always have to mean ‘exactly the same' but in this instance equal prize money gets harder to defend if the ‘work' is not equal. Until 1960 women were allowed to run no further than 200 metres. But this is not the 1960's. Women's football matches are not shorter than men's. Let's silence the critics for once and for all. Give women the chance to show they are up to the task. I have no doubt they will rise to the occasion.
Break Science Website
Facebook
Twitter The Brooklyn based electronic duo, Break Science kick off 2012 with the release of their second EP entitled Monolith Code (Pretty Lights Music). As seasoned producers and touring veterans, Adam Deitch and Borahm Lee have produced and performed with everyone from The Fugees, Wu Tang Clan, and Talib Kweli, to reggae legend Lee Scratch Perry and Miles Davis collaborator, John Scofield. On Monolith Code, Break Science evokes a wide spectrum of electronic genres filtered through a musician's lens, all while moving people spiritually AND on the dance floor.
"Monolith Code is the innate message we have to decipher to get to the next step in our evolution" says Lee. "The monolith represents a transition into a higher level of consciousness. A spark that initiates us to consider wider possibilities and ideas. The code is the system to express this transformation. Containing information from the past, present and future, it holds the key to unlock our potential as spiritual beings."
Adam Deitch describes the musical process behind the record. "We understand that to bring our vision to life, we have to spend just as much time on the programmed elements as we do on the live elements. Our goal is to blend these elements seamlessly, so everything comes together in an organic way. Our music is layered with different frequencies and sonic textures so it becomes something you can listen to multiple times and STILL hear new elements you might have missed the first time. We are influenced by everything from hip-hop and glitch, to jazz, soul, vinyl drum breaks and dub. We like certain elements of dubstep and drumstep (especially that BASS) and try to incorporate that sound in a fresh, new way."
Break Science is poised to make their biggest mark yet onto the burgeoning livetronica scene. Joining forces with a movement of new electronic artists on the Pretty Lights Music label, this potent duo will continue to push the boundaries of modern music.
Manic Focus Website
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram Manic Focus is the beat-bumpin' project of John “JmaC” McCarten, a Chicago-based electronic music producer hailing from the Twin Cities. A multi-dimensional artist with a rowdy style unbound to any one genre, Manic Focus transcends sound waves by fusing soulful blues with heavy-hitting bass, creating a resonating tone that's entirely his own. Over the last 6 years, JmaC has released five full-length albums, each one a new evolution in sound and approach. He has also completed a slew of official remixes for artists such as GRiZ, The Floozies, Lettuce, Minnesota and Pretty Lights, and released several works with Pretty Lights Music veterans Break Science.
On the road, JmaC has been steadily building his live performance to include additional musicians and elements of production. Jacob Barinholtz is now a mainstay on the drums, and other musical co-conspirators join the two on select dates around the country. He's also been known to incorporate surprise guests such as Big Gigantic's Dominic Lalli, GRiZ, The Floozies' Matt Hill, and Russ Liquid, to name a few. Occasionally, fans are treated to the rare live fusion of Break Science and Manic Focus, taking the stage as Manic Science. Recent live highlights include performances at The Gorge Amphitheater in WA and Red Rocks Amphitheater in CO, both dates as support for Pretty Lights. Summer 2017 has seen performances from Manic Focus at Summer Camp Music Festival, High Sierra Music Festival, Camp Bisco, and Summer Set Music Festival, to name a few.
In the studio, JmaC continues to push himself to new musical limits by incorporating original, sample-free recordings of many up-and-coming musical allies. This is especially apparent in the material from his most recent album, Minds Rising. Released in April 2017, Minds Rising is an infectious encapsulation of Manic Focus' roots in funk, soul, new-era hip hop, and electronic music. The album is an artful curation of the burgeoning Chicago music landscape and beyond, featuring appearances from cutting-edge hip hop artists, vocalists, producers, and musicians from across the country. Collaborators include Jennifer Hartswick of Trey Anastasio Band, Adam Deitch of Lettuce/Break Science, Russ Liquid, ProbCause, Late Night Radio, and more. Minds Rising is an opus two years in the making, and paints an aural illustration of Manic Focus' shift from producer to composer — one beat, instrument and verse at a time.
Whether it's at a small-town venue or a world-renowned music festival on his nationwide headlining tour, you won't want to miss a Manic Focus throw-down.
Brasstracks Website
Facebook
Twitter
I believe I am one of the few reviewers here that have actually read this book. It does not contain many of the elements some of the reviewers claim, but that is not necessarily an improvement.
This book is amusing, albeit unintentionally. The story begins with a rather nicely complicated, and ridiculous, infodump explaining how the "Anthropians" came to be. Giving dolphins' gills for a start seems rather dubious - as do otter/dolphin/deer hybrids. It then moves to a most unconvincing "romance" between Org's father, Og, and his mother - the daughter of a God, the end result of which has her running off with him and providing him with four heirs - the third of which is Org, our "legendary hero".
This story has a lot of problems. The writing style itself is a little bit tending to the pompous with the use of unnecessarily flamboyant words - something I don't usually mind that much - however Otterland does not always use the words in the appropriate context. He does not use "said" but instead uses derivatives, some of which make no sense when paired with the words. His character descriptions consist of fur and hair colour, eye colour and wing colour and all of his main characters are monochromatic (ie: Org is white, Forrest green etc). Amongst them all, Org and Christian are the only ones with personality. Since this lack of personality means the reader cannot differentiate between them, Otterland has helped by making each of the six supporting characters (not that they actually do much support - or much of anything, except make the reader want to sacrifice them to the elder gods) have a catch-phrase.
Which they use every time they speak.
Whether it fits what they're saying or not.
These are the phrases:
"... young master."
"In my Humble Opinion..."
"If you ask me..."
"Yo"
"Pardon me..."
And
"There's no Question..."
And since they always talk in this order... I need to ask him WHY????
Not only does his story need a serious edit, but his writing style lacks maturity. His battle scenes are unconvincing - with Org kicking some serious tail and the bad guys gloating and mocking the good guys, despite the fact the good guys outnumber them 7 to 1 for the most part. There is no drama, no descriptive prose put into the battle, and as the reader, I certainly would not care if any of the main characters had been ruthlessly slaughtered. Hell, I almost cheered.
Speaking of dying - Org seems to cry a lot when he imagines his friends are dead, but despite the presence of tears, he does not seem to actually mourn for them at all, and in fact when one of the characters made a bit of a mess-up and was exposed to the bad guys - Org actually turned him in and watched as they slaughtered him without even trying to help.
My opinion? Only read this book if you are a masochist, or find badly written books highly entertaining. It is far too niche to appeal to even the larger furry audience, and all-in-all the plot is entirely that of the Generic Fantasy Novel.
Oh, and Otterland uses both the term "mithrill" and "hobbit" - don't they belong to the Tolkein estate?
Org is some sort of Legendary Hero, and his world Anglia (England as the "Ancient race" knew it) is slowly being consumed by Evil and Darkness. Seven bat-winged Satans (symbolising the seven deadly sins) are at large and against them must stand... Seven bird-winged seraphim, to be lead by the pure white otter, Org, with his deer antlers, dolphin tail and gills. Follow Org's adventures as he travels Anglia, seeking the other heirs and paying more attention to how much things cost and eating nothing but fish rather then facing any real threats. Then he must journey to the lands of his grandfather (Odin, the God) and claim his Rune of Light. Thrill as he slays his enemies with a single blow. Mourn as his companions are taken from him (since he certainly doesn't). Frown when he suffers terrible injury that doesn't seem to affect him at all. Cringe as the phrase "In my humble opinion..." is followed by a question.
Livermore molestation defendant accused of trying to hire hit man
Andrew Nisbet, a Livermore youth golf coach accused of child sexual abuse. Andrew Nisbet, a Livermore youth golf coach accused of child sexual abuse. Photo: Handout, Courtesy Livermore Police Depart Photo: Handout, Courtesy Livermore Police Depart Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Livermore molestation defendant accused of trying to hire hit man 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A well-known Livermore golf coach charged with 75 felony counts alleging that he molested children is now facing accusations that he tried from jail to hire a hit man to kill three alleged victims.
Andrew Michael Nisbet, 32, wrote letters from Santa Rita Jail in Dublin expressing his interest in having the victims "taken care of," Alameda County district attorney's Inspector Jeff McCort wrote in a court affidavit.
Those letters, which included information about the alleged victims, ended up in the hands of a confidential informant, who in turn brought them to the attention of a sheriff's deputy in February, authorities said.
The informant later received more letters from Nisbet "agreeing on a price for each victim and that Nisbet can get the (informant) money," McCort wrote.
In March, a district attorney's inspector, posing undercover as a hit man, visited Nisbet in jail during a secretly recorded meeting, authorities said.
The inspector described himself as a "mechanic and could fix a car for him and made a pistol-shooting motion with his hand," McCort wrote, noting that the term "mechanic" is often used to mean hit man or contract killer.
Nisbet said that there were two "cars," one in Pleasanton and another in Santa Barbara, where one alleged victim attends college, authorities said.
The inspector asked Nisbet for the name of the person in Santa Barbara, and Nisbet "mouthed" the name and said the "car" was 21 years old, McCort wrote.
Nisbet allegedly agreed to pay his visitor money up front "to prove he was serious." The undercover inspector told Nisbet that he'd make it look like "someone got robbed for a cell phone and it wouldn't come back to Nisbet," the affidavit said.
A search of Nisbet's jail cell uncovered driving directions to the home of the alleged victim in Pleasanton and "many other letters" from Nisbet to the informant discussing the murder-for-hire plot, according to McCort.
Nisbet was arrested in December and charged with 65 felonies, including lewd acts with a child, oral copulation with a child, sending harmful matter and arranging a sexual meeting with a minor. Authorities said Nisbet sexually assaulted several boys between the ages of 12 and 17 between 2009 and 2012.
Prosecutors later added 10 more felony charges, including allegations that he possessed child pornography.
He now faces three additional felony counts of solicitation of murder.
Nisbet, who had worked at Las Positas Golf Course in Livermore since 2006 and was director of instruction, also trained students in Michigan, North Carolina, Mississippi and Alabama, authorities said.
Nashville Predators defenseman Shea Weber participated in an informal skate Thursday and said he "feels good" after last season ended prematurely because of a knee injury.
Weber, a three-time Norris Trophy finalist and the Predators captain, sustained a subluxed kneecap during Game 2 of the Western Conference First Round against the Chicago Blackhawks. He missed the remainder of the series, which Chicago won in six games, and had surgery in April.
"It's exciting to be back," Weber told the Predators website. "As more and more guys roll in here, it's just going to get more exciting and feel like we're ready to go for the season. It's good seeing familiar faces and try to get back into a routine."
Weber, who turned 30 on Aug. 14, had 15 goals and 30 assists in 78 regular-season games, helping the Predators finish second in the Central Division with 104 points. He said it was difficult to watch his teammates fall short in the first round of the playoffs, but the goal now is to build off what Nashville was able to accomplish in 2014-15 in its first season under coach Peter Laviolette.
The Predators open the season Oct. 8 against the Carolina Hurricanes at Bridgestone Arena.
"I spent a long summer thinking about that playoff series and what could have been," Weber said. "[The Blackhawks] ended up being the Stanley Cup champions, so we know we lost to a very good team. It's tough to know how close we were, and it motivates us for this year. We know we're capable of doing anything we put our minds to, but we also can't take our foot off the gas. There are a lot of teams that were in the playoffs a year before, and they're going to be looking to get back in there as well."
Google Fiber won't be offering packages of traditional television service in the future. In a recent blog post, the company has said it's focusing on its main goal—"to bring superfast Internet to more people."
When Fiber gets to its newest markets in Louisville and San Antonio, it's going to just offer Internet, without the traditional TV packages.
"[M]ore and more people are moving away from traditional methods of viewing television content," writes Google's Cathy Fogler. "Customers today want to control what, where, when, and how they get content. They want to do it their way, and we want to help them."
Google will continue to offer TV service in markets where it has already been offered, even though, as Fogler notes, more customers are choosing Internet-only options.
Customers that pay for traditional TV are a relatively small part of Google Fiber's customer base. The last reliable estimate, published earlier this year by DSLReports, shows that the service has just over 84,000 paying TV customers—although the meaning of that number is hard to decipher given that Google doesn't report the number of overall broadband subscribers.
The move away from traditional TV is getting a little shove from Google, as well. Google Fiber customers in Charlotte will see the price of their TV plans increase by $20 next year, while new customers will pay $30 more, the Charlotte Observer reported earlier this week. The prices for Internet-only customers haven't changed since the product launched in 2012.
Murillo Karam's management of the students' case is likely to forever frame his tenure as attorney general. The students went missing on Sept. 26 after municipal police opened fire on them in the southwestern city of Iguala. In January, Murillo Karam announced that the case was closed. In a 63-page report panned by critics for lacking sufficient evidence, Murillo Karam said that the 43 students were kidnapped, assassinated and incinerated by the local drug gang Guerreros Unidos.
Murillo Karam will be transferred to the ministry of agrarian and urban development, the official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said. He will be replaced by Arely Gómez González, a senator from the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam, who was harshly criticized for his handling of the disappearance of 43 students from a teachers college in Guerrero state, will step down, a senior government official said Friday.
One month after 43 students disappeared, schoolmates say government wants to get rid of them and their schools
Relatives and classmates of the students blasted Murillo Karam's investigation. Other critics have called the government's version of events implausible.
Despite the discovery of a series of mass graves during the search for the students, only one set of remains has been matched to a missing student. A forensics team from Argentina who worked on the case questioned those results, saying there were numerous problems with the investigation.
Classmates of the 43 missing students said the government was involved with the disappearance. And they argue it is trying to close the school at Ayotzinapa – where the missing students attended – and other "normal" schools, which provide free education and board for the rural poor to become teachers, because students are taught to question authority.
The disappearance of the "normalistas," as the students are called, has sparked the biggest political crisis of President Enrique Peña Nieto's administration and forced his government to place local police forces under federal control. Millions have marched in Mexico and abroad, calling on the government to return the students alive.
Mexico watchers say Murillo Karam will be remembered for the phrase "ya me cansé," or "enough, I'm tired," words he used to abruptly end a press conference in November regarding the missing students. The utterance sparked outrage in Mexico and was turned into a rallying cry by millions of protesters critical of Mexican government corruption and drug-fueled violence.
With wire services
Analogies, similes & metaphors found in high school essays ~ Her face was a perfect oval, like a circle that had its two sides gently compressed by a Thigh Master.
~ His thoughts tumbled in his head, making and breaking alliances like socks in a dryer without Cling Free.
~ He spoke with the wisdom that can only come from experience, like a guy who went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at high schools about the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it.
~ She grew on him like she was a colony of E. coli and he was room-temperature Canadian beef.
~ She had a deep, throaty, genuine laugh, like that sound a dog makes just before it throws up.
~ Her vocabulary was as bad as, like, whatever.
~ He was as tall as a six-foot-three-inch tree.
~ The little boat gently drifted across the pond exactly the way a bowling ball wouldn't.
~ From the attic came an unearthly howl. The whole scene had an eerie, surreal quality, like when you're on vacation in another city and Jeopardy comes on at 7:00 p.m. instead of 7:30.
~ Her hair glistened in the rain like a nose hair after a sneeze.
~ The hailstones leaped from the pavement, just like maggots when you fry them in hot grease.
~ Long separated by cruel fate, the star-crossed lovers raced across the grassy field toward each other like two freight trains, one having left Cleveland at 6:36 p.m. travelling at 55 mph, the other from Topeka at 4:19 p.m. at a speed of 35 mph.
~ John and Mary had never met. They were like two hummingbirds who had also never met.
~ He fell for her like his heart was a mob informant and she was the East River.
~ Even in his last years, Grandpappy had a mind like a steel trap, only one that had been left out so long, it had rusted shut.
~ The plan was simple, like my brother-in-law Phil. But unlike Phil, this plan just might work.
~ The young fighter had a hungry look, the kind you get from not eating for a while.
~ The ballerina rose gracefully en pointe and extended one slender leg behind her, like a dog at a fire hydrant.
~ He was deeply in love. When she spoke, he thought he heard bells, as if she were a garbage truck backing up.
~ She walked into my office like a centipede with 98 missing legs.
~ It hurt the way your tongue hurts after you accidentally staple it to the wall.
~ He was as lame as a duck. Not the metaphorical lame duck, either, but a real duck that was actually lame. Maybe from stepping on a land mine or something.
current rating: 3.42 (1254 votes) rate this joke: 1 2 3 4 5 terrible excellent Category List : School Jokes Random Joke
PROPOSALS to roll out a 20mph speed limit on major roads and residential areas across the entire Capital have been unveiled by the city council.
• Click here for full size map: Edinburgh East
• Click here for full size map: Edinburgh West
Speed limits on roads across the city, including the city centre, Leith, Stockbridge, the West End and Southside, would be lowered under the radical proposals.
The limit will be implemented on all residential streets, main shopping areas, city centre streets, and roads with high levels of pedestrian and cyclist activity.
But despite being marked as potential 20mph areas in the draft plan, a network of major arterial routes such as Queen Street, Leith Walk and the westbound A8 are expected to remain either 30mph or 40mph as transport chiefs attempt to promote public transport and make the city more appealing to walkers and cyclists.
Main shopping areas such as Corstorphine and Portobello high streets and roads near recreational locations such as the Meadows and Holyrood Park should also see 20mph speed limits introduced.Residential streets and those around schools and hospitals will also see the lower limit enforced.
A detailed map highlighting the suggested network of new 20mph and 30mph routes has been unveiled and is available to view on the Edinburgh City Council website. If approved the overall project would cost an estimated £2.5 million to implement.
Enforcement will mainly involve education and engineering measures, such as signage and speed bumps; however, community police officers with handheld speed guns are also a possibility, as revealed by the Evening News last week.
Leading cycle and pedestrian bodies have praised the plans while motoring organisations have also been largely supportive.
The proposals will now go out for a year-long public consultation and subject to approval will be implemented in September 2015.
City transport convenor and Cllr Lesley Hinds said: “We cannot stress enough that these are only draft proposals, nothing is cast in stone.
“We are asking for people's input as we are well aware that different people will have different views on which road should be 20mph and which road should be 30mph.
“I would urge anyone who wishes to add their voice to this debate to look at the plans online or attend their Neighbourhood Partnership or community council meeting.”
Cllr Hinds also told how the initial draft proposal was drawn up following consultation with representatives from a number of groups such as Police Scotland, the taxi trade, walking and cycling bodies, community councils and motoring organisations. She added: “Through these meetings it became quite clear that there is widespread
support for a 20mph limit in residential and shopping areas.”
Bus chiefs have given their support to the roll-out but voiced concerns that speed bumps should be avoided wherever possible.
This request has been largely accepted by the council, which has stated that they will not be used on those streets most likely to carry bus
services.
Lothian Buses chief executive Ian Craig said: “We note that the council intends to liaise with bus operators on how best to implement any specific schemes and we look forward to working with them to ensure that our bus services can still operate efficiently for the benefit of our passengers.”
David Spaven, of Living Streets Scotland, was also supportive of the plans labelling them “a real step in the right direction”.
He also pointed toward a recent survey compiled by the charity which showed that one third of all trips by Edinburgh residents are made on foot.
“People overlook walking as a mode of transport, but it's second only to the car.
“If you reduce the speed, you obviously reduce the danger and intimidation that many cyclists and pedestrians feel on city streets, you also reduce injuries and noise levels,” he said.
“The council has unveiled some good transport policies in recent years but the correct infrastructure must be put in place too.”
At present, under a council pilot project, around 2000 streets in the south of the city operate lower speed limits, controlled through speed bumps and traffic calming measures.
Alex Wilson, of Leith Business Association, said of a wider 20mph limit being rolled out in the north of the city: “I think it's common sense really.
“The issue is main arterial routes, I don't think anyone would argue for more than 20mph on a residential street or a road containing a school or hospital.
“However, I wouldn't particularly like to see Leith Walk becoming 20mph even though it is largely a shopping area. The road is wide enough for 30mph and to reduce the speed would only have a knock-on effect on buses.”
This view was voiced by Gordon Henderson, from the Federation of Small Businesses, who said: “To be honest it's difficult to get above 20mph on most city centre routes anyway so I don't see the fuss. Main roads and those roads wide enough to take traffic should obviously be kept flowing as smoothly as possible, a blanket 20mph limit would affect this.
“People often tend to forget that away from the city centre Edinburgh has some great town centres such as Portobello and Corstorphine and 20mph would really help them. You make the traffic slower and you make the area safer for shoppers and more attractive to visitors.”
Asked what he thought the impact of a lower speed limit on those entering the city for work would be, he said: “On main routes there's definitely a case for 30mph or 40mph but it's pretty hard to argue a case for those who drive down rat runs or residential streets at more than 20mph.”
An ambitious target of reducing overall car journeys by city residents to 31 per cent by 2020 from its current figure of 43 per cent was set by city chiefs back in February.
Key to achieving this is encouraging more public transport use through buses and trams twinned with an increase in the numbers walking and cycling.
Alison Johnstone, Green MSP for Lothian and co-convenor of the cross-party group on cycling, questioned whether the rollout could be implemented sooner.
She said: “The council is going in the right direction but the success of this plan will depend on how well lower speeds are enforced.
“I'm very disappointed that the city has to wait two years for this fairly straightforward measure to be put in place, and am not convinced that such a long consultation is needed given the high public support for lower speeds.”
The first city in the world to implement a 20mph limit was the Austrian city of Graz in 1992. When first introduced the speed limit had less than 50 per cent support, but within two years this had risen to more than 80 per cent.
The scheme also achieved a 12 per cent reduction in ­collisions with slight injuries and a 24 per cent reduction in serious injuries.
Future travel on the city's roads
THE draft proposals put forward for consultation by the council have earmarked large parts of the Capital as potential 20mph zones.
Residential areas in Portobello, Oxgangs, Sighthill, Clermiston, Blackhall, Craiglockhart, Comiston and Leith are among those which would see speed restrictions cut back if the plans get the backing of local residents. Most of the city centre, and streets around the Meadows are also earmarked for the restriction.
But while large sections of main routes such as Melville Drive, London Road, Dalkeith Road, Morningside Road, Dalry Road, Leith Walk and Fountainbridge – as well as Queen Street, York Place and Broughton Street – have all been suggested as possible 20mph zones, it is expected that many will remain 30mph zones following consultation.
ANALYSIS
By Neil Greig, The Institute of Advanced Motorists
This has been coming for a long time and seems to be well accepted in Edinburgh, we have had no real concern from our members.
No one is suggesting that because you drive a car you have a right to roar through a city centre, but a sensible approach must be adopted in terms of 30mph and 40mph on main arterial routes. There will be other individual roads that will become an issue as wider roads do not feel like they should be 20mph.
Overall, though, there is no real road safety issue in the centre of Edinburgh in terms of speed, as you barely get above 20mph anyway.
What is being represented here is a character change in terms of traffic in the city centre, changing the speed limit to 20mph encourages more pedestrians and walkers.
What annoys motorists is the thought there will be greater enforcement or a crackdown on them doing say 24 mph or 25mph on a 30mph road by heavy-handed police.
A 20mph limit is largely self-enforcing through signage and other road measures, there is no real need for police officers with speed guns, they don't have the technology or resources anyway.
The main fatalities on our roads occur on rural faster roads and that is where they should be deployed not catching people doing 23mph in the city centre.
Good design and widespread consultation is the key to the successful roll-out of 20mph zones as a road safety tool because limits that match the road environment enforce themselves.
A leading skeptic climatologist has declared himself so sick of being called a “denier” by climate alarmists that he is now going to call them out as “Nazis” in return.
Dr Roy Spencer, Principal Scientist at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, writes on his blog:
“Yeah, somebody pushed my button. “When politicians and scientists started calling people like me “deniers”, they crossed the line. They are still doing it. “They indirectly equate (1) the skeptics' view that global warming is not necessarily all manmade nor a serious problem, with (2) the denial that the Nazi's extermination of millions of Jews ever happened. “Too many of us for too long have ignored the repulsive, extremist nature of the comparison. It's time to push back. “I'm now going to start calling these people “global warming Nazis”.”
Bold move, Dr Spencer. But I foresee problems ahead: not because anything you are saying here is technically inaccurate but because the climate debate is all about double standards.
Here are some of the things you are not allowed to mention if you are a climate skeptic.
1. Hitler's Germany was the most eco-friendly regime in modern political history. As well as banning smoking on public transport and creating some of Europe's first nature reserves, the Nazis were heavily into wholefood and clean living. Himmler wanted to feed the SS on organic food only. Goering threatened to send people who were cruel to animals to concentration camps. (For further details, see Watermelons)
2. There is no such thing as a climate change “denier”. No one denies that climate changes. All that skeptics dispute is the degree to which man contributes to this largely natural – and unscary – process.
3. The environmental lobby uses the same tactics used by totalitarian movements through the ages – fascists, Nazis, communists, there's really no difference. These include: brainwashing the young and turning them against their parents (“Dad! You didn't recycle!”); outrageous and dishonest propaganda (for Triumph of the Will see An Inconvenient Truth); vicious personal attacks; judicial bullying (see the forthcoming Mark Steyn trial).
The reason you can't mention this stuff is a) Godwin's Law and b) – just like the plotters who tried to kill Hitler or the ones in Stalin's show trials – you've already been found guilty and deserve no defense.
However, if you're a climate alarmist none of these strictures apply. You can call climate skeptics – even high-end scientists like Dr Roy Spencer – anything you like because, hey, having reservations about a flimsy hypothesis like Anthropogenic Global Warming theory is at least as bad as denying that Hitler murdered six million Jews. Er, isn't it?
A man has been killed and five others were injured in a shooting in a New Orleans neighborhood.
New Orleans Police said in an emailed statement that the shooting occurred around 8pm Saturday in an area where a large crowd gathered.
Authorities responded to the area of Forstall Street and Burgandy Street after receiving reports about several men running around the area with guns.
A man has been killed and five others were injured in a shooting in a New Orleans neighborhood
Police said five males and a woman were found on the street and sidewalk with apparent gunshot wounds to the body.
The victims' ages range from 24 to 30 and the five others who were shot have injuries that are not life threatening, accoridng to WWL-TV.
Police said an alleged disagreement led to the shooting that took place during a party after a funeral.
The Advocate reports that some people said a funeral party was being held.
Police say a male died at the scene. The conditions of the other victims were not immediately known.
One person of interest is in custody. The names of the victims and suspect have not been released.
I was never comfortable talking about the church when I was member. Except with other members and even then I rarely went into details.Let me give you an example of why.Let's look at the Word of Wisdom. For those who don't know it's the code by which mormons live in regards to what is consumed food and beverage wise. Eg no alcohol, tea or coffee, no drugs, etc. As taught by the missionaries and in the class for new members it made sense. Alcohol can (and I mean can) be dangerous and coffee is addictive. Drugs, also quite obvious as it is smoking.It wasn't until a couple of years later when I came across the WoW (word of wisdom, not world of warcraft) in doctrine and covenants section 89 that it suddenly made no sense whatsoever. I remember being excited, thinking I'd gain a better understanding of the commandment instead it left me with a WTH? Feeling.It says that hot drinks are not for the belly. Yet hot chocolate us ok? I don't know if it was universal either but in my area herbal teas were ok, but not green tea (which is super healthy for you and is considered an herbal tea).It also talks about wine for the sacrament, and yet they use water. In fact the prayers for the sacrament say wine, and I remember searching for any info on when and why it was changed to water and came up with nada. I'm honestly suspecting (this is my opinion and I haven't researched this) but I suspect the change may have happened around the time of the prohibition.I also remember a discussion in Institute (a weekly or even bi weekly in some areas church class) there being a discussion about how meat should be eaten sparingly, even not at all and only in times when everything else is sparse. So shouldn't that mean we should be vegetarians? And yet quite a lot of members eat meat all year round.So when it comes to trying to tell others about this church, no wonder I felt anxious. I knew it was only a matter of time before someone would stump me with a question. And how easy it would be when there's already so much confusion within one of the biggest mormon beliefs. Especially since it has been changed and altered with time.I used to just chalk it up to continued revelation.But then when I learned how at one point in time there was the law of consecration, and for a time it worked. Until things eventually fell apart and they revoked the law. It made me uncomfortable because why would god instill it in the first place if the people were not ready? Was he all knowing or not?But it was a trial of faith yes? The whole thing made me uncomfortable. Looking back a lot of it made me uncomfortable. It wasn't until I decided to explore the why that I realized I needed to leave.
A campaign designed to put pressure on US card issuers to embrace chip and PIN, rather than just chip and signature, technology has been launched.
America is finally making the shift from magstripe-based payments to EMV, with the card firms setting a deadline of this October for retailers to upgrade their POS hardware. However, unlike in Europe, banks do not have to issue PINs with the new chip cards, meaning customers can sign for in-store purchases.
Explaining this decision back in 2012, Stephanie Ericksen, Visa's head of authentication product integration, argued that "we can rely on online processing where transactions are transmitted in real-time to the issuer for approval. With that in place, there's no need for the offline authentication that was the genesis of chip-and-PIN."
While some firms, such as JP Morgan Chase, have decided to go with chip and PIN anyway, many others have opted for the cheaper and simpler chip and signature option. Anre Williams, president, global merchants services, American Express, told Reuters that "It is the PIN management system that takes the effort".
A firm called Consumer Policy Solutions is now trying to build a public campaign - 'Protect My Data' - to "work with stakeholders across the spectrum to help equip Americans with the best and most proven protections available," and put pressure on firms to opt for chip and PIN.
The campaign cites president Barack Obama's move last year to sign an executive order mandating the use of chip and PIN technology at executive departments and agencies as an example that the private sector should follow.
Debra Berlyn, president, Consumer Policy Solutions, says: "With access to the most advanced technology available, there is no reason for this pattern of half-hearted efforts to continue. A crucial element in improving our current system is a migration from our outdated chip and signature payment cards to chip and PIN equipped payment cards."
(Reuters) - Sprint Nextel Corp extended a December 31 deadline for LightSquared Inc, with which it may share infrastructure, to get a regulatory clearance for operating a planned telecommunications network.
“We agreed to extend the deadline for 30 days,” a Sprint spokesperson told Reuters by email.
The agreement between the two companies for sharing network infrastructure is subject to LightSquared obtaining approval from the United States Federal Communications Commission regarding some interference issues.
In July, LightSquared, bankrolled by billionaire Philip Falcone, agreed to pay Sprint $9 billion over 11 years to build a high-speed wireless network that the telecommunications startup will use to sell wholesale services.
But before it can build its network, LightSquared has to prove to regulators that it can eliminate interference problems with satellite services used in everything from airline navigation to agriculture and construction.
Last month, Spanish police arrested 11 Islamist extremists who were operating at 17 locations across the country's northeastern region of Catalonia. After a year-long investigation, police detained ten men and one woman, aged 17 to 45, who were all “assumed to be implicated in diverse crimes related to jihadist terrorism, especially linked to Islamic State,” Reuters reported. Today, The Wall Street Journal confirmed those suspicions by reporting that the extremists, called the Islamic Fraternity for the Preaching of Jihad, had planned to destroy a Jewish bookstore in Barcelona:
The cell, which featured prominent roles for converts to Islam, tried to recruit fighters to join Islamic State in Syria and developed plans to bomb a Jewish bookstore in Barcelona and snatch and behead a captive, according to police and prosecutors in court documents.
These arrests bring the total number of persons detained in Spain so far in 2015 for suspected ties to terrorism to 42, according to Spain's Foreign Ministry. Last year, 46 such arrests were made.
The surveillance of the swelling number of terrorist operations in Spain is reflective of a larger such operation across Europe, which comes on the heels of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris in January, the slashing of a French anti-terror patrol outside a Jewish community center in Nice in February, and the recent rise of anti-Semitism across Europe.
Were the attack on the Jewish bookstore to have been executed as planned, it would have been horrific, to say the least. One can only wonder whether Western governments will be able to continue to gain a preemptive upper hand on the logjam of home-grown extremism, and that borne elsewhere.
Previous: French Soldiers Attacked Outside Jewish Center
Related: Why Is the Islamist Death Cult So Appealing?
If you're a typical natural who's just been accepted to Peace Corps, one of the first things you probably thought was, “Lord, what am I gonna do with this hair?” Will my favorite products be available? Will I wear my hair out or protective style? Who will do my maintenance trims? Just thinking about it can be stressful especially when you know you're going to serve in a country where you can't easily get braids installed (Shout out to the Sub-Saharan Africa volunteers). Having natural hair can be such a struggle bus in the Peace Corps but after more than a year of service, I've found the most perfect and practical solution to dealing with my hair while still maintaining its health.
First, let me give you a run down of my particular situation at site. I have running water 99.9% of the time so I'm able to wash my hair once a week. All of my products have been either sent to me or I've brought them back in bulk from the States. The only thing I buy in country is conditioner at the Sally Beauty supply in Lima (When I'm there I make sure to buy enough to last me a long time). My site is super hot and the sun is brutal so I wanted a solution that would protect my hair from drying out. And most importantly, I'm lazy – I don't have the motivation to style it and I wanted the easiest option but didn't exactly want to look raggedy either.
While I was vacationing in the States, I came up with the perfect solution and because I wish I would have thought about it way earlier, I'm going to share my routine in hopes that it'll rescue some prospective volunteer in their natural hair care worries. So here we go:
One: Wash Day is usually a Sunday and I am very good about making sure I wash once a week unless I'm traveling. When I wash my hair, I do it in two sections because I find that I use less shampoo that way. And when you can't just run to the beauty supply store, it's really important that you're conscious about how much product you're using. After I wash, I dry my hair with a t-shirt (actually, it's the ugly brown Peace Corps one they give all new volunteers at staging).
Two: While my hair is still damp, I take sections and I apply my conditioner. I usually apply conditioner to about eight different sections. Each section, I twist after the conditioner has been applied. Out of all the products, conditioner is the product that goes the fastest and so again, I am super conscious about how much I'm using because the last thing I want to do is take an emergency trip on the 24 hour bus just for some conditioner. After all the conditioned sections are twisted, I put a plastic bag over my head and wrap it in a do-rag.
Three: While my hair is conditioning under my plastic bag and do-rag, I'll do something like clean, do laundry, eat breakfast, etc. This time, I did a bentonite clay mask, ate pomegranate seeds, and watched an episode of Lock Up Raw on Netflix.
Four: Depending on my mood, the conditioner might be in my hair anywhere from 30 minutes to 4 hours. I have noticed lately that the longer I leave it in, the itchier my scalp is when I rinse it out. And scratching a tender, wet scalp is a recipe for scabs – yuck. So I've been trying to limit it to 30 minutes to an hour. However long it is, I just make sure that I never wash my hair without deep conditioning. Deep conditioning regularly is so important to a natural hair care regimen and really helps you to maintain moisture through the week.
Five: Now it's time to moisturize. I use the LOC (liquid, oil, cream) method. I use water for the liquid (it's the most important moisturizer!) Usually my hair is still pretty damp so I don't need to spray water on it. Next, I use coconut oil and finally I use a Cantu moisturizing cream. And because I'm extra vigilant, I seal my ends with a heavy shea butter. Additionally, I use Wild Growth Hair Oil to moisturize my scalp. All of this is done in sections, of course. After each section is moisturized, I twist the hair in a large fat twist. At the end of moisturizing, I'll have anywhere between 10 to 14 twists on my entire head. This takes about 45 minutes to an hour and because my hair retains moisture pretty well, I only have to do this once a week.
Six: After I'm all moisturized and twisted up, I'll take the twists and bobby pin them at the top of my head and put my trusty do-rag over it. And, voilà! That's it folks! I keep my hair tucked away everyday until the next wash day. Before coming back to Peru, I bought a nice head scarf to wear outside – it's black and white so it matches with pretty much all the clothes that I wear. So when I do need to work or run errands, I just slap on my sunglasses and head wrap over my do-rag and I'm presentable! I don't have to think about styling… EVER. More importantly, my hair is always up and away with very little manipulation for minimum breakage and maximum length retention.
Extras: Every six weeks, I do an Aphogee protein treatment (also brought over from the States). This helps reduce shedding, breakage, and builds the strength of your hair strands. And because I know that hair health also comes from the inside I drink about 2 liters of water a day. Well, really I drink that much because it's a million degrees outside but drinking sufficient amounts of water helps when you're trying to have healthy hair. Lastly, I make sure to take a daily multi-vitamin. I know Peruvian customs won't let you send over vitamins via care package and after having a care package sent back to the States because of vitamins, I learned that I can ask Peace Corps medical for them and they'll send them to me for free. So ask your PCMO if they are able to provide you with multi-vitamins before going through a care package nightmare.
I know that everyone's hair and realities at site can vary immensely, so don't take this post a cure all for Peace Corps natural hair woes but I hope that this can serve as a guide and solve some anxieties for any natural who has found themselves in this peculiar situation that we call Peace Corps service.
Advertisements
The city of Matamoros is under a virtual state of siege following two days of shootouts blockades and panic related to yet another ongoing struggle within the Gulf Cartel.
The shootouts began early Sunday morning and spread throughout the day leaving at least 13 gunmen dead, which state officials confirmed, however that figure appears to be relatively low because of the intensity of the shootouts.
On Monday afternoon, Mayor Leticia Salazar issued a statement warning the public to stay indoors because of the expected outburst of violence.
“At this point based on the information provided by federal authorities we are inclined to advise the public that violent incidents could spark throughout the city,” Salazar said in a prepared statement. “Therefore we ask the public that if you are not facing any situation that forces you to leave your home to please stay indoors to avoid any situation of risk.”
The media have sure hit a rough patch lately. First there were the triples, presumably forced resignations of top investigative journalists at CNN over a deficient and ultimately retracted Trump-Russia story. Then three other key CNN people were shown separately on clandestinely gathered videos admitting that their network's Trump scandal coverage was ratings-driven or bunk or both. Then Sarah Palin filed a libel lawsuit against the New York Times for an astonishing editorial repeating a long-discredited calumny linking her directly to mass murder.
Tom Kuntz, Editor, RealClearInvestigations
Some media critics took note, before the news cycle moved on to the latest presidential Twitter outrage. Glenn Greenwald of The Intercept argued the media's Trump-related embarrassments fit a long pattern of “claims about the Russia Threat that turned out to be completely false—always in the direction of exaggerating the threat and/or inventing incriminating links between Moscow and the Trump circle.”
But Greenwald's focus was sins of commission. Even less attention has been paid to the mirror image of this problem—sins of omission. Both transgressions apparently stem from the media's uncritical embrace of a narrative regarding President Trump's incompetence and malfeasance. Where sins of commission reflect the media's willingness to see things that aren't there, sins of omission result from myopic outlooks that prevent us from discerning and pursuing important stories. The result is significant gaps in reporting by top news outfits with the investigative muscle to ferret out corruption and hypocrisy at the highest levels of government.
Here are three examples:
A June 24 article in the New York Post by Paul Sperry is one of few in-depth pieces on Fusion GPS, the Democratic Party-friendly opposition research firm behind the scurrilous dossier that portrayed Donald Trump cavorting with prostitutes in Moscow. Sperry reports that Fusion GPS, which was founded by former Wall Street Journal reporters, is now resisting disclosures to Senate investigators. But mainstream outlets aren't reacting with much alacrity to that news. They haven't even uncovered basics like who initially paid Fusion for its dirty (and shoddy) work. How to explain this apparent unwillingness to dig in? Is it because the congressional probers might discover an active Obama administration role in the dossier outrage? Or because some Beltway journalists are friends or former colleagues of the ex-journos at Fusion GPS?
Then there was the June 19 disclosure by Judicial Watch that materials regarding the “unmasking” of American citizens in surveillance reports (read: Michael Flynn) by former national security adviser Susan Rice or others have been moved to the Obama presidential library, where evidence of possible crimes could theoretically remain shielded from public view for years. That stonewalling got little play. Yet there was a time in the pre-Trump era when major media would gladly take the fruits of the conservative watchdog group's costly freedom-of-information litigation and run with it. Just last year, in fact—when Hillary Clinton's email abuses provided drama in a Democratic race that otherwise had none.
Lastly there were revelations by Circa News of evidence of a possible personal motive behind FBI animus toward Flynn, the ousted Trump national security adviser. In 2014, Flynn supported a female agent accusing now-Deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe and others of sex discrimination. At a time when hard evidence that Flynn or other Trump associates actually colluded with Russians is thin at best, Sara A. Carter and John Solomon presented their stories with supporting documents.
To an editor who spends his days trying to put together a non-ideological front page highlighting the best investigative reporting regardless of which political party it hurts or helps, these coverage gaps are troubling. And the problem apparently won't be addressed anytime soon.
As Trump goads the media, a rising chorus of prominent voices is giving journalists cover to forsake neutral journalism (such as it was). "An abandonment of the pretense to 'objectivity'—in many ways a return to American journalism's roots—is long overdue," writes Mitchell Stephens, a New York University journalism professor, in Politico Magazine.
Watergate legend Carl Bernstein on Friday said the times demand a "different kind of reporting" in response to Trump's "malignant presidency." Here's hoping he didn't mean abandoning his old boss Ben Bradlee's insistence on at least two sources for big stories; disregarding that dictum cost those three CNN journalists their jobs the other day.
It would be naïve to see these failings only through the lens of ideology. Money is also a large factor in a business that often publishes in black ink but too often operates in the red. Or engages in cutthroat cable battles for eyeballs: Two CNN producers ensnared in the undercover video operation of James O'Keefe's Project Veritas said the network's Trump-Russia coverage is ratings-driven.
Elsewhere, the Washington Post and New York Times are enjoying subscription surges since the election because of reader alarm over Trump, and they have been ramping up negative coverage. At the Times, my alma mater, this approach dovetails with an explicit corporate strategy of doubling digital revenue by 2020 by wooing the Times's most engaged readers -- young, digital, international, and considered most willing to part with money. In other words, liberals. I know from my long experience at the Times that its reader feedback loop is a palpable and powerful force in the newsroom. You can judge for yourself whether the readers the Times now assiduously courts in an age of Trump hatred are pushing it further leftward.
Paradoxically, the paper is cutting back copy editors at the same time it's expanding digitally. But solid investigative reporting requires unbiased and keen-eyed editing, from the executive editor's suite to the copy desk. Done at its highest level, enterprise journalism also requires an open mind. In 1976, after Watergate had made Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward household names, author James H. Dygert took a stab at explaining the craft in a book, “The Investigative Journalist: Folk Heroes of a New Era.” In its pages, the author called its practitioners “dispassionate professionals” who probed the depths underneath the conventional wisdom in an effort “to uncover the whole truth.”
The whole truth, and nothing but—words to live by.
MANILA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian leaders wrapped up a summit on Saturday with no indication of an agreement on how to address Beijing's assertiveness in the South China Sea, a divisive issue in a region uncertain about its ties with the United States.
Six hours after the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit officially ended in Manila, no customary joint statement had been issued and it was unclear whether there was agreement over including references to China's militarization and island-building in the hotly disputed waterway.
ASEAN references to the South China Sea issue typically do not name China. Beijing is extremely sensitive to anything it perceives as a veiled reference to its expansion of its seven manmade islands in the Spratly archipelago, including with hangers, runways, radars and missiles.
This year's summit comes at a time of uncertainty about U.S. interests in the region and whether it will maintain its maritime presence to counter Chinese assertiveness that has often put the region on edge.
A spokesman for the Philippines foreign ministry said a statement would be issued on Saturday.
Two ASEAN diplomatic sources earlier on Saturday told Reuters that Chinese embassy representatives in Manila had sought to influence the content of the communique.
The sources said the Chinese officials had lobbied the Philippines to keep tacit references to Beijing's island-building and arming of artificial islands out of the statement.
But an unpublished draft dated Friday and seen by Reuters included the term “land reclamation and militarization”, which were not featured in a draft two days earlier. The diplomats said four ASEAN member states had objected to it being omitted.
China is not a member of ASEAN and was not attending the summit. China's embassy in Manila could not be reached and its foreign ministry did not respond to request for comment.
The content of Friday's draft would indicate ASEAN was resisting moves by China to keep its contentious activities in the strategic South China Sea off ASEAN's official agenda.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who chaired Saturday's meeting, did not answer a question after the summit about whether the statement would refer to “militarization”.
He said ASEAN wanted to complete a framework for a maritime code of conduct with Beijing this year to defuse tensions.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte shakes hands with Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi before the start of the 30th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
REGIONAL FLASHPOINT
“They want the code of conduct enacted by the at least, at the very least before the end of this year so that everybody would just feel comfortable,” Duterte told a news conference.
“Because if not, it remains to be a flashpoint.”
Duterte also made a no-nonsense call for calm on the Korean Peninsula and urged the United States not to be provoked by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who he said “wants to end the world” and “relishes letting go of missiles”.
Duterte spoke by phone to U.S. President Donald Trump late on Saturday, his aide said. The Philippine leader earlier told reporters he would urge Trump not to be provoked by Kim.
He called for joint efforts to halt extremism and piracy, and several times stressed the importance of non-interference in a country's affairs.
Duterte also called for collaboration to tackle illegal drugs, amid a fierce crackdown at home that has killed thousands of Filipinos and caused international alarm.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“The illegal drug trade apparatus is massive. But it is not impregnable,” he said in opening the summit.
“With political will and cooperation, it can be dismantled, it can be destroyed before it destroys our societies.”
In my last blog entry I mentioned that mixed martial arts is a game of physical chess. I stand by this concept, but will take this opportunity to elaborate further.
People often get drawn into the physical aspect of MMA, but like chess it is a game of the mind. Since martial arts and fighting are so much about the mind, knowing what makes a guy tick can help you win the battle. Sometimes I'll even go so far as to look into an opponent's roots to help me understand how they may think and react inside the Octagon.
UFC Fighters Frank Mir and Mark Hunt at Suncorp Stadium. Credit:Chris Hyde
If you're on top of an opponent and then step back to wave him up, will that inspire him to push harder or will he find it dejecting? You try to look at how a person is—how they walk out to the arena, how they prepare and how they deal with adversity. By looking into their past, I can gain perspective on how they might deal with tough situations. I can then start to make educated plans about what avenues they're going to instinctively choose.
I think a person's roots are a mainstay in how you break them down. When you look at where they come from, sometimes it's a very good indication of where they're going. You have to always take into account someone's past to find out who they are.
Tribute to Adam West in LA!
Holy Bat-signal, Batman! In a fitting tribute to pop culture icon Adam West, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Police Department Chief Charlie Beck will join surprise Bat-guests for a ceremonial lighting of the Bat-signal at City Hall this Thursday evening, June 15.
The legendary star of the classic Batman TV series, which aired from 1966-68, passed away on Friday, June 9 at the age of 88. In rememberance of West's unforgettable portrayal of the celebrated “Bright Knight,” Mayor Garcetti and Chief Beck will light the iconic Bat-signal, which will be projected onto the tower of Los Angeles City Hall at Spring Street. Attending Bat-fans are invited to don their Bat-suits and trusty utility belts in honor of West's signature role as the true crimefighter.
Here are the details of the ceremony:
When: Thursday, June 15
Time: 9:00 PM PST
Location: Los Angeles City Hall, Spring Street Steps: 200 N Spring St, Los Angeles, CA 90012
If fans are not able to join in the tribute Thursday night, the West family encourages Adam's “old chums” to make a donation to the Adam West Memorial Fund for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and Idaho-based charity for children diagnosed with cancer and their families, Camp Rainbow Gold.
This rhetoric masks an enormous problem. While Australia was adamant that anyone arriving by boat would be turned away forever, it has never had any idea where these people would ultimately go. Paying other countries to detain them could be only a stopgap measure. Eventually their refugee claims would be processed, and eventually they would need to be resettled somewhere.
And while we were sleeping, that moment arrived. Papua New Guinea's highest court in April found the detention center there to be illegal, meaning the detainees must be sent elsewhere. Australia has paid Cambodia $42 million to resettle refugees — only two have been successfully resettled. Otherwise, Australia resorts to persuading people to return home to the lands they're fleeing — war-torn countries like Iraq and Afghanistan, among other menacing places.
We have traded a boat problem for a resettlement one. And in the meantime, lives are still being destroyed, just slowly.
It's here we confront Amnesty's most arresting finding: Australia's policy is a kind of contagion, lowering global standards on refugee policy, shifting the boundaries of what nations now find acceptable.
The most direct example is Indonesia, which, partly at Australia's urging, has sharply increased its own use of detention centers, criminalized the act of providing accommodations for anyone without a visa, and attempted to return boats headed for Indonesia back to the countries they had left.
But we're also seeing a procession of European far-right nationalist parties — the U.K. Independence Party in Britain, the National Democratic Party of Germany and the Danish People's Party — expressly hold Australia up as an inspiration. There are even individual voices of support from within mainstream conservative parties, like Britain's Tories. It's clear that Australia would like its policy to be adopted more broadly.
Successive prime ministers — most recently Mr. Turnbull in his September address to the United Nations — have encouraged the world to follow Australia's lead. It's the kind of thing you can say when you're an island nation far removed from the theaters of human misery producing the current refugee crisis. But it's not the kind of thing to which the world can afford to listen.
The human displacement is too deep, the numbers too large. And with a global problem this urgent, the very worst you could do right now is reach for a sedative.
Two Harris County Sheriff's Department employees have been fired for having relationships with a witness to the murder of Deputy Darren Goforth. (Published Wednesday, Feb. 10, 2016)
The Harris County Sheriff's Office in Texas has fired two deputies accused of having sexual relationships with a slain deputy's alleged mistress, a witness to the killing.
Deputy Darren Goforth was shot in the back and killed last August at a Houston-area gas station. The suspect, 31-year-old Shannon Miles, is facing a capital murder charge. He was ruled incompetent to stand trial earlier this month.
Attention is now shifting to the sheriff's department itself, which has fired Deputy Marc De Leon, a 14-year veteran, and Sgt. Craig Clopton. The men are accused of having sexual relationships with a woman who claimed to be Goforth's mistress and was seen crying over his body the night of the killing.
Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman said De Leon initially lied about his own relationship with the woman, and sources said De Leon was also accused of having sex with the woman while he was on duty.
De Leon's attorney, Joshua Normand, said in a statement, "Mr. De Leon has no comment as to the facts surrounding his separation of employment from the Harris County Sheriff's Office, at this time, as he will avail himself of the appeal process under Harris County Civil Service Rules."
Clopton, who was investigating Goforth's murder, was fired last October because of his alleged relationship with the woman. The Houston Chronicle spoke by phone with Clopton, who declined an interview and asked for privacy, the newspaper reports.
"The leader of any organization would be highly embarrassed for the conduct of an officer that would lead up to termination due to some kind of relationship," Hickman said.
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
The sheriff's office revealed it's investigating similar allegations against a fourth deputy involving the same woman.
"This one seems to be the gift that keeps on giving," Hickman said, but added that he does not believe the department has a pervasive problem.
The sheriff's office drafted a formal policy last week prohibiting deputies from having relationships with people connected to criminal cases. Hickman said the policy was a direct result of these latest incidents.
It's not the first time the Harris County Sheriff's Department has been plagued by such a scandal.
Three deputies were fired in 2013 for allegedly having sex with a married teacher in their patrol cars, KPRC reports. The woman, a volunteer with the Citizens Police Academy who was married to a reserve deputy, participated in ride-alongs with the department.
Let's talk about New Girl. I have some friends who still refuse to watch this show and their reasons always have to do with A: they hate sitcoms and B: they're over Zooey Deschanel's quirky ‘adorkable' schtick. I get it. Man, do I get it. Sitcoms seemed about as relevant as the last Friends episode to me, even despite being a major fan of How I Met Your Mother's early seasons. (I still hate-watch the show because after spending 10 years with a cast you have to see how it ends, even if the writing has become shitty and lazy). And Zooey Deschanel I felt ways about. She's cute and 500 Days of Summer was an easy favorite (plus, Joseph Gordon Levitt-so dreamy) but I didn't think I could stand watching her play the same damn character again.
What's great about New Girl is that the jokes are executed in a variety of ways, they tell a wide range of stories, and the struggles the characters go through are pretty relatable in certain situations. Yes, Zooey Deschanel plays the same schtick but surprisingly, it somehow doesn't get old. Yeah, she wears thick black frames without lenses, matching pajama sets, and owns many, many sundresses, but her character as Jessica Day is endearing, imperfect, and a lovable mess. Jessica Day aside, the other characters are what make the show for me. Nick is a grumpy mystery, Schmidt is endlessly entertaining with the best lines, and Winston is probably the most underrated character of the entire show.
New Girl is in the early stages of its third season and if you haven't started watching yet there's no better time than now, especially with the first two seasons streaming on Netflix. Let's take a look at some of the most hilarious moments in the show thus far.
1.
Winston: Are we gonna talk about it?
Schmidt: Talk about what, Winston?
Winston: The belt, Schmidt. Please explain the belt.
Schmidt: It's after Labor Day. I'm wearing whales.
2.
Schmidt: I don't know what is allowed in the cold-hearted Republic of Nick Miller, but I do know how I feel. And I know how much you love cookies. And I saw it there behind the glass and thought, “Nick Miller. I'm gonna buy that, man.”
Nick: If I could give you that cookie back, I would. Nothing would make me happier than to throw it up, mash it into a cookie shape, and shove it down your throat.
Schmidt: You want to mama-bird me the cookie?
Nick: That's now that I–
Schmidt: You want to mama-bird me the cookie. You're not mama-birdin anybody anything!
3.
Nick: It's Schmidt we're talking about here. After we saw the movie Titanic he started the Billy Zane Fan Club.
Jess: What?!
Nick: Look it up. They're called the Zane-iacs.
4.
Schmidt: What are you wearing?
Nick: What are you wearing!?
Schmidt: I'm dressed for my Booty Burn Boot Camp class. I know what you're thinking. It's not because I need it. I go to inspire others. Please take that thing off. You look like a homeless pencil.
5.
Nick: Just update your resume, you ninny.
Jess: Did you just call me a ninny?
Nick: Yeah, I called you ninny, because you're acting like a ninny, you ninny!
Jess: Don't call me a ninny, I'm PMSING!
Nick: Ah! Why would you…yucky! No, no, no. I don't want to hear it.
Jess: It hurts. I feel like I've laid a million eggs and they're all hatching. I feel like I want to murder someone and I also want soft pretzels.
6.
Nick: You can't separate your feelings from sex? So what? You're a girl!
Jess: I deserve to have a shorty on the side!
Nick: Okay, a shorty is not…that's the wrong use of “shorty.”
7.
Jess: Two moons have passed since you started doing it?
Winston: Why do you start talking like a Native American when you get angry?
Jess: Two moons have passed!
8.
Jess: I'll raise the money myself! I'll get a ragtag group of kids together; an orphan, a lost soul, a Jewish kid with a keyboard, a little slut who can dance, and one fatso!
Tanya: You already did that, Jess. It was the spring musical and it brought in literally 60 dollars.
9.
Winston: Schmidt, I think I'm getting my period.
Schmidt: Okay.
Winston: This is a real thing, okay? I looked it up on the internet. It's called, uh, “sympathy PMS,” right? Now apparently this is an affliction that men suffer from all the time.
Schmidt: Right on.
Winston: I don't know how it happened, man, but somehow I got on that woman's cycle of menstruation…and I got that menstruation inside of me.
Schmidt: Winston! Men can't get their periods! Where would they put the tampon?
10.
Nick: You know so many “Spaceballs” quotes.
Jess: They jammed the radar with literal jam!
11.
Jess: Oooh, scary movie. I hate scary movies. Why are we watching this?
Nick: We're not watching this, Jess. We're watching it.
Jess: So fun, hanging with the dudes, eating ice cream, watching scary movies. (deep voice) We're not scared, we're dudes.
Nick: Shh!
Jess: You know what we should watch? Have you guys ever seen Fame? It's about a group of dreamers with talent to spare, taking New York City by storm, one dance number at a time…the cafeteria…the street…
12.
Winston: Check it out, Schmidt…I got you a clownfish.
Schmidt: I don't want some janky freshwater bitch fish, Winston. I want a lionfish.
13.
Schmidt: My friend there? He's a makhil. That means lawyer.
Nick: I dropped out of kahil school.
14.
Jess: Where are your nipples, man?
Schmidt: I'll never tell.
15.
Jess: Why do you smell so good?
Nick: I did laundry. I smell like a baby in a damn meadow.
16.
Schmidt: Here's another tip, don't ask a guy out on a first date on the least sexy holiday in America.
Jess: What are the sexiest holidays in America?
Schmidt: The most sexy holidays are the 4th of July — Independence Day, obviously. Women's History Month. Christmas.
17.
Jess: You're panicking?
CeCe: God, no. Babies wreck you, Jess. They literally eat your body.
Jess: I'm 30, I'm single, and I just started a new job. Tonight I used a bread roll to wipe butter off my face, and then I ate the bread roll, so I essentially used my face as a butter knife. I don't think I'm ready to bring new life into this world, but…what if all that's left are the weird eggs? And the evil eggs?
Cece: You have no evil eggs.
Jess: I can feel them. They're turning. They watched their brothers and sisters die, and now they want to be birthed. I need to be fertilized. Fertilize me, Los Angeles!
18.
Jess: I want to have sex with you. Sexy time for you, says me. You are a beautiful white man, Nick Miller.
Nick: Okay.
Jess: Read all about it.
Nick: Yeah.
Jess: I'm Judy Garland.
Nick: Yeah, so it's the pills. This is nonsense. Whoa! Jess, hey, hey, hey, no, no, no, no, no…Heck..no, no. Don't do this right now.
Jess: I'm Judy Garland.
Nick: Hey, Judy, let's get you to bed, doll.
19.
Girl: I love sad guys and you seem sadder than most.
Nick:I think your plan sounds okay.
Girl: When you go home at night, do you look in the mirror and just think, “I am the worst”?
Nick: Actually, yes, I do.
Girl: Yeah?
Nick: Yeah, a lot of the times.
Girl: You hate yourself?
Nick: I definitely don't like myself. It's right on the line of hate.
Schmidt: What the hell is this?
20.
Schmidt: Jess. God. I am so sorry you had to hear about it like this, but I mean, can we just take a moment to celebrate me? Schmidtty really did it this time. I mean, I'm having Indian every night.
Jess: No! No!
21.
Jess: So, um…heads up, Paul's coming tonight. And I just wanted to tell you that I'm gonna tap him like a maple tree. I'm gonna be searching for some syrups. I'm gonna be having sex with him.
Nick: Why do you tell us this?
Jess: ‘Cause I want to. I want to give you a heads-up.
Schmidt: You nervous? You need tips?
Jess: No, I'm not nervous. Just, you know, I can drive stick.
Schmidt: Yeah, ‘cause it seems like you're freaking out a little bit – with this whole activity.
22.
Schmidt: No sig others.
Cece: Just say “significant others.”
Schmidt: Maybe you have that kind of time, but I'm on a tight sched.
23.
Winston: Alright, everybody, stop! Wherever you are right now, just sit down! Okay, now, Saturday is a day for sleeping. And damn it, you not take that away from me! You..give her her scarf back! Finders keepers is not a thing. You…get out of my house!
Girl: Who are you?
Winston: Who am I? Who am I? Well, I am Theodore K. Mullins and Nick is my lover on the down low. Tell her, Nick. Tell her how it really does down in apartment 4D. Oh, great Negro spiritual, please come down and loose these chains on this woman! Flesh on flesh. When the lights are off, we are all the same.
Nick: Not true.
Winston: Dear lord, help me, Father! Get out of my house. Get out of my house! Get out of my house!
24.
Schmidt: Would I have to put my legs in the stirrups?
Melissa: Why would you even ask that?
Schmidt: I'm asking more so out of curiosity than fear. Hashtag, excitement.
25.
Winston: The phone?
Jess: I don't know…looks like a meth-head sandwich to me!
26.
Jess: When I hear all about Cece's profession, like the dieting, it's crazy. And the butt drinking…
Nick: Did you just say ‘butt drinking?' You can't say ‘butt drinking” and not explain what it is. That's two of my four favorite things.
27.
Old Nick: Can I tell you something?
Nick: Not really.
Old Nick: I'm you, from the future.
Nick: Well, that's a first.
28.
Schmidt: Honey, what happened to you in your life that made you like this?
Shot girl: I graduated from MIT then I got into a horrible accident where I lost half my brain.
Schmidt: There it is.
29.
CeCe: Are you “White Fanging” me?
Schmidt: What?
CeCe: White Fang? The only book you have on your Kindle. The book you wouldn't stop talking about, and I said, “Would you please stop talking about White Fang” and then you said, “Someday, I'm gonna do that to somebody.”
30.
Schmidt: You're telling me you're having a pre-menstrual something right now.
Winston: Yes.
Schmidt: Okay. It's like a character in a Judy Blume novel.
31.
Jess: What's next? What do we do?
Nick: I'm really fighting the urge to buy you a lobster dinner.
32.
Winston: Schmidt, I could really go for some crack.
Schmidt: What? Crack cocaine?
Winston: I remember when I was a kid. Me, my mom, and her mom, and then her mom, and then of course her mom, and then my little cousin, Peanut, they'd all rush back to that flaming trash can where we'd sit around and harmonize and just…shoo-op. One of those nights I remember, well, we ran out of crack. I'd grab my scarf and I would run down to the liquor store where the thugs hang out, and I would try to get a good deal on some crack. Whoo! They never would give me a good price, man, but uh, I tell you what – there's nothing like the…the feel of a fire, a fresh-baked cookie, and that sweet, sweet taste of crack in your lungs.
Schmidt: Okay. Okay…Winston, yeah. If that is something that you want to do…
33.
Smarter Uses for Displaced Wind Energy
April 14th, 2011 by Glenn Meyers
Here is where the proverbial bag of wind might be a very good thing to have on hand.
Two designers have created an innovative product meant to capture displaced wind from passing trains or subways and convert that wind power to electricity. Called the T-box, the device was designed by Qian Jiang and Alessandro Leonetti Luparini, winning a silver medal at the 2010 Lite-on awards exhibited in Taiwan.
As Paul Ridden writes for gizmag, “Unlike innovations such as the Solar Roadways project and Solar Wind concept, the T-box device wouldn't have to depend on a natural energy source, but instead one that is produced as a consequence of human activity.”
China's Jiang and Italy's Luparini believe that 150 of these devices could be installed along a kilometer (0.62 miles) of track and as a train speeds along, the turbines inside the device would generate electricity.
An animation of how the product works is shown on this Vimeo video: T-box
On a Coroflot website Jiang describes the T-box as follows: “This is a new generation of wind power generator. T-BOX applies the same principle as those traditional ones, but not like them located against wind on the coast. T-box can be placed along the railway or subway. It is half-buried underground between the concrete sleepers, which does not disturb the normal train operating at all. On one hand it uses the underneath waste space efficiently, on the other hand it uses wind power from the train movement optimistically.”
Jiang has not mentioned busy sections of expressways and their unending supply of wind-producing vehicles traveling at high speeds as sources for wind collection, which would seem to be natural locations for this wind-to-energy concept. Once in place, a T-box facility might even feed electricity to recharging stations for electric cars.
Innovative concepts such as the T-box are appealing, though – requiring an entrepreneurial company and an infusion of capital to demonstrate that the technology shows proof of economic viability.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein's Michigan recount petition claims she was “aggrieved on account of fraud or mistake” in the counting of nearly 4.8 million ballots, but offered no specific evidence of how President-elect Donald Trump's 10,704-vote victory over Clinton harmed her. (Photo: Christopher Dolan / AP file)
Detroit — A federal judge has ordered Michigan election officials to begin a massive hand recount of 4.8 million ballots cast in the presidential election at noon Monday.
U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith issued a ruling just after midnight Monday in favor of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who sought to let election officials bypass a two-business-day waiting period that would have delayed start of the recount until Wednesday morning.
Goldsmith's order said the recount "shall commence and must continue until further order of this court."
"Defendants shall instruct all governmental units participating in the recount to assemble necessary staff to work sufficient hours to assure that the recount is completed in time to comply with the 'safe harbor' provision," of federal election law, Goldsmith wrote.
The deadline to finalize the vote total for the Electoral College is Dec. 13 and federal election law requires a period of "safe harbor" for presidential electors before the presidency is finalized on Dec. 19.
The manual recount process was scheduled to begin Wednesday as specified by state law, and in a rare Sunday hearing in federal court, Goldsmith had questioned the harm posed by waiting.
Stein's lawyer Mark Brewer argued the case was aimed at ensuring the integrity of Michigan's voting system and that the required waiting period violated Stein's rights to due process and equal protection. He pushed for the recount of 4.8 million ballots to start immediately, which he said would be Monday morning.
“There are questions raised throughout the country about the integrity of the election system,” Brewer told the judge in front of a courtroom filled with about two dozen people, including state Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel. “It's not just rhetoric.”
The judge said inability for county and municipal clerks to complete the recount by Dec. 13 could endanger Michigan's votes in the presidential election.
"Without elections that are conducted fairly – and perceived to be fairly conducted – public confidence in our political institutions will swiftly erode," Goldsmith wrote.
Chris Thomas, the state elections director, testified Sunday that he could not guarantee that the recount could be finished by the Dec. 13 deadline, calling the task “doable but difficult.”
Brewer called it “highly doubtful” that the state could finish by the deadline, and asserted the recount needed to start immediately.
Goldsmith, who was appointed by President Barack Obama to the federal bench in 2010, indicated he was pursuaded that election officials need as much time as possible to pull off the ballot-by-ballot recount.
"Such uncertainty shows that there is a credible threat to the voters' right to have a determination made that Michigan's vote for president was properly tabulated," Goldsmith wrote.
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette filed an motion to intervene late Sunday, arguing Stein didn't have a constitutional right to a recount and that she should post a bond for the entire cost, in case it is later ruled the recount wasn't required. State officials have said the recount could cost up to $5 million.
“No Michigan voters have been, or are being, disenfranchised if a recount does not occur,” the Schuette filing read. “Michigan's votes were counted and certified, and its electors submitted to federal authorities, all according to routine, constitutional procedures.”
The judge rejected concerns about the cost of the recount.
"As emphasized earlier, budgetary concerns are not sufficiently significant to risk the disenfranchisement of Michigan's nearly 5 million voters," Goldsmith wrote.
Schuette's office was reviewing the judge's order early Monday morning, spokesman John Sellek said.
Barring another court intervening Monday morning, the recount will start mid-day. State election officials had plans last week to start Friday in Oakland and Ingham counties, but that was delayed due to a challenge President-elect Donald Trump brought against the recount before the Board of State Canvassers.
Stein's recount petition claimed she was “aggrieved on account of fraud or mistake,” but offered no specific evidence of how she was harmed by Trump's 10,704-vote victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Stein's attorneys argued Sunday that voting machines can malfunction and that there was an increase in people who voted but didn't select a candidate for president. The attorneys noted that 75,335 people in Michigan voted, but not for president, an increase from 2012 of 49,740.
“That is significant enough to change the results of the election,” Brewer said.
Her attorneys also raised the concerns that there may have been computer hacking in the voting process. The voting machines are not connected to the internet but are loaded with software that could be tampered with, said Hayley Horowitz, an attorney representing Stein.
“The machines that Michigan uses have been hacked in laboratory sessions,” Horowitz said.
But Erik Grill, an attorney for the state's director of elections, dismissed those claims.
“There is absolutely no evidence here. It is fear and doubt. All the votes in Michigan were counted. They have no evidence Russian hackers did anything,” Grill argued.
Gary Gordon, who represents the state Republican Party and Trump, dismissed allegations of hacking, saying “gremlins, Martians and Russian hackers” can't get to the voting machines.
The hearing in a locked and darkened federal court building came less than two days after Stein sued members of the State Board of Canvassers and Thomas. The lawsuit is one in a series of battles involving the Nov. 8 election results and came amid legal challenges pending before the Michigan Court of Appeals that could halt the recount.
The Board of State Canvassers deadlocked Friday 2-2 along party lines on a request by Trump to reject Stein's recount petition.
State lawyers accused Stein of waiting too long to request a recount.
“They're gaming the system,” Gordon told the judge.
Stein's request to start the recount immediately leaves the state and GOP with little time to prepare and plan logistics of a massive undertaking involving dozens of workers and hand recounts across the state, Gordon said.
“It's like Eisenhower invading Europe on D-Day,” Gordon said.
Ingham County Clerk Barb Byrum was in her office Sunday awaiting the judge's ruling.
“I am prepared to follow the law either way,” Byrum said in a statement. “If it is ruled that the recount will begin tomorrow, my office will be prepared carry out that decision.”
Before the ruling, Byrum's plan was to have 60 workers manually counting ballots Wednesday.
The judge at one point Sunday questioned how many people were needed to conduct the recount starting Wednesday and finishing by midnight Dec. 13.
“Hundreds and hundreds,” Gordon said.
The state could end up wasting money and see its reputation tarnished if Goldsmith ordered the recount start immediately in light of legal challenges in front of the state Appeals Court that could halt a recount, Gordon said.
The state could end up looking “dumb,” he said.
Brewer countered that an immediate recount could guarantee the voting system's integrity and prove whether voters were disenfranchised.
“The only way to eliminate the risk is to start immediately,” Brewer said. “We're talking about the right to vote, here.”
Separately, Trump sued Michigan election officials Friday in a bid to stop a recount. Trump's attorneys asked the Michigan Court of Appeals to impose a temporary restraining order on the State Board of Canvassers and Thomas.
Trump's lawsuit alleged the board and Thomas were “disregarding Michigan election law” in allowing Stein's request for an 83-county recount to commence.
Stein is not an aggrieved candidate since she has little chance of personally benefiting from a shift in votes, Gordon argued.
“Stein has not alleged that she can win Michigan's presidential election as the result of a recount, but instead contends that only vague assertions of being aggrieved are sufficient to trigger a recount of nearly 5 million votes,” Gordon wrote in the lawsuit.
Schuette made the same argument Friday to the Michigan Supreme Court in his request for an emergency Tuesday to stop the recount from likely starting on Wednesday.
Attorneys for the Republican president-elect and GOP attorney general contend Stein has not been harmed by the election results because she finished in a distant fourth place with 51,463 votes, less than 1.1 percent of the vote. Trump's 2.27 million votes bested Clinton's 2.26 million votes.
The Court of Appeals has given the Board of State Canvassers until noon Tuesday to respond to Schuette's suit. The elections panel has scheduled its next meeting for 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at the Capitol.
Trump's attorneys asked the Appeals Court to act quickly because the state's electors are slated to cast their votes in the Electoral College on Dec. 19.
rsnell@detnews.com
(313) 222-2486
Twitter: @robertsnellnews
Chad Livengood and Jennifer Chambers contributed
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2gCRt5W
Roy Hodgson has urged his players not to downplay the achievement of winning 10 out of 10 Euro 2016 qualifiers.
Roy Hodgson feels England should be proud after beating Lithuania 3-0 on Monday to seal a perfect record in Group E of Euro 2016 qualification.
The victory in Vilnius came through strikes from Ross Barkley and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, either side of a Giedrius Arlauskis own goal.
England was the only team across all groups to achieve a perfect record and it is only the sixth time the accomplishment has been achieved in European Championship qualifying history.
Hodgson insists such a record is no easy feat and urged his players to be proud of what they have done since the disappointment at the World cup last year.
He told ITV: "It is an achievement. We are very proud of the players' performance. To get 10 wins out of 10 it is never easy in these qualifying groups, so we have got to be satisfied with it and take a bit of pride in it.
"I thought it was excellent the way they went about their business here, especially in the first half where I thought we were so dominant. In the second half of course the game, if anything, got a little bit too easy for us but there was still a lot of hard work being put in and I thought the quality of our play was good."
The former Liverpool boss was impressed with the way a number of his fringe players performed and said they had boosted their chances of making the final squad for next year's tournament.
"A lot of the players we have used [in the campaign] has been due of injuries, but here we had the luxury of using all the players," he added. "We put our subs on as well, so everyone who has been part of this trip for these two matches has been able to play some football for England. That may not always happen but it is good and I am pleased about that.
"The players who represented us did a terrific job and they have got to feel they have strengthened their chances of being considered when it comes to France."
In 1998, then-President Bill Clinton told the American people that he hadn't lied to a grand jury about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky because, on the day he said “there's nothing going on between us,” nothing was going on.
While that line has been a joke among the American people ever since, it looks like PolitiFact took the lesson to heart in two recent fact-checks that include some Olympic-level rhetorical gymnastics.
In September, PolitiFact gave Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) a rating of “Half True” for saying that the executive producer of “Saturday Night Live” could be jailed if a Democratic constitutional amendment to prevent political speech became the law of the land. According to PolitiFact's analysis, Cruz was literally correct — but its rating claimed that his statement was half-wrong, anyway (emphasis added):
Cruz said that “Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician.” Most experts we talked to agreed that the proposed amendment's language left open the door to that possibility. But many of those same experts emphasized that prosecuting, much less imprisoning, a comedian for purely political speech would run counter to centuries of American tradition, and would face many obstacles at a variety of government levels and run headlong into popular sentiment. In the big picture, Cruz makes a persuasive case that it's not a good idea to mess with the First Amendment. Still, his SNL scenario is far-fetched. The claim is partially accurate but leaves out important details, so we rate it Half True.
According to Dictionary.com, the word “could” means “to express possibility” and “conditional possibility or ability.” In other words, Cruz was literally correct — and should have been given a rating of “True,” which is something PolitiFact admitted even as it gave a different rating.
More recently, PolitiFact looked at a statement by Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), who is in a tightening race with former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown. In an ad, Shaheen said that Brown — when he was a politician in Massachusetts — “pushed for a law to force women considering abortion — force them — to look at color photographs of developing fetuses.”
PolitiFact ranked this statement as “accurate but [needing] clarification,” and gave it a “Mostly True” rating.
However, like its Cruz rating, PolitiFact ignored its own analysis and a basic dictionary definition in giving this ranking. From its so-called “fact-check,” with emphasis added:
The measure backed by Brown nine years ago made sure that women were provided photos of developing fetuses, along with a lot more information. It certainly forced doctors and their representatives to provide this information to women seeking abortions — except in cases of emergency — and it ensured women received the information both through verbal questions and a signed consent form. Brown has a point that the bill wouldn't have “forced” them to look at color photographs — but it did just about everything else it could possibly do up to that line. This statement is accurate but needs clarification, so we rate it Mostly True.
Back to our trusty Dictionary.com, we see that the word “forced” means “enforced or compulsory.” As its analysis shows, PolitiFact found that the failed measure backed by Brown would have forced women to receive information, and forced medical professionals to give the information, and would have forced women to affirm they received the information. But nowhere was it compulsory for women to look at what they were given, as PolitiFact noted in the bolded section of its analysis.
To be clear: This is not a defense of Brown's reprehensible position on abortion. But as it has done many times before, PolitiFact's rating shows that its biases lie not with reality, but with the promotion of liberal narratives to the public.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The marathon Q&A session is one of the highlights of Russia's political calendar
Russian President Vladimir Putin has used crude language in a furious new attack on Turkey over the shooting down of a Russian combat jet last month.
"The Turks", he said, had "decided to lick the Americans in a certain place".
He was giving his wide-ranging annual news conference.
Touching on next year's US presidential election, the Russian leader called Donald Trump a "very colourful, talented person" and the "absolute frontrunner in the presidential race".
Mr Putin is now into his third term as president since 2000, battling an economic crisis. Critics say civil liberties have been steadily eroded under his rule.
He remains one of the world's most recognisable politicians, and has topped the list of The World's Most Powerful People compiled by Forbes magazine for the third year running.
On other issues raised at the news conference, President Putin
Praised Sepp Blatter and suggested the suspended head of Fifa should be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
Said Russia was against doping as it "destroyed the principle of competitive sport", and anyone found guilty should be punished
Denied Russian regular troops were deployed in rebel-held eastern Ukraine but said there could be "people there who were carrying out certain tasks including in the military sphere"
Brushed aside media reports about one of his daughters, saying both lived in Russia and were "not involved in politics or business"
Predicted economic growth in Russia the new year of 0.7%, rising to 1.9% in 2017 and 2.4% in 2018, based on oil at $50 a barrel
Russia deployed its air force to Syria in September in support of President Bashar al-Assad and has been carrying out air strikes on his opponents.
Its intervention has been heavily criticised by Turkey, the US and Gulf Arab states.
Mr Putin said the downing of the Russian jet by Turkish warplanes on the Syria-Turkey border was a "hostile act" but Russia was "not the country" to run away.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Vladimir Putin: Syrian people must choose leaders
He said he saw "no prospect" of ties improving with Turkey - which Russia has put under sanctions - under its current leaders.
There was, he said, a "creeping Islamisation of Turkey that would have Ataturk rolling in his grave".
The remark appeared to be aimed at President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, whose AKP party, with its Islamist roots, has been accused of seeking to dismantle the secular state founded by Kemal Ataturk.
Mr Putin said Turkish officials should have picked up the phone to talk to Russia about their concerns that air strikes in Syria were hitting Turkmen rebels.
Putin's 'gunslinger' style
Image copyright Getty Images
Vladimir Putin: Russia's action man president
Analysis by Philippa Roxby, BBC News
Ever noticed that Russian President Vladimir Putin has an unusual walking style? He does not swing his right arm much at all when he walks - instead all the movement is on the left side of the body, giving him a very distinct lop-sided gait.
A team of European neurologists analysed countless YouTube videos of the president and other top Russian officials to find out why.
They discovered that they all had a similar gait, and it is probably linked to their KGB military training which requires them to keep their weapons close to their chest or in the right hand, giving them time to draw a gun on an unexpected enemy. As a result, only the left arm moves freely.
So President Putin officially has a "gunslinger's gait" - but doctors should be aware that a reduced right arm swing can also be an early sign of Parkinson's disease too, the British Medical Journal research says.
Is there such a thing as a 'hard man' walk?
Mr Putin insisted his country's economy was recovering.
While oil prices had fallen sharply, he said, manufacturing had shown slight growth and there was a healthy trade balance in agriculture.
"Our economy depends on oil and gas prices, we expected Brent to be worth $100 per barrel, but then it was $50, but this was an optimistic prediction too, our forecasts have to be amended again," Mr Putin said.
"GDP is falling, inflation is 12.3%, incomes, investment are falling too but the peak of the economic crisis is over."
Mr Putin is known for his marathon performances at his news conferences, where he frequently uses hard-hitting, colourful language.
This year's event lasted three hours and seven minutes - three minutes shorter than last year's.
The record for a Putin news conference was set in 2008, at four hours 40 minutes.
Putin's Ukraine 'admission': Analysis by Olexiy Solohubenko, BBC News
"We never said there were no people there who were carrying out certain tasks, including in the military sphere," President Putin told the annual news conference.
It is an important admission. After months of denial, insisting that the only Russians fighting in eastern Ukraine were either "volunteers" or "army servicemen on holidays", Mr Putin now says Russian military personnel are on the ground and are involved in the fighting.
He still maintains "there are no Russian troops there" and insists there is a difference. However the distinction may be very blurred for Ukrainian soldiers facing the Russian-backed separatists and Russian military personnel, as has now been admitted.
Whether the Russian servicemen are attached to the separatist units, or are there as commanders, trainers or advisers and are not on the ground as regular units, is in many ways a technicality. What President Putin has admitted is that Russia is present in eastern Ukraine and is engaged in military activity.
It may be stating the obvious, but the way this admission has been made is not new.
For many months, President Putin denied Russian troops being involved in the takeover of the Crimea - he called the heavily armed soldiers seen there in modern uniforms without insignia, dubbed "green men", a local self-defence force.
But earlier this year, he told Russian TV that he had instructed his special forces (spetsnaz) to get directly involved in the annexation.
A friend told me Monday morning that a string of Cantrell Road area businesses — Steinmart shopping center, Purple Cow, Papa John's and Arkansas Burger — may have been hit by burglars Sunday night. I'm embarrassed to say I blew it off. Serial burglaries are, regrettably, not so rare in Little Rock, despite pronouncements about our advancements in public safety. (Coincidentally, somebody shared a blog post with me the other day from what's reputed to be the account of a Little Rock cop. He said he wouldn't live in the city because there was too much crime.)
Anyway ...
Forbidden Hillcrest reports on its Facebook page that the crime waved extended to more businesses as well as familiar auto break-ins. It reports Charlotte John Realty, Boulevard Bread, Terry's Finer Wines, Kraftco, the R Street Shell, Arline's and others were on the list of targets.
The good news: Forbidden Hillcrest says suspects are in custody.
UPDATE: LRPD says a report will be coming, but a friend thinks the arrests might be the result of some brave action by bakers at Rosalia's in Hillcrest. A window was broken in there early this morning. Bakers were already at work. One called the police; one gave chase. Before it was over, police had four people in custody who were suspected in multiple other break-ins.
UPDATE II: LRPD confirms that the call from Rosalia's led to the arrests. A description of the van led to a police stop and the arrest of four people, one a juvenile. Two of the suspects live at 6900 Cantrell, an apartment complex, and another on Beacon. The three are males, aged 18 to 21. Police said they expect charges in as many as 30 commercial burglaries along Cantrell, Kavanaugh and nearby areas over the last couple of weeks. Initial charges cover Rosalia's, Papa John's, Evolve, All Aboard Restaurant, Kraftco, a Comet cleaner, Dam Goode Pies and a McDonald's. In each case — and others — crooks broke a door or window, stole a cash register or cash box and fled.
The winners of the 2014 Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition were announced at a gala event at the Natural History Museum attended by Kate Middleton.
Michael "Nick" Nichols of the US has been named Overall Wildlife Photographer of the Year 2014 for his photo, The Last Great Picture, depicting the five females of the Vumbi pride lying at rest with their cubs on a kopje (a rocky outcrop), in Tanzania's Serengeti.
He photographed them in infrared, which he says "cuts through the dust and haze, transforms the light and turns the moment into something primal, biblical almost". A few months later, he heard that the pride had ventured into land beyond the park and that three females had been killed.
Francisco Negroni of Chile won the Earth's Environments category with his image of volcanic lightning, entitled Apocalypse.
After the Puyehue-Cordón Caulle volcanic complex began erupting, Negroni travelled to Puyehue National Park in southern Chile. He watched as flashes of lightning lacerated the sky and the glow from the molten lava lit up the smoke billowing upwards and illuminated the landscape. "It was the most incredible thing I have seen in my life," he said.
Volcanic lightning (also known as a "dirty thunderstorm") is a rare, short‑lived phenomenon probably caused by the static electrical charges resulting from the crashing together of fragments of red‑hot rock, ash and vapour high in the volcanic plume.
Bruno D'Amicis of Italy won the World in our Hands category with his photo, called The Price They Pay.
A teenager from a village in southern Tunisia offers to sell a three-month-old fennec fox, one of a litter of pups he dug out of their den in the Sahara Desert.
Catching or killing wild fennec foxes is illegal in Tunisia but widespread, which D'Amicis discovered as part of a long-term project to investigate the issues facing endangered species in the Sahara.
Rodrigo Friscione Wyssmann of Mexico was named as a finalist in the World in our Hands category for his photo, The Longline Lottery.
Wyssmann came upon the grim sight off Magdalena Bay on the Pacific coast of Baja California, Mexico, after noticing a fisherman's buoy had been dragged below the surface by a considerable weight. The hook was on a long line of hooks, set to catch blue and mako sharks.
"'I was deeply shocked. Great whites are amazing, graceful and highly intelligent creatures. It was such a sad scene that I changed the image to black and white, which felt more dignified," he said.
Jan van der Greef from the Netherlands was a finalist in the Birds category for this photo, called Touché.
A focus of Jan's trip to Ecuador was the astonishing sword-billed hummingbird – the only bird with a bill longer than its body (excluding its tail). Its 11cm (4.3in) bill is designed to reach nectar at the base of equally long tube-shaped flowers, but Van der Greef discovered that it can have another use.
One particular bird uses its bill "to make a statement" when crossing the territory of a fiercely territorial collared inca. To capture one of these stand-offs, Van der Greef set up multiple flashes to freeze the hummingbirds' wing-beats – more than 60 a second – and finally captured the precise colourful moment.
Fabien Michenet of France has been named as a finalist in the Underwater Species category for Little Squid.
Night-diving in deep water off the coast of Tahiti and surrounded by a mass of tiny planktonic animals, he became fascinated by this juvenile sharpear enope squid.
Just 3cm (an inch) long, it was floating motionless about 20m (66ft) below the surface, probably hunting even smaller creatures that had migrated up to feed under cover of darkness. Its transparent body was covered with polka dots of pigment-filled cells, and below its eyes were bioluminescent organs.
Knowing it would be sensitive to light and movement, Michenet gradually manoeuvred in front of it, trying to hang as motionless as his subject. Using as little light as possible to get the autofocus working, he finally triggered the strobes and took the squid's portrait before it disappeared into the deep.
Carlos Perez Naval from Spain was named winner of the 10 Years and Under category, and Overall Young Wildlife Photographer of the Year for Stinger in the Sun.
Aware of Carlos's presence, the common yellow scorpion is flourishing its sting as a warning. Carlos had found it basking on a flat stone in a rocky area near his home in Torralba de los Sisones, north-east Spain. Carlos decided to experiment with a double exposure (his first ever) so he could include the sun.
He started with the background, using a fast speed so as not to overexpose the sun, and then shot the scorpion, using a low flash.
Will Jenkins, United Kingdom, was a finalist in the 11 to 14 Years category for his photo, Green Dragon.
Relaxing at the hotel at the end of a Costa Rican family holiday, Will spotted a green iguana as it jumped down from the hotel roof and grabbed his camera.
Selecting a wide aperture to make his subject stand out, Will carefully focused on its eye.
Anton Lilja of Sweden won the 15 to 17 Years category for The Long Embrace.
The moment her eggs make contact with water, the jelly around them will begin to swell. So a female frog needs to have a male nearby, ready to fertilise the eggs the instant they leave her body. And a male needs to hold on to her to make sure he's the one doing the fertilising.
So he grasps her in a tight embrace, known as amplexus, often for days, until she has laid her eggs.
Hearing masses of common frogs were gathering in a flooded gravel pit near his home in Västerbotten, Sweden, Anton set out to photograph the mating spectacle. Lying down on the bank at eye level with the water, he became fascinated by the light bouncing off the spawn and the water.
Edwin Sahlin of Sweden was a finalist in the 15 to 17 Years category for his photo called Snowbird.
Cheese and sausage are what Siberian jays like – so Edwin discovered on a skiing holiday with his family in northern Sweden. Whenever they stopped for lunch, he would photograph the birds that gathered in hope of scraps.
While his family ate their sandwiches, Edwin dug a pit in the snow deep enough to climb into. He scattered titbits of food around the edge and then waited. The jays flew right over him, allowing him to photograph them from below and capture the full rusty colours of their undersides more clearly than he had dared hope.
These photos are among the 100 going on show at the Natural History Museum from 24 October 2014 to 30 August 2015.
This is the 50th year of the Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition, which is co-owned by the Natural History Museum and BBC Worldwide.
More Nebraskans are officially identifying Libertarians.
Voters registering in the Libertarian Party of Nebraska climbed from 6,905 on Jan. 1 to 7,862 on July 1, according to the secretary of state's data. That is a 13.9 percent increase.
Michael Knebel, First Congressional District coordinator, says State Senator Laura Ebke's decision to switch from Republican and dissatisfaction with both major parties are some factors for the growth.
“These two parties, what they're bringing is the worst polarization since reconstruction,” Knebel tells Nebraska Radio Network, “so there's a large group of Nebraskans who identify somewhere in the middle who are looking for a party that's fiscally responsible, one that's socially tolerant or socially accepting.”
Douglas County has the highest number of Libertarians at 2,641. Lancaster and Sarpy counties have the next highest number with 1,436 and 940, respectively.
“We're about to cross over the threshold of 8,000 registered Libertarians,” Knebel says, “which is a big number when you consider, that in 2010, we just got ballot access again.”
Voters looking at presidential candidate Gary Johnson is another positive for the party.
Knebel says he is not surprised, considering Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have high unfavorable ratings.
“The factors show the message that we're bringing and the people we're attracting are what Nebraskans are looking for,” he says, “essentially, a government that's going to keep out of your wallet and keep out of your bedrooms as much as possible.”
EXCLUSIVE UPDATE: Amazon Studios is finalizing a deal pegged at $12 million for U.S. and other rights to The Big Sick, sources say. This might not be fully papered until morning but the sale, brokered by UTA Independent, is shaping up to be the first big one on the ground atthe 2017 Sundance Film Festival and one of the largest deals in Park City, period. Amazon was believed to be the frontrunner when Deadline wrote the first story of the deal when three bidders were involved and posting 8-figure offers, and it looks like they will wind up with a relationship film that many feels has breakout potential.
The other final bidders were Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions, and Fox Searchlight. The deal comes with that giant minimum guarantee, as well as other points including theatrical release and P&A commitments.
This is another statement buy for Amazon Studios, which last year had the most successful performing Sundance deal with Manchester By The Sea, for which it paid $10 million for North American rights. For Amazon, this was a full court effort that involved chief Roy Price, worldwide head of motion pictures Jason Ropell, head of maketing and distribution Bob Berney, head of production Ted Hope, and head of business affairs Josh Kramer. For that money, Amazon gets U.S. as well as UK, France and Germany.
PREVIOUS, January 21, 6:54 PM EXCLUSIVE: The first big deal on the ground in Sundance is getting close. Three bidders are near 8-figures for The Big Sick, the Michael Showalter-directed film that stars Kumail Nanjiani, Zoe Kazan, Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, and Anupam Kher. This has been going on since last night. Word on the street is giving an edge to Amazon Studios, but there are two others still vying. All day, the rumor has been that Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions, Focus Features as well as Fox Searchlight and Paramount (not part of it anymore) have been at it, in the hunt for U.S. and other rights.
The dealmakers — led by UTA Independent — have asked the finalists to make a last and best bid by 8:30 pm Sundance time. They are looking for around $15 million for U.S. and some European rights; Canada and some other territories were sold already by FilmNation, which financed the picture. This one should wrap up soon, even if the final deal doesn't get that high. I believe that Sony is still in the mix, but am not sure which is the other. So this could go any one of three ways.
Amazon scored the first big deal at last Sundance, paying $10 million for Manchester By The Sea, a film which is squarely in the Oscar race and has grossed close to $40 million with a bang up distribution job by Roadside Attractions. But the clout of Sony is clearly another viable option for the filmmakers. The Big Sick premiered Friday evening at Eccles, and numerous distributors came out crunching numbers. The film is produced by Judd Apatow, Barry Mendel and Ben Browning, and written by Emily V. Gordon and Nanjiani based on their real love story. Pakistan-born comedian Kumail and grad student Emily fall in love, but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail must navigate the crisis with her parents and the emotional tug-of-war between his family and his heart.
This one should wrap up tonight. After all, numerous other hot titles have premiered today. A big sale certainly gets the acquisition part of the festival off to a strong start. Stay tuned.
A preview of Free Speech in America under a Hillary Clinton regime.
An African American man wearing a Bil Clinton “Rape” T-Shirt was tossed down the stairs at a Hillary rally Monday before being escorted out by police and security.
Hillary watched the events unfold from her nearby perch on the speaker's stage and she cackled in great delight as the protestor was muscled from the event by authorities and jeered by the crowd.
Hillary then said she hoped crowd members would follow him outside and stage an “intervention.” No, this isn't a story from TheOnion.com. This is life on the campaign trail with Hillary and her bizarre-world supporters, who laugh at a Bill Clinton rape shirt and and African American man getting manhandled like a black man at the Democratic National Convention in the 1960s.
Other news outlets reported that the man was ejected from the event, but there is always another story in the details. No one beyond True Pundit reported the man getting thrown down the stairs and then being removed by what looks like an atomic wedgie.
Black Dude in Bill #Clinton Rape shirt gets kicked downstairs, tossed from #Hillary rallies before she tells crowd to follow him outside. RT pic.twitter.com/eFsvLLl4Fd — Thomas Paine (@Thomas1774Paine) October 10, 2016
-30-
A roadside bomb has killed 17 civilians, including four children, in western Afghanistan, police said, just days after a series of similar blasts killed nine people.
The bomb exploded on Tuesday under a trailer packed with villagers travelling to a ceremony in the Obi district of western Herat and was placed by Taliban insurgents, said Abdul Raouf Ahmadi, a police spokesman.
"There were 12 women, four children and one man among the dead. Seven others were wounded, including five children," Ahmadi said.
Violence in Afghanistan usually intensifies over the summer months. A senior Afghan general this week said insurgents had stepped up operations in the east near Pakistan as foreign troops continue to leave the country ahead of a 2014 withdrawal deadline.
Taliban office closed
Meanwhile, the Taliban have temporarily closed their office in Qatar, where it was hoped a peace deal would be brokered with the US and Afghanistan, blaming "broken promises", an insurgent official said on Tuesday.
"We have temporarily closed the Qatar office due to broken promises," a Pakistan-based Taliban official, who declined to be named, has told the AFP news agency by telephone.
"We are not happy with the Americans, the Kabul government and all parties who have not been honest with us."
Despite the row over the Taliban's office in Qatar, talks on their future role in Afghanistan are eventually likely to resume in what is expected to be a difficult and unpredictable peace process, diplomatic sources have said on Tuesday.
WHEN you're contemplating life over a warming dram it's good to know your “water of life” has sprung from the very bedrock of Scotland.
It would leave a bitter aftertaste if your fine single malt was unmasked as a Glenbogus, distilled far from Scottish shores.
Nosing Bladnoch whisky. Picture: Alamy
This is where you need an expert whose scientific sleuthing skills have helped crack murders and human trafficking cases around the globe. Think CSI: Speyside. Think international whisky detective.
Dr Wolfram Meier-Augenstein grew up in Germany but has lived in Scotland for the past two decades. He works as a professor of isotope forensics at the James Hutton Institute and Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen.
His latest research is aimed at authenticating Scotch whisky. The national drink has been granted protected geographical status by the European Union, which means it is an offence to pass off products made elsewhere as Scotch.
Now the professor has developed ground-breaking tests that can identify the genuine article in a line-up of suspects.
“It's mass spectrometry, but not as you know it,” he said. “We compare the isotope ratio in an authentic whisky with the suspected counterfeit. We can tell if it matches the characteristics of the genuine article. Rather than looking for a needle in a haystack, we are reducing the size of the haystack.”
Stable isotopes are alternative forms of an element such as carbon or oxygen with different atomic weights to each other. Identifying the isotope signatures found in materials such as soil, food and human tissue can point to their geographical, geological, chemical and biological provenance.
Dr Meier-Augenstein is using the technique to detect whether spirits labelled as Scotch have been made with Scottish water.
“As far as our tests are concerned, the nice thing about Scotch whisky is that it only has three ingredients: barley, yeast and water. “The provenance of the barley can be a bit of a grey area, as it is sometimes sourced from England in years when there has been a poor yield north of the Border, but the water used to make the mash is usually sourced as locally as possible to the distillery.
“Water that falls in the Cairngorms is different from water that falls in the Lowlands, and water that falls in Islay is different to water that falls in Orkney. And we can measure the difference. We've mapped out the isotopic fingerprint of all the fresh water in Scotland – we call it the isoscape.”
Counterfeit Scotch is understood to cost the whisky industry around £500 million a year – about 10 per cent of its sales.
The scale of the problem means the Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) is involved in around 70 legal actions around the world at any given time. And that's just for generic fake “Scotch”. Pursuing the producers of counterfeit branded whiskies is down to the firms whose products are being impersonated.
The professor's findings have been welcomed by the Scottish Government and the whisky industry as a potentially valuable new tool in the battle to safeguard a trade worth nearly £5 billion a year.
“Scotch whisky is one of our most iconic products and the value of it was worth £4.3bn in 2012,” said Scotland's food and drink minister Richard Lochhead. “If there is a method to ensure anything labelled as Scotch whisky is 100 per cent genuine, this will further safeguard the Scottish whisky trade against imitation and ensure consumers can enjoy a genuine dram.”
David Williamson, an SWA spokesman, said: “The industry is always interested to explore different techniques that may assist our product authentication efforts. Protecting the integrity of Scotch whisky and consumers from fake products is a top industry priority.”
The eyesore of a PowerPoint deck that contractor Edward Snowden had leaked had globally recognized names: Microsoft. Google. Yahoo. Facebook. Apple. AOL. Skype. YouTube. The NSA had allegedly collaborated with all of these Internet giants to request and access data on foreign users.
But then there was also PalTalk. WTF?
Even Stephen Colbert ribbed them last week. “You heard right. They're monitoring PalTalk. Folks. You know what that means. We are that close to learning what PalTalk is….”
PalTalk, a profitable group video chat site that's been around for more than a decade and has about 5.5 million monthly uniques, officially says it had no idea what PRISM was until the slidedeck was published — just like every other tech company. And then added — like every other tech company — that it doesn't let any government agency have direct access to its servers, but that it legally complies with court orders.
“First of all, it was flattering to be included in that list of the top eight tech companies in the world,” said PalTalk president Wilson Kriegel, who recently came over from Zynga and OMGPOP. “But we weren't aware of Prism. We're not giving backdoor access to the NSA and we comply with the law as the law states we should.”
Unlike Apple and Facebook, which have recently shared more data about the volume of requests they receive from law enforcement agencies, Kriegel said PalTalk wasn't disclosing the number of types of requests it had received. The company's CEO Jason Katz is a lawyer by training, however, and PalTalk works with New York-based law firm Fross Zelnick to evaluate in-bound requests.
“Zuckerberg and Sergey [Brin] have to make public statements because they have at least a billion users. Trust is a component that can erode quickly. But for us, I'm not sure if there's anything to gain at the end of the day from sharing data like that,” said Kriegel, who added that none of PalTalk's metrics, engagement figures and daily actives have seen any major impact from the Prism news.
Kriegel said that he hadn't been at the company long enough to know whether PalTalk had ever disputed a government request based on its constitutionality or whether it overreached. Other companies like Twitter have been more antagonistic with federal requests for user data.
But Kriegel did share some insights into how or why the company might have held such interest for federal law enforcement. PalTalk is a video chat community that offers free group video calls and chats, with more than 20 million streams viewed per day.
Their base is split with about one-third in the Middle East, one-third in Asia and one-third in the U.S. While the majority of the company's revenues — which come in the form of subscriptions, advertising and virtual currency purchases — flow in from the U.S. and English-speaking countries, the Middle East delivers “significantly great revenues,” Kriegel said. Apparently, they have strong numbers of paying users from countries like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
“The majority of our paying user base is in the U.S. and the Middle East,” he said. “If you think about these countries, not many countries in the region have wide access to credit, so we do well in very rich, oil-based economies like Saudi Arabia.”
A UN counter-terrorism report back from 2009 mentioned PalTalk as a place where Al-Qaeda-focused debate groups were held.
“The majority of all our interactions are about music, karaoke, languages, sports, politics, religion and dating,” Kriegel said. But he did say that video chat lets people get around restrictive social norms in other cultures. “If you want to interact with people in ways that aren't always socially acceptable like with swearing, video chat might work for that.”
Cancer charities are claiming that thousands of NHS cancer patients are being denied life-prolonging treatments.
A report commissioned by Breast Cancer Now and Prostate Cancer UK says that innovative treatments being used in other countries are not available here.
The International Comparisons of Health Technology Assessment report published today reviewed the drug systems and the availability of breast and prostate cancer treatments in England, Scotland and Wales compared to five similar countries: Germany, France, Australia, Canada and Sweden.
Baroness Delyth Morgan, Chief Executive at Breast Cancer Now, said: "That NHS patients are being denied access to innovative new breast cancer drugs, while other countries are finding ways to make them available, is totally unacceptable.
"This report demonstrates the need for serious reform of the way our health system assesses, and determines the availability of, the cancer drugs that patients rely upon."
Image: Sian Slifkin was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2013
Sian Slifkin, a wife and mother of two from Stockport, was diagnosed with primary and secondary breast cancer in 2013.
The courses of radiotherapy and drugs she has been taking are gradually decreasing their effect, and the next step in her treatment could be the use of Kadcyla.
But it's a drug that has not been approved by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) in England and Wales for use on the NHS.
"It makes me feel sick inside that there's a drug out there that could help me and thousands of others like me," she says.
"Millions of pounds are being spent on foreign aid by our Government, and yet there are British citizens like me that are dying needlessly, because there are drugs there that can help us."
The report recommends that NICE and its Scottish counterpart the Scottish Medicines Comsortium should not have the dual role of both assessing the effectiveness of a treatment and also deciding whether or not it's cost effective.
They're also calling for patients to be more involved in the process.
In November 2015, when NICE announced it would not make Kadcyla available through the NHS, Sir Andrew Dillon, NICE Chief Executive, said: "We recognise that Kadcyla has a place in treating some patients with advanced breast cancer and we have been as flexible as we can in making our recommendation.
"However, the price that the manufacturer is asking the NHS to pay in the long-term is too high."
FX Networks has renewed its two freshman summer comedies, Married and You're The Worst, with 13-episode orders, up from 10 episodes for their rookie runs. Married will continue on FX, while You're The Worst is headed to sibling FXX.
Neither has been a breakout, but both have done OK by cable comedy standards. On a weekly basis, Married has averaged 1.96 million total viewers and 1.35 million adults 18-49, and You're The Worst is averaging 1.65 million viewers and 1.09 million adults 18-49 (through the first seven episodes). FX notes You're the Worst‘s strength among adults 18-34.
Nat Faxon and Judy Greer star in Married as spouses who can barely remember what life was like before kids, debt, and suburbia — but every now and then they are reminded what drew them together in the first place: They're best friends. Brett Gelman and Jenny Slate co-star. You're The Worst puts a darker spin on rom-coms. Chris Geere and Ava Cash go home together after a wedding and, despite their better judgment, begin to fall for each other. The cast also includes Desmin Borges and Kether Donohue.
“We love these shows and the creative visions of Andrew Gurland of Married and Stephen Falk of You're The Worst,” said Nick Grad, President of Original Programming for FX Networks and FX Prods. “These shows are honest, 360-degree looks at relationships, and we're excited to see how they evolve.”Nick Grad, President of Original Programming for FX Networks
You're The Worst‘s move to FXX offsets that channel's loss of the Jim Jefferies comedy Legit, which was cancelled in May. The sophomore comedy joins veteran comedies It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and The League, which were moved to FXX along with Legit in March 2013.
An instinctive reaction that occurs in humans when close to drowning
The instinctive drowning response is an instinctive reaction that occurs in humans when close to drowning.
Description [ edit ]
While distress and panic may sometimes take place beforehand, drowning itself is quick and often silent.[1][2][3] A person close to the point of drowning is unable to keep their mouth above water long enough to breathe properly and is unable to shout.[1] Lacking air, their body cannot perform the voluntary efforts involved in waving or seeking attention. Involuntary actions operated by the autonomic nervous system involve lateral flapping or paddling with the arms to press them down into the water in the effort to raise the mouth long enough to breathe, and tilting the head back.[1] As an instinctive reaction, this is not consciously mediated nor under conscious control.[1]
The lack of leg movement, upright position, inability to talk or keep the mouth consistently above water, and (upon attempting to reach the victim) the absence of expected rescue-directed actions, are evidence of the condition.[1]
Timing [ edit ]
The instinct takes place for typically no longer than the final 20–60 seconds during drowning and before sinking underwater.[1][4] In comparison, a person who can still shout and keep their mouth constantly above water may be in distress, but is not in immediate danger of drowning compared to a person unable to do so.[2]
Recognizing drowning [ edit ]
To an untrained observer, it may not be obvious that a drowning person is in distress. The victim may appear to be swimming safely, while actually within 20–60 seconds of sinking under the surface.[4] He extends his arms laterally and presses down on the water's surface in order to lift his mouth out of the water. When his mouth is above the water, he quickly exhales and inhales instead of calling for help. Because of his arm movements and focus on lifting his mouth out of the water, he cannot wave, kick his feet, swim to a rescuer, or grasp a rope or other rescue equipment.[1] He may be misunderstood as "playing in the water" by those unfamiliar with drowning, and other swimmers just meters away may not realize that an emergency is occurring.
Lifeguards and other persons trained in rescue learn to recognize a drowning person by watching for these instinctive actions.[5]
In emergency situations in which lifeguards or other trained personnel are not present, it is advisable to wait for the victim to stop moving or sink before approaching, rescuing, or resuscitating. While the instinctive reaction to drowning is taking place, the victim will latch onto any nearby solid objects in attempts to get air, which can result in the drowning of a would-be rescuer as well as (or instead of) the original victim.[6] This "aquatic victim-instead-of-rescuer scenario" is common.[7] It killed 103 would-be rescuers in Australia between 1992 and 2010, and 81 people in New Zealand between 1980 and 2012.[8] A study of drownings in Turkey found 88 cases in which 114 would-be rescuers drowned during their attempts to rescue a primary drowning victim.[9]
Research and discovery [ edit ]
The common drowning behaviors were identified by Frank Pia, based upon study of film footage of actual and near-drownings, and documented in his 1971 instructional film, On Drowning, and a 1974 paper, Observations on the drowning of nonswimmers.[10]
At the time, it was commonly believed that drowning involved agitated behaviors, although Pia cites an earlier (unspecified) 1966 paper as likewise observing that this was not necessarily the case.
Philadelphia — Who did Hillary Clinton's team turn to to create the biographical story of her life? The creator of the TV show “Scandal,” of course.
The TV powerhouse Shonda Rhimes, who created the ABC drama about a Washington fixer caught up in a steamy web of sex and betrayal, has made the five-minute video that will be shown on the final night of the Democratic National Convention, according to a person with direct knowledge of the convention planning who would only discuss the video on the condition of anonymity.
Ms. Rhimes has supported Mrs. Clinton throughout her campaign, having produced a television commercial for her during the Democratic primary.
The video will be centered largely on Mrs. Clinton's mother, Dorothy Rodham, who was born into poverty and neglect on the day that the United States Senate affirmed a woman's right to vote and whose story will form the emotional core of the message Mrs. Clinton hopes to impart on viewers Thursday night.
Holy Town: Facebook Gets a 'Christian Farmville'
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
A new Facebook Christian app game launched this month aims to simulate a real-world evangelical experience through social media, says its developer.
Holy Town is one of the few Christian Facebook apps available. Since its June launch it has gained more than 19,000 “likes” as well as positive feedback and hundreds of five-star ratings from its users.
The application's description reads: “Do you love GOD? Ever wondered what it would be like to start your own Church and bring more people to GOD? Well find out in Facebook's first Christian game, Holy Town!”
The game begins by allowing gamers to choose an avatar among four characters. Currently, one of the four features is working; the others are still being developed. The basic idea of the game is to create a church by earning coins through “preaching.” Preaching means typing in biblical words such as “savior,” “forgiveness,” and “sacrifice” up to five times a day. The more coins you receive, the bigger the church. The more congregation members players have, the more coins they will earn when they preach.
The game also offers “Scripture of the day” where users are allowed to share it with friends. Players will also have the opportunity to do fundraisers and charity work to build their ministry.
The idea for the game came out of a conversation about Facebook apps and how Maiko Martin, who was already a Facebook developer at the time, could use his ability to spread God's word.
“I was already a Facebook developer, so I had experience with how things could spread across the platform. During a conversation about other Facebook apps I was developing with my family, my aunt, Janeene Ward, said that she thought it would be a great idea to use our ability to promote things through social media to create a Christian game for Facebook,” Martin shared with The Christian Post.
He added, “She thought that allowing users to create their very own church would be fantastic, and it would provide a fantastic escape for Christians on Facebook who played other popular games.”
Immediately that very same day, he began designing the game where he figured that “providing Christians with an integrated Bible-based typing game (which we call “preaching” in Holy Town) to help us improve our typing skills while being immersed in the Word was fantastic.”
The 21-year-old Christian developer shared that while making the game there were times he left discouraged, wondering if people will play the game “but Proverbs 3: 6 (In everything you do, put God first, and He will direct you and crown your efforts with success) took care of that!” he specified.
Martin began programming and hacking games at 13 but began taking it seriously at age 19. Since then he began developing iPhone and Android games but switched to Facebook in late 2010 because he thought the platform was more progressive and developer friendly, he stated.
In conjunction with the release of Holy Town he also officially released his company “mrmaiko” where he will continue to promote the Christian lifestyle through different media outlets.
New features to the game will be added every week for a few years, he added.
On the Web: Holy Town
A- A+
By Taylor W. Anderson The Bulletin
SALEM — The emergence of Donald Trump as the presumptive Republican nominee is causing public discomfort among some within the Oregon GOP.
Trump did pick up support from one prominent Republican Thursday: U.S. Rep. Greg Walden, Oregon's lone Republican in Congress.
Republicans who picked other candidates in the race early on are finding themselves in a difficult position: back Trump, whose rhetoric is at times contrary to the national party's platform and the state party's push to win over Oregon voters, or find someone else to support.
Since the other prominent choices are former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, both Democrats, Oregon Republicans have found themselves in an uncomfortable spot, and some aren't sure how to move forward.
Walden had been critical of Trump's candidacy earlier in the campaign but Thursday announced he would back him.
“The American people know the damage done by this administration here at home and around the world,” Walden said in a statement. “The last thing I want is to give the same Obama/Clinton/Sanders philosophy another four years in charge.”
The switch came after Trump met with House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., after Ryan previously said he wasn't ready to get behind Trump. Ryan still didn't offer his support, but Walden said he would support the party's nominee.
“While I may disagree with the rhetoric Mr. Trump uses and some policy positions, he is the better option than Hillary Clinton in the White House,” Walden said. “That's why all along I've said I intend to support the GOP nominee.”
That answer may be a prevailing one for some Republicans. Bend Sen. Tim Knopp said Thursday he'd pick Trump over Clinton if the two front-runners face each other in the general election.
“I was a Rubio supporter,” Knopp said. “When Trump becomes the nominee of the party, I think we would be supportive of him because Hillary will do a lot of damage to the economy.”
But it's clear not all Republicans are ready to get on board, including some from the conservative and centrist factions of the party.
“I'm not supporting Trump or Clinton,” Rep. Knute Buehler, R-Bend, said in a statement, adding he didn't have a candidate “for now.”
Buehler has made a name in the Legislature as a centrist Republican with big ambitions. Last year he contemplated a run for governor, a race Republicans have lost for three straight decades and one that requires the support of independents to compete with Democrats who have more registered voters.
Buehler and other moderates teamed up with Ohio Gov. John Kasich as he set up a support network of middle-ground Oregon Republicans before dropping out after losing the Indiana primary this month.
“I'm not satisfied with either choice,” Buehler continued. “I want to grow a bigger, better, more inclusive Republican Party in Oregon that solves real problems for real people. Trump does not further these goals.”
That answer is in line with the push by the state party to regain favor with Oregon voters who haven't elected a Republican governor since Vic Atiyeh in 1982, and who haven't elected a Republican to any statewide office since Jack Roberts was elected labor commissioner in 1998.
Oregon Republicans say they've pushed to focus on positive messaging to voters, which party chairman Bill Currier hopes will help the party rebound.
“What is it that we offer as a party in terms of solutions, and how do we communicate that effectively to the voters so that they recognize we can turn this state around if we end this one-party rule?” Currier said last month.
But with Trump at the top of the ticket, it may be a difficult distraction, and it's leading to public splits among Oregon Republicans who are forced to back Trump or the unknown.
Conservatives who say Trump doesn't reflect true Republican ideals say he's not their candidate. Some were pulling for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, whose firebrand conservatism has put him at odds with some congressional Republicans.
“I'll let you know after the GOP convention and closer to November,” said Rep. Bill Post, R-Keizer, who later added “of course I'm not voting for Clinton.”
Rep. Greg Barreto, of Cove, made a bet with a fellow Republican that, despite making a pact with Kasich to back off Oregon, Cruz would win the state's primary. Ten minutes later, Barreto said, Cruz suspended his campaign.
“(Trump's) going to have a tough time just winning the Republican base,” Barreto said. “I think it depends on the amount of work that's done between now and November to try to salvage — not salvage but to try and win back — some of those that he lost just by some of his statements and his attitude.”
Rep. Gene Whisnant, R-Sunriver, said he wasn't sure what he'd do in the presidential race and added he wanted voters to be more focused on lower-ticket races.
“I can say that Mr. Trump was not my first candidate, but I'm waiting to see what happens now,” Whisnant said, adding, “I'd be very surprised if Oregon doesn't go Democratic as they always do” in the presidential race. It's clear that to some Republicans, Trump and the attention on his campaign is an unwanted distraction. “It can be easy to get caught up in the ins and outs of the national political conversation, but that would only distract from the very real issues we are dealing with here in Oregon,” Preston Mann, spokesman for House Republican Leader Mike McLane, said in a statement. “Regardless of who is running for President, there is plenty of work to do here at the local level and that is where our focus will remain.”
— Reporter: 406-589-4347,
tanderson@bendbulletin.com
13756425
This weekend, fans flocked to San Francisco to see Sir Patrick Stewart, William Shatner and a gorgeous array of Trek pageantry. But more importantly crowds answered the age-old, all-important question: who would win in a fight between Kirk and Picard?
After the big Picard and Kirk panel this weekend at the SF Star Trek Convention, the audience was polled on three imperative questions: who would win in a fight, who would make a better US president, and who would be the better kisser?
Advertisement
According to SF Weekly the answer to the big fight question was:
Captain Kirk won the votes here, even though some attributed their votes to Patrick Stewart's admission during the Q&A that he had stopped eating red meat. "Kirk is just a baddass," said one fan, explaining her vote.
As for the other two, Picard won the Presidential nomination by a landslide and Captain Kirk won the best kisser. Check SF Weekly for fan reactions.
Advertisement
We also have a collection of some of the amazing pictures taken at the event. Photos by Joseph Schell who shot for SF Weekly and Todd "Telstar Logistics" Lappin. (Check out Lappin's fantastic flickr stream.)
The intelligence agencies' report on the Russian intervention in the American presidential election portrays it as just one piece of an old-fashioned Soviet-style propaganda campaign. But it was a campaign made enormously more powerful by the tools of the cyberage: private emails pilfered by hackers, an internet that reaches into most American homes, social media to promote its revelations and smear enemies.
What most Americans may have seen as a one-time effort — brazen meddling by Russia in the very core of American democracy — was, the report says, only part of a long-running information war that involves not just shadowy hackers and pop-up websites, but also more conventional news outlets, including the thriving Russian television network RT. The election intervention to damage Hillary Clinton and lift Donald J. Trump was the latest fusillade in a campaign that has gone on under the radar for years.
For the three agencies that produced the report — the C.I.A., the F.B.I. and the National Security Agency — this is a heart-stopping moment: They have just told their new boss that he was elected with the vigorous, multifaceted help of an adversary, the thuggish autocrat who rules Russia.
“Putin and the Russian government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him,” the report says, in unusually blunt and sweeping language.
Review of Naylor, A. Finamore, I. Leontiadis, Y. Grunenberger, M. Mellia, M. Munafò, K. Papagiannaki, P. Steenkiste. The Cost of The “S” in HTTPS in ACM CoNEXT 2014, Sydney, Australia, December 2014.
This paper, authored by researchers from Carnegie Mellon University, Politecnico di Torino and Telefónica Research, mainly discussed the infrastructure costs, communications latency, data usage, and even energy consumption due to wide adoption of HTTPS.
The hypertext transfer protocol was introduced at the end of '80s and is the most widely used protocol by Internet users. In the beginning, HTTP is used to share documents (static contents), however due to Internet growth HTTP is now engineered to bring many types of content such as video, audio, etc.
Due to users' growing concern about security and privacy on the Internet, many companies adopted encryption by default in all HTTP communication.
In the first section of this paper, the authors describe HTTPS adoption over the past three years. Based on authors' measurement from a major European residential ISP, the number of volume shares is increasing from below 10% to almost 50% and the number of flows is increasing from around 18% to around 45%. There is HTTPS usage jump in April 2013 due to adoption of HTTPS by Facebook and Youtube. Almost half of HTTP traffic is HTTPS traffic!
In the second section, the authors quantify the HTTPS page load time overhead through active experiments. The authors targeted Alexa Top 500 sites 20 times, first using HTTP and then using HTTPS. The test PC is connected using 3G USB modem and then via fiber (FTTH) – both are typical real-world environments. The test results show HTTPS significantly increases load time, especially for 3G. About 90% for websites added larger than 500 ms latency. On the fiber (FTTH), extra latency is small however around 40% of websites, HTTPS adds more than 500 ms extra latency.
Is the extra latency cause by protocol overhead or network latency? The authors try to answer above question by extracting TLS handshake duration datasets.
Since full a TLS handshake requires at least 2xRTT, the services handled by outside the country (in the USA servers such as Hotmail, Twitter, Amazon) experience huge extra costs. Google's services have the smallest TLS negotiation delays even though 10% of measurement of TLS negotiation to Google's services still have more than 300 ms. This observation shows that even with good network connectivity a client can still suffer significantly from TLS handshake overhead.
In the third section, the authors describe data usage of HTTPS flows since they impact the volume of data consumed by users due to size of TLS handshake and inability to use proxy cache (including compression). On average, TLS negotiation overhead amounts to 5% of the total volume. HTTPS prevents in-network content optimizations, like proxies to perform caching and compression.
The authors analyze logs from two HTTP proxies for mobile networks and observed the decreasing of cache hit in their datasets. However it is not possible to conclude this decrease is related to the adoptions of HTTPS, or for other reasons.
The authors also suggest content delivery network (CDN) moves entirely to HTTPS. In this section the authors conclude that most users will experience a jump in data usage due to loss of compression, but ISPs will see a large increase in traffic due to loss of caching.
In the last section, the authors describe the impact of HTTPS to mobile users battery life. The authors fitted a Samsung Galaxy S II with a power meter that measured energy used every 200 micro seconds. There are two experiments in this section:
Firstly, static content. The authors configured a server to serve objects range from 1kB to 1MB. In this experiment, the authors do not see a noticeable overhead of cryptographic operations.
Secondly, real content. The authors did two experiments: a) mirrored the CNN website in a controlled webserver and download it 50 times. The authors do not see increase in energy cost. B) Playing a Youtube video. In this experiment, the authors' result show that there are two distinct results due to proxy behavior.
HTTPS's cryptographic operations have no impact to energy consumption. However the usage of proxies can have both significantly positive impact and negative impact to battery life.
The final words below to the authors: “What is clear is this: the \S” is here to stay, and the network community needs to work to mitigate the negative repercussions of ubiquitous encryption.”
Mohamad Dikshie Fauzie is a researcher at Keio University Graduate School of Media and Governance, Japan.
Rate this article
The views expressed by the authors of this blog are their own and do not necessarily reflect the views of APNIC. Please note a Code of Conduct applies to this blog.
WASHINGTON — An unarmed Iranian drone buzzed an American Super Hornet fighter jet as it circled an aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf, Defense Department officials said on Tuesday.
A statement released by the military's Central Command said that despite repeated radio calls demanding that Iran keep the drone clear of American flight operations in the vicinity of the aircraft carrier Nimitz, the Iranian vehicle came within 100 feet of the fighter jet, which had to swerve to avoid a collision.
At the time of the incident, the jet had been in a holding pattern and was planning to land on the carrier, the statement said.
“The dangerous maneuver created a collision hazard and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws,” the statement said. The American military said this was the 13th “unsafe” or “unprofessional” interaction between American and Iranian maritime forces this year.
by
In considering the terrifying but also sadly predictable news of a Russian fighter jet being downed by two Turkish fighters, let's start with one almost certain assumption — an assumption that no doubt is also being made by the Russian government: Turkey's action, using US-supplied F-16 planes, was taken with the full knowledge and advance support of the US. In fact, given Turkey's vassal status as a member of US-dominated NATO, it could well be that Ankara was put up to this act of brinksmanship by the US.
What makes the downing of the Russian jet, and the reported death of at least one of its two pilots (the other was reportedly captured alive by pro-turkish Turkmen fighters on the Syrian side of the Syria-Turkish border, and will presumably be returned to Russia) so dangerous is that as a member of NATO, supposedly a “mutual assistance” treaty that binds all members to come to the defense of one that is attacked, if Russia were to retaliate by downing a Turkish military plane, NATO countries including the US would be obligated to come to Turkey's defense.
Russia knows this, and that is why so far the Russian response to the downing has been muted. Had it been a Jordanian, Saudi or Kuwaiti jet that downed the Russian SU-24, Russia's response would have been instantaneous. The guilty party would have had some of its planes shot down, or perhaps even bombed on the ground. But President Putin so far has limited himself to demanding a meeting, to warning that Russian-Turkish economic relations would be threatened, etc.
This restraint is good, but clearly, Vladimir Putin will not stop there. Even putting aside domestic considerations (imaging the public clamor for a military response here in the US if some small country shot down a US plane!), he will have to respond or his whole project — so far stunningly successful — of restoring Russia to its pre-USSR-collapse position as a global power, would be a failure.
Putin's options are actually quite broad, though some carry considerably more risk for everyone, not just for Russia and Turkey. He could have his own air
force in Syria, where Russia is legally acting at the request of the Syrian government to defend it against rebel forces of ISIS and Al Nusra, some of which are backed by both Turkey and the US, calmly wait for a Turkish military jet to cross into Syrian airspace. At that point it could be downed by Russian planes or missiles. No doubt Turkey will be extraordinarily careful going forward to have its pilots keep well away from Syrian airspace too avoid that, but it could happen. My guess is that Russian fighter pilots and anti-aircraft batteries in Syria already have their marching orders to take that action, which probably would not activate NATO confrontation with Russia and lead to World War III, as long as there was reasonable evidence that Turkey's plane was in Syrian airspace.
But should no such opportunity present itself, Russia has plenty of other opportunities to counter Turkey. Remember, Russia is also defending Syria's coastline, and could sink or capture a Turkish ship that entered Syrian waters (or Russian waters in the Black Sea, which borders both countries).
Russia — knowing that this is really not about Turkey, but about push-back by the US against growing Russian power and influence, both globally and in the Middle East region — could also choose to respond in a venue where it has more of an advantage, for example in Ukraine, where it could amp up its support for the breakaway regions of Donetsk and Lugansk, perhaps by downing a Ukrainian military plane, or more broadly, providing air cover to protect those regions. Russia could also, less directly, provide aid to Kurdish rebels in both Syria and in Turkey itself who are fighting against Turkish forces.
I'm sure there are plenty of other options available to Russia also to turn the screws against both Turkey and NATO, without openly pushing buttons that could lead to a direct confrontation with the US and its NATO fiction. Working in Russia's favor is that the US aside, the European nations of NATO have no desire to be at war with Russia. There are clearly hotheads in the US Congress, the Pentagon, and perhaps even within the neo-con-infested Obama administration, who are pushing for just such a mad showdown. But in Europe, where the actual fighting would mostly occur, and where memories are still strong of the destructive power of war, there is no taste for such insanity. It could, in fact, have been a big error in the long run for the US to push Turkey into such a deadly provocation, if it leads to more anti-American sentiment among the citizens of such key NATO countries as France, Germany, Italy and Britain.
It should be added that Russia and China have become much closer in recent years, economically, politically and militarily. This means there is also the possibility that the two countries could, in concert, step up pressure on the US in the western Pacific, for example by forcing down one of the provocative US flights near China's new island projects in the South China Sea. That would force an already stretched US military to shift more forces to Asia from Europe and the Middle East.
It is all terribly dangerous and it is hard to predict where things will lead. One thing seems certain, though. This outrageous shootdown of a Russian plane that was in no way posing a threat to Turkey or Turkish forces, will not end here, because Russia and President Putin cannot allow Turkey and NATO to so blatantly act against Russia and its pilots and go unpunished, particularly as it is Russia that is acting legally in Syria, while the US, Turkey and other nations backing rebel forces there are in all acting blatant violation of international law.
Unless saner heads start prevailing in Washington, this could all quickly spiral into the kind of situation in 1914, where a lot of ill-conceived treaties led to a minor incident in the Balkans turning inexorably into World War I.
First, a HUGE thank you to all of our backers. We're humbled by all of your support! We've already started the process of getting the screen print design ready for the t-shirts and as soon as the campaign ends we'll be sending out a survey asking everyone for their sizes, address, colors the want for their EL wire wings, etc.
Because we are done so early we decided to add a stretch goal of $4,500. That little bit more will be enough to allow us to bring the lotus to another festival (possibly one of the east coast or midwest FIGMENT events, we haven't decided yet). If we are able to make that goal then we'll be making custom 3" embroidered Crypto Lotus patches and all backers over $5 will receive one.
So, please continue to spread the word! The more we're able to pull in, the more the Crypto Lotus will be able to travel spreading it's wonder and joy!
The Crypto Lotus
The Crypto Lotus is a plant whose pollen is math, patterns, and logic. It uses light and sound to attract it's pollinating symbiote - human beings. It then teases them with puzzles of light, color, and time. As the humans work together to solve the puzzles the Crypto Lotus will ring happily and slowly blossom while rippling with vibrant colors.
The Crypto Lotus will be an approximately 8' tall animatronic sculpture of a lotus that will glow from the over one thousand independently controlled RGB LEDs embedded inside it's petals. It will be surrounded by 6 pressure sensitive hexagonal lily pads that potential pollinators will use to communicate with the Crypto Lotus.
Why We Need You
We're running this Kickstarter to help us get the funds necessary to buy all of the materials needed for this project such as microcontrollers, batteries, lots of RGB LEDs, ripstop nylon, and a small steel tongue Hapi drum (that's how the Crypto Lotus will play its music). We'll also be using the funds to pay for the transportation costs associated with shipping the Crypto Lotus all over the United States.
We'll be building the Crypto Lotus this spring (construction is already under way!) and it's scheduled to debut at Playa Del Fuego over Memorial Day weekend.
If all goes well, we hope to bring the Crypto Lotus to many different venues over the next few years.
You can follow our progress at the Crypto Lotus page on Facebook.
About Us
Last year, Branden Hall and Matt Collins, the core team behind the Crypto Lotus, built their first project together, the BlitterBike - a 32x32 pixel biked-towed light sculpture. They are looking to take the skills they learned building the BlitterBike to a whole new level with the Crypto Lotus.
The hacker group Anonymous has set its sights on corrupt African governments, with South Africa high on the list.
In a statement, the hackers announced that “Operation Africa is an ongoing effort by several activists within anonymous who have begun collaborating”.
“The focus of the operation is a disassembly of corporations and governments that enable and perpetuate corruption on the African continent.”
There is a focus on child abuse, child labour, and Internet censorship within Africa.
“We will continue to fight until all of our brothers on the continent are freed from the shackles of corruption and greed,” the hactivists said.
Seven governments were listed as targets in the planned attacks: Rwanda, Uganda, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Tanzania, Sudan and South Sudan, and Ethiopia.
Softpedia reported that successful attacks on companies and organisations in Rwanda and Uganda have already been executed.
“If the hackers stick to the #OpAfrica list order, then South Africa's government is next,” the Softpedia report stated.
Hat tip to Htxt for spotting the report.
More on security
Should your Internet browser history remain private?
This is when SA's ISPs hand over the private information of pirates
Canadians are among the top 10 wealthiest citizens in the world, but our household debt levels are a concern, says a new international study.
Allianz's fifth annual Global Wealth Report ranks Canada in 8th place based on per-capita financial assets, up one spot from last year.
Canadians are worth approximately $93,000, the survey shows, which is up 10.6 per cent from last year's survey.
Canada's position is behind first-place Switzerland (with per-capita financial assets at an impressive $207,000), the U.S. in second, followed by Belgium, the Netherlands, Japan, Sweden and Taiwan.
The survey also notes that Canadians' gross asset base expanded 24 per cent since the end of 2007, which was just before the global financial crisis hit.
Rising stock markets have helped Canadians bulk up their bank accounts in recent years. The report says assets in securities increased by 12.6 per cent in 2013, versus a year earlier, thanks to surging North America stock markets.
Canada's showing in the global survey will give little comfort to those struggling to make ends meet. Younger Canadians may be the most put off by the results after a Conference Board of Canada released this week shows gender is becoming the new income divide in the country.
The Conference Board shows the income gap between older and younger workers has widened over the past three decades, with the average disposable income of Canadians between ages 50 and 54 now 64 per cent higher than that of 25-to-29 year olds. That compares to a 47 per cent gap in the mid-1980s.
"Age rather than gender is becoming the new divide in our society," the Conference Board said.
Another recent study from the Canadian Payroll Association also shows more Canadians are living paycheque to paycheque, while piling up debt and saving less.
The Allianz report cited household debt as an issue in Canada.
“Although financial assets made a relatively speedy recovery in the aftermath of the crisis, achieving annual growth averaging 8.1 per cent per annum over the past five years, the financial situation of Canadian households is anything but sustainable,” the report notes.
It cites the potential for rising interest rates and a housing crash as economic threats.
The report notes that Canadians borrowed 4.4 more in 2013 versus 2012, reaching a historic per capita debt level of just over $50,000 Canadian.
That's not news to policymakers, who for years have been warning about Canada's growing debt, even though the pace of accumulation appears to have slowed.
Canadians' household debt hit a near record between April and June this year,according to Statistics Canada. Household debt to disposable income rose to 163.6 per cent in the second quarter, which was slightly below the record 164.1 per cent reached in the third quarter of 2013.
Earlier this month, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said “risks associated with household imbalances have not diminished” and remain a concern for the Canada's economy.
EXTERMINATE ... the low-skilled jobs. BBC Jack Ma, the Chinese tech billionaire who is the chairman of the e-commerce giant Alibaba, has a chilling warning for the world: Get ready for a whole lot of pain.
"In the next 30 years, the world will see much more pain than happiness," the Chinese entrepreneur said at a conference in China, according to a report from Bloomberg.
"Social conflicts in the next three decades will have an impact on all sorts of industries and walks of life."
Ma's doomsaying was about the potential threat posed to society by automation. Over the coming decades, robotics, artificial intelligence, and ever more advanced manufacturing are expected to make large swathes of the modern workforce obsolete.
Some argue that new jobs will inevitably be created to replace those lost by automation — though the more pessimistic fear is that if not handled properly, it could cause significant social and economic unrest and "pain."
The World Economic Forum has estimated that there will be a net loss of over 5 million jobs by 2020 across 15 major developed and emerging economies. And Citibank has warned that automation risks increasing inequality, estimating that 47% of US jobs are at risk and 77% in China are.
Jack Ma, the executive chairman of Alibaba Group, at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, California, in 2014. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson "Cities with higher incomes, and the ones experiencing more rapid income growth, have fewer jobs that are amenable to automation," it said in a report.
"Similarly, cities with a higher share of top-1% income earners are less susceptible to automation, implying that inequality between the 1% and the 99% may widen as workforce automation continues."
Ma echoed these concerns, saying: "Machines should only do what humans cannot ... Only in this way can we have the opportunities to keep machines as working partners with humans, rather than as replacements."
The tech executive has previously been outspoken about another major threat to the liberal global order: populism. In February, he warned that retreating from globalism could cause serious trouble, even armed conflict, around the world.
"If trade stops, war starts," the executive said. "We have to actively prove that trade helps people to communicate. And we should have fair trade, transparent trade, inclusive trade."
Two teenage girls have been gang-raped and killed after doing what half a billion women and girls are forced to do every day – go outdoors to try to find somewhere discreet to go to the toilet.
A toilet, bathroom, powder room – whatever you want to call it – at home, at school, at work, in the shopping mall, is something many of us take for granted and cannot talk about without feeling embarrassed. But we must: because the lack of toilets is costing women their lives.
Today, 2.5 billion people live without access to a toilet, forcing women to walk to dark and dangerous places to find the privacy they need – those same dark and dangerous places where men wait to attack them.
So we must stop blushing when we talk about open defecation because it is not something to be embarrassed about: it is something to be angry about.
Those two cousins, just 14 and 16 years old, had left their homes in the Indian village of Katra, in Uttar Pradesh, because they had no toilet at home. They were never to return, found hanging from a tree after being brutally attacked.
A report in the Times of India in February this year quoted the police in another district of Uttar Pradesh as saying that 95% of cases of rape and molestation took place when women and girls had left their homes to "answer a call of nature".
But this is certainly not just an Indian problem. One in three people around the world lack access to basic sanitation, while 1 billion of those – that is, 15% of the global population – currently practise open defecation.
A WaterAid study in the slums of Lagos in Nigeria showed that a quarter of women who lacked access to sanitation had first- or second-hand experience of harassment, threats of violence or actual assault linked to their lack of a safe, private toilet in the last year. Amnesty International has released similar studies from Kenya and the Solomon Islands.
Being forced to defecate by rivers, in fields or in alleyways not only puts women and girls at greater risk of sexual violence and harassment; it is also a major public health risk.
The practice pollutes natural waterways and spreads diseases, notably diarrhoea, a major cause of death in children in the developing world. Every day, around 1,400 mothers will lose a child to this disease, brought about because of a lack of access to basic sanitation, clean water and hygiene services. Research estimates that just putting an end to open defecation worldwide would see this figure drop by over a third.
This is a problem that can be solved, and the first step is getting over our squeamishness. The deputy secretary-general of the United Nations, Jan Eliasson, called on the world last week to "break the diplomatic silence on open defecation".
The deputy secretary-general's words and the launch of his campaign come at a crucial time. Governments are now negotiating a new poverty reduction framework to replace the Millennium Development Goals.
Access to clean water and sanitation currently ranks as the fifth highest priority for people voting in the UN's global My World survey, in which millions of people around the world have taken part, joining the international debate around the new Sustainable Development Goals. In India, voters put it as their fourth highest priority for a better life.
WaterAid, Unicef and the World Health Organisation, along with hundreds of other organisations around the world, are calling for a new Sustainable Development Goal that would commit countries to ensuring that everyone everywhere has access to basic sanitation, clean drinking water and hygiene by the year 2030.
For these two teenage girls in India, a new goal for universal access to sanitation has come too late. But their case illustrates in the starkest terms why access to sanitation and water are fundamental human rights – and why a lack of these services is putting hundreds of millions of children, girls and women at risk each and every day.
Barbara Frost is chief executive of WaterAid; Winnie Byanyima is executive director of Oxfam International; Corinne Woods is director of the UN Millennium Campaign; and Nick Alipui is director of programmes at Unicef
Who wants to pay $30 to have a cold piece of plastic shoved inside them so their cervix can be scraped.
No? I didn't think so.
But this is the reality facing women who need their pap smear once the federal government's cuts to bulk-billing incentive payments kick in this July.
Pap smears, blood tests, urine tests and imaging services are all going to start costing you something (or, costing you more if you're already paying for them).
Which doesn't seem to make a lot of sense.
Pap smears help detect cervical cancer before it's too late.
Blood and urine tests are used all the time in preventative health care. They help doctors to catch heart, kidney and liver problems, and chronic diseases like diabetes. They are also the main way that we screen for STIs.
So this funding cut could spell the end of free sexual health check-ups, which sounds risky.
Sexually active teenagers are probably not that enthused about getting their STI checks. I can't imagine making them pay for it is going to increase the number willing to do it.
The Thinkergirls #RealLYF Series – Getting a Pap Smear…
There are also plenty of adults who will be less likely to get screened if they have to pay, some because they simply can't afford it.
These changes were announced in the week before Christmas. They have also been made “at arms length” from the government.
Outside groups are having a profound impact on the 2012 presidential race, pouring tens of millions of dollars into campaign ads that have put both President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney on the defensive. The totality of their influence is hard to calculate: while super PACs must report their spending to the Federal Election Commission, tax-exempt advocacy groups only have to report the money they spend on certain kinds of ads. Here's a look at how many outside groups have reported spending since Romney secured the GOP nomination in April, and a sampling of the ads they have run.
Select a week below to view spending by outside organizations, and sample advertisements.
Week of April 2-8 President Obama is given a pass from conservative super PACs this week as the GOP prepares to shift its attention from selecting a candidate to winning the general election. Sample advertisements: Marvelous Mitt Romney praises Paul Ryan's budget plan, which the ad claims would cut Medicare and Pell Grants. American Bridge 21st Century Foundation
Week of April 9-15 Mitt Romney is accused of flipping his stance on healthcare reform, and a super PAC that supported Herman Cain runs a bizarre ad opposing big government. Sample advertisements: Happy Anniversary, Mitt As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney endorses a statewide health insurance plan. American Bridge 21st Century Foundation Chicken A girl, a farmer and a flock of angry chickens star in this ad by a super PAC loosely tied to former GOP candidate Herman Cain. Cain Connections PAC
Week of April 16-22 Pro-Obama super PACs attack Romney as an out-of-touch corporate executive. Sample advertisements: Romney's World View Mitt Romney is hit for his low tax rate and for becoming wealthy off companies that went bankrupt. Priorities USA Action Kittens Are Cute. 1% Fat Cats? Not So Much. Mitt Romney would supposedly let wealthy "fat cats" pay lower taxes at the expense of hard-working Americans. MoveOn.Org
Week of April 23-29 Anti-Romney ads continue to portray Mitt Romney as an opponent of students and the middle class, while anti-Obama ads mock the president as a shallow celebrity. Sample advertisements: You're on your own Mitt Romney allegedly seeks to increase college tuition and slash student financial aid. American Bridge 21st Century Foundation Cool President Obama sings Al Green and drinks beer in this ad painting him as a cool but incompetent leader. American Crossroads
Week of April 30 - May 6 As Romney turns his attention to raising funds for the general election, conservative super PACs fire at Obama on the airwaves. Sample advertisements: Backward Under President Obama, cost of living is said to be going up while the national debt grows larger. American Crossroads Why does President Obama take so much credit? President Obama appears headline-seeking in this ad suggesting he took all the credit for killing Osama bin Laden. Veterans For A Strong America
Week of May 7-13 Female voters are the target audience in this week's ads. President Obama is chastised for supposedly looking down on housewives, and Mitt Romney for threatening Planned Parenthood. Sample advertisements: Mother's Day Pouncing on a gaffe by Democratic strategist Hilary Rosen, this ad profiles Ann Romney, who raised five children. Restore Our Future Congratulations Mitt Romney! A liberal group keys off of Romney's stance on abortion, saying he "threw women under the bus ... just to get the nomination." MoveOn.Org
Week of May 14-20 Spending on attack ads against Mitt Romney increases, centered on a push to frame Romney as an enemy of the American worker. Sample advertisements: Heads or Tails A mill worker accuses Mitt Romney of being money hungry and unscrupulous. Priorities USA Action Obama's Promise Clips of Barack Obama making promises in 2008 that allegedly have not been met. American Crossroads
Week of May 21-27 Super PAC spending is low this week, and new ads are directed against Mitt Romney and Bain Capital. Sample advertisements: Republicans vs. Romney's Record Mitt Romney's former GOP opponents are shown criticizing him over his ties to Bain Capital. Priorities USA Action Loris and Ampad An Ampad worker claims Mitt Romney drove her out of a job during his tenure at Bain Capital. Priorities USA Action
Week of May 28 - June 3 Both candidates are criticized for handing out government money to poorly managed companies. Sample advertisements: Public Equity President Obama is said to have wasted taxpayer money on failed public equity projects, such as Solyndra. American Crossroads Romney's Energy Loan Hypocrisy Continues As governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney allegedly gave millions to companies that later went bankrupt. American Bridge 21st Century Foundation
Week of June 4-10 More character attacks this week. Anti-Obama ads accuse the president of mudslinging to improve his reelection chances, while Mitt Romney opponents label the GOP contender a ruthless job killer. Sample advertisements: Donnie Another factory worker claims Mitt Romney and Bain Capital stripped him of his livelihood. Priorities USA Action Fear President Obama is criticized for "cynical, negative campaigning" that is "nauseating to the American public." American Crossroads
Week of June 11-17 More ads attack Mitt Romney for his role at Bain Capital and fault President Obama for the economic situation. Sample advertisements: Translation: No to 4 more years of excuses President Obama is portrayed passing off blame rather than solving problems. American Crossroads Overseas Mitt Romney appears to advocate shipping jobs overseas. Priorities USA Action
Week of June 18-24 An influx of spending against President Obama comes as anti-Romney super PACs pull back. Sample advertisements: Doing Fine President Obama's comment, "the private sector is doing fine," is taken as a sign he is out of touch. Americans for Prosperity Stage An Indiana worker describes how he and his co-workers were fired by Mitt Romney and Bain Capital. Priorities USA Action
Week of June 25 - July 1 President Obama is criticized for the healthcare overhaul, while liberal PACs continue to argue that Republican policies would benefit only the rich. Sample advertisements: Ouch! Youth voters are targeted in this ad claiming healthcare in Obama's plan will cost more for the same coverage. Crossroads Generation Portraits President Obama is defended against Republicans who blame him for the bad economy. Priorities USA Action
Week of July 2-8 Spending by outside groups drops off this week, but mudslinging by both sides does not. Sample advertisements: Immigration Spanish-speaking voters react to clips of Mitt Romney opposing the DREAM Act and illegal immigration. SEIU COPE Hit Obama allegedly breaks his word and increases taxes on struggling families. American Crossroads
Week of July 9-15 Ads against President Obama heat up, as conservative groups seek to convince voters Obama has had his four years and been unsuccessful. Sample advertisements: Better or Worse The Obama administration spent trillions to fix the economy, but this ad argues he made things worse. American Future Fund Get Out A catchy song calls on Obama to "get out." Patriot Super PAC
Week of July 16-22 Mitt Romney opponents go after the GOP hopeful for failing to release tax returns. Americans for Prosperity reminds voters of the Solyndra bankruptcy. Sample advertisements: Tricky Mitt As a photo of Mitt Romney transforms into Richard Nixon, this ad not so subtly asks of Romney, "He's not a crook, right?" MoveOn.Org Campaign Ad 2012 President Obama supposedly gave millions to the failed company Solyndra as a reward for supporting him in 2008. Americans for Prosperity
Week of July 23-29 Conservative groups opposing the president's reelection far outpace what anti-Romney super PACs have been able to muster. Attack ads against Obama continue to frame him as naive about the state of the economy and middle class. Sample advertisements: Build A quote by President Obama makes him appear an opponent of small-business owners. American Crossroads Replay President Obama fumbles over his words in an ad spoofing sports recap shows. American Crossroads
Week of July 30 - Aug. 5 A Super PAC advised by Karl Rove pins high unemployment on President Obama, and a comical spot by MoveOn.org features a talking horse. Sample advertisements: News President Obama's "failed stimulus policies" are said to have caused the nation's unemployment problem. American Crossroads Rafalca Romney Mitt Romney's horse Rafalca comments on how the Romneys can afford to spend $77,000 a year on her upkeep. MoveOn.Org
Week of Aug. 6-12 Controversy surrounds an ad by Priorities USA Action that attempts to link Mitt Romney to the death of a factory worker's wife. Republicans take offense and call on President Obama to denounce the ad. Sample advertisements: Understands Mitt Romney's firm, Bain Capital, bears implied responsibility in the death of a man's wife. Priorities USA Action Cancer This ad, a response to "Understands," claims President Obama has ties to the Super PAC that funded it. Priorities USA Action
Week of Aug. 13-19 Disagreements persist over which candidate would be better or worse for middle-class Americans. Sample advertisements: Has President Obama Earned Your Vote? People who voted for Barack Obama talk about how they have become disillusioned. Americans for Prosperity Small-minded Supposedly, Raul Ryan's budget plan would allow Mitt Romney to pay 1% in taxes. Priorities USA Action
Week of Aug. 20-26 Organizations supporting Mitt Romney continue to hail the GOP hopeful as an economic white knight, while pro-Obama organizations attempt to steer the focus to other issues. Sample advertisements: Back to the Back Alley Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan allegedly seek to force women to obtain dangerous, back-alley abortions. MoveOn.Org Debate Mitt Romney is praised as a job creator, in contrast with President Obama, who "added $5 trillion in debt." Restore Our Future
Week of Aug. 27 - Sept. 2 Disillusionment is the common theme in this week's ads, as one-time supporters of each candidate lose faith over broken promises to fix the economy. Sample advertisements: The Poster A student who can't find a job after college moves back home and tears down his Barack Obama poster. Crossroads Generation Olive A Massachusetts woman who supported Mitt Romney for governor says she later felt "duped." Priorities USA Action
Week of Sept. 3-9 In time for the Democratic National Convention, the GOP releases a new round of ads criticizing President Obama. Sample advertisements: Forward? This ad questions President Obama's record on the economy. American Crossroads
Week of Sept. 10-16 In the post-convention ad war, both sides target battleground states. Sample advertisements: Obama's Wall Street This ad's focus is Wall Street's financial support of President Obama. American Future Fund We The People This ad claims Romney's tax and budget proposal would hurt the middle class. Priorities USA Action
Week of Sept. 17-23 This week Mother Jones released a video of Romney speaking at a fundraiser about the 47% of Americans who do not pay federal income tax. The video dominated the news cycle and was the focus of several advertisements. Sample advertisements: Doors Pro-Obama PAC Priorities USA Action uses Romney's remarks to go after him on the middle class. Priorities USA Action Disappearing This ad from a Pro-Romney PAC shoots back, attacking Obama's handling of the economic recovery. Restore Our Future
Week of Sept. 24-30 President Obama maintains a narrow lead over Mitt Romney in the polls, but outside spending continues to favor Romney in this week's ad wars. Sample advertisements: Quantum of Easing This ad likens President Obama to James Bond, but the comparison is not as flattering as it sounds. American Crossroads 47% Mitt Romney appears dismissive of 47% of Americans in this radio ad. Priorities USA Action
Week of Oct. 1-7 The first presidential debate is over, but outside supporters of both candidates are still working to get their shots in. Sample advertisements: I Left My Heart In Grand Cayman Mitt Romney is criticized for storing money overseas and threatening to cut federal funds to PBS. Truth President Obama is accused of spreading lies about his opponent.
by
“And obey Allah and the Messenger (P.B.U.H); that you may obtain mercy.” (Surah Al-Imran: 132).
Pilgrimage to Mecca renowned as Hajj, is one of the key pillars of Islam wherein Muslims gathered from all around the world. It's one in the lifetime religious obligation for every Muslim man and woman according to their affordability.
One must be refrained to whatever is prohibited in Islam. As every aspect of our living has certain limitations so is in pilgrimage. Essentially, once pilgrim wears the ihram he/she is forbidden to certain acts. Wearing ihram and doing niyyat means you are now in prayer mode. In line with Islamic teachings, it's indispensable for pilgrims to stay away of forbidden things in the state of ihram.
Allah Almighty says in Holy Quran “The thing is this and whoever respects the signs (the rites) of Allah, indeed, it is from the piety of hearts.” (Surah Al-Hajj: 32). The set rituals of Allah include the rites of Hajj and ‘Umrah (shorter from of pilgrimage to Mecca). Preserve your Hajj experience from any sort of imperfection and get blessed with Allah Almighty's favor and protection.
By and large, below listed actions should be avoided right after wearing Ihram:
Clipping nails Carrying Arms, Hunting animals Having sexual relations Using Cosmetics & perfumes Lying, abusing or quarrelling with people Pulling out the teeth Wearing seamed or Stitched garments (for men) Covering head (for men) Shading from sun or rain (for men) Covering face & hands (for women) Wearing ornaments Damaging trees Shaving any body part Causing blood to come out of body Killing insects or animals except harmful Expressing pride Using scented oils on head or beard Marriage contract Taking milk, egg, feather or hair of the edible, wild/land animal
Going beyond any of these forbidden acts will bound you for expiation. To refresh your souls with purity plus faith's stability and above all to earn Allah's blessings, perform your Hajj with all the obligations. Heartful execution of Hajj with keeping in mind and obeying all the set rules will certainly assist you to enjoy the real spirit of this ritual. For this, you must not forget taking care of forbidden actions and evade them by any means.
Glorify and honor the sanctities prescribed by ALLAH and step aside whatever things can lead you ruining the real essence of any imperative Islamic ritual like pilgrimage.
Fearing Allah, you should not neglect the defined limits of pilgrimage mentioned clearly in Quran and Sunnah.
Darussalam Publishers has always aspired to provide you authentic Islamic content about the topics you need the most. We have two key e-books that cover the subjects related to Hajj, its manasiks and etiquettes. Click on any book name to learn about the content and context.
Hajj Umrah and Ziayarah
Hajj Umrah and Visitors
by
One of the things that Why Does It Exist? has taught me is that you can get away with a shit-ton of dubious legal measures if you exist somewhere in the nether regions of Hollywood. After last week's egregious ripoff of many of Hollywood's best-loved films, we tackle Brando Unauthorized, a biopic done without any consent from the Brando estate and with all the integrity of a dollar-store R-Patz biography. Triple-threat auteur Damian Chapa (who has also portrayed Roman Polanski, Bobby Fischer, one of the Menendez brothers and… uh, Leroy Jenkins) produces, directs and stars as Brando, a particularly brave move considering this lumpy fortysomething also portrays Brando at the tender age of 16 – certainly the world's doughiest sex symbol.
As told through the eyes of Brando's no-goodnik junkie murderer son Christian, Brando Unauthorized celebrates the great actor and innovator for everything he did that was of no particular worth: showing his ass to Talia Shire, multiple fisticuffs and extramarital affairs, telling his dad to stick it where the sun don't shine and various other sundry melodramatic nonsense. If Ulli Lommel somehow began directing fiction features for TMZ, it would look something like Brando Unauthorized.
Having reserved Brando Unauthorized months ago, WDIE contributor and workhorse pedant Mickey O'Narey joins us for a frank discussion of what Brando means to this world as well as a lot of gesticulating and microphone-peaking impressions of Brando. NOTE: Why Does It Exist? does not condone or condemn the usage of dubious Jersey Shore impressions.
iTunes
Direct download
Liberated Syndication
Podfeed
Dragon BFF by Which is the featured track this week. You can find it on the 5 Songs About Creatures EP. Which is performing as part of the FAST Festival in Sorel on August 17th and the Musique en Folie festival in Valleyfield on the 18th as well as La Sala Rossa in Montreal on September 30th.
Bryan Bickell sure knows how to leave a lasting impression.
Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in November, the popular 31-year-old forward announced his retirement after Carolina's final regular season game on April 9.
And what a game it was for Bickell.
With friends and family watching from the seats of Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, the left-winger played 13:32 minutes, recorded two shots on goal and scored a shootout goal in a 4-3 win over the Flyers.
After his shootout tally rang off the post and in, Bickell was mobbed by his teammates when he came back to the bench.
“I will never forget that sound for the rest of my life,” he told NHLPA.com. “The ‘Canes organization is making me a frame so I can display the puck in my house right beside my replica Stanley Cups.”
What was going through Amanda Bickell's mind when the red light went on after her husband scored?
“He did it! He friggin' did it!”
Selected 41st overall by Chicago in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, Bickell, who played four Ontario Hockey Leagues seasons with Ottawa and Windsor, made his NHL debut in 2006-07, scoring two goals in three games with the Blackhawks.
He won three Cups with Chicago – in 2010, 2013 and 2015 – before being dealt to Carolina on June 15, 2016.
What is Amanda most proud of when it comes to her husband's big-league career?
“The fact that through all the struggles that comes with being a professional athlete he never gave up and he achieved his ultimate goal of winning the Stanley Cup,” she said. “Either that or the strength that it took him to work hard to get back into the NHL after finding out that he had MS. That's really a tossup for me.”
When Bickell shared his MS diagnosis five months ago, the hockey world was quick to react.
Teammates, players across the league, former players and fans offered their support in various ways.
It didn't go unnoticed.
“I can't thank you enough for the support that you've given me through my career and especially after being diagnosed with MS,” said Bickell, who is, “definitely watching the playoffs.” “I could not have gotten through this without my teammates and fans. There's part of me that pushed through for them.”
And just as he did throughout his career, and in his final NHL game, Bickell took his best shot.
“His willingness to never give up and to always stay positive,” said Amanda, when asked what qualities made her husband a great teammate.
Don't expect that to ever change.
*
More Bryan Bickell
For more on Bryan and Amanda's charity work, visit www.bickellfoundation.org.
VANCOUVER, Wash. – Video shot by a customer shows a man in his underwear being attacked inside a Vancouver Starbucks on Tuesday.
Police say the suspect broke into the apartment of the man, who ran from his home in his underwear to the Starbucks in an attempt to escape. But the suspect, identified as 35-year-old James Alex Neal, followed him to the coffee shop, located at 2420 Main Street.
The video shows the victim trying to hold the doors shut to keep Neal out of the store. Neal was able to make his way into the coffee shop, pushes the victim into the counter and kicks him.
Two patrons jumped into the fray and pulled Neal off the victim and walked him outside.
The victim, Rollie Robledo, had a CT (CAT-SCAN) on Wednesday at a local hospital. Doctors said there is no brain damage, but he does have a fractured eye socket that may require surgery.
Robledo talked to KGW after being treated at the hospital. He said he wanted to thank the men who jumped in to stop the attack and escort Neal from the Starbucks. Police arrested Neal a short time later.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
“If these two men are watching, I really appreciate your help and support, I just wanted to say thank you,” Robledo said.
Neal is facing charges of burglary and assault. He was in court Wednesday morning, where bail was set at $25,000.
This is James Neal, in court accused of burglary and assault. Police say he attacked a man at his home and Starbucks pic.twitter.com/imOr0Uh6Ko — Tim Gordon (@TimGordonKGW) August 24, 2016
Neighbors at the apartment complex where Robledo and Neal live, on Columbia Street in Vancouver, said they've had run-ins with Neal before.
Brittany Hoerner, who lives next door to Robledo and close to Neal, said she wasn't surprised to see the video of the attack.
"(Neal is) sometimes aggressive with us, mostly to use our laptops or phones to try and connect with the internet or whatever," Hoerner said.
Hoerner said Neal is known as someone who can fly off the handle at a moment's notice.
"There's people (at the apartment complex) that are older and there are a lot of women in there and it could've been any of them," she said. "Something just set him off and we don't know what."
The former CEO of the Marsh Supermarkets chain was ordered to repay $2.2 million to the company for his overspending.
Buy Photo Don Marsh, the former CEO of Marsh Supermarkets, heads to federal court in Indianapolis on February 4, to face allegations he used the company as his "personal checkbook" to fund expensive overseas vacations. (Photo: Gregg Montgomery, The Indianapolis Star)Buy Photo Story Highlights Former CEO Don Marsh admitted to spending company money on five mistresses
Oversight by company's board or directors questioned
Marsh was dismissed in 2006 after company was bought by private equity firm
INDIANAPOLIS -- Cases of executive excess are nothing new. But who would have expected a regional Midwestern grocery chain with the slogan "We value you" to conjure recollections of corporate tawdriness?
That was the case in a two-week civil trial earlier this month which showed that Indiana grocer Don Marsh was dealing with a lot more than deli orders and fresh baked goods while he ran Marsh Supermarkets.
Like mistresses. He admitted to spending company money on five of them.
And globe-trotting. The grocer cozied up to Fidel Castro, Hugo Chavez and Middle East potentates and took trips to the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the Grammys and Mardi Gras.
And trappings of wealth. He had a $90,000-a-year chauffeur, five vacation homes and a habit of handing out $20 bills to maids and stewards, butlers and maitre d's.
After all of the salacious details were played out, jurors took about five hours to reach a verdict. The former CEO, they said, must repay $2.2 million to the company for his overspending.
But the verdict still leaves room to wonder:
How did a longtime family-run business, founded in the small community of Yorktown, Ind., and literally weaned on milk and bread, ice cream and canned goods, allow its CEO to lead the kind of outsized corporate life he did for so many years?
What was behind Marsh's behavior, which was far from a business-school-taught model of a CEO in action?
The answers may have to do as much with the mindset of the man who led Marsh Supermarkets for 25 years as it does with the board of directors. The board had the job of overseeing its CEO but -- trial evidence showed -- gave him a long leash to operate almost autonomously.
Jurors didn't put all fault on Marsh. They more than halved the company's request for $7 million in damages because, they said, Marsh and his former company equally bore responsibility.
Sense of entitlement
If ego can build a company, ego also can sometimes bring a company trouble.
Indianapolis clinical psychologist Gregory Sipes sees a common trait among many company CEOs, politicians and elite athletes who have run afoul: a "sense of entitlement and grandiosity."
Being the namesake CEO at the company your father founded, as Marsh was, often can make the effect worse, Sipes says.
"Usually these guys have been successful so long they think they are untouchable," he says. "It feeds that sense of narcissism when you drive up and you're the boss and the store has your name on it."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
A sense of entitlement?
The Marsh trial brimmed with it.
There was the routine entitlement: company money Marsh spent on wedding gifts for his friends, a $554 Hong Kong tailor's bill from one of Marsh's Asian jaunts, a $4,815 purchase at a diamond shop in Scottsdale, Ariz., on the company credit card. (Company attorney, during trial: What was the bill for? Marsh: I have no idea what that was.)
There was the beyond-routine entitlement: Marsh would rent his Dominican Republic resort villa to his own company during August and September every year. The charge: $495 a day. And he used company money to host frequent company get-togethers at his Saugatuck, Mich., vacation house on the shore of Lake Michigan, where his yacht bore the name Maison Blanche Research Center. (Company attorney: Did you have the right to have your boat washed at the company's expense? Marsh: Sure.)
A sense of grandiosity?
An African safari that Marsh approved for his son David (then the company's president) and his family. A flight Marsh arranged on the company jet to New York for 14 Marsh family members to catch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. (Company attorney: How much did that cost the company, Mr. Marsh? Marsh: I have no idea.)
And then there were the mistresses.
Marsh -- married for 54 years, with five children -- admitted to five extramarital relationships.
Two were company officers. One was a vendor. Another, an old flame. All received company-paid items of value, from dinners to jet flights to tickets to the Indianapolis 500.
Mistress No. 5 was a Russian woman who directed a ballet program that Marsh talked his board into possibly sponsoring on a U.S. tour. She stayed in a New York apartment at company expense. (Marsh to jury: I can't pronounce her last name.)
Marsh's trial-highlighted improprieties ran from 1999 to 2006, when he was dismissed as CEO by the supermarket chain's new owner, Sun Capital, a Florida private equity firm. During Marsh's tenure, Marsh Supermarkets was a publicly traded, shareholder-owned company.
As new owner, Sun was forced to pay a $3 million federal notice for back taxes, mostly related to Marsh's CEO spending.
Questions of oversight
Marsh's behavior raises a key question: Where was the oversight by the company's board?
Why, according to a company travel audit, was Marsh allowed to travel 181 to 216 days a year from 1999 to 2006?
And how, according to another audit, could he run up questionable expenses during that time of $3.4 million. The amount was equal to the chain's profits from 2003 and 2004 combined.
Defense attorneys argued that the board encouraged Marsh to promote the company.
"The entire board was behind Mr. Marsh's travel," testified longtime board member Stephen Huse.
"Bond and network -- that's the name of the game" Marsh told jurors.
But the board was not the most impartial evaluator of the executive's travel needs.
The nine-member board included, for many years, three Marsh family members and a director whose construction company contracted with Marsh Supermarkets to build some of its stores. Huse, who headed the committee that set Marsh's pay, has a daughter married to one of Marsh's sons.
Furthermore, board members also took part in some of the trips Marsh arranged, such as his annual salmon-fishing and bear-hunting outing to Alaska that cost the company more than $90,000 each time.
The Marsh trial "should be a wake-up call for public companies to make sure they have ... clear, written expectations of their CEO and a really clear conflict of interest policy that all board of directors sign," said Charlotte Westerhaus-Renfrow, a visiting lecturer of management at Indiana University's Kelley School of Business in Indianapolis.
Marsh Supermarkets did put in place a set of ethics guidelines and internal accountability controls after passage of the federal Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a measure enacted after the Tyco, Enron and WorldCom accounting scandals shook Wall Street. Included was a company code of conduct for all employees and officers.
One problem: Marsh testified he didn't recall the code being passed, and in any case, he didn't think he fell under its rules.
If true, that should have been a big concern for the board, said Eleanor Broxham, an expert on corporate governance who runs the Value Alliance consulting company in Westerville, Ohio.
"That's one of the oversight responsibilities of a board, to make sure this kind of codes are in place and people sign off on them," Broxham says.
Good governance, Broxham adds, "very much does come down to the board setting the tone: If they're in on the goodies, they become part of the problem."
Scandals and lawsuits
The board finally reined in its CEO in 2006, when the company posted a loss of $40 million as competitors Kroger, Wal-Mart and Meijer ate into its business with new superstores.
The board grounded the jet and limited Marsh's travel to Indiana, Ohio and Illinois, where the company had stores. And it stripped him of some CEO duties.
For his part, Marsh responded by trying to fire Huse, the board's point man in its belated effort to control its CEO. (Huse: Don called and said, "You're fired." I said, "You can't fire a board member. The shareholders fire a board member.")
In the fall of 2006 Sun Capital bought Marsh Supermarkets for $88 million. Company officers and board members other than Marsh received $17 million. Marsh's 20 percent share in the company stock was worth about $17 million. Marsh would later say at trial that Sun Capital "stole the company."
The resiliency of the supermarket chain, which has rebounded after reaching the brink of bankruptcy in 2006, shows that Marsh the brand was bigger than Marsh the longtime CEO and minor TV celebrity, says Tom Denari, president of the Indianapolis ad agency Young & Laramore.
"A brand is bigger than the person," Denari says. "It can survive through scandals and lawsuits and affairs."
Meanwhile, the judge in the Marsh trial has yet to rule on a remaining claim. Marsh is countersuing his old company. He says it owes him $2 million in withheld severance.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/VMcVVd
UAE banks seek to obtain the largest share in the financing of projects in the Suez Canal region after the opening of the new canal.
Sahar El-Damati, Deputy Managing Director and CEO of the Risk Management sector of the Emirates National Bank of Dubai (NBD) asserted that the bank is ready to finance any projects offered for the development of the Suez Canal Axis. He added that it has the sufficient liquidity to invest in these projects, in both local and foreign currencies.
El-Damati said that the parent bank in the UAE is excited to enter as a partner with the bank's branch in Egypt to finance the projects.
She explained that Emirates NBD is not targeting specific sectors to finance among the Suez Canal projects. It is targeting all kinds of projects as part of its confidence that all the projects to be offered for the development of the Suez Canal Axis will be essential and basic for the Egyptian economy's development.
It is expected that these projects will generate more than $100bn during the upcoming years, according to El-Damati.
She added that Emirates NBD did not wait for the offering of projects of the Suez Canal Axis development to confirm its confidence in the project. The bank participated earlier in the loan obtained by the Suez Canal Authority with a value of $100m, of a total estimated loan of $1bn.
The bank also entered into another loan that was arranged for the benefit of one of the companies working in the field of energy in order to buy and import equipment for the production of electricity in the Suez Canal region with an amount of $150m, including $90m from the parent bank in the UAE. Total value of the loan reached $282m, which emphasises the bank's interest in the area.
El-Damati added that the bank's role would not be limited to the financing of projects to be offered in the Suez Canal, as it will have another role in supporting Emirati investors who want to invest in these projects as well.
She said that most of these investors are clients of the bank, and are in a preparation phase to enter into a large number of projects. In the case of them needing financing, the bank will be ready and prepared to provide necessary help.
El-Damati expected economic activity in Egypt to increase, leading to an increase in the business of banks, especially after the offering of the Suez Canal development projects that will follow the opening of the new canal. She added that a major project like the development of the Suez Canal Axis is considered proof of the improved economic and political situations in Egypt.
The project will increase the Suez Canal revenues to about $13bn annually, compared to current annual revenues of $5.5bn, which will eventually increase foreign cash resources in Egypt, said El-Damati.
She stressed that Emirates NBD entered the Egyptian market in the second half of 2013 after acquiring BNP Paribas at a time when Egypt was experiencing difficult conditions. This shows the bank's strong support for Egypt as well as its confidence in the Egyptian economy and its ability to grow. There are great growth opportunities in the Egyptian market, and an expected increase of the size of investments to be made, which will have an impact on the work of banks, leading to an increase of their activities, according to El-Damati.
El-Damati described the Suez Canal Development project as one of the most important projects in Egypt during this phase. It is also the first serious national project carried out by Egypt since the building of the Aswan High Dam due to its national value and positive impact on the Egyptian economy in general, in addition to its contributions in operating labour and combatting unemployment.
She added that, with the implementation of this project as well as the flow of investments in Egypt and the production increase, cash resources will increase as well, leading to a higher credit rating for Egypt and an improvement in the perspective through which foreign institutions view Egypt. This will attract more foreign investments to the Egyptian market.
El-Damati expected that all banks will be keen to finance the projects thanks to their economic feasibility. It is very possible that banks would contribute to some projects according to the basis set by the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) for the banks' investment in projects.
Nike SB Dunk High “Red Packet”
5.00 / 5 3 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
Those who celebrate Chinese New Year know that the little red packets are a sign of immediate good fortune. These envelopes, which represent a traditional Chinese New Year practice of spreading good luck through money offerings, are the focus of this year's “Chinese New Year” interpretation by Nike SB. The Dunk High model features a rich, all-red upper with powerful hits of gold on the Swoosh, inner lining, the medallion piece on the laces, and on the glittered translucent outsole, completing a sure must-have sneaker release for the Spring season. A release date hasn't been set, but you can guess that these will be around right the Chinese New Year, which falls in early February. A detailed gallery awaits you below so take a look at the Nike SB Dunk High “Red Packet” and stay tuned to our Sneaker Release Dates page for the latest.
Source: kenlu
Cape Town – Only 733 of the more than 5 200 cases that the Financial Intelligence Centre (FIC) passed on to law enforcement agencies have been investigated in the past six years.
This amounts to about 14%.
Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba conveyed these statistics in response to a Parliamentary question posed by David Maynier, Democratic Alliance (DA) spokesperson on finance.
Maynier asked Gigaba to give the number of cases the FIC referred to law enforcement agencies over the past six financial years.
According to Gigaba, at least 5 230 financial intelligence reports have been referred to bodies, such as the police, the tax authority, security services and regulators, since the 2011/12 financial year.
“Of the referrals, 733 were disseminated for investigation,” Gigaba added.
READ: Gigaba signs FIC Amendment Act
The FIC serves as South Africa's national financial intelligence unit tasked to give financial intelligence to law enforcement agencies. The body analyses trends and transactions of financial institutions and individuals to monitor the flow of money in the economy.
Suspicious transactions
In October last year, former finance minister Pravin Gordhan filed court papers in which he revealed that 72 transactions involving the Gupta family were flagged as being suspicious. The transactions amounted to close to R7bn.
Gordhan turned to the courts for a declaratory order on whether he has the power to intervene in a matter in which Absa, FNB, Standard Bank and Nedbank banks severed business relations with the family.
READ: Oakbay: Cloud hangs over 72 'suspicious' transactions
The FIC, by law, is privy to details on all bank transactions that raise concern over the purpose thereof, according to section 29 of the FIC Act. Suspicious and unusual transactions, as defined by the act, include transfers that may relate to the financing of terrorism, the evasion or attempted evasion of tax payments, or transfers that have "no apparent business or lawful purpose".
The 72 transactions, with amounts varying from R5 000 to R1.3bn, were concluded by the Guptas and a number of their companies over the past few years.
Proceeds of crime cases
In a separate Parliamentary question, Maynier asked Gigaba to elaborate on the number of cases that the FIC referred specifically in relation to the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act.
The piece of legislation allows for the prosecution of individuals and enterprises that are guilty of corrupt activities and transactions relating to among other things tenders and contracts.
Gigaba said 87 such cases were referred to authorities. The FIC however doesn't know if any of the referrals have been investigated or resulted in a conviction. The Finance Minister pointed out that the FIC does not refer acts of criminality per se for investigation to law enforcement agencies.
READ: Guptas cash movements under the microscope - report
“It refers packages of transactional and other information that present indicators of suspected criminality to be investigated by the competent authority.
“It is for these authorities to determine if the transactions are indeed proceeds of crime, or may be associated with an unlawful predicate offence.”
× Add wishlist Private Public
Corsair Vengeance LPX CMK16GX4M2A2133C13R 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4 Red was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
NZXT S340 Mid Tower Case Black/Red was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
EVGA SuperNOVA G2 Gold 750W Power Supply was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
MSI Radeon R9 390X Gaming 8GB was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
ASRock Fatal1ty H170 Performance Motherboard was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
Samsung 850 EVO 120GB SSD was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable. was not added to your cart as it is currently unavailable.
Receiver Tavon Austin remains sidelined because of a hamstring injury. "Hamstrings are always things that you want to be mindful of and be very careful with," McVay said, "especially when you're bringing back an athlete like him that his game is so much predicated on explosion." … Rookie receiver Josh Reynolds is not practicing because of a quadriceps injury…. A day after signing receivers Justin Thomas of Georgia Tech and C.J. Germany of Notre Dame College, the Rams added K.D. Cannon from Baylor, who was cut last week by the New York Jets…. Cornerback Nickell Robey-Coleman made perhaps the play of the day when he broke up a long pass from Jared Goff to Robert Woods…. Lamarcus Joyner intercepted a pass by Goff in during seven-on-seven drills…. Goff connected with Cooper Kupp for a touchdown….. Tight end Gerald Everett made a spectacular leaping catch in the back of the end zone on a pass from Sean Mannion but was ruled out of bounds…. Linebacker Cory Littleton broke up a pass in the end zone…. Receiver Shakeir Ryan made a tough catch for a touchdown on a pass from Dan Orlovsky.
Planned Parenthood Reportedly ‘Steam-cooks' Aborted Fetuses before Disposing of Them Share Tweet
An investigation into Planned Parenthood clinics in Ohio has found that they not only dump fetal remains in a landfill after abortions, but they also “steam-cook” the fetuses.
Christian Today reports that Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine conducted the investigation of the so-called non-profit healthcare provider and found that they were in violation of “humane” disposal methods of the fetuses which are required by law.
“First, steam-cooking foetuses and then disposing of them in a landfill is not humane,” stated DeWine.
“It will come as a shock to Ohioans to find out that foetuses are being cooked and then they're being put in a landfill, and they're going to be mixed in with the garbage and whatever else goes into a landfill," DeWine continued.
Planned Parenthood immediately filed a lawsuit after being accused of these inhumane practices.
However, Troy Newman, president of the abortion-practitioner watchdog Operation Rescue, told LifeNews.com that Planned Parenthood's lawsuit was meant to distract from the real issue of their inhumane practices.
"[It's] an obvious ploy to deflect attention from their own lawbreaking by falsely accusing the attorney general. But perhaps the larger question is if dumping the cooked remains of aborted babies in landfills is inhumane, shouldn't we also consider the dismemberment deaths of these babies through suction or other procedures more inhumane?" Newman said, getting to the heart of the issue.
Photo courtesy: Wikimedia Commons
Publication date: December 15, 2015
James Forshaw gets £63,000 reward for discovering fault in software defences that could have been exploited by hackers
Microsoft has paid $100,000 (£62,600) to the British researcher James Forshaw for finding a critical security flaw in the software firm's upcoming Windows 8.1 operating system.
Forshaw, a researcher for the security firm Context, found a "mitigation bypass" - a hack that circumvented the protection systems built into Windows 8.1 which could have allowed hackers widespread access to the system.
"While we can't go into the details of this new mitigation bypass technique until we address it, when we strengthen platform-wide mitigations, we make it harder to exploit bugs in all software that runs on our platform, not just Microsoft applications," said Microsoft's senior security strategist, Katie Moussouris.
Forshaw said it had taken three and a half weeks to find the flaw, responding to "a very specific brief" from Microsoft.
"I think I originally came up with the winning idea sitting at home, pondering what I could do. When it comes to vulnerability testing, though, the eureka moment is more about the final working proof of concept. There are so many stumbling blocks that can trip you up along the way that you just can't get too excited quickly."
Despite the $100,000 bounty, Forshaw said: "We're not talking retirement money here. When it comes to security flaw bounties like this, most of it goes to the company, and even if it didn't, once the taxman has taken his cut it's certainly not a life-changing sum."
He said using outside experts was "just part of the process because of the scale of the task involved. Microsoft has a fairly extensive security department that actively looks for software flaws in its products, but sometimes it's a case of being too close to the product – you simply can't see the wood for the trees.
"You need to step back and look at the entire product and its interactions to find the higher-level vulnerabilities, like this mitigation bypass."
Outsourcing was also necessary from a monetary point of view, he said: "You couldn't dedicate enough resources to find everything – it's cheaper to pay external researchers bounties. Ultimately there's only a finite pool of talented people who can find vulnerabilities in these products."
Arguably, the bugs and vulnerabilities shouldn't exist in the first place, but "humans are fallible and you can't write perfect code," he said.
Loreena is poised to roll out three more albums from her catalogue as limited-edition, numbered vinyl records.
An Ancient Muse, The Mask and Mirror, and Parallel Dreams will all be released on vinyl through Loreena's own independent label, Quinlan Road and available for pre-order now.
*READ FIRST – IMPORTANT SHIPPING INFORMATION BELOW
The first 100 copies of each record will also be personally autographed by Loreena. (* please see shipping notes below)
* Orders which include autographed items will be shipped from our distribution centre in Canada and are therefore subject to applicable international shipping costs. If you need help with ordering, you can email us at shopping@quinlanroad.com or call +1-519-273-3876 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST Monday through Friday.
The records will be available in retail outlets in North America beginning Sept. 30th and in European outlets on Oct. 28th.
The 180-gram, audiophile-quality records were pressed at Record Industry in the Netherlands and will be numbered and limited edition.
“We're delighted that people clearly have an appetite for vinyl records – and in fact appear anxious to have my entire catalogue on vinyl,” says Loreena. “Each of these three recordings marks a special milestone in my journey exploring the history of the Celts. In some ways, Parallel Dreams is where my musical travel writing really begins. The Mask and Mirror started in the Galician region of Spain and ended in Morocco, exposing me to so much of the rich Arab influences in our own culture, while An Ancient Muse brought me to the Celts in Anatolia, Delphi, Mongolia and China. All of these journeys have been rich and inspirational.”
These latest vinyl releases will also be available at the merchandise stand on Loreena's upcoming fall tour.
So there's still a lot of people going ‘What the hell good is an Alpha clone? I can't fly my Tengu on it! What fun is that?!', so let me tell you how wrong you are! There's still so much fun you can have and just stuff that you can do with an Alpha clone that's not tied to T2 skills and a /max-optimal/ playstyle. Read onward and never again think of Alpha restrictions!
1) Join Spectre Fleet and go on T1 Alpha Clone roams.
2) Do 1-5/10 DED sites for dank drops.
3) Chat with your corp mates and shit-talk in BringingSoloBack.
4) Join a nullsec entity and go see Titans and Supercarries (getting dropped on you).
5) Go try hacking undefended POS passwords (1234/p@ssword/cykablyat/420).
6) Scan down Geckos and T2 drones left behind in Incursion systems.
7) Mine that glorious Gleaming Spodumain.
8) Shit up Jita local.
9) Explore Get rich doing Sansha Relic sites.
10) Rat in a 0.0 pocket.
11) Find offline POSes with SMA/CHAs and loot entire ships.
12) Fly around to become a combat-reporter and write articles on CrossingZebras.com (heard they pay 250m per article, just saying)
13) Get rich station trading in Amarr with 17 order slots per character.
14) Duel people at the sun in Amamake.
15) Take nifty screenshots and post on Instagram/FB/Twitter/ /r/eveporn.
16) Shit up Jita some more.
17) Scam people in Jita.
18) Write meat-based erotic fanfiction in Jita.
19) Catch industrials dropping below-price ores and BPs in Jita.
20) Create fantastic propaganda and post it on Reddit.
21) Go join Faction Warfare and claim systems for the righteous Amarr empire farm small plexes for dank LP.
22) Fly logistics and be a hero, saving your dude's much more expensive ships.
23) Ninja salvage L4 mission runner's shit.
24) Enter wormholes and huff C320/C540 gas. Or just huff static gas.
25) Do scout incursions and push back the Sansha menace, slightly.
26) Make Optimal Range scripts and sell them in backwater Lowsec stations for 1 5 10 mil a pop.
27) Hunt suspect people in highsec because they've been foolish.
28) Be the foolish one and loot freshly-ganked freighters/transports in highsec for dank isotopes, blueprints and skill extractors (???).
29) Did i mention to shit up Jita?
30) Gatecamp in instalocking arty Thrashers.
31) Scout out chains for your WH corp.
32) Scout and report intel to intel channels.
33) Find content and tackle it, then call your dudes in to kill it.
34) Visit the Titanomachy monument, Steve's wreck and various player and lore-based landmarks around New Eden.
35) FC fleets to glorious victory.
36) Set up low-ball buy orders in regions for blue sleeper loot, armor plates and overseer's personal effects.
37) Use the new Defender missiles and screen bombs for your dudes.
38) Become infamous and fly a jamming Griffin, ECM'ing that 2b Bhaalgorn and saving your fleet
39) Solo PvP in a Thorax for ISK efficiency ((elite)), or just be a space-ass.
40) Steal from ESS's and make mad dosh.
41) Don't forget to shit up Jita.
This is not a comprehensive list, by far, but I wanted to show you there are more ways than you can shake a Drifter DD at with which you can have fun by flying Alpha. Just think outside the defined bucket of sand that sits within the sandbox.
Engage with EVE and EVE will redbox you right back.
~Cosmo
Did you enjoy this article? Please consider supporting Crossing Zebras.
Catch up with more player reaction from Sunday's FA Cup winners parade:
MIKEL ARTETA
It's a perfect day to celebrate. Hopefully we're all going to enjoy it because it was a tough day yesterday but it ended up in the best way possible so we're really happy to be here.
We had some difficult years and it took a while to build this team and this spirit but I think yesterday was the best example of what it means to us and how much we want it. It's for everyone to deserve - especially for the fans because they've been terrific through the year again. Now it's time to enjoy it - that's what we fight for and we've got the first trophy for years.
"Arsenal is a melting pot with a lot of nationalities. We have a good alchemy and the boss has always believed in us and trusted in the squad" Olivier Giroud
It's a massive club and we have great support. Even away from home, the fans are always with us so it's a chance to enjoy, celebrate and have a good summer afterwards.
The celebrations were good fun with a bit of singing. It was great fun. I think the atmosphere between the players is so natural and good so we're all going to have fun.
OLIVIER GIROUD
I don't feel too bad! To be honest, it's amazing. I [did it] with Montpellier two years ago. It was maybe less than today because we are really happy to see all these people behind us. We couldn't know that there would be [such a] lot of people and it's a pleasure to share this moment with all of our fans.
It's amazing to win a trophy. It's a part of the story of Arsenal - it's really important and I'm really proud to have [won] this trophy. Hopefully next year and in the following years, we will have more.
We have a really good squad. I believe we have a good chance to have some great seasons.
I think Arsenal is a melting pot with a lot of nationalities. We have a good alchemy and the boss has always believed in us and trusted in the squad. We want to dedicate the trophy to him as well as all our fans.
ADVERT
White moves first, but then Black gets to move twice. Then White gets to move three times in a row, then Black four times in a row, then White five times in a row, and so on, with continuing escalation as the game proceeds. You cannot move your King through a check or play another move while your King is in check. If, in the middle of your sequence, you give check, you lose any remaining moves in your sequence and your opponent moves and enjoys his full sequence.
Here are a few observations:
1. Games will end rather quickly.
2. 1.d4 appears to be a stronger opening move than 1.e4; can you see why? For one thing, White is threatening to start his next threesome with Bg5, for another his King has some breathing space against some possible checks on f2. (If Black plays d5 and Nf6 in turn, consider the counter of e4, e5, and Bb5+. With the next “fivesome” of White he is threatening to advance pawns to e6 and g6 and take on f7. Qd3 and then Qf5 is another possible threat sequence.)
3. It is often good to give check on the last move of your sequence, if only to tie the hands of your opponent for one move.
4. Sometimes a more exposed King gives you a stronger position, because then the approach toward your King creates a check and ends the sequence of your opponent. This also means that pawn promotion should not always be to a Queen.
5. The Knight is often better on h3 rather than f3.
“Acceleration chess” is my phrase. And for the dedicated foursome there is “accelerated Bughouse.”
I thank several individuals at Jane St. Capital for relevant observations on this game plus a bit of play.
Buy Photo Mark Spiegel, 29, Indianapolis, watches a kick by 9-year-old Caleb Lewis, Indianapolis, at South Central Soccer Academy in Bargersville. Spiegel, who recently graduated from Butler University, was coaching youth soccer at the facility Dec. 17. He was playing soccer for Butler 10 years ago when he sustained a traumatic brain injury that led to chronic headaches ever since. Despite his pain, he's focused on finding joy and helping others. (Photo: Charlie Nye / IndyStar)Buy Photo
Mark Spiegel's head is hurting.
It is a relentless pain, like a migraine — the kind of pain that makes you want to reach for prescription bottles, the kind that forces you to crawl back into bed, the kind that keeps you up at night.
For him, the headache never goes away.
But you would never know it.
In a chilly indoor soccer facility on the Southside, 29-year-old Spiegel spots a stray neon soccer ball rolling away from a pack of spirited 8- to 10-year-olds. He runs at it and pounces, sending it swiftly into an unwatched goal.
“Ohhhhhhh!” he cheers himself, spinning around the practice turf with his arms out wide like an airplane.
The goofy coach crouches down to give kid-level high-fives. He gives encouragement for every player, every play: “Boom!” “What a save!” “Yes!”
Soccer is the game that broke him — then brought him back. He can't play it anymore, but he can't stay away.
Nearly 10 years ago, a sports injury sidelined Spiegel while he played for Butler University. It inflicted constant headaches and forced him to drop out of school.
In the depths of his depression, a counselor asked him: “What's good in your life?”
He had choices to make, the counselor told him. And he decided to choose joy.
A crushing blow
It was three days into preseason of Spiegel's sophomore year at Butler, and things were looking up.
He had sat on the bench the whole year before, redshirted by a groin injury and tortured by watching others play the game he so loved.
But he had undergone surgery, completed his recovery and was playing the best soccer of his life.
He was a center midfielder — the playmaker. He was a promising recruit, a record-breaking high school player and member of one of the best club teams in Kansas City, Mo.
Earlier that day, the coach had named him a starter.
As the team scrimmaged at practice, someone kicked a long ball. Spiegel saw it out of the corner of his eye. He turned.
It smacked him in the back of the head.
The way he describes it now, he makes a fist with one hand and punches it into his other open hand.
“My brain went forward and hit my skull,” he explains.
He didn't pass out. He kept playing.
But after the scrimmage, he went to the trainer.
“I just am not feeling right,” he told her.
That's when the headaches started.
“I was told it was just a concussion, and it would die down,” Spiegel said. “Once my headache went away, I could start playing again.
“It just kind of never went away.”
He wasn't allowed to play for the rest of the year. He wondered what people thought when they looked at him on the bench, seemingly healthy and in shape but hobbled by an invisible injury.
It wasn't just a problem on the field. He couldn't concentrate, and he couldn't remember things he had read.
He approached it like an athlete: Rub some dirt on it. Shake it off. Suck it up. Just work harder. Three hours in the library studying turned into four or five.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“I'd been hit in the head plenty of times — worse, I feel,” he said.
But this time was different.
A growing problem
Sports-related concussions have become a national talking point in recent years, shoved into greater recognition after high-profile incidents in the NFL and amid growing fears for youngsters in increasingly intense sports.
At Indiana University School of Medicine, Dr. Thomas McAllister studies concussions and how different people are affected by seemingly similar injuries.
An estimated 3 million people suffer sports-related concussions every year, he said, though that's likely an underreported number.
The mild brain injury can leave a person dazed and confused, but studies have shown nine out of 10 elite athletes recover in a week or a little longer.
Five percent to 10 percent of people, though, don't experience a good recovery.
McAllister pointed to factors that could have worked against Spiegel, such as a previous concussion in high school and other big hits along the way.
Spiegel's brain scans showed some bruising and swelling, too – another bad sign.
Symptoms commonly associated with concussions – headaches, imbalance, trouble sleeping – can persist.
“The headache can be very difficult to treat,” McAllister said. “We really don't understand what causes it.”
Another wallop
Spiegel was desperate to get back on the field.
“Eventually,” he said, “— and I hate that athletes are probably still doing this — I lied and said my head feels perfect, I'm all better, I just want to play soccer.”
The deception bought him clearance to play in his first collegiate game. He started and earned a game-winning assist.
“I was on top of the world,” he said, “so I just went with it.”
The team started his junior-year season with three wins at home. About a month into the season, they traveled to face off against Indiana University.
While playing, an elbow clipped Spiegel's temple.
“I don't remember much from that game,” he said. “It was fuzzy. The next morning I was asking if we had won. And we'd lost.”
He went to Pittsburgh to see a specialist, who told him he was putting too much stress on his brain – staying up late, studying, playing soccer, traveling to China over the summer.
“I wanted him to tell me, here's how you fix it. Here's a pill you take to fix it,” Spiegel said. “And he said, nope, you're done.”
A diligent student, Spiegel tried to continue going to classes at Butler but would walk out unable to remember what had been discussed.
His roommates would find him sitting on the edge of his bed, holding his head in his hands and sobbing from the pain.
He dropped out of school.
Downward spiral
The kid who didn't want to miss out on anything in college eventually watched his roommates and friends graduate from Butler without him.
“I went from a D-I athlete involved in probably too many things,” Spiegel said, “to living at home with my mom and dad and little brother, waiting for them to get home from work.”
Under doctor-ordered complete rest, a fog of medicines, dreaded sleeplessness and growing depression, he lost his great ambitions.
He resigned himself to trying to watch every movie ever. His mom took him on “dates” out to dinner, just to get him out of the house.
But he wasn't always open with his family about what he was going through, his mom said, because he didn't want them to worry. He didn't want them to be sad.
“He became a person that scared us,” said his mom, Jean. “His optimism, his love for life just wasn't there.
Spiegel began to feel like he was holding onto false hope that his headaches would vanish.
“For a long time I went to bed with the hope and the prayer of please, let tomorrow be the day,” he said. “To be let down that often is… it's so crushing.”
But when the Christian counselor asked him about what was good in his life, it all came pouring out.
Spiegel talked about how close he was with his parents and three brothers. He talked about the neighborhood kids whom he grew up with, playing outside until the streetlights came on.
He talked about joining his pals for shaving their heads in the summers, barbecuing on Sundays, playing wiffle ball in the backyard.
Here's what the counselor told him:
You don't have to be happy with your situation, but you can still find joy in it.
“That gave me the freedom to say having a headache for 10 years sucks,” Spiegel said. “I hate it with all my being. Every day is the worst.
“But I have a great life. I laugh more than I do anything else, and that's because I wake up and I can count blessings. I can find joy in things that I used to take for granted.”
Fighting back
The first step was to start running.
First, he ran on a treadmill at a gym.
Then — ever the goal-setter to the extreme — he tackled marathons.
“It makes my head hurt worse, but my soul feels better,” Spiegel said.
He found joy in coaching youth soccer. He volunteered at a soup kitchen. He worked with Young Life, a youth ministry, which took him to Colorado and Japan to lead outdoor excursions.
His head hurt — worse when he traveled, worse with higher elevations — but life was better when he focused on others.
Choosing joy gave him the strength to finally return to Butler five years after he dropped out.
He went back to become an English teacher. It melded his coaching style and his fascination with people's stories, fostered by the communities he found in Colorado and beyond.
“He wants to know why about everything,” said Butler professor Shelly Furuness, who became Spiegel's mentor.
He didn't miss classes, she said, and didn't let on about his headaches – even as the pain climbed from its usual 6, on a scale of 10, to a steady 8.
As he wrapped up his degree and started student-teaching, Spiegel began to realize that his headaches demanded flexibility that he wouldn't get in a traditional teaching job, where he would always need to be “on stage” in the classroom.
He graduated from Sunday with a piece of paper that he hurt so bad for and might not be able to use.
Instead of getting a teaching job, he is launching a competition called Charitable Heroes, where people will try to win a chance to donate money every year to a cause of their choice.
Judges oversee three rounds: A video or essay about yourself, questions about a cause you support and an interview.
The entrance fees go toward a trust that lets the winner gain the charitable “superpower” of giving away a percentage of it every year.
“Inspire, educate and empower,” Spiegel said. “We see a broken world, and we want to fix it, but we can't fix it for everyone. Can we do for one what we want to do for everyone?”
He sets aside his pain to pour himself into giving back in some way — in any way.
“That's why I volunteer,” he says. “I want to give them what I was given.”
So when he says he wants to help change the world, somehow, coming from him, it sounds like a reachable goal.
Step by step
In a way, coaching soccer seems like everything else Spiegel chooses to do: A defiant stance against the pain that he won't let define him.
But maybe he gives the kids the little pushes he needs, too: You did it. Now keep going. Just like this. You can do it.
The future is a cruel prospect for a man who lives his life tiny decision by tiny decision.
His days are composed of little incremental goals: I'm gonna get out of bed and take a shower. I'm gonna make it to the next hour. I'm gonna make it through lunch.
His unofficial motto seems to have been both chosen and forced on him: Suck it up.
“Everything is a choice,” he said. “To get out of bed is a huge choice. To smile rather than frown is a huge choice. To hold back tears is a huge choice.”
Whatever it takes to find his joy.
Cathy Knapp contributed to this story. Call Star reporter Stephanie Wang at (317) 444-6184. Follow her on Twitter: @stephaniewang.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1c3oef1
A Sept. 27th article in the Independent by Bethan McKernan claims that a 28-year-old Palestinian student named Mohammed Awad was due to begin a masters programme at Goldsmiths, University of London, but may have to forfeit his place because of an “Israeli delay in approving his travel papers”.
Awad, from Jabalia, north of Gaza City, is quoted by the Indy expressing his frustration at the “red tape and lengthy delays” at COGAT (Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories) in processing his application.
However, we contacted COGAT to inquire about travel visa, and they responded by emphatically denying the Indy's version of what occurred. A spokesperson told us that his application was approved for travel on Nov. 14th, the exact date requested by the Palestinian Civil Affairs Committee. Though the article was updated (at some point after it was first published) to note a response by COGAT confirming that Awad's application had been “submitted” for travel on Nov. 14th, McKernan failed to make clear that it was in fact “approved”.
The headline accompanying McKernan's article is even more misleading. It not only fails to reflect the reply from COGAT, but actually claims Awad's application was “denied”, despite the fact that the article doesn't make this claim.
Additionally, the Indy piece asserts that Awad had previously “missed the chance to study in France in 2014 because of a delayed COGAT decision, as well as a professional development course in the West Bank last year.” But, this too was denied by COGAT in an email to UK Media Watch. According to a spokesperson, this was his first such request.
Near the end of the article, McKernan includes a quote from an ‘expert' named Garry Spedding:
In a letter to MPs urging them to intervene in Mr Awad's case, Gary Spedding, a cross-party consultant on Israel and the Palestinian Territories, said he could not “stress enough” “the value of bringing Palestinians from the Occupied Palestinian Territory, particularly that of the Gaza Strip, over to the United Kingdom for studies.”
McKernan obfuscates the fact that Garry Spedding is hardly an objective “consultant”. He's a well-known pro-Palestinian activist who founded a group called Palestine Solidarity Society at Queen's University in Belfast. Spedding was deported from Israel in 2014 due to his reported involvement in organising a protest at Queen's in which an Israeli official was attacked.
Further down in the article, the Indy contextualises COGAT's putative delay of Awad's travel request by alleging that “permission to leave Gaza is notoriously difficult to obtain for the enclave's two million residents”, an Israeli process characterized by McKernan as “Kafkaesque”.
However, the statistics (provided to us by COGAT) tell a completely different story.
In 2014, 65,539 crossings were coordinated from the Gaza Strip to Israel.
In 2015, 103,784 crossings were coordinated from the Gaza Strip to Israel.
In 2016, 99,864 crossings were coordinated from the Gaza Strip to Israel.
In the first quarter of 2017, 39,219 crossings were coordinated from the Gaza Strip to Israel.
Somehow, since 2014, more than 300,000 Palestinians have managed to navigate this “Kafkaesque” process.
Finally, in a perfect example of the advocacy journalism that routinely compromises the media's objectivity in covering the conflict, here's how McKernan ended her “news article”:
We've lodged an official complaint with Indy editors over the misleading and false claims in the article.
Related Articles
Cincinnati Zoo on Twitter
Back in June, the Cincinnati police department declared that the parents of the child who fell into Harambe the gorilla's enclosure would not be charged after a criminal probe. However, the federal government has continued its investigation into whether the zoo had taken necessary steps to avoid such a situation. In a final ruling, the feds determined that the Cincinnati zoo's enclosure's barrier did not meet standards on the day Harambe was killed.
The investigation concludes after much outrage over the fate of Harambe, who was shot after an errant toddler dropped into his environment, and the zoo determined that the 400-pound animal posed a life-threatening danger to the young boy. Questions swirled over whether the incident could have been prevented, and only a few days after the incident occurred, the zoo quickly built a modified barrier. The taller and larger structure (hopefully) won't allow for a repeat situation, but the feds have nonetheless ruled that fines or other penalties could arrive after their determination.
According to CBS News, the reactive procedures followed by the zoo's dangerous-animal response team were in compliance, but the feds may take further action based upon preventative slip-ups concerning the state of the barrier. That is to say, the wiring at the bottom of the existing fence reportedly contained too much slack and could have been ‘manipulated to an eight-inch gap,” which allowed the child to slip through without his mother noticing until it was too late.
Somewhere along the way, Harambe the gorilla was appropriated by the Internet in memes and politicized too. With the closing of the investigation, Cincinnati zoo hopes to move forward and ensure that no incident like this happens again.
(Via CBS News & The Guardian)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A veteran CIA clandestine service officer who ran one of the agency's “black site” prisons set up after the 9/11 attacks was named deputy director of the U.S. spy agency on Thursday by U.S. President Donald Trump.
The lobby of the CIA Headquarters Building in Langley, Virginia, U.S. on August 14, 2008. REUTERS/Larry Downing/File Photo -
Gina Haspel, who will serve under new Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo, was the first woman spy to reach the CIA's second-highest position, and her selection won applause inside the agency's Virginia headquarters and from many longtime U.S. intelligence professionals.
However, Haspel once ran a secret CIA prison in Thailand where two suspected al-Qaeda members were waterboarded, intelligence and congressional officials said on condition of anonymity. She helped carry out an order to destroy videotapes of the waterboarding, which simulates drowning and is considered a form of torture, these people said.
Her promotion, combined with the possibility Trump could seek to reopen black site prisons and has endorsed waterboarding, may be controversial, despite the fact Pompeo and defense secretary James Mattis have rejected so-called “enhanced interrogation techniques.”
A draft executive order requesting a review of whether the U.S. should reopen CIA prisons in other countries and revisit other interrogation methods not considered torture has been circulating within the White House, but it is not clear if it will be issued, and if it is, whether any nations would agree to host such facilities again, the officials said.
“I appreciate Ms. Haspel's many years of service at the CIA, yet I want some reassurance from her that she intends to comply with both the spirit and the letter of the law, like Director Pompeo testified that he would during his confirmation process,” said Democrat Mark Warner, vice chairman of the Senate intelligence committee.
Christopher Anders, the deputy director of the Washington office of the American Civil Liberties Union, said he was “gravely concerned” about Haspel's appointment.
Haspel has served in a number of overseas posts, including as chief of a major CIA station, and although she was briefly acting head of the National Clandestine Service in 2013, Senator Dianne Feinstein, ranking minority member of the intelligence committee, opposed her permanent promotion to that job.
Other veteran officials, though, praised Pompeo for choosing her.
“It speaks well of him for picking a seasoned veteran of the agency who is widely and deeply respected by the workforce as well as those outside the agency,” said former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, who resigned on January 20 after 50 years of military and intelligence service.
By Fred Backus and Jennifer De Pinto
The allegations
Most voters casting ballots in Alabama's special election for U.S. Senate say they decided on their candidate some time ago, according to early exit polling. Six in 10 made up their minds before November – largely prior to when allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced against Republican candidate Roy Moore. Still, nearly four in 10 say they made their decision in November or after that, including about one in five who decided this month. About 10 percent of voters of decided in the last few days and they are choosing Moore (56 percent) over Jones (37 percent).
Moore is facing off against Democrat Doug Jones.
Gender and race
There is a gender gap: more than half of men are voting for Moore (57 percent), while most women are voting for Jones (57 percent). Jones' support from women is largely boosted by his support among African American women, 97 percent of whom back him. White women are backing Moore – about two-thirds are supporting him.
So far, African Americans make up roughly 30 percent of the electorate. If it holds it would slightly surpass the 28 percent who turned out to vote in Barack Obama's bid for re-election in 2012. More than nine in 10 blacks are voting for Doug Jones.
Moore's support
Republican Roy Moore has managed to retain strong support of members of his own party (91 percent) , as well as the strong support of conservatives and whites - particularly white evangelicals (8 in 10 are backing him). Most white evangelicals thought the sexual misconduct allegations against Moore were false. Republican women are backing Moore (90 percent), and most said the allegations against him were false.
Jones' support
Democrat Doug Jones is getting strong support from his party (98 percent). He also has the support younger voters, liberals and moderates.
Right now, more voters have a favorable opinion of Jones (50 percent) than say that about Moore (41 percent). This breaks along party lines with most Democrats having a favorable opinion of Jones, while most Republicans view Moore favorably. But about one in five Republicans view Moore unfavorably, compared to just 2 percent of Democrats who feel that way about Moore.
Fewer than one in 10 Republicans crossed party lines to vote for Doug Jones, but Jones has a slight edge among independents.
Alabama voters divide on the validity of the allegations of sexual misconduct levelled against Moore. Just under half think they are true, while more than four in 10 think they are false. Most Jones voters believe the allegations, while most of Moore's supporters do not.
For roughly 40 percent of the voters, these allegations were an important factor in their vote Tuesday. More than six in 10 Jones supporters say they were an important factor, but about four out of five Moore backers they were not important.
Trump
President Trump – who is publicly supporting Roy Moore – seems to be a more important factor to Moore's voters than those who are voting for Doug Jones. While nearly six in 10 Moore voters say one reason for their choice is to express support for Mr. Trump, most of Jones' supporters say the president was not a factor in their decision -- either way.
Slightly more Alabama voters do prefer the U.S. Senate be controlled by the Republican party than by the Democratic party.
At this point, Alabama voters are divided on President Trump's job performance: 48 percent approve, while 48 percent disapprove.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is not popular in Alabama – about 69 percent of voters view him unfavorably. McConnell has said that Moore should have dropped his Senate bid, over the allegations involving teenage girls. Both major political parties are viewed unfavorably by more than half of Alabama voters.
Strength of support
Early exit polling shows Jones voters are more strongly behind their candidate than Moore voters. Eight in 10 Jones voters say they strongly favor him, compared to just over half of Moore backers who say that about him. About a third of Moore supporters say they like him, but have reservations. Over one in 10 Moore voters say they were partly motivated by their dislike of Jones.
Vin Lauria, who is a freelance graphic designer, spent three weeks creating this family tree for Nintendo products and games. Lauria says he designed the stunning infographic not only because he loved Nintendo, but it served as a way to inform people who have moved on to other systems about Nintendo's history.
“To me, it always seemed like Nintendo is the tree trunk that everyone else in the industry just branches off of. PlayStation came out of a failed SNES CD add-on. A major part of SEGA's claim to fame was their big Gen4 war with Nintendo. The Xbox was essentially Microsoft making a new console out of the corpse of the SEGA Dreamcast, which they assisted in creating. Nintendo's the longest-surviving major player in the industry and a big catalyst in so many goings-on, but… I just see so much ignorance about them. I talked to one guy about a week ago – on a gaming message board – who upon hearing of Mario Kart 8, was surprised to know there were even Mario Karts 2-7. He didn't even know there was anything after the first one he played all those years ago. Mario Kart, of all things. That's just one extreme example, but this kinda stuff just keeps happening everywhere I look. Even that Reddit thread I posted, you have comments like “Wow, there was all that stuff for the GameCube? I got out before the N64 was over. I didn't know their output remained so high.” It's Nintendo!”
“And that's the main point. Continuing from my point above, for the most lucrative medium in the world at the moment, the video game industry appears to care so little about its own history. Oh sure, you have all those retro-esque indie games and occasionally big companies porting their old stuff. And you get a few earnest efforts every now and then like the “Did You Know Gaming?” YouTube series, or a page on Wikipedia on the (fairly abridged) history of Nintendo. But no one's really explored this stuff in-depth. And with the medium attracting more newcomers than ever, there's barely any archival efforts or attempts to teach all these people about everything they missed. And this is a history that many of us were here for. This isn't ancient stuff, y'know. This is recent. This is a history that there are millions of first-hand accounts of from damn well near its inception and no one's paying attention to it.”
Thanks, David B
Kip Beckman
Principal Economist,
Economic Services
There is nothing that angers Americans more than soaring gasoline prices and, as prices rocket towards $5 per gallon in some parts of the country, Republicans are blaming the Obama administration for the unwelcome situation that is unfolding just as the economy is starting to turn around. The Democrats have correctly pointed out that surging gasoline prices are not their fault but are instead linked to refinery shutdowns and concerns over potential military action in Iran.
Unfortunately, the rather pointless debate over gasoline prices has masked some dramatic changes that have taken place in the US energy industry as a result of new drilling technologies. These changes have sharply increased both oil and natural gas production and could lead to a situation that would have been considered unthinkable only a few years ago – the US could become a net exporter of energy. These fast-moving developments led energy consultant and economist Phil Verleger to speculate about the United States eventually joining OPEC. While it would be far-fetched to imagine the US energy minister sitting around a table with oil ministers from countries like Venezuela and Iran and plotting how much to charge for their oil, there is little doubt that surging energy production will generate huge benefits for the US economy over the next few decades.
The new technology that has led to this remarkable turnaround is referred to as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking for short. Hydraulic fracturing processes have been used for decades to recover oil and gas from rock formations through the use of traditional vertical drills. However, hydraulic fracturing, combined with new horizontal drilling techniques, has enabled energy producers to retrieve massive quantities of natural gas and oil from deeply buried shale rock formations. An energy-rich underground layer of rock called the Utica Shale, which lies below eight states from Tennessee to New York and parts of Canada, has ignited a leasing frenzy and better economic prospects for some depressed rust belt states.
Early estimates suggest that there could be as much as 5.6 billion barrels of oil and 15 trillion cubic feet of natural gas just in the portion of the Utica Shale located in Ohio. The returns from the new technology have already had an impact on the US energy industry. Bloomberg News recently reported that domestic oil production is currently at its highest level in close to a decade. The country is generating so much natural gas that it may approve an export terminal. (It was only four years ago that the federal government warned of the likelihood that the United States would have to consider importing natural gas.) The United States has managed to reverse a two-decade-long decline in energy independence and has the potential to be the top energy producer in the world by 2020. Reduced reliance on Middle East oil and the tax revenue for state and federal government coffers from greater energy production could help governments lower fiscal deficits in the years ahead.
The impact of shale oil's potential in a depressed state like Ohio has already been significant. Chesapeake Energy Corporation and other oil companies have moved into the northeast part of Ohio to purchase mineral-rights leases to drill for oil. Chesapeake has already spent around $1 billion acquiring mineral rights on over one million acres of land from public and private landowners. A farmer in the state's poor Appalachian region received close to $1 million for selling drilling rights for his land while Chesapeake offered the small town of Navarre enough money to run its police department for six months in exchange for the rights to drill beneath a park and cemetery!
Of course, fracking technology is not without its critics. Environmentalists contend that fracking, which involves the use of chemicals, water and sand to crack open shale to release its oil and gas, risks contaminating groundwater. This will inevitably lead to arduous negotiations between energy companies and towns across the United States where shale oil and gas is discovered. However, it is worth noting that there could be some important benefits for the environment resulting from shale energy. Rising natural gas production will allow for the substitution of gas for coal at power plants across the United States. A kilowatt-hour's worth of electricity from a natural gas turbine emits around half as much CO2 as emissions from a coal plant.
Americans will always complain about high gas prices no matter how much oil and gas are eventually found in the country's vast shale deposits. However, the potential benefits to the economy attributable to shale oil imply that it may not be just Texans who celebrate high oil prices in the future.
References
Ryan Dezember, “Shale Lifts Prospects in Ohio”, The Wall Street Journal (March, 2011).
Thomas Friedman, “A Good Question”, The New York Times (February, 2012).
Related Research:
Canada's Gas Extraction Industry: Industrial Outlook
The Opposition found BJP patriarch LK Advani by its side at a parliamentary standing committee meeting on net neutrality on Thursday, amid a raging row that the government was trying to gift Internet space to corporate groups.
Advani was on the same page with opposition members who demanded that the meeting be called off as representatives of private service providers Airtel, Vodafone and Idea were invited to present their case on the controversial net neutrality issue.
Net neutrality means firms that provide online services should treat all lawful Internet content in an unbiased manner. The government has been weighing its options on the raging debate whether telecom firms should influence access to websites.
The panel on information technology, headed by BJP MP Anurag Thakur, had to abandon the meeting after 50 minutes of heated exchange as Derek O'Brien of the Trinamool Congress and Congress's KVP Ramachandra Rao insisted that consumer forums and over-the-top service providers should be invited first.
The Opposition said the 120-page background note provided by the telecom operators had reached them last evening, leaving no time to go through it. "I am not literate enough to read 120 pages in 3-4 hours," Trinamool's Prasun Banerjee remarked.
As Thakur and his BJP colleague, Sunil Gaikwad, pressed to go ahead with the meeting, Advani's turn came to speak. "Both points (of the opposition leaders) are relevant. Let us call a meeting later," he said.
The opposition members seized the opportunity, saying there shouldn't be any further argument sinceAdvani wants the meeting postponed.
Thakur put up a brave face and proposed that the telecom representatives be allowed to at least make their presentations and the panel members can question them later. All along, representatives of the service providers were waiting outside.
But the opposition members dug in their heels. "Batting and fielding in a cricket match can't happen separately," one of them said.
They praised Advani, who has been sidelined in the BJP since it became the first party to enjoy outright Lok Sabha majority in 30 years after romping to power in May last year.
The Opposition has sought to corner the Narendra Modi government on net neutrality after telecom regulator TRAI invited comments from users and companies on how over-the-top services should be regulated in the country.
First Published: May 22, 2015 00:27 IST
It is reasonable to criticize experts in international affairs for failing to predict any of the momentous events of the past few decades. The fall of communism in Eastern Europe as well as the collapse of the Soviet Union and the "Arab Spring" all caught analysts by surprise. There are also cases, however, when the opposite is true and political Cassandras unanimously caution about something, but decision-makers simply dismiss them. Iraq is just one such case.
In the autumn of 2002, when it became clear that the George W. Bush administration was pushing for military action against then-Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, there was an effective consensus among Russian Orientalists. Save for a few negligible exceptions, they all unanimously asserted that such action would lead to chaos and ultimately to the disappearance of Iraq as a unified state. At all international conferences and in personal meetings, Russian specialists cautioned their American colleagues not to do it. Some of the interlocutors agreed; others nodded knowingly, while remaining unconvinced; while others still, especially those who worked directly with the US administration, shrugged their shoulders. There is no need to scare us, they'd say, the democratic transformation of the Middle East is inevitable, it has only to be encouraged.
After a year or two, however, against the background of bloody turmoil in Iraq, many of the optimists were forced to admit that the Russian skeptics had been right. Later, when some order was brought to Iraq along with the start of relatively democratic procedures, it again appeared that Moscow had exaggerated. Still, even then Russians did not place much faith in the future of Iraq. Most commentaries regarding the withdrawal of US forces from there boiled down to the fact that the United States had one task, namely to ensure that a democratic Iraq would not collapse immediately after the liberation from occupation, thus saving face.
The lack of confidence in Iraq's prospects did not prevent Moscow from establishing relations with the Iraqi leadership, especially since democratic elections — as it could have been easily predicted on the basis of Iraq's confessional structure — brought to power forces more in tune with Iran than with the United States. After Saddam's overthrow, it seemed that Russian oil companies, primarily Lukoil, had forever lost the Iraqi market and its resources. But gradually, they began to return and invest in previous projects such as the development of the major West Qurna Field. Separately, links were built with the Kurdish leadership. In 2012, an important deal was reached to sell weapons to Baghdad worth more than $4 billion, which visibly irritated Washington. The agreement had not even been sealed when a fight broke out over it. Nonetheless, Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki aimed for maximum diversification of economic and geopolitical relations to avoid being exclusively dependent on any of the major players.
Iraq's position on the Syrian conflict, if it didn't entirely coincide with Russia's and Iran's, then certainly drastically differed from that of the rest of the Arab countries. There were even talks of a Russian-Shiite axis in the Middle East, the Moscow-Tehran-Baghdad-Beirut (Hezbollah) axis.
The resumption of active ties has not affected Moscow's assessment of Iraq's future prospects, as Russian scholars have long been arguing that a new civil war has been rapidly brewing in the country. In the last two or three years, this has been a main topic of conversation, though, oddly enough, Iraq has not been in the spotlight all the same. US President Barack Obama, whose withdrawal from Iraq has become one of the major achievements of his presidency, did not want to admit that the situation in the country was quickly deteriorating and something had to be done about it.
Iraq has played an important role in Russian politics. The 2003 US invasion was in many respects a turning point in Russian President Vladimir Putin's assessment of the United States, the West and the possibility of full and equal cooperation with them.
Putin, it must be said, though he spoke strongly against Washington's military involvement in Iraq as well as warning of the consequences, was not at the time the most active opponent of the United States. His rhetoric drastically toughened under the influence of then-French President Jacques Chirac, who led the campaign against the US invasion. The Russian president counted on the fact that, if he supported Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, yet another critic of Bush, this would likely be a breakthrough toward qualitatively different relations with the European Union. At the time, this was a key desire of Putin's. The Iraq conflict was the first case — and the last, so far — in which Russia wasn't against the West overall, but sided instead with one part of it against another.
For various reasons, those hopes did not materialize, but Putin drew conclusions with regard to the world order. Iraq, in his opinion, proved that the United States is doing and will do what they want and see fit, even if it is contrary to the rule of law and requires the manipulation of evidence. It is not an accident that Putin recently mentioned the tubes with the allegedly irrefutable evidence that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction, which then-US Secretary of State Colin Powell showed at the UN Security Council. The Russian president was speaking about accusations that Russia was fomenting a war in Ukraine. "Show the proof or do you have again, like then, only tubes with unknown powder?" he said.
Gradual changes, hardly noticeable at first, took place in Russian foreign policy following the Iraq campaign. Moscow, as so often before, seemingly came to terms with what had happened, and even started to cooperate on Iraq within the framework of international stabilization efforts. Long-term decisions, however, had been made regarding the fact that the United States could not be trusted; that Russia must rely only on itself and concentrate its strengths and capabilities to defend its positions in a world of chaos and legal nihilism. In this respect, Russia's way into the Crimean Peninsula began on the day when American tanks rolled into Iraq.
It is curious that Iraq, as a test-project for the global promotion of democracy, was a harbinger of the "color revolutions" in the former Soviet Union, especially in Georgia and Ukraine. Broadly speaking, these were all elements of the same policy, although pursued by different means. At its core lay the theory of "democratic peace," according to which the more democracies there are in the world, the fewer wars and threats thereof will ensue — so that democratization should be fostered by any means. Now the order has been reversed. First, the tumultuous events in Ukraine started, the second series of the democratic revolution in 2004, but now with large-scale use of violence and the threat of state collapse. And then Iraq exploded yet again: The seeds sown over a decade ago have finally sprouted. There is no direct connection, but in the general context of an unpredictably insane world, they are links of one single chain.
The new Ukrainian authorities have had no luck. The Iraqi catastrophe clearly diverts the US' attention from Ukraine, and this plays into the hands of Russia and those Ukrainian forces in the east of the country that are oriented toward it.
The scale of the consequences of current events in Iraq is difficult to predict. Russia risks losing investments, let's say, for $4 billion by Lukoil, but this pales against the possible domino effect. This may entail a new civil war in Iraq, which could pour oil on the fire of the Syrian conflict as well as the overall confrontation between Saudi Arabia and Iran, Sunnis and Shiites. The emergence of an independent Kurdistan would reshape the entire geopolitical map, putting Turkey in an incredibly difficult position. The impact on Afghanistan is impossible to calculate, and so on and so forth.
Despite the serious Russian-US standoff over Ukraine, Moscow will definitely not try to play the role of spoiler and exacerbate the problems the United States faces in the region. There is too high a risk of collapse of the entire regional system, so close to the Russian borders. This is even more so because Russia-friendly Iran in this situation is as interested as the United States in maintaining the status quo in Iraq.
Moscow, however, is unlikely to undertake active efforts to assist Washington. For the Russian leadership, as well as for Russian public opinion, what is happening in Iraq is a verdict on the entire US policy after the Cold War, and the symbol of the resounding failure of those who only recently displayed the utmost arrogance toward everyone who disagreed with their policies. Putin sees in Iraq yet further proof of how right he was. The attempts at leadership of the mightiest countries bring only destruction and achieve the opposite effect, whether it is the EU's efforts to drag Ukraine into its sphere of influence, which resulted in serious upheaval, or the collapse of Iraq, whose impetus came from Washington's desire to establish the "correct" order in the Middle East.
For as far back as we are able to look into the prehistory of the human race, music has been a crucial part of the life of humans. Some scholars even speculate that human music may have come before language. From the beginning, people living in little groups sang and danced to self-made music. Drums and pipes were readily developed, and even today they can be found in use, still often hand-made, in every culture anywhere in the world where simple communities gather for group celebrations.
With advancing technology, more sophisticated musical instruments became possible, and during the 20th century, peaking in the ‘60s and ‘70s, the electric guitar became an institution for musicians and a battlefield of competition among the great guitar players of the era. Les Paul, Duane Eddy, Keith Richards, Eric Clapton, Slash, Van Halen and Yngwie Malmsteen attracted legions of worshipful followers. The endless Electric Guitar Debate (“Who is the best ever?”) is part of pop culture, and the top two contenders, Jimi Hendrix and Jimmy Page, are legendary figures in the world of rock n' roll.
But what's the story behind the electric guitar? Who invented it? How did it all start?
We'll start answering these questions by debunking a common misconception. Many people think that Les Paul was the inventor of the electric guitar, but he wasn't. The credit for this goes to George Beauchamp, a musician, and Adolph Rickenbacker, an electrical engineer, who are rightfully considered to be the people who created the first commercially viable modern amplifiable electric guitar. Others had attempted this before them, such as using carbon button microphones (like in old phones) attached to the the bridge of the guitar, but Beauchamp and Rickenbacker were the first to actually achieve the modern electrically amplified guitar with sound quality good enough to use in a professional music setting. But let's take a closer look at their story.
The need for an electric guitar arose because the classic guitar was too quiet to contribute to the music a band produced in many settings. This problem particularly began being apparent in the concert hall music of the 1880s. Later, the Big Bands of the ‘20s got their power and swing from the drums and brass, so the acoustic guitar became a second-tier instrument, producing melodies that not even the musicians of the band could hear in many cases. The need for an innovation for the guitar was obvious.
George Beauchamp, who designed the very first crude electric guitar right in his house, played Hawaiian guitar, and according to guitar historian Richard Smith, Hawaiian music as a genre was a key factor in the invention of the electric guitar. “You had the Hawaiian musicians,” Smith said, “where… the guitar was the melody instrument. So the real push to make the guitar electric came from the Hawaiian musicians.”
As mentioned, before this, jazz musicians and others tried attaching various things to hollow-body wooden guitars to amplify the sound with not so great results- then the Hawaiian-style lap steel guitar was electrified. Originally converted to raised-string (“steel”) guitars from wooden Spanish-style hollow guitars, these Hawaiian steel guitars (so-called because they are played with a steel bar), are placed across the knees and played horizontally, giving rise to the term “lap guitars” or “lap steel guitars.” Eventually, some were forged from brass, and were much louder than the wooden varieties.
At the same time in history that lap steel guitars began to be made of metal, electrical amplification was becoming a reality.
Beauchamp met Rickenbacker at the Dopyera Brothers, a guitar manufacturer in Los Angeles, and they agreed to work on an electric-guitar project together. Adolph Rickenbacker was a pioneer in his field, a man who loved to experiment and to dare new things, like founding The Rickenbacker International Corporation, a company whose sole purpose was to create and manufacture electric musical instruments.
Beauchamp and Rickenbacker, after a lot of experimentation, finally invented an electromagnetic device which picked up the vibrations of the guitar strings with great clarity. In a nutshell, the electromagnets convert these vibrations into an electrical signal, which is then amplified and played through speakers.
In 1931, they installed these pickups on a new model designed by Harry Watson- the aluminum lap steel guitar called the “Frying Pan” for its size and shape. The first commercial prototype was finally a reality.
Manufacturing got under way during the summer of 1932 by the Ro-Pat-In Corporation, later renamed the Rickenbacker Electro Stringed Instrument Company, with the “Frying Pan” the first commercially feasible electric guitar.
From there, the earliest known public mention of an electrically enhanced guitar appeared in Wichita, Kansas in October of 1932, in an article printed in the local newspaper, the Wichita Beacon. Musician Gage Brewer demonstrated for the press two of his recent purchases, an Electric Hawaiian A-25 and a standard Electric Spanish, two of the first electric guitars made by Beauchamp. In the same month, the guitars were played in a series of Halloween concerts. A humble beginning for an instrument that would quickly come to dominate the popular music world.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Bonus Facts:
John Dopyera pretty much maxed out the capabilities of the acoustic guitar for electric augmentation of sound when he put amplifiers into the tops of steel guitars. But adapting the Spanish-style hollow wooden guitars to use electricity was complicated by distortions and feedback from the body and strings. To counteract these problems, inventors experimented with solid-body guitars. In 1940, Les Paul created “The Log,” a guitar whose strings and pickups were mounted on a guitar body carved from a solid block of wood.
The first recordings of electric guitars were made in 1933 by Hawaiian music artists such as Andy Iona. Bob Dunn, of the band named “Milton Brown's Musical Brownies,” first used the Hawaiian electric guitar in Western Swing in a Decca Records album released in 1935. Alvino Rey was the artist who brought the electric guitar in front of big orchestras, and who later developed the pedal steel guitar.
Some of the earliest manufacturers of electric guitars, excluding Rickenbacker of course, were the Dobro Company in 1933, AudioVox, Volu-tone in 1934, Vega, Epiphone (Electrophone and Electar), and Gibson in 1935.
In 1946, the Greek-American manufacturer of musical instruments and amplifiers, a radio technician named Clarence Leonidas Fender, better known as Leo Fender, built the first commercially successful solid-body electric guitar with single electromagnet. It was originally named the Fender Esquire.
Expand for Further References
During his years of internment at Heart Mountain, Jimi Yamaichi mastered living in a frozen world. He insulated his barrack with ice. He substituted cold cow dung for cement. He grew summer vegetables in below-zero temperatures. He stood perfectly still when guards at the Heart Mountain War Relocation Camp ordered him to pack his belongings and prepare to be transferred to Tule Lake War Relocation Center. At least, he thought, it would be warmer. “I kept my street clothes on when I went to bed because I only had two blankets,” Yamaichi said as he shuffled slowly to the Heart Mountain photo albums displayed in the Japanese American Museum of San Jose. At 93 years old, Yamaichi still remembers the camp like it was yesterday. “It was cold and miserable,” he said.
During World War II, Yamaichi was one of nearly 120,000 Japanese Americans placed in internment camps, also known as a war relocation camps. Internment camps in the U.S. were government-funded civilian holding spaces created to supervise populations that were considered a security threat. Many Americans feared that Japanese Americans were working undercover for the Japanese government. Much of the propaganda at the time was racially charged, and so the vast majority of citizens interned were Japanese American, even though the U.S. was simultaneously at war with European countries. Yamaichi and his family, who lived in Pomona at the time, were sent to Heart Mountain in 1942 right after then-President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066, which forced many Japanese Americans, especially on the West Coast, to evacuate their homes and relocate to barb wire-fenced camps.
Patti Hirahara of Anaheim, California, a fourth-generation Japanese American, found her father and her grandfather's collection of over 2,000 photos they took during their time at Heart Mountain in 1992 and 2011. Since then, she has displayed these photos at the San Francisco Films of Remembrance this year. Her goal is to find as many ex-internees and their family members as she can and have them identify people in the photos.
Now, the collection is on display at the Japanese American Museum of San Jose.
Hirahara is hoping to find residents from Oakland, San Jose, and any other Bay Area cities with Japanese American residents who might recognize friends and family in the photographs.
Hirahara has had no luck so far in finding former internees from the Oakland/Alameda area, so she hopes their descendants can identify people. Japanese Americans only make up 0.53 percent of Oakland residents, making the chances of living ex-internees in the city sparse. Still, Hirahara believes there's time for anyone, including Oaklanders, to find someone they know in her collection. “This is the last leg of a five year endeavor before I close everything up,” she said. “I've found that one visitor did identify two photos so far.” The visitor was a resident of San Jose.
Michael Sera, a docent at the museum, said he is not surprised that he has yet to see Oaklanders identify anyone. “A lot of folks were probably in the Santa Clara Valley, a lot of Japanese farming was down here, so you're going to have a minority in the outskirts,” Sera said as he spread out a glossy map of San Jose's Japantown. “There were more than 50 Japantowns at one time. Now there's only three, one in here in San Jose.” The other remaining Japantowns are in San Francisco and Los Angeles. The one in Los Angeles is usually referred to as “Little Tokyo.”
Hirahara's project has resulted in an Emmy award-winning documentary, The Legacy of Heart Mountain, and multiple presentations across the country including the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History and at Washington State University where an unprecedented campus wide look into the incarceration was done during the Fall semester in 2014. “I've been an advocate for promoting the Japanese American legacy. It's a unique perspective from my family's viewpoint,” Hirahara said in a phone interview. Being an only child growing up and when her father passed away in 2006, she wanted to share her family's heritage and stories with others. By sharing her father's family's photos, she said, she knew their history and that of other internees could help Japanese Americans reclaim their past. “It's been a long labor of love, but one that's been able to have other Japanese Americans have an opportunity to own their own history,” Hirahara said.
The photos are located in three large photo albums at the front of the museum. All the photos come with a special form that anyone can fill out if they identify someone. While these albums don't include images of Hirahara's father, Frank, nor her grandfather, George—they were usually the ones behind the lens—they do show pictures of daily life from the camp. The men caught scenes of a land barren of vegetation, the earth dusty and crumbling. They captured the dimness of the barracks, the poses of giddy young children, and the expressions of uncertainty of the adults who held those kids.
And among them, Jimi Yamaichi found members of his own family. “This is my cousin, John Araki,” Yamaichi said as he stopped on a grainy photo in the album. “He was at Heart Mountain all the way through the time we were interned.” The plastic covering on the pages made crinkling noises as Yamaichi flipped through photos of the imprisoned: a young girl in pigtails standing on a dirt road, a baby on a blanket looking out of frame, its hands clenched, a high school dance with teenagers holding one another at arm's length—snapshots of the ordinary in a difficult situation.
Yamaichi could not identify anyone else, but he recalled the buildings the photos were taken in and he remembered the moments he spent in them. “The [interned] community got together to help each other out as much as we could: to find work in the camps, to find housing,” he said as he closed the albums and made his way toward a large panoramic photograph of the Heart Mountain barracks. “It was not good, but at least we had each other.”
Hirahara's photo collection will be on display at the museum until October 23, 2015 (http://www.jamsj.org/jamsj-news-item/2015/7/upcoming/1/help-identify-heart-mountain-photos/). If you were interned at Heart Mountain or are a family member or friend of a former internee, you may be able to identify people in the collection. The museum is open Wednesday thru Sunday from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m.
When two groups who rarely get along — mountain bikers and hikers —both nickname it “America's No. 1 Trail,” you know it must be something special. The 26-mile McKenzie River Trail travels along some of the clearest water, most dramatic waterfalls and majestic old-growth forests in all of Oregon.
The source of this extraordinary river corridor starts high above in the Cascade mountains just west of the Three Sisters. Years of rain and snow melt percolate down through the region's porous lava beds and fill Clear Lake with some of the coldest, purest water anywhere.
The water is so cold that very few lifeforms can exist in it, resulting in both the lake's stunning blue color and the remarkable preservation of an ancient, submerged forest still visible beneath the water's surface.
FULL COVERAGE Oregon Field Guide Summer Series Explore some of “Oregon Field Guide's” favorite places and stories across the Northwest.
As the McKenzie River spills from Clear Lake, the landscape's volcanic origins make for rocky and difficult terrain. Mountain bikers sometimes pop a tube on the trail's sharp edges, but the stunning views of Sahalie and Koosah Falls along the way make it all worth it.
A few miles downstream, the rushing water disappears underground and the forest gets quiet. The river re-emerges at Tamolitch Pool, an achingly blue pond so cold that some people have actually gone into cardiac arrest after diving in. Forest managers help reduce the usual hazards common to other multi-use trails by keeping the forest vistas open so that slow-moving hikers and faster bikers can see and move past each other instead of tangling.
If all that natural beauty and harmonious coexistence aren't attractive enough, the trail boasts one more feature that makes it eminently accessible: You can take the public bus there from Eugene.
NBCUniversal, under pressure from an array of Hispanic groups, is severing its business ties to presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The Miss USA pageant, scheduled for July 12, will no longer air on the network. Nor will the Miss Universe pageant, scheduled for next January. Both pageants were, until now, jointly owned by NBC and Trump.
Update: on Tuesday morning the organizers of Miss USA said "we are disheartened by recent events, but the show will go on." (However, the event currently has no television broadcaster.)
Contestants from across the country have been preparing for months for the annual event.
"At NBC, respect and dignity for all people are cornerstones of our values," the company said in a statement on Monday. "Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump."
Speaking to reporters after a campaign event in Chicago, Trump said he had enjoyed a "great" relationship with NBC but would not back down on his views about immigration. Trump told CNN correspondent Athena Jones that he may sue NBC.
Then, in a statement a few minutes later, he elaborated: "If NBC is so weak and so foolish to not understand the serious illegal immigration problem in the United States, coupled with the horrendous and unfair trade deals we are making with Mexico, then their contract violating closure of Miss Universe/Miss USA will be determined in court."
Trump also invoked NBC's suspended anchorman: "They will stand behind lying Brian Williams, but won't stand behind people that tell it like it is, as unpleasant as that may be."
Related: Read Trump's full statement here
NBCUniversal, which is owned by Comcast, had no comment on the lawsuit possibility. It is unclear whether NBC will seek to sell its stake in the Miss Universe Organization to Trump, acquire Trump's stake from him, or seek another buyer.
The other major television broadcaster of the pageant, Univision, canceled it last week due to Trump's involvement.
Monday's announcement by NBC followed a weekend's worth of legal conversations within the network, given the long-standing contractual relationship with Trump. The joint ownership of the pageants dates back more than a decade.
Eventually network executives decided that the split had to happen.
Hispanic advocates were calling for action: The Miss USA controversy stemmed from comments Trump made during his presidential campaign announcement two weeks ago.
"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best...They're sending people who have lots of problems," Trump said in the speech. "They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people."
These remarks caused a firestorm and widespread condemnation, particularly in the Hispanic community. Univision, the biggest Spanish-language broadcaster in the United States, decided to end a five-year contract to air Miss USA and Miss Universe after only five months.
Related: Univision CEO denies he ever apologized to Trump
NBC was in a more complicated position because it jointly owned the pageants.
The network initially responded with a statement saying that Trump's opinions "do not represent those of NBC, and we do not agree with his positions on a number of issues, including his recent comments on immigration."
But that attempt to distance the network from Trump did not satisfy some Hispanic leaders.
Over the weekend, a large number of Hispanic advocacy organizations urged NBC to follow Univision's lead.
And on Monday the National Association of Hispanic Journalists added its name to the list. Notably, the association is led by Mekahlo Medina, a reporter for NBC's local station in southern California.
Medina wrote, "[We] encourage NBC to acquire 100% ownership of the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants and air those events without the shadow of such mistrust and fear Mr. Trump has created."
Petition gained more than 200,000 backers: Additionally, more than 215,000 people have signed a Change.org petition demanding NBC dump Trump. The petition, created by Guillermo Castañeda Jr., called on the Peacock network to end the pageant airings.
Felix Sanchez, the chairman of the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts, said in an interview on Sunday that NBC's silence on the matter was getting deafening.
NBC attorneys, however, needed time to renew the company's contracts with Trump before pulling the plug on Monday.
After NBC's announcement on Monday, Sanchez said "the decision to back away from Trump happened because of social media."
"The depth of the Trump insult was felt by U.S. Latinos of every stripe from shore to shore," Sanchez told CNNMoney in an email message. "Those that had a voice and could have spoken up for Latinos didn't, so the community banded together and made its collective voice heard."
Trump is also the face of NBC's "The Apprentice." Following his presidential announcement, NBC said it would "re-evaluate" Trump's role on the reality show.
On Monday, the network indicated that it wants to keep "Celebrity Apprentice" going, but without Trump as the host.
Production on the next season of the reality show is slated to begin in the fall. NBC's statement said "'Celebrity Apprentice' is licensed from Mark Burnett's United Artists Media Group and that relationship will continue."
CNN's Athena Jones, Betsy Klein and Tom Kludt contributed reporting.
Simple Songs is due this May.
The list of great albums Jim O'Rourke has made and the albums he made great as a producer is a long one. Whether you're looking at his solo work, his 90s band Gastr Del Sol, far reaching collaborations, or his work with artists and bands including Sonic Youth, Wilco, Joanna Newsom, Brainiac, Bill Callahan, and John Fahey. Simply put, the man is a living legend. It's unfortunate then that Jim O'Rourke hasn't released an album since 2009. That is changing soon.
Drag City recently teased an upcoming release titled Simple Songs with a brief video that featuring some music that is decidedly “O'Rourkian” and a new Amazon pre-order seems to confirm it. The bigger question now is what will the first album in six years from a man who has released defining albums in genres including computer music, country rock, chamber pop, and whose last album was simply a 40-minute orchestral composition that existed in a genre entirely of its own making, actually sound like?
Who knows, but as Tiny Mix Tapes has pointed out, it could finally be the orchestral pop album O'Rourke has reportedly been working on for over a decade.
No word from Drag City yet, but watch the teaser they released below. Simple Songs looks to be out this May.
Update: Drag City have shared the artwork, tracklist and a new teaser for Simple Songs, which is due out May 19. [via Pitchfork]
01 Friends With Benefits
02 That Weekend
03 Half Life Crisis
04 Hotel Blues
05 These Hands
06 Last Year
07 End of the Road
08 All Your Love
These are the details that I've been able to dig up. It's worth noting first that although JavaScript is usually considered to be interpreted and run on a VM, this isn't really the case with the modern interpreters, which tend to compile the source directly into machine code (with the exception of IE).
Chrome : V8 Engine
V8 has a compilation cache. These stores compiled JavaScript using a hash of the source for up to 5 garbage collections. This means that two identical pieces of source code will share a cache entry in memory regardless of how they were included. This cache is not cleared when pages are reloaded.
Source
Update - 19/03/2015
The Chrome team have released details about their new techniques for JavaScript streaming and caching.
Script Streaming
Script streaming optimizes the parsing of JavaScript files. [...] Starting in version 41, Chrome parses async and deferred scripts on a separate thread as soon as the download has begun. This means that parsing can complete just milliseconds after the download has finished, and results in pages loading as much as 10% faster.
Code caching
Normally, the V8 engine compiles the page's JavaScript on every visit, turning it into instructions that a processor understands. This compiled code is then discarded once a user navigates away from the page as compiled code is highly dependent on the state and context of the machine at compilation time. Chrome 42 introduces an advanced technique of storing a local copy of the compiled code, so that when the user returns to the page the downloading, parsing, and compiling steps can all be skipped. Across all page loads, this allows Chrome to avoid about 40% of compile time and saves precious battery on mobile devices.
Opera : Carakan Engine
In practice this means that whenever a script program is about to be compiled, whose source code is identical to that of some other program that was recently compiled, we reuse the previous output from the compiler and skip the compilation step entirely. This cache is quite effective in typical browsing scenarios where one loads page after page from the same site, such as different news articles from a news service, since each page often loads the same, sometimes very large, script library.
Therefore JavaScript is cached across page reloads, two requests to the same script will not result in re-compilation.
Source
Firefox : SpiderMonkey Engine
SpiderMonkey uses Nanojit as its native back-end, a JIT compiler. The process of compiling the machine code can be seen here. In short, it appears to recompile scripts as they are loaded. However, if we take a closer look at the internals of Nanojit we see that the higher level monitor jstracer , which is used to track compilation can transition through three stages during compilation, providing a benefit to Nanojit :
The trace monitor's initial state is monitoring. This means that spidermonkey is interpreting bytecode. Every time spidermonkey interprets a backward-jump bytecode, the monitor makes note of the number of times the jump-target program-counter (PC) value has been jumped-to. This number is called the hit count for the PC. If the hit count of a particular PC reaches a threshold value, the target is considered hot. When the monitor decides a target PC is hot, it looks in a hashtable of fragments to see if there is a fragment holding native code for that target PC. If it finds such a fragment, it transitions to executing mode. Otherwise it transitions to recording mode.
This means that for hot fragments of code the native code is cached. Meaning that will not need to be recompiled. It is not made clear is these hashed native sections are retained between page refreshes. But I would assume that they are. If anyone can find supporting evidence for this then excellent.
EDIT: It's been pointed out that Mozilla developer Boris Zbarsky has stated that Gecko does not cache compiled scripts yet. Taken from this SO answer.
Safari : JavaScriptCore/SquirelFish Engine
I think that the best answer for this implementation has already been given by someone else.
We don't currently cache the bytecode (or the native code). It is an
option we have considered, however, currently, code generation is a
trivial portion of JS execution time (< 2%), so we're not pursuing
this at the moment.
This was written by Maciej Stachowiak, the lead developer of Safari. So I think we can take that to be true.
I was unable to find any other information but you can read more about the speed improvements of the latest SquirrelFish Extreme engine here, or browse the source code here if you're feeling adventurous.
IE : Chakra Engine
There is no current information regarding IE9's JavaScript Engine (Chakra) in this field. If anyone knows anything, please comment.
This is quite unofficial, but for IE's older engine implementations, Eric Lippert (a MS developer of JScript) states in a blog reply here that:
JScript Classic acts like a compiled language in the sense that before any JScript Classic program runs, we fully syntax check the code, generate a full parse tree, and generate a bytecode. We then run the bytecode through a bytecode interpreter. In that sense, JScript is every bit as "compiled" as Java. The difference is that JScript does not allow you to persist or examine our proprietary bytecode. Also, the bytecode is much higher-level than the JVM bytecode -- the JScript Classic bytecode language is little more than a linearization of the parse tree, whereas the JVM bytecode is clearly intended to operate on a low-level stack machine.
This suggests that the bytecode does not persist in any way, and thus bytecode is not cached.
Financial Mafia
SECRETS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE
By Eustace Mullins
[One document] SECRETS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE By Eustace Mullins
[In chapters]
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Foreword
Introduction
Chapter One Jekyll Island
Chapter Two The Aldrich Plan
Chapter Three The Federal Reserve Act
Chapter Four The Federal Advisory Council
Chapter Five The House of Rothschild
Chapter Six The London Connection
Chapter Seven The Hitler Connection
Chapter Eight World War One
Chapter Nine The Agricultural Depression
Chapter Ten The Money Creators
Chapter Eleven Lord Montagu Norman
Chapter Twelve The Great Depression
Chapter Thirteen The 1930's
Chapter Fourteen Congressional Expose
Addendum
Appendix I
Biographies
Bibliography
Questions and Answers
The cover reproduces the outline of the eagle from the red shield, the coat of arms of the city of Frankfurt, Germany, adapted by Mayer Amschel Bauer (1744-1812) who changed his name from Bauer to Rothschild ("Red Shield").
Rothschild added five golden arrows (right image) held in the eagle's talons, signifying his five sons who operated the five banking houses of the international House of Rothschild:
Plan to export gas pumped from fracking in Canada has some wondering whether it's the problem or solution in reducing carbon emissions
Portland's claim to lead US cities in combating climate change is under threat from plans to build a $500m terminal to export gas pumped from fracking in Canada.
Amid fears that Portland's progressive, environmentally conscious image could be badly dented, the city is divided over whether exporting natural gas is part of the problem or the solution, in reducing carbon emissions.
Portland's Planning and Sustainability Commission (PSC) last week narrowly approved the application by a Canadian company, Pembina, to build one of the largest industrial facilities in the city. Supporters argued that the export of propane gas would help reduce dependence by China and other countries on dirtier fossil fuels, particularly coal.
Opponents, however, are gearing up for a final vote in the city council later this month with warnings that the terminal, which would ship gas from fracking in Canada's sedimentary basin, will only add to the pollution of the atmosphere.
The dispute comes amid warnings from environmental groups that in the coming years fuel shipments from the expansion of coal, oil and gas export facilities across the Pacific Northwest – in Oregon and Washington state in the US and British Columbia in Canada – will dwarf those of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline and fly in the face of claims by governments in the region to be environmentally friendly.
“It concerns me that some people may say, how can you call yourself green when you're starting to look like Houston with the export of fuels?” said André Baugh, the chair of Portland's PSC who voted in favour of the new terminal.
“We've worked very hard to be a green city, to be a leader in a lot of areas around the environment. There is a potential impact of this on our reputation. But there's a broader perspective. It is hypocrisy for us to stand in the way of other people trying to reduce their greenhouse gases.”
The PSC held a public hearing last week, at which opponents raised a series of objections to the terminal which would handle propane gas, delivered by train to Portland, to be shipped on by sea, mostly to south-east Asia. Some expressed concerns about safety, others about Pembina's separate involvement in extraction from the Alberta tar sands. But the weight of protest focused on the impact on climate change.
The Audubon Society of Portland has warned that if the terminal ran to capacity it would contribute to the release of 60 million metric tons of carbon dioxide each year – 0.01% of global emissions from a single export facility.
“If approved, the city will become a major player in expanding fossil fuel export infrastructure that will help sustain the fossil fuel export industry for decades to come,” the society said.
Backers of the terminal say that while propane is a pollutant, it is far less dirty than alternatives and will serve as a “bridge fuel” to lessen dependence in China and elsewhere on coal and wood.
But a member of the PSC who voted against the terminal, Chris Smith, said studies showed that propane exports would help drive up the use of fossil fuels, not displace coal.
“You can argue that without propane those other fuels would grow even faster but they're still growing,” he said. “I think the bridge fuel argument is at best dubious and at any event it has to be temporary. The intended life of this terminal is 50 years. If we're still using the bridge fuel in 10 years, it's not a bridge fuel any more.”
Baugh said that with emerging economies continuing to expand, it is not reasonable to expect them to meet growing energy needs solely through renewable sources.
“In the global scheme of how much China and India consume of the other fossil fuels, this is very small,” he said. “But at least it's a step and I think denying them that step and saying you have to jump all the way over to solar and wind, I think that's hypocritical.
“We're not a producer. We're a cog in the wheel of something that's produced in Canada and that's going to arrive in countries offshore for a variety of uses. Replacing coal, replacing oil, being used in production of plastics.”
Baugh said the argument hinged on how to regard natural gas. Portland is drawing up regulations to bar the export of coal and oil through the city but the proposals so far say nothing about propane.
“There's a lot of people reading into it, that because we've said no to oil and we've said no to coal, that the logical step is to say no to liquefied natural gas,” he said.
“I'm not real sure that logic works because there's a lot of discussion. The United States government says that natural gas and propane are fuels we want to transfer to and get out of oil and coal. That's also the policy of Portland. We're pushing our electrical suppliers to utilise natural gas instead of coal.”
The PSC has sought to mitigate the impact on climate change by adding a carbon tax to exports from the terminal that would raise about $6m a year, to be used in part for environmental projects. The Audubon Society called the proposed carbon tax “greenwashing”.
Portland's mayor, Charlie Hales, backed the terminal when it was announced in September, saying it was “great news” because it would create hundreds of construction jobs and bring in $12m a year in tax revenue.
“We welcome this investment and these jobs in Portland. The city is committed to growing our economy on the land we already have, and holding industry to very high environmental and public safety standards. This proposal meets these goals,” he said at the time.
But as the debate has heated up, Hales has declined to discuss his position ahead of the council meeting, at which he has a vote, other than to say he has faith in the decision-making process.
Echoing a wider debate
The dispute over the Portland terminal echoes a wider debate in the region about the expansion of coal, oil and gas export facilities. A Seattle-based environmental thinktank, the Sightline Institute, issued a report last year warning of proposals for a dramatic increase in the transfer of fossil fuels through the Pacific Northwest.
“Since 2012, British Columbia, Oregon, and Washington have seen new active proposals for four new coal terminals, three expansions of existing terminals, two new oil pipelines, 11 oil-by-rail facilities, and six new natural gas pipelines,” it said.
“If all of the coal export terminals, oil-by-rail facilities, oil pipelines, and natural gas pipelines planned for the Pacific Northwest are completed and fully utilized, the region could export fossil fuels carrying five times as much climate-warming carbon as Keystone XL.”
Portland council's decision on the propane terminal may be decided by its impact on the city's image.
In December, the Obama administration named Portland a “climate action champion” for its leadership in reducing greenhouse gases and fighting climate change. Earlier this year, the city was among nine worldwide, including London and Buenos Aires, to receive a global award for environmental policy.
In 1993, Portland became the first US city to establish a climate-action plan. It aims to reduce carbon emissions by 40% by 2030, and 80% by 2050, through measures including the expansion of public transport, increased use of renewable energy and a ban on plastic carrier bags.
Nicholas Caleb, a Concordia University professor, lawyer and former candidate for city council who was an early opponent of the terminal, said that its construction could make Portland's claim to be at the forefront of environmental policy unsustainable.
“We can't be a climate leader while we profit off of large-scale fossil-fuel projects,” he said.
Chris Smith told the PSC meeting the city's reputation was at risk and that “we're going to get soot on the brand” by building the terminal.
“We have an economic strategy of exporting urban-innovation knowhow and sustainable development knowhow, and I think we'll be less credible in those areas,” he said.
Baugh acknowledged the problem.
“I do truly understand people's concern that, how can you say you're green and at the same time export a fossil fuel?” he said. “Part of our economy, and one of the reasons people move here, is because of our reputation. Being environmentally conscious is part of it.
“We are going to continue the debate as to how the export of fossil fuels through Portland fits with our climate action plan. We're going to come back and have a discussion about that and talk about how we view that as a city.”
Adobe officials say they're investigating claims of a recent attack. A newly published report claims the latest versions of the widely used Reader document viewer are under attack by exploit code that targets a previously unknown vulnerability.
The particular exploit is available in underground forums for as much as $50,000. It's significant because it pierces a security sandbox that until now has proved impervious to other online attacks, KrebsonSecurity journalist Brian Krebs reported on Wednesday. The security mechanism is designed to minimize the damage of attacks that exploit buffer overflows and other types of software bugs by isolating Web content from sensitive parts of the underlying operating system.
The vulnerability affects both Reader X and its recently introduced successor, Reader XI. And it's already incorporated into a custom version of the Blackhole Exploit Kit according to Krebs. The reporter wrote the developer behind Blackhole said he is hoping to add the exploit to the main version of the kit soon. Criminal hackers fold Blackhole into already hacked websites to give them the ability to exploit a wide variety of vulnerabilities when end users visit the sites.
Krebs's report cited a researcher with Moscow-based forensics firm Group-IB.
In an e-mail to Ars, an Adobe spokeswoman wrote: "We saw the announcement from Group IB, but we haven't seen or received any details. Adobe [Product Security Incident Response Team] has reached out to Group-IB, but we have not yet heard back. Without additional details, there is nothing we can do, unfortunately—beyond continuing to monitor the threat landscape and working with our partners in the security community, as always."
Reader's security sandbox has gone a long way in reducing the real-world exploits hitting the document viewer. An exploit that's able to work around that protection and find its way into the widely used Blackhole could be a significant step backward.
The US government is set to auction off $18 million worth of bitcoins seized from an online drugs market known as Silk Road. The Department of Justice is looking to make a considerable windfall from the sale with bitcoin increasing in value recently.
Bitcoin fever? Here's another story: New bitcoin app provides financial incentive for future leakers
The now-defunct cyber-black market was closed down in October of last year, with authorities confiscating 30,000 bitcoin. The FBI also arrested the alleged kingpin of the online drugs bazaar, Ross Ulbricht, seizing roughly 144,000 bitcoin in the process.
Ulbricht, also known by his alias Dread Pirate Roberts, now faces charges of computer hacking, money-laundering and conspiracy to traffic narcotics. He denies all of the charges set against him, but insists the bitcoin are his and has demanded their return.
Nine months on the US Marshals service – the body tasked with selling off the seized assets – is preparing to auction 30,000 bitcoin of the Silk Road stash.
"This auction is for the bitcoin contained in wallet files that resided on Silk Road servers," the US Marshals Service wrote in a press release. "This auction does not include the bitcoins contained in wallet files that resided on certain computer hardware belonging to Ross William Ulbricht that were seized on or about October 24.”
The sale of the bitcoin will take the form of an online auction which will take place on June 27. Participation in the auction will not be cheap, with buyers required to make a refundable deposit of $200,000 to a government bank to take part. The bidding itself will take place over a period of 12 hours where blocks of 3,000 Bitcoin (or about $1.8 million each) will be up for grabs.
“Bids will be accepted by email from registered bidders using a form available from the US Marshals web page,” says the release.
The government's decision to sell off the bitcoins could cause a significant shake-up on the crypto currency market. Many worry that if Ulbricht's larger stash of 144,000 is sold in the same auction style as the Silk Road asset, the market will be flooded with cheap coins which will lower the value of the currency.
After the Marshals' announcement of the auction, the value of bitcoin dropped by around 2 percent, reflecting market anxiety.
There is speculation as to why the government has decided to auction off the bitcoin. Ulbricht's lawyer Joshua Dratel believes US Marshals service may have planned the sale to coincide with the recent upturn on the bitcoin market.
“I wouldn't be surprised if they're watching the price of bitcoin on the market just like everyone else,” he told Wired.
Bank of America plans to begin to charge the new fee next year. BofA boss: 'A right to make a profit'
Under fire from President Barack Obama, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan defended his company's new $5 monthly fee on debit cards, arguing that “we have a right to make a profit.”
“I have an inherent duty as a CEO of a publicly owned company to get a return for my shareholders,” Moynihan said in an interview with CNBC's Larry Kudlow at the Washington Ideas Forum.
Story Continued Below
Customers and shareholders will “understand what we're doing,” Moynihan said Wednesday, according to CNN. “Understand we have a right to make a profit.”
The Bank of America CEO made his comments in response to Obama's remarks blasting the new fees earlier on in the week and saying he hoped other banks would not follow the same path.
“Well, you can stop [the fee] if you say to the banks, ‘you don't have some inherent right just to, you know, get a certain amount of profit if your customers are being mistreated,'” Obama told ABC.
Sen. Dick Durbin went even farther and urged customers to flee Bank of America.
Moynihan restated the bank's argument that the financial regulatory reforms in the Dodd-Frank Act will cost his bank “billions” of dollars but denied that he felt his bank in particular was under attack.
“We have the best bank in the world, we do a great job for our customers,” Moynihan said.
Moynihan said the new fee was made clear and transparent in an effort to give customers plenty of advance notice — the new fee won't take effect until next year.
Moynihan was also asked about the proposed tax on millionaires that Democrats are mulling over. He replied that he would listen to what he hears from millionaire customers. “If the belief is that it puts our fiscal house in order, then they support that,” Moynihan said.
The Dreamfields Pasta Fraud
Dreamfields pasta is promoted as a low carb product. But it's made from durum wheat and it tastes great. Actually, it looks, feels and tastes just like… regular pasta.
Now, regular pasta is anything but low carb. It's mostly starch, which turns into glucose in the gut and is absorbed as blood sugar. Exactly what low carbers try to avoid. Dreamfields pasta has 41 grams of carbs per serving. How can that be low carb?
Well, Dreamfields claim that their “patent-pending” (since 2004) recipe and manufacturing process protects the carb from being digested.
It sounds fantastic. But is it true? I decided to find out and the results were shocking.
A beautiful tale
Can you be a low carber and eat all the pasta you want? Can you have your (low carb) cake and eat it too?
It sounds too good to be true, and two questions pop up:
If their “patent-pending” manufacturing really made the starch indigestible, would that not affect the taste? (It's great).
If the starch really became indigestible, should it not end up being digested by bacteria in the large intestine, causing massive flatulence? (It does not).
Now it's time for answers.
The package
Here's my package of Dreamfields pasta, bought in a “low carb” store.
Let's take a closer look.
Big promises
Basically the idea is that the carbs will pass straight through your body:
Side
There you have it: 36 grams of non-fiber carbs per 56 gram serving. It adds up to about 80 percent energy from carbs. That's about as high carb food as you could find.
Of course – most of it is supposedly indigestible.
I tested the pasta myself, eating it and testing my blood sugar 21 times. We'll get to the test shortly.
A good idea?
It may sound too good to be true. But even if it was true, consider if it really is a good idea for the future.
Should the food industry manufacture food that our bodies can't absorb? Do we really need to chew food that doesn't make us satiated, food that gives us no energy, food that isn't real food?
Is it environmentally sound to grow wheat and then chemically modify it so that it loses its nutritional value, manufacture pasta, transport it, sell it, cook it and then sit down to eat it, all of that to create some extra poop?
(Not to mention all the gas it would result in)
That's an interesting philosophical question. But let's leave it and find out if Dreamfields pasta works.
Real low carb food
First some real low carb food to get some perspective. Here is a common meal in my home:
A steak, Béarnaise sauce and a pile of vegetables fried in butter. Possibly a glass of red wine. The result is long-lasting satiety and well-being.
A meal like this contains a few grams of carbs – perhaps five.
The result on my blood sugar? Hardly any at all. It usually stays at fasting levels, between 86 and 94. If you don't eat anything that turns to sugar your blood sugar stays the same. Very logical.
The test
Now let's test the Dreamfields pasta:
Here is one serving according to Dreamfields, 56 grams. It's not a lot of food for someone who is 6'7” (me).
I had two servings:
These 112 grams of pasta contains 72 grams of starch and sugars according to the Nutrition Facts. But according to Dreamfields only 10 grams are absorbed.
After cooking
After boiling (according to instructions, exactly 9 minutes) it turned into a decent portion. About the amount I used to eat when I ate pasta.
I had the pasta without any other food, with a glass of water. It tasted fine, about the way pasta usually tastes.
The result
It didn't start out too bad. My blood sugar did quickly rise to 108, but then it looked as if it was stabilizing. I was impressed, it didn't look too bad.
But that was just the beginning. Then came a mountain of blood sugar. After two and a half hours the blood sugar was still as high as 131!
It turned into a long evening. I tested my blood sugar every 20 minutes and hoped that it would go down so I could have a real dinner. Weirdly enough I felt hungry at the same time as my blood sugar was high. Perhaps some other nutrient was missing in my blood giving me feelings of hunger. Protein? Fat?
I had no other food until the experiment was completed. After seven and a half hours (!) I gave up, even though the blood sugar was still a bit higher than normal. I ate some real food and went to bed.
Here are five different blood sugar curves to compare.
The green ones are big low carb dinners
The blue ones are “exceptions” with more carbs
The red is the fake low carb pasta
Verdict: Not low carb
The Dreamfields pasta contain slow carbs. Perhaps it's OK to call it low glycemic index carbs. But it's not low carb. It's the opposite, it's almost pure carbs. It's absorbed slowly, but most (if not all) of the starch is absorbed.
There is no way only ten grams of carbs spiked my blood sugar for seven hours. I have eaten more than that with just minor effects (see above).
Dreamfields' marketing claims are not true. Dreamfields are sabotaging the weight loss of low carbers just to sell more of their pasta.
Unless, perhaps, I'm a weird exception. Does it work for everybody else but not for me?
The real test
I did the test above last year, for my Swedish blog. I was convinced that Dreamfields pasta was a fraud.
This year Dreamfields pasta was tested more rigorously and the result was published in a trustworthy scientific journal called Diabetes Care:
The main authors of the article are Frank C. Nuttal, PhD, and Mary C. Gannon, PhD. They have previously studied the effects of low carb diets, so they were surprised by Dreamfields' claims that pasta can be low carb.
After “numerous attempts” to have a look at the data that Dreamfields base their claims on (not allowed) the researchers decided to test it themselves.
Five participants ate the Dreamfields pasta (50g CHO) and tested their blood sugar. Then they ate the same amount of regular pasta and tested their blood sugar for comparison.
The result
Pretty shockingly the results on the blood sugar were just the same with Dreamfields' and regular pasta. No difference!
The researchers were surprised so they recruited five new participants and did the test again. The result were the same once again – no perceptible difference.
The scientific article can be read for free here:
Nuttall, FQ, et al. Glycemic response to ingested dreamfields pasta compared with traditional pasta. Diabetes Care. 2011 Feb;34(2):e17-8.
The Dreamfields Pasta Fraud
Dreamfields have been selling their fake low carb pasta since january 2004. It's quite popular. There is no way to know how many people have failed to lose weight because of it, concluding that “low carb does not work”.
Low carb usually works just fine. But not if you eat a lot of pasta.
I'm willing to bet any amount of money that Dreamfields pasta is just the tip of the iceberg. Low carb in America has turned into special low carb pasta, low carb ice cream, low carb bread and low carb chocolate bars. And it's mostly just marketing hype. There is nothing low carb about this junk food:
Real healthy low carb food is meat, fish, vegetables and butter, ideally from your local farmer. Dreamfields and companies like them have turned “Low Carb” into a joke, just to make money.
Obese people who trust them just gain weight. But diabetics spike their blood sugar and may end up amputating their feet and becoming blind.
There are a few possible explanations. Either Dreamfields and others like them are ignorant, evil or just plain greedy. Probably greed is the most likely explanation. Also, they probably think that consumers are stupid. But they are wrong about that.
The pasta fraud is revealed.
You can help your friends. If they eat fake low carb products and have trouble losing weight, chances are that's why.
Spread the word. Let's make low carb work again. Real low carb.
Continued…
Moore on Dreamfieldsgate – Interview with the Pasta President and even more evidence that Dreamfields pasta is just like any pasta: high carb.
Spreading the truth
Go to Dreamfields' Facebook page and like the link to this post*. Let's spread the truth to all of the 29 000 members. Dreamfields have gotten away with fooling overweight people and diabetics long enough.
*/ You have to like Dreamfields first, but then you can easily “unlike” it again: bottom left side of the page.
Of course you can spread this info via your Facebook, Twitter and blog too if you'd like. Feel free to copy any part of it. If you link to this post it will appear higher in the results when people search for “Dreamfields pasta” on Google. It's already #14 or so. Spread the word so that fewer diabetics and others are hurt by these fraudulent marketing claims.
More
LCHF for beginners
Why Americans are obese
Why Americans are obese, part 2
Eating LCHF in America
How to cure type 2 diabetes
Samsung is reportedly looking to take a leaf out of Apple's book. According to Forbes, the company is planning to launch a new leasing program for its Galaxy smartphones. This would enable consumers to enter a contract with Samsung to pay monthly instalments for a new mobile device like the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge .
Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program allows consumers to take out a new, unlocked iPhone on an affordable monthly plan (starting from $32) with the ability to upgrade each year if they so desire to do so. This program allows consumers to skip lengthy carrier subsidized plans and opt for SIM-only deals instead. Apple also throws in Apple Care for good measure.
It would make sense for Samsung to offer a similar program for its segment of the market, as well as to attract new customers who wish to remove themselves from two-year carrier contracts. Pricing and additional details of this potential program from Samsung were not provided, so we'll have to wait and see what Samsung may have planned.
Source: Forbes
| Jim Killock
Updates on “emergency” data retention law
We'll add updates to this blog as the day goes on.
Email your MP - No Emergency!
You can email your MP about this. This is not the time for emergency legislation!
We wait to see precisely what this Data Retention Bill contains, but there are some principles at stake:
Emergency legislation should deal with emergencies: there is no emergency
While the government is on thin ice pretending that data retention laws still exist, they have persuaded ISPs to carry on with it. They have stated to the courts that they believe the data retention regulations are still in force. Until a court says otherwise, everyone will carry on as they are. Court dates and decisions are likely to be six months away. In any case, rushing through legislation that is extremely controversial should never be done in a day. There is undoubtedly time for a discussion.
Legislation must comply with human rights judgements
What exactly is the point of human rights judgements if even the Liberal Democrats are prepared to ignore them? The CJEU have outlined very clearly what needs to happen before governments compel data to be retained. They say you cannot do it on a blanket basis, and someone independent, such as a regulator or a judge, must supervise police access. These fundamental points are missing from the emergency laws.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Here at The A.V. Club, we divide our reviews of HBO's adaptation of Game Of Thrones into two tracks. One is for newbies to the series, and the other is for veterans. It's a pretty good solution for a perpetual problem, or at least what will be a problem until the series catches up with the books, at which point, anarchy will reign down upon the land and send the world into the dark ages. I read David Sims' reviews for newbies, because I made a decision before the series aired not to read the books until the television series ended. But while that decision potentially worried me during the outset of tonight's South Park episode “Black Friday,” my fears were soon assuaged. What unfolded wasn't a tale of economic insanity, next-generation console wars, and Randy's overall Randy-ness through the prism of George R.R. Martin's books but specifically through the HBO adaptation overseen by D.B. Weiss and David Benioff. And while it's hard to judge this parody through the prism of a single episode in what looks like a multi-week narrative, the start is very promising indeed.
Advertisement
Much virtual ink has been spilled here this season about the show's overall decline in quality. But “Black Friday” feels more like old-school South Park than any other episode this season. Yes, the episode is topical like others this year, but the subject of topicality—the imminent launches of the PlayStation 4 and XBOX One—isn't one that requires a particularly deft hand or deep analysis. With both consoles due to launch before Black Friday, the kids of South Park band together in their best Lord Of The Rings-borrowed cosplay in order to wage virtual war on the malls. (Cartman's wizard hat is just his Gandalf hat, with absolutely no cosmetic change whatsoever.) Why? Because South Park Mall has promised an 80 percent discount to the first 30 people who enter the building. What at first is a concentrated effort on the part of all youths soon splits apart, with kids soon declaring allegiances to… their preferred method of marketing. When the XBOX One-loving Cartman declares, “Let these Sony fucks wallow in their limited voice-control functionality!” he's not speaking from any type of experience. He's merely parroting Microsoft's corporate speak filtered through fan-friendly message boards. The same goes for Stan's preference for the PS4 controller, even though it's almost certain that he's never held one before.
Why wrap Game Of Thrones in all this? There's no real reason to do so, except that it's really amusing and offers up a great way to frame the overall narrative. What makes the approach really work is that “Black Friday” is not a one-for-one parody so much as a thematic one. A cross-dressing Kenny McCormick is most likely playing Cersei Lannister, but the final image also suggests a low-budget Daenerys Targaryen. It's easy enough to recognize that South Park Mall stands in for Castle Black, and the grizzled leader of the mall's security staff represents a figure not unlike Jorah Mormont. Those parents queuing in line outside the mall? Probably the White Walkers. So on and so forth. But none of this really matters. “Black Friday” is more interested is taking a wider view of the series and exploring the hard choices that people in that world make, the deals they must often cut, the sacrifices that often arise, and the double-crossing that makes every step more dangerous than the last.
And yet this played out over the attempt to purchase expensive hardware and “Stop Touching Me, Elmo!” dolls at bargain prices. So it seems like a reductive, ridiculous appropriation of Game Of Thrones, where they stakes seem much higher. And yet, that's the ultimate joke of this episode: Americans treat Black Friday as seriously as the seven kingdoms treat the Iron Throne. (To be fair, you could also argue the pursuit to sit upon the Iron Throne is equally ridiculous, and that Game Of Thrones repeatedly makes that exact point, but I'll leave that to another thread.) If you ask anyone in the episode WHY they so desperately crave the item they seek within the South Park Mall, they could certainly give you a surface answer. But that answer merely parrots the marketing that led them to crave the item in the first place.
Advertisement
It's a vicious cycle rife with positive feedback, even though “positive” here is scientifically accurate but connotatively contradictory. People want things because they are told they want them, and when they learn others want that same thing, their own appetite increases. A mixture of YOLO and FOMO foments, until suddenly people are stabbing security guards for the chance to get a bracelet guaranteeing them a place in line for the post-Thanksgiving ode to capitalism. It's ridiculous, but only in terms of degree, not kind, to the types of scenes we see on the evening news on the Friday after the fourth Thursday in November each year.
Along the way, we get great throwaway gag after great throwaway gag. The Goth Kids-centric episode a few weeks back was fairly awful, but having them casually vouch for PlayStation 4 due to the color of its casing was a great way to deploy them. Butters' constant confusion over the male nudity in the HBO show had me envisioning a conversation about sexposition with my A.V. Club colleague Myles McNutt. Cartman's disgust over the Star Trek kids' passion, which he couldn't fathom being as part of the same world as his love for Game Of Thrones, always elicited a laugh. Kyle's despondency over the inability for XBOX One users to pre-order a copy of Metal Gear Solid 5 was a fantastic example of how corporations can make meaningless perks seem like the most desirable things possible.
Not everything worked, to be sure. The “Stop Touching Me, Elmo!” doll is both outdated and too crass by half, and while it drove the plot, any fictional doll could have sparked the same riot and still hinted to the real source of the satire. And everything to do with the head of Sony was problematic. Sure, there are plenty of examples of how South Park had mocked foreign cultures in un-PC ways. But that doesn't mean that it often works as either comedy or commentary. It's sometimes silly, usually offensive, and rarely productive. Having the CEO engage in Game Of Thrones-esque sex was fine. But having the mangled pronunciation of the “Black Friday Bundle” repeated over and over again was unfortunate.
Advertisement
As stated at the outset, “Black Friday” looks to be the first of several episodes dedicated to this epic war, in the grand tradition of the Imaginationland arc, “Cartoon Wars” and episodes dedicated to the exploits of The Coon and Mysterion near the end of season 14. With no prior knowledge that this would be a multi-episode story, I found myself staring at my watch with two minutes left wondering how in the hell the show was going to wrap all this up. And yet, “Black Friday” demonstrates some really solid structure: Randy's arc was timed perfectly to have him take on a Jaime Lannister-esque role next week, and the betrayal by Lady McCormick promises a huge shift in the South Park Console War as well as a great cliffhanger. Trey Parker and Matt Stone didn't run out of time and simply stop for a week. They smartly recognized the scope of its story and planned accordingly. Given how unfocused the show has been this season, it's something of a miracle to see an episode with such a solid structural backbone. It's even more of a miracle that I can't wait to see how this all resolves. Winter is coming, and so is the Console War. I look forward to it with the same anxious anticipation as Butters' desire to see some dragons kick some ass in Westeros.
Stray observations:
My favorite of the local news' talking heads about Black Friday: the cheery family who lost a daughter/sibling in the previous year's massacre and vow revenge with bright smiles plastered across their faces.
I'll leave it to smarter Game Of Thrones fans than I to determine this: Was Cartman acting as Littlefinger or Varys in the old man's garden? I guess you can make an argument for either, although the wardrobe did seem to favor Eric portraying the Master Of Coin.
I can't decide if I like it that the elder security guard's slashed eye was just a prosthetic. But I'm sure it will make Randy 30 percent funnier next episode when he wears it. So maybe that assuages my own doubts.
Ross Douthat, a columnist for the New York Times who editorializes for the Republican Establishment, fired off a (since-deleted) tweet Wednesday that declared, “Good news guys I've figured out how the Trump campaign ends[.]” Douthat added a link to a two-minute YouTube video that shows the brutal assassination attempt of a fictional presidential candidate.
The clip (below) is from the film “The Dead Zone,” where the assassination attempt is portrayed as a heroic and selfless act to stop a George Wallace-esque demagogue well on his way to the Oval Office.
—
—
Courtesy of Gateway Pundit, here's a screen grab of Douthat's tweet:
—
—
Even though, like all segregationists, segregationist George Wallace was a Democrat, right-leaning New York Times' columnists now seem eager to join left-wing outlets like Politico and The Daily Beast and MSNBC and Slate in the George Wallace-ing of Donald Trump.
And now that Trump is the prohibitive frontrunner, why not joke about taking that idea straight through to the end, straight through to an assassination attempt that “saves America” just as “The Demagogue” starts winning presidential primaries.
Douthat has apologized for his “joke.” We should accept the apology and move on. Everyone makes mistakes. Everyone makes bad jokes. And everyone should be appalled by our Orwellian culture that wipes away entire people and careers over such things.
But that doesn't change this fact….
How lucky is Douthat that he chose an “accepted” target for such a thing? If it had been a Hillary Clinton or a Bernie Sanders or, heaven forbid (no sarcasm there), President Obama, a New York Times security guard would currently be watching a columnist fill a cardboard box.
That's not going to happen here, though, because according to our Media Betters, “othering” a Republican into something assassinate-able, means only having to say you're sorry.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's budget proposal, set to be unveiled on Tuesday, will include cuts to Medicaid and propose changes to other assistance programs for low-income citizens, the Washington Post reported on Sunday.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
A Republican healthcare bill that passed the U.S. House of Representatives in early May seeks to overhaul the national healthcare system and cut more than $800 billion over the next 10 years from Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor and disabled.
The healthcare bill faces a difficult time in the Senate, where Democrats and some Republicans worry about its impact on costs for low-income Americans, among other issues.
“In yet another broken promise to working people, President Trump's budget pulls the rug out from so many who need help," Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement, in response to the report. "This budget is taking the fast lane to rejection by the American people and both parties in Congress"
The Post report said the White House would also give individual U.S. states more autonomy over a variety of anti-poverty poverty programs including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, the largest U.S. anti-hunger program, which was formerly called the food stamp program.
More than 44 million Americans received benefits from the SNAP program in February, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
(Reporting by Mike Stone, Roberta Rampton and Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Mary Milliken; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Child Friendly? Sweeney Todd is a tale of gruesome murder, in which people are chopped up and baked in pies and then eaten. This is not a show for children!
Seating Tips Click here for the London Coliseum seating chart and seat price guide.
Reprising their roles from a highly successful run at New York's Lincoln Centre, Bryn Terfel and Emma Thompson become Sweeney Todd and Mrs Lovett for a London Audience.*Sweeney Todd is Stephen Sondheim's most murderous musical, all the while hailed as a true classic with a heartfelt score. Sondheim and book writer Hugh Wheeler adapted the concept from the Victorian Penny Dreadful publications.Sondheim and Wheeler's Sweeney Todd is set in Victorian London and tells the tale of fictional character, Sweeney Todd, a Fleet Street Barber of questionable morals. Sweeney rents a room above a pie shop to start (or continue…) working as a barber. Soon into his tenancy he strikes up a sordid deal with pie shop owner, Mrs Lovett, who suspects she has met Todd before…The pair begins a sick but mutually beneficial arrangement in which Todd kills his customers, later sending them downstairs to Mrs Lovett's pie shop to be used as pie meat. Unfortunately their sweet arrangement becomes somewhat complicated as suspicions rise and Todd's true background is revealed.Sweeney Todd contains critically acclaimed musical numbers such as “The Worst Pies in London,” “The Ballad of Sweeney Todd,” “Epiphany,” and “God That's Good.”Previously performed with the New York Philharmonic, Sweeney Todd: The Deamon Barber of Fleet Street, A Musical Thriller, arrives at the London Coliseum as part of the English National Opera's partnership with the GradeLinnit Company.*Please note : this production is SEMI staged.
Deny. I like “Star Wars” way better. I'm a capitalist. “Star Wars” is the capitalist show. “Star Trek” is the communist one. There is no money in “Star Trek” because you just have the transporter machine that can make anything you need. The whole plot of “Star Wars” starts with Han Solo having this debt that he owes and so the plot in “Star Wars” is driven by money.
You have written some of Trump's tweets.
Deny.
The Trump elevator is the new Mordor.
Deny, although that's close.
You've never stayed at a Trump hotel.
Deny. I've stayed at the Trump International in New York.
We should create a GPS-style algorithm to tell employees what to do at any given moment, like Bridgewater, the world's largest hedge fund, is doing, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Deny. That's always the place where everyone's overpaid and superunhappy. That algorithm doesn't seem like a formula for happiness.
As Jeff Bezos said of you in October, contrarians are usually wrong.
Deny.
Liberals are intolerant.
I'll confirm that but that's too one-sided. You have to get some nuances in here. I think it depends on where they are. If you're the village atheist in a small town in Alabama, you're probably the most tolerant person there.
NEW YORK, NY - JUNE 05: Activists hold a protest near the Manhattan apartment of billionaire and Republican financier David Koch on June 5, 2014 in New York City. The demonstrators were protesting against the campaign contributions by the billionaire Koch brothers who are owners of Koch Industries Inc. The brothers have become a focus of Democrats and liberals as they are accused of skewing the political playing field with their finances. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
Today, Monday, January 11, will have a big impact on the American Middle Class and all of those who aspire to it.
Today, the United States Supreme Court hears oral arguments in the case of Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association.
This case has been brought to the Court by the Koch-sponsored "Center for Individual Rights (CIR) " -- an outfit that made its reputation challenging civil rights laws. The CIR is asking the Court to break with forty years of precedent to impose radical new limits on the rights of workers to negotiate together for higher wages and better working conditions.
Four decades ago, the Supreme Court ruled -- unanimously -- that since public sector unions must represent all of the employees in a bargaining unit, labor agreements can require all employees that benefit from that representation to pay a fair share contribution to support the costs of negotiating and servicing the labor agreement.
This does not mean that all employees are required to join a union and contribute to its lobbying and political work -- or to anything else it might do that is not directly related to negotiating and enforcing the terms of a contract.
And recall that public sector unions represent only groups of workers that have voted to form -- or join -- a union to represent them.
The Supreme Court found that it would make no sense to allow a situation where employees get the benefit of wage increases, paid holidays, health care benefits, etc. that are negotiated by the union leaders elected by the employees -- but they can simply refuse to pay the costs of getting those benefits.
Billionaires like the Koch Brothers think otherwise. They want to make it as hard as possible for all workers to bargain together for higher wages, because they actively support a low-wage economy where CEOs, big corporations and Wall Street Banks can pay employees as little as possible and they can keep as much as possible for themselves.
The Friedrichs case itself deals only with public employees. But the Koch Brothers would like to weaken the rights of all employees to organize unions -- and they think that a sharp reversal by the Supreme Court would be a great first step in that direction.
Trouble is, if the Koch Brothers get their way it will deliver a body blow to the chances of ordinary Americans to live secure, middle class lives. Remember, the wages of ordinary people have not increased in the United States since 2000. In fact, virtually all of the considerable economic growth that we've seen in America over the last three decades has gone to the wealthiest 1%.
That's because people like the Koch Brothers have used massive campaign contributions and an army of lobbyists to rig the rules of the American economy.
We desperately need to reform government so it will once again level the economic playing field and build an economy that benefits all ordinary Americans -- not just the wealthy, CEOs and big corporations.
If the Kochs get their way at the Supreme Court, it will do just the opposite. It will tilt the game even more in the favor of huge CEO salaries, enormous Wall Street bonuses, and gigantic corporate profits.
And it will make it harder for people like teachers, firefighters, road workers, and paramedics to negotiate for the kind of wages that allow them to live secure, middle class lives.
These are the kinds of people that were the foundation of the American Middle Class. It was their skill that educated and protected Americans for generations. And it was their middle class incomes that provided the buying power that allowed the American economy to explode -- to become the economic envy of the rest of the world.
And let's remember that it was the ability of public sector employees to organize and negotiate together for decent wages and safe working conditions that lifted so many out of poverty and made them part of the Middle Class.
Next week Americans celebrate a national holiday to commemorate the life of Dr. Martin Luther King. Fifty-one years ago, Dr. King was shot in Memphis where he had gone to support a strike by mainly black sanitation workers who were organizing to demand the ability to negotiate together for better wages and safer working conditions
The event that touched off that strike was the death of two sanitation workers who were crushed by an unsafe, malfunctioning garbage truck compactor. It had been cheaper to pay the occasional death benefit to a low income, African American sanitation worker's family, than to invest in safety equipment on those garbage trucks.
The ability of those workers to organize together to negotiate -- to form a union -- not only brought them higher incomes and safer working conditions. It gave them dignity. In fact, the slogan of that organizing campaign -- and the civil rights marches that supported it was: "I am a Man."
Dr. King always believed that "the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice." Organizing campaigns like the Memphis sanitation workers strike bent that arc. So did the Supreme Court case that legitimated the rights of public employees to organize and provided them the ability to succeed.
It's not surprising that an organization like the CIR -- that has tried to weaken civil rights laws for decades -- wants to bend that arc back toward injustice -- to gut the ability of working people like those sanitation workers to organize to secure a decent middle class income and the dignity that accompanies it.
When the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the rights of people like those sanitation workers 40 years ago, it did so unanimously. Every member of the Court -- the most conservative Justices and the most progressive Justices -- all of them certified the notion that when a majority of workers vote to form or affiliate with a union, then everyone who benefits should be asked to pay their fair share of the costs associated with increasing their pay or making them safer on the job.
Every one of them agreed with the sentiments of teachers like Reagan Duncan, a first grade teacher in Vista, California, who was quoted last week in The New York Times:
It's not right for some people to get union benefits for free while others have to pay. If I went to a grocery store, I wouldn't walk out with my groceries and not pay while the guy behind me had to pay for my groceries and his groceries.
She added: "It's corporate special interest that are backing this..."
Precisely.
And frankly. it would be shocking if the Supreme Court of the United States were to overturn a 40-year-old unanimous precedent and make it even harder for ordinary people to restore the American Middle Class.
Actor Michael McKean, most famous for his role in This Is Spinal Tap as well as other Christopher Guest films, tweeted a grotesque response to the mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, that left 26 people dead and 20 others wounded at the hands of what former classmates have described as an anti-Christian atheist.
Though social media has erupted with scores of leftists mocking the faithful's declarations of "hopes and prayers," McKean's mockery takes the contempt to a new low.
Responding to House Speaker Paul Ryan's request that people give the victims in Texas their "prayers right now," McKean wrote: "They were in church. They had the prayers shot right out of them. Maybe try something else."
They were in church. They had the prayers shot right out of them. Maybe try something else. — Michael McKean (@MJMcKean) November 5, 2017
McKean's response to what appears to be an anti-Christian bigot shooting up a congregation of Christians is more contempt for people of faith.
Other celebrities mocked the prayers of Christians as well, though none of them stooped to the level of Michael McKean.
The murdered victims were in a church. If prayers did anything, they'd still be alive, you worthless sack of shit. https://t.co/iGHxPrYrLN — Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 5, 2017
Enough with the prayin'. Time to start legislatin'. — Stephen King (@StephenKing) November 5, 2017
Respectfully, @SpeakerRyan, you scrotally challenged wonder, those slain were praying in a church. Prayers are not a relevant intervention. https://t.co/J4nWPumTWT — David Simon (@AoDespair) November 5, 2017
I began skiing when I was two years old at local east coast resorts - Hunter, Killington, etc. When I was eight years old, after my parents simply couldn't keep up with me anymore, I was enrolled at the weekend freestyle program at the Killington Winter Sports Club. I've been competing ever since, and made the move to Vermont full time when I was in seventh grade. That same year, I enrolled at the Killington Mountain School. There, I saw success at the NorAm level, placing second in dual moguls at 2010 NorAm Finals in Steamboat, Colorado and third in moguls at my final Junior Olympics held at Waterville Valley, New Hampshire.During my time on the U.S. Freestyle Mogul "D" and "C" Team, I've competed at the World Cup and Nor-Am level, with multiple finisheds on the Nor-Am level, and placed 8th at the 2012 World Cup Finals in Megeve, France.My goal this season is to compete in as many World Cup competitions as possible! Unfortunately, this dream requires a substantial amount of outside funding. Therefore, all training, travel, food, etc. expenses are paid out of my own wallet, one that is hard to keep full when training full-time, working part time, and also taking classes at Westminster College. This season alone, my expenses are close to $20,000!I'm asking for your help! Join my journey to the podiums across the world! Or, donate yourself and spread the word to any of your friends & family as well! Facebook, Twitter, email, word of mouth, spread the love where ever you can! Any donation is welcomed and greatly appreciated!THANK YOU!TO MAKE A LARGE DONATION OR ANY DONATION TO MY SKIING ENDEAVOURS, PLEASE MAKE DONATIONS OUT TO BRYAN ZEMBA SKI FUND AND SEND TO...432 Route 100 SouthBridegwater Corners, VT 05035THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!- Bryan
It's not!magicians, I ain't gotta explain slaying.
5th Trading Card Market CS, Domestic Tournament, 12/27/2015, 47 Players (January 2016 format)
—————————————————————-
1st Place: Infernoid
—————————————————————-2nd Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-3rd Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-4th Place: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-5th Place: Infernoid—————————————————————-6th Place: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-7th Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-8th Place: Burning Abyss11th Duelist King Hobby Stage CS, Domestic Tournament, 12/19/2015, 80 Players (January 2016 format)—————————————————————-1st Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-2nd Place: Speedroid Burning Abyss—————————————————————-3rd Place: Burning Abyss Mask—————————————————————-4th Place: Burning Abyss Phantom Knight—————————————————————-5th Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-6th Place: Monarch—————————————————————-7th Place: Cyber Galaxy—————————————————————-8th Place: Burning AbyssBatoloco Open Tournament, Domestic Tournament, 12/26/2015, 90 Players (30 teams) (January 2016 format)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: Monarch—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: Performapal Volcanic—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player A: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player B: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player C: Monarch—————————————————————-4th Place, Player A: Performapal Magicians Majespecter—————————————————————-4th Place, Player B: Nekroz—————————————————————-4th Place, Player C: Performapal DracoslayerGrand Panda Canyon, Local Tournament, 12/24/2015, 9 players (January 2016 format)—————————————————————-1st Place: Performapal Dracoslayer9th Tetsu CS -Answer-, Domestic Tournament, 12/20/2015, 255 Players—————————————————————-3rd Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-4th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-5th place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-6th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-7th Place: Performapal Dracoslayer—————————————————————-8th Place: Performages and Pals—————————————————————-9th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-10th Place: Anti-Meta—————————————————————-11th Place: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-12th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-13th Place: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-14th Place: Burning Abyss—————————————————————-15th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-16th Place: Performage and Pals—————————————————————-17th Place: Burning Abyss
Using a breadboard and an actual loaf of French bread, game developer and Overwatch superfan Dylan Beck has created the ultimate weapon — an artisanally crafted, non-GMO, fully-leavened sniper rifle.
Those unfamiliar with the chewy yet crispy lore baked into the Overwatch universe know that the multiplayer shooter's foremost long-range damage-dealer is named Widowmaker. She is tall, fond of thermal optics and quite French. What better way to give tribute than with a bespoke motion-sensing controller crafted entirely out of a baguette.
The Widowmaker baguette controller WORKS! Here's a sneak peek!
In 12 hours' time, we're putting it to the test! https://t.co/H1RBWnrrtp pic.twitter.com/N0NORagFaQ — Dylan Beck (@rudeism) June 28, 2017
In the clip above you can see Beck at his battle station putting the carbohydrate rich peripheral through its paces. There's some kind of optical ... thing perched on an arm over his desk and a telltale white breadboard plugged into the dorsal surface of the loaf. Along the left rail he's added a directional pad and further back a kind of trigger.
He's promised that in 12 hours he'll put the weapon to the test live on his Twitch stream. From experience, I know that his new toy will only be more rugged as its glutinous guts whither away forming the French perfect weapon.
There is something very attractive about having full Windows 10 in your pocket, and over the last few years we have seen a number of ultra-small x86 PCs being released to the market. Most have been PC sticks for the TV, while a few have been like large smartphones, sporting touch screens and batteries.
The latest iteration of this is the Ockel Sirius A, being worked on in the Netherlands and being funded via Indiegogo. Like most of these devices it runs on an Atom processor, in this case an Intel Atom X7 processor. It also has a 6-inch 1080P HD screen, 4 GB RAM, Intel GPU with 4K support via the integrated full-sized HDMI and Display port and a 3000 mAh battery which can power the device for 4 hours of video playback.
It does not include a SIM card slot, so any hope of using it as a GSM phone is out of the window, though we assume Skype will work well enough over WIFI AC. It does feature a unique Switch Mode which would turn the screen into a mouse and keyboard combo when the mini-PC is connected to an external screen, much like Continuum for phones does on Windows Mobile.
See the pitch video below:
The device is already fully funded with 24 days still to go, with shipping expected in May 2017.
The cheapest entry point for the device however is $549, where similar Asian devices were charging less than $100, suggesting that this is a deal which our readers should likely avoid. The device does however appear to be part of a movement enabled by cheap and powerful hardware and Windows 10's built-in tablet mode and cheap licensing for small screens. As the Windows Store grows I expect we will see more and more of these devices hit the market, hopefully at much more reasonable prices.
See more pictures below.
Gallery
See the device at Indiegogo here.
The epicentre was in Paradip, Odisha The epicentre was in Paradip, Odisha
A medium-intensity earthquake measuring 6 on the Richter scale jolted Delhi, National Capital Region, Chennai and parts of eastern and northern India on Wednesday night. However, there were no immediate reports of casualties or damage to properties.
The quake struck 60 kms east of Paradip at a depth of 10 kms at 9.52 PM, said L S Rathore, Director General, India Meterological Department, reported PTI.
Preliminary report. Twitter pic Preliminary report. Twitter pic
"The epicentre of the earthquake was in the Bay of Bengal with its coordinates being 18.1 degree north and 87.8 degree east, measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale," said Ministry of Earth Science Secretary Shailesh Nayak.
A Chennai report said tremors were felt in parts of Nungambakkam, Porur and Triplicane where people rushed out of their homes. No tsunami alert has been issued so far.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These drinkers in South Korea are trying out a new hangover cure after a special ice cream was launched by a supermarket .
The Gyeondyo-bar, which translates to "hang in there", is the first ice cream bar marketed specifically to combat the after effects of drinking alcohol .
The grapefruit-flavoured lollipop contains 0.7% oriental raisin tree fruit juice, a traditional hangover remedy cited in a Korean medicine book from the 17th century that is included in popular hangover potions.
A 2012 article in the Journal of Neuroscience found oriental raisin tree extract reduced symptoms of intoxication in rats.
(Image: Reuters)
Um Kyung-sun, a Korean medicine doctor at Korea Medicine Herbal Association, said: "In the past, we've used oriental raisin tree fruits to ease a hangover, because it contains lots of fructose, glucose, minerals, calcium, and iron.
"Even now, it has been proven to be really effective for relieving hangovers."
(Image: Reuters)
Drinking, often in groups of co-workers, is big business in South Korea, and so are hangover cures, which generate roughly 150 billion won (£80 million) in annual sales, according to industry data.
Remedies range from pills and beverages to cosmetics for women who want to keep their skin soft after a boozy night.
Those cures exclude the "hangover soup" that is a staple of Korean restaurant menus.
(Image: Reuters)
South Koreans drink 12.3 litres of alcohol per year on average, the most in Asia-Pacific, according to a 2014 World Health Organisation report.
Read more: Drunk reveller can't remember where he lives
A study by South Korea's National Health Insurance Policy Institute estimated that the social cost of drinking, including to lost production, hospitalisations and early deaths, was about 9.45 trillion won in 2013.
My latest project, the "Southern Cross", so named in reference to the "Polar Star", similar yet different.
After recycling the shape of the regenerator into the Iron Duke, I figured I could do the same with the Polar Star, cladding my megabot in armour instead of a ring of electroplates.
Like with my other megabots the guns are supported by e-plates, encased in armour. I doubled the number of megahovers from the Polar Star to accommodate the additional weight and provide redundancy. Despite the greater carrying capacity, and efforts to reduce the armour weight with aero rods, it remains sluggish and unresponsive.
In combat, this megabot fairs the best at medium to close range in horizontal engagement. It is slow to move about the battlefield so you need to choose your trajectory carefully. But once you reach a good vantage point you can start to spin the whole robot to spread incoming damage around the hull. Although you make sure to keep a medic by your side because you will have difficulties reaching for your allies with your slow speed and manoeuvrability. You lose some accuracy when spinning but careful tap firing help mitigate that disadvantage. Finaly, be mindful that half your guns are under the chassis, therefor your firepower against airplanes is effectively halved.
I was curious how an armoured Polar Star would look like, and that is why I build this megabot. I am really satisfied with its looks but a bit disappointed at megahovers being so slow and sluggish. I hope the spinning gimmick help redeem hover megabots which currently feels subpar compared to their wheeled cousins.
Top speed on the flat at OC4: 120MPH
Block count: 1835
Sell price: 29307853 RP (33288357RP with normal MSMG's)
Total cost: 58615706 RP (66576714 RP with normal MSMG's)
Pros:
-All terrain.
-Thin cross-section.
-Redundant megahovers.
-Gun resistant to plasma and rail shots.
-Can spin on itself to spread damage all over the hull.
-Best used for engagement a medium to long range.
Cons:
-Very slow and unresponsive.
-Needs time to spool up to spinning speed or to stop spinning.
-Low health compared to a full block wheeled megabot.
-Susceptible to air attacks.
-Limited firepower against aircraft.
Imgur album available here.
Thanks to XxPartyGamerxX for minors improvements of the splash picture.
A seven-year-old pit bull is on his way back to California, after disappearing three years ago and turning up in Brevard County.
But this reunion was not easy.
A small chip, and a pet detective, helped reunite Smoke, also known as Bayou, with his owner.
Brevard County Animal Control Officers brought the dog to the shelter last month as a stray. At the Brevard Animal Care Center, workers scanned the dog's microchip, a tiny chip implanted into the animal to find them if they go missing.
Once the dog is scanned, a number of shows up and it gives the workers info about the owner. But in Smoke's case, neither his owner's number nor address were up to date. They had no way to tell the Eric Hough, ‘we have your dog.'
“We don't stop there," said Paul Hunter, who manages the facility. "What I did was call the local LA County facility because they were the actual implanter of the chip. The chip company… When I hit a dead end, I say, where was that chip sold to? Where did it come from? And we keep researching.”
Hunter found out Smoke was stolen at one point, but still a dead end. That's when she reached out to her network and got connected with Pet Detective Ryan Gamache, who they credit for finding Smoke's owner, Eric Hough.
Hunter says it started with the chip, and she's seen many similar stories, including a memorable reunion between a woman and the pet she thought was gone.
“She thought the dog was long gone. Seven months had gone by and we were able to track her down," Hunter said. "She never would have known and the dog was nursed back to health. It was just the most touching re-unification I've ever had with a chip.”
Volunteers with Kindred Hearts Transportation Connection are now helping Smoke continue his journey. A network of drivers will transport Smoke home, each taking a 40-minute to 90-minute leg of the cross-country journey.
The dog is expected to be back with his owner on Sunday.
By Edward Chaykovsky
WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder (33-0, 32KOs) is likely not going to return to the ring until the summer. He captured the World Boxing Council title over the weekend with a twelve round decision over champion Bermane Stiverne at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Following the match, Wilder said he injured his right hand in the fourth or fifth round. Wilder had X-rays after returning back to Alabama and they appear to show a fracture in his in the knuckle area of his ring finger on his right hand. Wilder's right hand underwent surgery in 2009. He plans to see the same doctor who performed that procedure, for a general review of the injury, in the next couple of days.
"We won't know the extent of the injury until we get more information but we don't think it will keep him out of training long," said Jay Deas, Wilder's manager, to the Tuscaloosa News.
"He was going to be off to heal up after a very difficult fight. Now is a great time to get everything fixed. We don't expect any change in the schedule, which would have him back in the ring in the summertime."
Tesla's (TSLA) stock took a hit in pre-market trading this morning following a note from Goldman Sachs' top analyst Patrick Archambault (see update below) downgrading Tesla to ‘Neutral' and significantly cutting his price target from $240 to $185 due to what he sees as an “increased risk premium”.
Archambault wrote in the note that he expects a slower production ramp for the Model 3 than what Tesla is guiding. He adds that he prefers to be neutral on the stock because he sees Tesla's record delivery numbers in Q3 as the last short-term potential catalyst for the stock.
Though he does expect Tesla to report a profit in Q3 of $0.28, which would be a first in 3 years, but CEO Elon Musk already hinted that it could be the case.
Here's the summary of the note to clients:
Goldman Sachs downgrades Tesla Motors $TSLA to Neutral from Buy, PT $185: We downgrade shares of Tesla Motors to Neutral from Buy and lower our 6-month price target to $185 from $240. Since we added TSLA to the Buy list on May 18, 2016, shares are up 0.1% vs. the S&P 500 +5.0% and our coverage +6.0%, as management's deployment of capital for potential M&A has likely weighed on investor sentiment on the concept stock. We now see incremental risk to the business related to management's deployment of capital for M&A, and further believe that any delay in the company's timeline to launch its new Model 3 will be detrimental to shares. However, with solid 3Q16 deliveries and the potential downward catalyst of a missed Model 3 launch timeline out in 2H17, we prefer to be Neutral on shares. Current view We see room for downward estimate revision as volume ramps slower and spending grows quicker. While our 2016E EPS is ahead of the Street (-$0.59 vs. Street at -$0.93), our 2017 through 2019 EPS estimates are an average 48% below consensus. This is the result of our expectation of a slower ramp to the Model 3 launch and incremental SG&A spend as the company continues its heavy investment period, as well as from increasing R&D associated with the Model 3 and new products. Pro-forma FCF and leverage a cause for concern. We believe the proposed combination of Tesla and SolarCity – two high growth, high cash burn businesses, creates a higher risk entity given the combined ongoing capital needs and higher net leverage that would potentially result. Our illustrative pro-forma analysis implies 2017E and 2018E FCF burn ranges of $2.4bn to $2.5bn and $1.3bn to $1.4bn with net leverage increasing to ranges of 6.6x to 6.9x and 3.5x to 3.6x, respectively, vs. legacy Tesla net leverage of 1.1x and 0.9x. Why are we not more negative? In the near-term we do see Tesla achieving a positive EPS result in 3Q16, mainly on strength of vehicle deliveries achieving half of the company's 2H16 guidance. This puts our updated 3Q16 EPS estimate of $0.28 above consensus of $0.07. Additionally, we raise our estimates to fully incorporate the Tesla Energy business – driving a net positive increase to our 2016 through 2019 EPS estimates. Valuation We lower our 6-month price target for TSLA from $240 to $185 primarily as we increase the company specific risk premium within our discount rate being applied to both our probability weighted automotive valuation (which values the automotive company on its long-term potential) and our Tesla Energy valuation (see Exhibits 40 and 41 on pages 29 and 30) given incremental business risk from management's capital deployment strategy, as illustrated by the announced Solar City deal.
Patrick Archambault is one of the best-ranked analysts on Tip Ranks: #385 out of 4,190 analysts with a 58% success rate and an average return of 14.3%. He has been covering TSLA for a long time, but his recommendations on the stock have been fairly conservative:
Update: we are told that David Tamberrino took over the Tesla coverage Goldman Sachs and issued the downgrade. But considering he was on Archambault's team and that his history of TSLA coverage is fairly recent, it's probably better to refer to Archambault's coverage history on TSLA has seen on the chart above.
Sen. Bernie Sanders will head to Louisiana this weekend for a series of campaign events that will include a town hall and a civil rights convention.
The Vermont Independent is set to host his town hall meeting Sunday at the same venue where Gov. Bobby Jindal launched his presidential campaign earlier this month, according to the New Orleans Advocate.
Sanders, who has drawn impressive crowds to campaign events around the country in recent weeks, will likely be forced to confront the shooting that claimed two lives in a Lafayette movie theater earlier this week.
The Democratic presidential candidate will head to Baton Rouge for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference's annual convention before departing for New Orleans to attend the state party's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner.
The SCLC will provide Sanders with the opportunity to address civil rights and grow his outreach to minority voters, something he has pledged to do on the campaign trail.
,
Effective July 10, the National Council of La Raza (NCLR), changed its name to UnidosUS. It's being accused of “selling out”. [ Savvy move or 'selling out'? National Council of La Raza unveils new name by Maria Polleta, Arizona Central, July 11, 2017] But really, nothing has changed.
President Janet Murguia justified the change because some members thought “raza” was outdated and “didn't resonate”. [The Largest Latino Rights Group To Drop ‘La Raza', Switch To ‘UnidosUS', CBS, July 10, 2017] She claims it had nothing to do with “right wing groups” who nefariously “applied a literal translation to ‘la raza' as ‘the race' and said the advocacy group for Latinos was pushing a racist agenda”. [National Council of La Raza Changes Name to UnidosUS , by Suzanne Gamboa, NBC News, July 10, 2017]
The organization long denied its name meant “the race” and instead claimed it meant “the people” or "the community." Naturally, the Main Stream Media parroted this line.
I consulted the Real Academia Española, the “Royal Academy of the Spanish Language.” Founded in 1713 in Madrid, it's the highest authority of the Spanish language, boasting leading scholars from throughout the Spanish-speaking world.
The first meaning it assigns to “la raza” is Casta o calidad del origen o linaje, which means “caste or quality of the origin or lineage.”
Sounds like a race.
The second is “Cada uno de los grupos en que se subdividen algunas especies biológicas y cuyos caracteres diferenciales se perpetúan por herencia.” “Each one of the groups in which some biological species are subdivided and whose differential characteristics are perpetuated by inheritance.”
Sounds like a race.
In reference to animals, the term raza refers to a breed, such as a Berkshire pig or Guernsey cow. An animal breed is not a “people” or “community”.
The Real Academia also provides in its entry an English translation of raza. That translation is “race.”
I can't find any equivalent of the terms “people” or “community.”
Could Razistas be pulling our leg about “la raza”?
Even if they aren't, even if la raza meant “the people” or “community,” it doesn't mean the American “people” or “community.” From the viewpoint of American unity, it's still subversive.
The NCLR/UnidosUS website provides its own explanation of what La Raza supposedly means. Interestingly, it's harder to find than it was years ago. Are they hiding it?
The organization claims:
The term was coined by Mexican scholar José Vasconcelos [Right] to reflect the fact that the people of Latin America are a mixture of many of the world's races, cultures, and religions. Some people have mistranslated “La Raza” to mean “the race,” implying that it is a term meant to exclude others. In fact, the full term coined by Vasconcelos, “La Raza Cósmica,” meaning the “cosmic people,” was developed to reflect not purity but the mixture inherent in the Hispanic people. This is an inclusive concept, meaning that Hispanics share with all other peoples of the world a common heritage and destiny.
Aside from claims the Real Academia mistranslated the word, note their concept of La Raza was developed by Jose Vasconcelos. The explanation makes it sound like Vasconcelos was celebrating “ the mixture inherent in the Hispanic people ,” “an inclusive concept.”
They're assuming most people won't investigate what Vasconcelos wrote. It's very different from their claims. Vasconcelos wrote about racial mixture, but wasn't describing race mixture in general. Instead, he was describing a specific type of race mixture linked to a particular ideology.
Vasconcelos describes his ideology in La Raza Cósmica (The Cosmic Race). Written in the 1920s and revised in 1948, it was widely influential in Mexico and throughout Latin America.
Vasconcelos attempted to establish an identity and a civilizational and racial vision for all Latin America. Far from believing in a universalistic “let's all get along and mix all the races” ideology, Vasconcelos believed in a centuries' long clash of civilizations, pitting the Hispanic civilization (of which Mexico is a part) against the Anglo-Saxon civilization (of which the United States is a part).
Vasconcelos called the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 a “disaster.” Note that the Armada's defeat paved the way for English settlement of the 13 Colonies (beginning with Jamestown) which was the foundation of the U.S.A.
This civilizational struggle “of Latinity against Saxonism,” said Vasconcelos, was and is “a struggle of institutions, of purposes and of ideals”.
Vasconcelos calls the Anglo-Saxons “our enemies” and writes of “the Saxon—our rival for possession of the continent”. (Recall that in Spanish, North and South America form one continent.)
What does that mean for the U.S.A., founded as it is upon the English cultural, linguistic, legal and political principles?
Are Hispanic immigrants going to assimilate to our culture or do they see themselves as Hispanic infiltrators of the enemy Anglosphere?
We can guess.
Culturally speaking, the La Raza ideology is opposed to our culture.
What did Vasconcelos teach about race?
Vasconcelos divided humanity into five races (razas)—(1) the negro (black) (2) the rojo or indio (American Indian), (3) the amarillo (yellow) or mogul (Mongol), and (4) to blanco (white).
The fifth raza is la raza cósmica, the cosmic race “una estirpe [stock, lineage] en formación”, a raza still in the process of formation.
This new race, taught Vasconcelos, is being formed in Latin America through the race mixture of the four traditional races. And this new race is going to be “an improvement [superación] over all the past [races].”
That sounds like a “super-race” ideology. Where have I heard that before?
Vasconcelos' new Cosmic Race, an “infinitely superior type to all that have existed” would be formed by the four traditional races, but not in equal proportions.
Vasconcelos said the white (European) character would probably predominate and “the white himself will have to aspire with the object of conquering the synthesis.” The new Fifth Race would be predominantly European.
Vasconcelos didn't write much about Asians, though there has been some Asian mixture in Latin America.
As for American Indians, Vasconcelos thought they needed to modernize. Through race mixture, “The Indian…will make the jump of myriad years…”
Vasconcelos also taught blacks would have some characteristics bred out.
He wrote:
“The low types of the species will be absorbed by the superior type…. the Negro, for example, can be redeemed and, little by little, through voluntary extinction, the ugliest stocks will be less prolific, and the better specimens will yield to the more beautiful.”
Vasconcelos even contrasted the situations of American blacks and Latin American blacks, writing that “In the Iberoamerican world…we have few Negroes and most of them have been transforming into mulattoes.”
Vasconcelos postulated, “..in a few decades of aesthetic eugenics the Negro can disappear together with the types which the free instinct of beauty will designate as fundamentally recessive and unworthy…of perpetuation.”
Janet Murguia didn't tell us about that part!
The apologists of La Raza ideology (knowingly or unknowingly) presented a sanitized version. But they neglect entirely to tell you that in 1940, while World War II was already raging in Europe, Jose Vasconcelos was a Nazi sympathizer.
Actually, a collaborator. Vasconcelos edited Timón, a magazine sponsored by the German embassy in Mexico. Some of the publication's articles cheered on the Axis powers, attacked Jews and quoted the Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
Janet Murguia doesn't bring that up either!
Is it possible the real reason behind the NCLR's name change was that unfortunate publicity about the term raza created the possibility Americans might learn about Vasconcelos' “Cosmic Race” ideology?
Maybe. But there are still plenty of other groups bearing the term La Raza in their organizational names. In fact, according to Lisa Navarrete of the NCLR, there are “thousands”. [Which ‘La Raza?' Trump comments cause confusion over group's role, by Emily Flitter, Reuters, June 6, 2016]
One notable example is La Raza Lawyers of San Diego, which has U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel as a member. Candidate Trump was criticized for calling him a “Mexican judge.”
La Raza ideology has no place in Anglo-American jurisprudence. It's disturbing such an organization even exists.
And despite the name change, NCLR/UnidosUS still exists and there's no change in its policies. The organization claims : “Our primary change is that of our name—UnidosUS. Our Mission, Vision, and Values will remain the same. But we recognize that as an organization we need to ensure we evolve along with, and remain relevant to, our ever-changing Hispanic community.”
To give you some idea of its “values” when it comes to immigration, here are some press statements and issue statements from the NCLR/UnidosUS website.
,
Regardless of its name, UnidosUS is not your friend if you're an immigration patriot. It will continue to oppose any attempt to enforce immigration laws. Indeed, “UnidosUS” is already denouncing President Trump's “immoral border wall” [ UnidosUS Decries House Decision to Stick Taxpayers with $1.6 Billion Bill to Fund Immoral Border Wall July 28, 2017].
It may have a new name. But UnidosUS has the same old mission.
American citizen Allan Wall (email him) moved back to the U.S.A. in 2008 after many years residing in Mexico. Allan's wife is Mexican, and their two sons are bilingual. In 2005, Allan served a tour of duty in Iraq with the Texas Army National Guard. His VDARE.COM articles are archived here; his Mexidata.info articles are archived here ; his News With Views columns are archived here; and his website is here.
AIZWAL: ‘Thy Kingdom Come' . That's how Mizoram welcomes you. Painted big and bold across a giant Cross a few yards from the runway at state capital Aizwal's Lengpui airport, the message seems ominous as you get familiar with the political nitty-gritty of this Christian-dominated state.The election process has a sense of divine edict about it. The Church pushed the Election Commission to reschedule polling and counting dates to accommodate the Presbyterian Church's fiveday Synod despite chief electoral officer Ashwani Kumar's protests; counting was postponed by a day to December 9 because ‘Sunday is meant for prayers'. Not just that, the clergy also plays virtual election commission. The Church has issued a four-page list of do's and don'ts for voters and candidates. Apart from the honesty and harmony bits, it says: “Refrain from voting for those who drink or have extra-marital sex.” With almost 70% of Mizoram following the Presbyterian Church, no party rubs them the wrong way.Dr Robert Halliday, secretary of Mizoram Presbyterian Church , says: “Mizoram's common people are pious, they'll abide by any Church guideline. We can only urge them to lead a moral life. We don't want to interfere with the election, rather we want to facilitate the process.”Mizoram People's Forum , a Church-sponsored watchdog formed in 2006, has signed a 27-point ‘MoU' with major political parties, including the ruling Congress and BJP, to ensure a ‘free and fair' election. Apart from curbs on lavish campaigning, the charter prohibits tall promises in manifesto , bans public meetings and protest rallies and tells parties not to organize vehicles to drop voters to polling booths. Hinting at Rahul and Sonia Gandhi's visit later this month, MPF general secretary Lalramthanga said: “Rules won't be relaxed for star campaigners of national parties. MPF will conduct the public meetings permitted by the Mizoram Pradesh Congress Committee.”No party defies the diktats. If they do, the MPF would “invalid the party (sic),” says the MoU. “Constituencies here are small — 15,000 to 20,000 — each vote counts. No politician can afford to ignore the Church's guidelines ,” says CEO Kumar.Insisting the EC, MPF and the Church share a common goal — free and fair elections — Kumar explains: “In Mizoram, the Church is older than the government . The state was formed in 1986 after the Church facilitated the peace process. Until recently, they looked after the people's education and healthcare. The Church isn't just a religious institution here, it's a way of life, the centre of social activities.”While the EC's lauded the MPF's role, many question the religious body's role in a democratic process.“Elections should remain secular . The scenario in Mizoram is like that of 18th century Europe when religious doctrine got mixed up with political administration,” says Lallianchhunga, assistant professor of political science, Mizoram University. “Would similar orders issued by another religious body in another part of India be accepted by the politicians?” he asks. “Going by this logic, we shouldn't have elections on Fridays and Tuesdays either because they are holy days for some religions.”College-goer Nghaka believes MPF is a Frankenstein in the making . “What authority does it have to issue guidelines beyond those issued by the EC? We're supposed to elect leaders, not saints. Some of the best leaders in world history – including Churchill and Kennedy, one a heavy drinker and another known for extra-marital affairs – would never have been able to contest elections in Mizoram.”
Ford's first mass-market electric vehicle isn't a sexy sports car. It isn't a sleek sedan. And it isn't cool compact. It's a van. A delivery van, to be exact, designed specifically for fleet use. It isn't the sexiest way to break into the electric arena, but it's a smart move for Ford and a logical place for EVs.
Ford rolled into San Francisco with one of the Transit Connect Electric vans that goes on sale at the end of the year. It isn't much to look at – a big box on wheels with a definite European flair – but it offers 80 miles of range and charges in as little as six hours. Ford is offering it only its big fleet customers – AT&T has already signed up for two – for now but opens the order book next year for anyone who wants one.
Ford says as many as one in four cars it builds in 2020 will be a hybrid or electric vehicle, and it's rolling out an electric Focus next year. But it's starting with a delivery van because fleets are a perfect market for EVs. The vehicles tend to follow set routes, so range isn't an issue. They return to a centralized location, making recharging a snap. The up-front cost is higher, but the operating costs are lower.
For those reasons and more, fleets are a logical place for a technology still facing many barriers – real or perceived – to consumer acceptance.
"Aiming their first EV at the fleet market is a smart move for Ford because fleets are more likely to use EVs or natural gas vehicles than individual consumers," said Mike Omotoso, an auto industry analyst with J.D. Power and Associates. "Right now, a vehicle like that would not make financial sense for an individual."
The van swaps the internal combustion engine of the highly successful Transit Connect in favor of an electric drivetrain (more details: .pdf) developed by Azure Dynamics Corp. The system uses a 28 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery made by Johnson Controls-Saft. It looks like a rectangle, it weighs 661 pounds and it's mounted under the body between the frame rails. Plug 'er into a 220-volt 30-amp line like your dryer uses and the battery's good to go in six to eight hours. Plug it into a 110 and... don't ask.
"One-ten's a dog," Praveen Cherian, program manager for the Transit Connect EV, said in an unusually frank admission for an EV advocate. "You'll want to do it with 220, but in a pinch you could do it 110."
He wouldn't tell us how long charging the battery would take at 110, but figure at least 16 hours. And a 440-volt quick charge? Nope. At this point it isn't possible because that's too much for the van's 3.3 kilowatt charger to handle. The truck would need an external charger to do the job, Cherian said.
"Otherwise it generates too much heat," he said.
The rest of the drivetrain is standard EV fare. Propulsion comes from a 330-volt Siemens AC motor. It produces 50 kilowatts (67 horsepower) continuous and 100 kilowatts (134 horsepower) peak. The motor turns the front wheels through a Borg-Warner single-speed transmission. Most of the components are off-the-shelf.
"The only way to do this quickly is to use off the shelf parts," Cherian said of the project. "That's critical to us."
The battery is liquid cooled, and Cherian claims it will outlive the truck.
"Fleets typically keep a vehicle 10 years or 120,000 miles," he said. "This battery will far exceed that."
Ford builds the Transit Connect in Turkey, but sends the rolling chassis to Michigan to have the electrical bits installed. Although Ford has the capacity to build 200,000 Transit Connect vans each year, Cherian said the company plans to build 1,000 electric vans annually to start.
Open the back doors and you're looking at 135 cubic feet of space. Customers receive an empty van; this one's had aftermarket drawers and sliders installed. The Transit Connect EV has a payload of 1,000 pounds, which is about 600 pounds less than the conventional version because of the battery.
"That wasn't an issue for our customers," Cherian said of the loss in payload. "It was more important to them that we preserve all of the interior space."
Who are these customers? Ford isn't saying.
"We're still working with our fleet customers, but we're seeing lots of hands go up to say, 'We're interested,'" Cherian said.
AT&T has agreed to buy two of the e-vans, which will be added to its fleet of more than 77,000 vehicles.
"Cleaner, alternative-fuel vehicles are the future of our corporate fleet, and the Transit Connect Electric represents a real breakthrough and will be a strong addition to our range of alternative-fuel vehicles,” Jerome Webber, v.p. of fleet operations at AT&T, said in a statement.
Ford isn't naming names beyond AT&T, but some of its other big customers include Best Buy and UPS. UPS has seen good results experimenting with diesel hybrids, so it isn't hard to picture it adding a few electrics to the mix, and the United States Postal Service also is looking to electrify.
Offering the vans to big players first provides Ford with some additional R&D, said Spencer Quong, an automotive engineer and CEO of the alt-fuel consulting firm Quong & Associates.
"With any relatively new technology, fleets are a great idea," Quong said. "It gives automakers a chance to work with someone directly on a vehicle. It's a good way of introducing new technology and getting real-world experience and real-world data in a controlled environment."
Although the big companies get dibs for now, next year Ford will begin selling the vans through its dealerships to anyone who wants one. What's it going to run? Charian said that hasn't been determined, but the conventional Transit Connect van starts at $21,000.
"It'll definitely cost more than that," Cherian said.
So what's it like to drive? It's a delivery van, so it's pretty boring, actually. But our brief time behind the wheel suggested it's perfectly suited to the job at hand.
The van isn't quick, but it's got good torque so it's snappy off the line and can dart into holes in traffic. Ford claims the van will do zero to 60 in 11 seconds, but downtown San Franciso isn't the best place to put that figure to the test so we'll have to take Cherian's word for it. Top speed is limited to 75 mph – again, we couldn't test that – to maximize range.
The regenerative braking minimizes the need to hit the brakes in traffic, but the deceleration is gentle, not abrupt like it is in some EVs and hybrids. Cherian said Ford is still tweaking the software and the production model will offer varying levels of regen the driver will select with the gearshift. When driving down a hill, for example, you might want more regen to slow the vehicle, much like you'd downshift in a conventional truck.
We wanted to use the van to deliver a pile of pizzas and a keg of beer to Wired.com, but Ford nixed the idea so we didn't drive the van with any kind of payload. But we did attack one of the city's steepest hills and had no trouble. Azure Dynamics says the van can ascend a 20 percent grade with no problem and operate in ambient temperatures between 30 below and 120 degrees Fahrenheit.
Just a tiny fraction of the fleet vehicles Ford sells – it sold something like 100,000 last year – will be electric, and sales will surely be slow to start. But Cherian sees big things ahead.
"We're excited by the potential for our electric vehicles," he said. "People were a little hesitant about hybrids at first, but now they accept them and embrace them. We expect the same will be true of electric vehicles."
POST UPDATED 6 p.m. Eastern March 10 after AT&T announced it is buying two Transit Connect Electrics.
Photos: Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See Also:
People with disabilities or travelling with prescribed marijuana say they're getting a rough ride at airport security, according to documents obtained under Access to Information.
In one case, a woman phoned the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority (CATSA) to complain how employees treated her daughter, who is visually impaired.
She claimed that after her daughter's guide dog went through a walk-through metal detector, the screening officer started to manually check the animal. Another officer told him to stop touching the dog, remove the harness and put the harness through the X-ray machine.
The mother, who was travelling with her daughter, interjected by saying that wasn't correct. According to her, that's when a female officer responded, "I can tell by looking at your daughter, she is not blind."
A few months earlier, another passenger reported being asked to remove the harness of his service animal. When he challenged the screening officer, he said the woman told him it was standard procedure.
But it's not. The security authority's website clearly tells passengers, "You don't need to remove your service animal's harness, but carrying bags or pouches must go through the X-ray. The screening officer will visually inspect your service animal and its harness."
Thanks for making travel suck. - Air passenger's complaint
The documents describe many other occasions where people with mobility problems were ordered to remove footwear and braces, lower their pants to show an ostomy bag, or where staff made unwelcome comments.
"One officer jumped at my presence, stared and remarked upon the 'novelty' of my [wheelchair]," one woman complained before adding, "I am not an anomaly. It is important for disabled folk to move [through] this world without being deemed circus freaks."
In one heavily redacted complaint, a man with an internal medical device was ordered to pass through the walk-through metal detector even after showing the screening officer a medical document warning him not to.
Medical marijuana
The documents also contain several reports of people getting held up once they told security staff they were travelling with their doctor-prescribed medicinal marijuana.
One parent complained on behalf of his son, who he said declared his medication at screening.
"This is a prescribed medication and you need to have a clear policy on this. There are hundreds of prescribed narcotics that go [through] screening every hour and they are not subjected to this kind of treatment, requiring an RCMP officer to attend the screening process to review the prescription documentation for a small amount of prescribed medication," reads the complaint.
The parent went on to say the security official eventually said their son should have packed the drug in his checked luggage. Yet the federal government's travel website advises passengers to pack all medications in carry-on baggage.
Another man who told security he was carrying medicinal marijuana reported in his complaint that neither the officer nor his supervisor knew what to do. After a 45-minute wait, three police officers arrived at the checkpoint. The complaint says the passenger stated he felt as though he was treated like a criminal.
When contacted by CBC News, a spokesperson for the security authority said "screening officers do not have the authority to accept or refuse Health Canada documentation on the use of marijuana" and that they must notify police when they find the drug on passengers or in their belongings. The agency's website does not provide any guidance or information for passengers who wish to travel with their prescribed marijuana.
Too close for comfort
The documents also contain many allegations of rough or inappropriate touching.
"After I finished the body scan, I was told to get out of the machine. A guy who did the body scanning machine saw the screen and without warning he touched my breasts. And after that he apologized that he didn't recognize I was a woman," one passenger complained.
Physical pat-downs are supposed to be done by someone of the same gender, but that doesn't mean passengers always find them acceptable.
"I have had the scanner beep for my bra due to the under wire many times," one woman said, "but I have never had my breasts touched the way the officer touched me. She did not use the back of her hand but actually cupped my breasts."
In another complaint, a veteran reported being publicly humiliated when an officer patted down his groin and told him, "There is something hard in your groin." The man said he was embarrassed by the comment, as well as having to tell the officer about the calcium deposit in that area.
Security staff subjected to abuse
If the complaints are anything to go by, it is also clear airport security employees are also subject to abuse from passengers. Several angry passenger emails contain hateful racist rants and offensive language.
"I was again stopped for this screening from amongst a bunch of people of different colours," one person said, before suggesting CATSA "move these security screening stands to staff who have more neutral backgrounds."
Another man, after complaining about the ethnic makeup at one security checkpoint, asked, "What happened to white Canadians? Jesus H. Christ."
For the most part, though, passengers complain most about not feeling respected while going through security or having items confiscated.
"Fondue forks aren't specifically mentioned on your list, but they were not any sharper than regular forks," one passenger argued.
"I had to check my bag after a long lineup because of a [snow-globe]. It [contained] clearly less than 100 ml [of water] but according to [the security officer] it was over 100 ml. She had no basis for this, and there was no way for her to prove it. She looked at it like a scientist and assessed the amount of liquid in the globe," said the passenger, who concluded with, "Thanks for making travel suck."
It's taken him two weeks, but Neil Young has finally followed up on his threat to remove his music from streaming services. Some time this past weekend, most of Young's albums disappeared from Spotify, Apple Music, Rdio and other subscription streaming services. A Spotify spokesperson confirmed the removal when contacted by Variety.
Albums removed include Young's most recent, “The Monsanto Years,” as well as classics like the 1972 album “Harvest” and the 1992 follow-up “Harvest Moon.” Young has recorded more than 40 live and studio albums throughout his career, most of which are now unavailable for streaming.
Young took to Facebook and Twitter earlier this month to declare that he was going to take his music off streaming services. Unlike other musicians, Young's primary beef with Spotify and similar services wasn't about the economics of streaming. Instead, he complained that the audio quality of music services was too low.
“I don't need my music to be devalued by the worst quality in the history of broadcasting or any other form of distribution,” he said, adding: “I don't feel right allowing this to be sold to my fans. It's bad for my music.”
However, Young wasn't able to remove his entire catalog from streaming services. Currently, Spotify still makes five albums available for streaming, including the 1983 title “Trans” and “Old Ways” from 1985. A similar selection is available on Apple Music and Rdio.
All of these albums were recorded by the musician for Geffen Records. The rights to these albums are now held by Universal Music, which apparently didn't share Young's views on streaming audio quality.
Neil Young's albums are still available for sale through iTunes, Google Play, Amazon and other download stores. Young has also begun to sell his music via Pono, a company founded by the musician to sell a high-definition music player and high-quality music downloads.
3RD UPDATE – FINAL: (See Conan and Obama videos here and here.) We warned you not to expect much from tonight's White House Correspondents' Dinner. And true to form it failed to deliver. Bland to a fault Conan O'Brien didn't lay a glove on celebrity-in-chief Barack Obama. (Bring back Seth Meyers…) But the President got an easy laugh with a showbiz joke that couldn't have made Comcast too happy. (He noted that, of 22 recent basketball shots, he had 2 hits and 20 misses. “The executives at NBC asked, ‘What's your secret?'” POTUS said.) O'Brien's best line of the night was comparing the relationship between Obama and Speaker of the House John Boehner to a blind date between Anderson Cooper and Rachel Maddow. (“In theory they understand each other's positions. But deep down you know nothing's ever going to happen.”) Obama got in the nastiest media dig. Noting that CNN has “taken some knocks” – because of errors during reporting on the Boston Marathon bombings – he said, “Fact is I admire their commitment to cover all sides of a story – just in case one of them happens to be accurate.” Obama even stabbed his liberal media cronies. He said seeing David Axelrod going to work for MSNBC was “a nice change of pace since MSNBC used to work for David Axelrod”.
Steven Spielberg – whom Obama called “my wonderful friend” – played a pivotal role in a video claiming the director's next film is about Obama and will star Daniel Day-Lewis. (Obama pretended to be DDL playing himself. “The cosmetics were challenging.”) Otherwise, POTUS was flat. And, at times unabashedly arrogant. Like when he warned that, if the media are “only focused on profits or ratings or polls, then we're contributing to the cynicism that so many people feel right now.” He also made this media comparison: “My job is to be president. Your job is to keep me humble. Frankly, I think I'm doing my job better.” He did receive a big laugh with this line: “These days I look in the mirror and I'm not the strapping young Muslim Socialist I used to be.” Swaggering to the podium accompanied by rap music, he began by self-congratulating himself. (“Rush Limbaugh warned you about this. Second term, baby!”) He constantly made showbiz references. A nod to Michael Douglas in The American President. (“An Aaron Sorkin liberal fantasy.”) To History channel's depiction of him as the devil. (“Of course, Fox News thought the comparison was not fair – to Satan.”) To Groucho Marx. (“That's Groucho Marx. Not Karl.”) To Conan's invitation to host the WHCD. (“It's the age-old dilemma: do you offer it to him now? Or wait five years and give it to Jimmy Fallon?”)
For his part, O'Brien was too respectful, especially given that he was headlining for the second time. (He previously hosted in 1995 and underwhelmed.) For instance he said very little about the recession, except to point out that, when it came to job creation, “under Obama the number of Popes has doubled, and the number of Tonight Show hosts has tripled”. Conan even went so far as to bash the hotel more than Obama. O'Brien was fine with showbiz jokes like this: “The guys from Duck Dynasty are here. It can can only mean one thing: the guys from Storage Wars said no.” But anti-Republican jabs didn't go over. (Explaining that the President only won reelection because “he must have run against Mitt Romney, the rich guy whose horse danced in the Olympics”.) is media jokes were better received. He noted that Jeff Zucker's news network is watched only “by the people who clean the offices at CNN”. And that Piers Morgan is actually the “scheming footman from Downton Abbey“. An Ann Curry-Al Roker feces joke fell flat. Winding up the evening, Conan laid a big one when he tried to cast an alleged new Turner Broadcasting DC miniseries because “Hollywood can't get enough of your world.” (VP Biden = Bob Barker, David Axelrod – Higgins from Magnum PI, Paul Ryan = Mr Bean, Chuck Schumer = Grandpa Munster, Janet Napolitano = Paul Giamatti, Rahm Emanuel = Stewie from Family Guy.)
The Washington Hilton ballroom was “hot as hell,” we're told. Maybe because red-hot Duck Dynasty reality star Willie Robertson was attending the dinner. (“Surprised I'm the only person wearin' a bandana,” he tweeted.) Who cared that cantankerous Tom “Get Off My Lawn!” Brokaw is objecting to the presence of celebrities among the 2,700 guests at this annual glitter and power schmoozefest. George Clooney, Ari Emanuel and Charlize Theron weren't there like last year. But Obama bundlers Jeffrey Katzenberg and Harvey Weinstein were plus Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, Barbra Streisand. Before O'Brien and the President spoke, a House Of Cards spoof video with Kevin Spacey (playing a ruthless U.S. Congressman) was shown. “Conan is the best we can do,” he laments. “It must be so hard to write jokes about a town that already is one.”
Related: Hollywood Guest List: 2013 WH Correspondents' Dinner
Mercifully, no Lindsay Lohan or Kim Kardashian buzzed this year's WHCD. But Motion Picture Of America Association chief Chris Dodd got schooled as he had to wait his turn for a photo opp with Bradley Cooper. Red Carpet arrivals included Gerard Butler, Claire Danes, Sharon Stone, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Steven Spielberg, Amy Poehler, Connie Britton, Tracy Morgan, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Josh Radnor, Tim Daly, Jessica Pare, Psy, Katy Perry, Jon Bon Jovi, Michelle Dockery and Dan Stevens, Kerry Washington, Kate Mara, Tony Goldwyn, Ty Burrell, Aasif Mandvi, John Oliver, Rebel Wilson who told CNN she received a personal letter inviting her to dinner from First Lady Michelle Obama. Hard at times to separate the fake from reality. As Scandal creator Shonda Rhimes just tweeted: “Am about to be in the same room with both my fake President and my real President at the same time.” Missouri U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill tweeted plaintively: “Wondering if my husband will pay any attention to me on our anniversary since sitting w/ Olivia Munn and Nicole Kidman.” C-Span was snarking the snoozefest with #NerdProm. But not even Rahm Emanuel worked the room like Tracy Morgan. 1600 Penn's Josh Gad and Veep's Julia Louis-Dreyfus hung out with House Of Cards star Spacey and show Executive Producer Beau Willimon. The producer tweeted a pic of himself with his boss Netflix content chief Ted Sarandos, a Bloomberg guest. NBC's Go On might have had a rocky first season but star Matthew Perry still holds some sway in DC. People lined up to get their pic with him seated next to West Wing colleague Brad Whitford.
Related: Video: President Obama's WH Correspondents Dinner Speech
Related: Video: Conan O'Brien's Shtick At WH Correspondents Dinner
Related: Video: President (As Daniel Day-Lewis) In Spielberg's Obama
Related: Video: House Of Nerds WH Correspondents Dinner Spoof
LucasUP: Yeah, it's a 32 bit app, so you need the 32 bit version of the library.Karoline: I'm not sure what could cause this. I've been testing with .31.12 myself. You should just need to have DF running with your save loaded (and optionally use 'loo(k)''s X cursor to choose a spawn point), and then just run DF2Minecraft. I haven't yet updated to the latest DFHack, so .13 or .14 won't work, but as far as I know some more work needs to be done on DFHack to determine all the new offsets on Windows.Jadael: Currently, if during conversion an ice wall or floor is seen, then the world is marked as 'snowy'. I'll add an option to either allow the detection (default) or to force it one way or the other.Mrbonich: if you are using the default settings, the program produces output for Minecraft Alpha, which is that whole 'World 1' directory. It will not create an 'out.mclevel' unless you change the settings file to tell it to output a level for Minecraft Indev (the version before alpha which had limited sized areas to play in, but supported taller levels). Just copy the 'World 1' directory into your minecraft saves directory ( users/ /app data/roaming/.minecraft/saves if on Vista / Win 7) and rename it to WorldX (no space) where X is 1-5, corresponding to the 5 save slots in game. Be careful to not overwrite a save slot that you care about.all:Japa gave me good idea about having templates for each material type, and then having 'shape' templates for objects like stairs and ramps. I would then for each location take the material and 'carve' out of it the shape for that location, be it a wall, a floor, a pillar, stairs, or whatever it happens to be. This will allow much easier material differentiation than the previous system, which would have required 40 to 50 entries in the setting file per material, whereas under the new system, each material will only be a one line entry.In addition to this (this was already working before starting on the idea from Japa), it will be possible to have buildings rotated depending on the surrounding tiles. For example, chairs will be rotated to face a table next to it, or rotated to face away from a wall if no tables are nearby, instead of always facing north. Currently, doors, floodgates, chairs, coffers, cabinets, vertical bars, wall grates and torches are altered depending on surrounding tiles. What isn't done yet, is applying the same system to walls, so that if there is a diagonal hallway, the wall shape can be automatically altered to allow passage.I want to finish up those features, and then if DFHack's latest version is working with .13 and .14 by then, also include the latest DFHack library before the next release. Hopefully that will be sometime early next week, but when testing Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft, sometime you lose hours of timeAlso, like Notch, I've been bitten by the Civ 5 bug.
Todd "T.J." Lobraico, 22, of New Fairfield, died in Afghanistan while serving with New York's Air National Guard.
A 22-year-old New Fairfield man was killed in the line of duty while serving with New York's Air National Guard in Afghanistan.
Todd James “T.J.” Lobraico died this week. His family was notified this morning, town officials said.
According to the U.S. Department of Defense, Lobraico died from wounds sustained when enemy forces attacked his unit with small arms fire near Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan.
Lobraico grew up in Sherman and was a 2008 graduate of New Fairfield High School. He was a four-year member of the Future Business Leaders of America and worked with the Rebel Press, according to the school superintendent.
High school teacher Chris Welter described Lobraico as kind and compassionate.
"It was this compassion and sense of honor and duty that led him to proudly serve his country," Welter said in a statement. "Our community and our country have lost an amazing young man."
His stepmother, Diane Lobraico, was the assistant tax collector in New Fairfield until earlier this summer, according to the office of the First Selectman.
His father, also named Todd, is an officer with the Stamford Police Department.
“I am heartbroken for the family. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family,” said New Fairfield First Selectman, Susan Chapman, in a statement.
Gov. Dannel Malloy ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in Connecticut.
"This loss reminds us of the dangers faced by our men and women stationed overseas. We should all be grateful for their service and sacrifices to our country," Malloy said in a statement.
While in high school, Lobraico participated in several charitable causes, according to FBLA advisor Joe Gargano.
A candlelight vigil for Lobraico will take place in New Fairfield on Saturday at 6:30 p.m., just prior to the town's 9/11 remembrance ceremony, according to town officials.
Community members from both Sherman and New Fairfield are invited to attend.
Caught in the Act: Tea Party Hires Actors for Fake Anti-Environment Protest
by David Guest / Earth Justice
From the perpetually busy “We Are Not Making This Up Department” here at the Florida Earthjustice office, we bring you an odd news item: It seems that opponents who don't want the state to buy Everglades conservation land from Big Sugar actually hired actors to pretend to be protesters outside a government meeting.
The actor-protesters were exposed when a political group called Progress Florida released a screen shot of a local acting association's “help wanted” posting on Facebook, offering $75 a day for folks to pose as protesters. The ad called for “Background Talent” and spelled out the job:
“Details: Basically to stand behind fence, holding banners or signs that will be provided. Clothing is almost anything!! Use common sense and don't wear “club” outfits or gym clothes. Just wardrobe for a Political Rally…We will pay CASH of $75 at end of shoot.”
The post has since been taken down, but here's the screen grab:
This Facebook group advertised for actors to protest a government purchase of Everglades land for conservation. Photo courtesy of Facebook
The Palm Beach Post reports that the protest was sponsored by Tea Party of Miami and a group called Florida Citizens Against Waste.
It's not clear who, exactly, paid the actors to show up outside the South Florida Water Management District, which is under pressure from actual local citizens who want the government to buy the land and use it as a place to store polluted agricultural runoff to help clean up the great marsh. This runoff is the same phosphorus and nitrogen-laden water I've written here, here and here about before in this space—the source of the green slime outbreaks on Florida's east and west coasts.
“Big Sugar supporters hiring actors to pretend to protest is pathetic,” said Progress Florida executive director Mark Ferrulo. “Someone should ask who is paying for artificial sweetener to make polluting the Everglades and our drinking water easier to swallow.”
That's a good question.
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Late last night, Apple released its latest transparency report, covering government requests for the second half of 2016. There were a number of new sections in the report — including more data on emergency requests, account deletions, and non-criminal data demands — but what stood out most was the section on National Security Letters, a controversial legal method used to secretly demand customer data. That section included a surprising line item, reporting a single declassified national security letter from the US government. The same report revealed more than 5,000 such requests in the second half of 2016, all still classified for reasons of national security. For some reason this one had lost its classified status. What could it mean?
Unfortunately there's still not much hard data beyond what's in the report. While the order is no longer classified, it's still secret, possibly under court seal or another judicial protection. Apple declined to give any details on the nature of the request as a result. But there's reason to think the order isn't quite as unique as it looks, and this kind of abrupt declassification isn't limited to Apple.
Apple has received more than 10,000 National Security Letters since 2015
The declassification is most likely the result of the USA Freedom Act, a surveillance reform bill passed in 2015. The law orders a periodic review of all the decisions made by the FISA court, which rules on all classified surveillance requests. That includes National Security Letters, which are typically classified and subject to complex gag orders preventing companies from describing them in any detail. If a given letter no longer needs to be classified, the review will declassify it, removing the gag order on the target company.
The law is nearly two years old, but we're still figuring out exactly how that review will work in practice — but yesterday's announcement is just the kind of declassification you'd expect. The first declassifications started rolling in during June 2016, just as the window on Apple's latest transparency report was opening. According to transparency reports, the company has received more than 10,000 National Security Letters since 2015 — so it's no surprise that there would be one ready for declassification.
Like most privacy victories, it's bittersweet
We've seen other tech companies go through this process. In June 2016, Yahoo revealed three National Security Letters it received from the FBI, made public after a Freedom Act review. Six months later, CloudFlare made a similar announcement, revealing a single letter after a long legal fight and Freedom Act review. Twitter revealed two declassified letters, while Google revealed eight, most of which asked for the name, address and length of service for the targeted account.
But while the declassifications have been trickling in for a while, companies still don't seem quite sure what to do with them. Yahoo got clever, changing its block reporting from “0-499” to “1-499,” but with declassifications coming in years after the fact, there's no clear standard for how to report a declassified letter. Apple's letter is another try at how you might share the news, but even then, it's left users with more questions than answers.
In the background of all of it is the frightening reach of National Security Letters overall. Despite Apple's full-throated defense of privacy in the San Bernardino case, most iPhone users still store vast amounts of data in iCloud, where it's accessible to warrant requests. A National Security Letter means federal agents can get access to that information without ever presenting evidence in public court. Even if the order is ultimately declassified, it will be years before anyone's aware of it. Apple's declassified order is good news, to be sure, but it's just one out of thousands of such orders, made public only after years of legal work and an uphill legislative fight. Like most privacy victories, it's bittersweet. Despite the best efforts of Apple and others, there's still a lot of secrecy in how law enforcement accesses remotely stored data — and chipping away at that secrecy is still very slow work.
The Department of Defense (DoD) spent nearly $43 million to build a gas station in Afghanistan that should have cost no more than $500,000 according to a new report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR). Additionally, DoD is unable—or unwilling—to provide a justification for its decision.
DoD's Task Force for Business and Stability Operations spent $42.7 million between 2011 and 2014 to construct a compressed natural gas (CNG) automobile filling station in Sheberghan, Afghanistan. (You may recall Sheberghan as the site of an unfinished, hazard-filled teacher training facility built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that we blogged about two years ago.) The station includes two dispensers/four hoses, one CNG trailer filling point, a car conversion center, an administrative office building, and gas compression and processing equipment. It is currently being operated by a private company, Qashqari Oil and Gas Services.
SIGAR determined that the project should have only cost between $200,000 and $500,000. That means we taxpayers overpaid by as much as 10,750 percent. Incredibly, overhead costs accounted for about 70 percent ($30 million) of total project expenditures, according to the report.
According to SIGAR, the Task Force had neither considered the feasibility of the station nor the “potentially considerable obstacles to the project's success” prior to starting construction. The report forecasts a bleak future for the station: the area lacks the infrastructure needed to transmit and distribute natural gas, and the cost of converting gasoline-powered cars to run on CNG is prohibitively expensive for average Afghanis.
DoD did not provide SIGAR with an explanation for the exorbitant cost or answer other questions concerning the project. Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense Brian P. McKeon told SIGAR that the March 2015 closure of the Task Force resulted in his office “no longer possessing the personnel expertise to address these questions.”
McKeon's statement particularly rankled Special Inspector General John F. Sopko. “Frankly, I find it both shocking and incredible that DOD asserts that it no longer has any knowledge about TFBSO [the Task Force], an $800 million program that reported directly to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and only shut down a little over six months ago,” he wrote to Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter. The report calls McKeon's claim of ignorance “unconvincing” and accuses DoD of hindering SIGAR's investigation. Apparently, the contentious, counter-productive relationship between SIGAR and the Pentagon that we've blogged about before hasn't improved.
SIGAR plans to issue additional reports on the Task Force's activities and spending in Afghanistan. As for the gas station boondoggle, Sopko promises “to shed additional light on how this program operated, what it achieved, how this enormous amount of money was spent,” and, most ominously, “whether any conduct by TFBSO staff or contractors was criminal in nature.”
Nick Clegg has blamed the rise of the SNP - rather than his own leadership - for his party's devastating general election defeat, in an LBC interview.
The former Lib Dem leader said voters had "played safe" by backing the Tories to prevent a Labour/SNP government.
He said he would have quit as leader a year before polling day if he thought it would have made a difference.
And he had "no regrets" about coalition with the Tories, in his first interview since standing down as leader.
Follow all today's political developments on Politics Live
Mr Clegg said he feared David Cameron was undoing much of what his party achieved in coalition and that the Conservative Party had also been "gobsmacked" by the election, which he said they had not expected to win.
The Lib Dem leader said his first reaction on seeing the exit poll predicting the near-wipe out of his party, was to reach for a cigarette for the first time in months.
'English heart'
His initial disbelief at the poll's predictions quickly turned to despair and a "grim realisation that this was going to be an absolutely terrible night".
He worried first about whether he would retain his own seat before realising he had to "take responsibility" and began to call close colleagues, such as Danny Alexander and David Laws, to discuss the results and how badly the pollsters had got it wrong.
He said it had been a "strange" election campaign and although the party had not remotely expected to do as badly as it did they felt the Conservative strategy of talking up the prospect of Labour/SNP government was having a big effect in England.
"Ten days before the election day all of us really felt a Labour government dancing to the tune of the SNP really chilled the English heart," he told presenter Nick Ferrari.
Asked about reports in The Guardian that he had considered quitting as leader a year earlier, after his party's disastrous results in local and European election results, he said he did not believe "changing personnel at the top of the party " would have changed the general election result.
The former deputy prime minister denied he had destroyed his party, which saw its number of MPs reduced from 56 to just eight, insisting it would bounce back.
But he said they had paid the price for "putting country before party" in 2010.
'Punitive'
Asked what the party had achieved in government, he said: "We had a strong and stable government, anchored in the centre ground for five years at a time of outright economic peril."
But he was concerned the Conservatives were now pursuing an "illiberal, punitive" approach to issues like child poverty and protecting the poor from welfare cuts.
He had been most proud of figures suggesting the "attainment gap" in schools was closing, with poorer pupils doing better, something he claimed was a direct result of Lib Dem policies such as "the pupil premium".
And the thing he most missed about being deputy prime minister was "making decisions" that would improve the country.
Asked a question suggested by former sparring partner Nigel Farage - if he regretted winning his Sheffield Hallam seat - Mr Clegg said he wanted to serve his constituents for the next five years and play an active role in the debate on Europe and other issues he cared about.
'Distraught'
But, as for his future, he said would "take it one Parliament at a time".
Mr Clegg had to be persuaded to carry on as Lib Dem leader a full 12 months before the general election, according to The Guardian.
But was talked in to staying on by Lord Ashdown and Tim Farron, who is now bidding to be the party's next leader.
Mr Farron told The Guardian that when he spoke to Mr Clegg after the 2014 local and European polls he found him "just distraught about everything" and "he felt personally every single loss".
"I just thought this could end up in a bloodbath and we're far better off sticking with the captain who has done nothing to deserve this," he said.
Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who was forced out by current campaign manager Paul Manafort and had to settle for appearing as a regular on CNN, gleefully targeted Manafort on Tuesday after the revelation of Melania Trump plagiarizing part of her RNC speech from Michelle Obama's 2008 DNC speech.
Hilariously, Lewandowski, who famously refused to apologize to then-Breitbart writer Michelle Fields after grabbing her, then called her “delusional” and attempted to savage her reputation, said:
You don't need to apologize. You need accountability. That's what a good leader does, holds people accountable. I've been held accountable in this campaign; other people should be held accountable in the campaign, You don't need to apologize, but you need to fix it so it doesn't happen again. Who's to say that this same staff person isn't involved tonight and doesn't make the same mistake again?
Lewandowski was asked, “Corey, who are you talking about needs to do this? You're talking about Donald Trump need to do this or are you saying that Paul Manafort needs to do this?”
Lewandoski replied, “I think Paul needs to take a deep look inside and understand what the process was, make sure that the protocols are in place, make sure that there is a check and balance of every speech that is going to go forward. Whoever signed off, was the final sign-off that allowed this to go forward, should be held accountable.”
Queried, “And if it was Paul Manafort, he should be held accountable?” Lewandowski knifed Manafort: “I think if it was Paul Manafort he'd do the right thing and resign.”
The female host, stunned, stumbled, “You think Paul Manafort will resign if – he is the last person –”
Lewandowski interrupted, “If he is the last person who saw this, and saw this happen, and has brought this on the candidate's wife, I think he would resign because I think it's the kind of person he would be.”
Video below:
Most American People have a mild form of Retardation
About 90% of Americans have a slight degree of retardation due to the genetic mutation passed down over the last 500 years which has thrived in America.
Americans cause most of the huge problems in the world, with the obvious exception of Africa and their general lifestyle and heritage of violence. Part of this is due to the retardation and part is due simply being raised in a putrid environment such as any American big city or small town.
Some people have the unfortunate problem of being retarded or having down syndrome. A good estimate of 80% of these “developmentally disabled” people are faking their problem due to a terrible nurturing and upbringing by their inept parents.
Many of the fakers are called autistics. All together, this group is branded “developmentally disabled” by the American government.
Developmentally disabled people fake their retardedness because they are then entitled to free everything from the government. They fake being autistic and retarded to say goodbye to the future of an illustrious career as a McDonald's table cleaner and say hello to free everything forever.
The American people stand for this and even create special organizations for these people. Americans create retard ramps instead of stairs to lay out the red carpet for these fakers.
They even create the special Olympics which are an event that glorifies the faking of a mental illness and general retardedness. Only in America does the government and people glorify a supposed mental illness which creates more and more fakers, people who rip off taxpayers money to lead a life of no work, all play, and all-you-can-eat ice cream.
Retards infest every single square mile of America and breathe the valuable air and drink the precious water that they don't deserve which makes retards just one of 58 reasons to hate America.
Advertisements
The Campaigner-in-Chief, Barack Hussein Obama launched his $1 billion re-election campaignyesterday. This is the first shot in what will be the most important battle in modern day politics and one that will determine the future of our great republic.
Consider this: In just 2 years, Obama took over much of the American healthcare system, auto industry, banking industry, housing industry and student loan industry among others. His Administration's pro-European style government added a whopping $3.6 TRILLION to the national debt. THIS WAS JUST TWO YEARS! Now just imagine what 8 years would bring.
His campaign is expected to break all records with a campaign fund eclipsing $1 billion. Much of this money will come from his comrades in Big Labor. That's right, a bulk of his campaign cash will come from the very unions we are fighting right now in Wisconsin, Ohio, Florida, Indiana and many other states.
We have been fighting to expose the radical Obama agenda from the beginning and have been leading the fight against the union protestors in these key states.
Our ads and videos are reminding the American people that their tax dollars pay the salaries of these public union protestors that skip work to demand more benefits and higher pay even though they already receive more than the private sector.
Read more of the newsletter here: http://goptrustpac.wordpress.com/2011/04/05/unions-and-obama-kickoff-2012-election/
Ireland flanker Chris Henry is facing an uncertain few weeks after it emerged that the suspected migraine he suffered was in fact a blocked blood vessel in his brain.
Ireland flanker Chris Henry is facing an uncertain few weeks after it emerged that the suspected migraine he suffered was in fact a blocked blood vessel in his brain.
The Ulster forward was due to start Ireland's dramatic victory over South Africa but had to pull out after he began suffering from head pains on the morning of the game.
The medical team believed that he was suffering from migraines brought on by a viral illness but have now determined that Henry suffered a temporary blockage of a small blood vessel in his brain.
"He is at home now and is well but needs further investigation and specialist opinion," the IRFU said in a statement.
His participation in next year's Six Nations defence is now in doubt as he expected to be out for a number of months.
Henry impressed as Ireland's regular openside flanker through last term's Six Nations-winning run, replacing the long-term injured Leinster back-rower Sean O'Brien.
With O'Brien again sidelined this term, the dogged Ulsterman was in line to continue his blossoming loose-forward partnership with Jamie Heaslip and Peter O'Mahony.
Rhys Ruddock claimed his first Ireland try against the Springboks, stepping in for Henry at the last minute two weeks ago.
The Leinster flanker, son of former Wales international Mike Ruddock, could now come back into contention to face Australia in Dublin on Saturday.
Ireland's injury update bulletin also confirmed Mike McCarthy suffered a concussion in Sunday's 49-7 victory over Georgia in Dublin, and the Leinster lock will now undergo the return to play protocols.
Centre Jared Payne will test out the progress on his foot sprain by running under observation on Monday afternoon - further evidence the Ulster back remains in contention to face the Wallabies.
Hooker Rory Best is now back to full fitness after calf trouble that sidelined him from the Springboks match, and the experienced front-rower could well now start from the off against Australia this weekend.
Online Editors
Housed in a 16th century building in the historic center of Lyon, France is the Musée Miniature et Cinéma, a 5-story museum containing over 100 miniature film sets. The tiny scenes were produced by world-renowned miniaturists and contain the highest form of Hyperrealism in order to trick the audience's eye into believing each set was indeed life-size.
The handcrafted models contain all the minuscule features that would be found in the film's actual scene, from fake mold inhabiting peeling walls to scratches seen behind tiny bedposts. The props in the museum's scenes are also placed with incredible accuracy, disheveled books in libraries propped against each other at just the right angle, and miniature Charles Eames chairs that would even fool the designer. Accurate within these scenes is also their relationship to outside light, windows accentuating or distilling the light to position the set in the right time of day, geographic location or season.
“The subtle lighting arrangement, the painstaking replication of old textures, the use of the same original materials, all contribute to the creation of a moving poetry that resonates with each new miniature panorama,” explains the museum's website.
If you don't happen to be traveling to France anytime soon you can see more images of the meticulously detailed scenes on the Musée Miniature et Cinéma's gallery page here. (via Beautiful/Decay)
The introduction of several new MyCiTi routes since November 2013 has seen an impressive 89% growth in passenger numbers, highlighting the demand for quality public transport in Cape Town.
Monthly passenger trips grew from 402 880 in November 2013 to 761 000 in February 2014. During this time, new services were launched to Melkbosstrand, Century City, Camps Bay and Hout Bay, while some minibus taxi and existing bus services were removed in these areas.
With the recent addition of the Atlantis area route and expansions into the Cape Flats likely to be built this year, will MyCiTi see over a million monthly passenger trips in 2014?
This growth has lead to the number of buses on certain routes to be increased. The most popular routes during this four-month period were the 214 Table View route to Big Bay, the 102 Salt River service, and the 251 Century City route.
Punctuality has been identified as commuters the greatest frustration with the service. The A01 Airport service, the 216 area route in Table View and the 105 route between Sea Point and the city centre were the most punctual routes, while the 101 route to Gardens and Vredehoek, the 214 route to Big Bay and the 251 route in Century City were identified as the least prompt.
As can be viewed at our visualisation of transport statistics in Cape Town, private transport is remaining the most poplar option of commuting around the city. However, if the impressive passenger growth of my MyCiTi continues, it will make a dramatic impact to the transport behaviour of Capetonians.
Dispelling some myths about Bitcoin, from a Bitcoin fan
L.M. Goodman Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 16, 2014
Many people who don't know much about Bitcoin, or who have a poor grasp on economics, have severe misconceptions about Bitcoin. I do not attempt to dispel those myths here because many others have already done so. Rather, I'd like to dispel a few myths that are pervasive in many people who are generally knowledgeable about Bitcoin.
While some of you may find that more than a few of these myths are “obvious”, they have all been included because I've encountered several otherwise intelligent people who believed them. If they do not enlighten you, at least let them be a reminder to dispel those misconceptions when you encounter them around you.
Myth #1: Satoshi solved the Byzantine Generals problem which was thought impossible to solve!
Fact: The consensus problem isn't that difficult, it's about who's allowed to take part in it.
There is a wealth of literature on the Byzantine Generals problem, and many solutions have been proposed. The solutions to this problem are indeed often quite complex — unless they are synchronous and use public key cryptography. With the use of public key cryptography (such as the elliptic curve signatures used in Bitcoin but also SSL and countless applications) and synchronicity the problem is considered trivial: it boils down to a majority vote[1]. As Ben Laurie points out[2], the problem that the block chain attempts to solve isn't how a consensus should obtain but who should be a part of that consensus. If, say, IP addresses, were used as the consensus group, an attacker could control the chain by controlling a large swath of IP addresses, an attack known as the Sybil attack. The consensus group for Bitcoin is hashing power, a scarce resource.
Myth #2: The proof-of-work system is great because it incentivizes miners to upgrade their equipment, thus a lot of computing power is powering Bitcoin.
Fact: These upgrades do nothing to increase the transaction processing capacity of the Bitcoin network.
Let's start with what upgrades do accomplish. The race to build more hashing power (by developing ASICs for instance) means that the cost to pull off a 51% attack on the network increases. In this respect, the network is more secure. Note however that the amount of money spent on mining and mining equipment must be approximately equal, in the long run, to the amount of bitcoin paid in transaction fees or created through mining. Given off chain transactions, this could dwindle to very low levels in the future. However, the processing power itself doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is that something expensive is being irreversibly spent, to make it hard to attack the network. Spending money on computing power has the nice property that you can easily prove it online, but the computations themselves are deliberately done on worthless problems. Emphatically, this computational power is not used to validate transactions, an operation which only takes a modest amount of computing power. More hashing power does not mean that the Bitcoin network can process more transactions per second or process them faster.
Myth #3: Bitcoin is a math-based currency / is backed by math.
Fact: Bitcoin is based on a clever set of incentives.
Part of Bitcoin is indeed math based: its cryptography. Cryptography makes computational guarantees based on widely believed (but not yet proven) mathematical conjectures. For instance, Bitcoin payments rely on signatures which are computed using exponentiation (or multiplication, depending on how you think about it) in an abelian group. Faking those signatures would require solving the discrete logarithm problem in elliptic curve groups, a problem that the mathematical, computer science and cryptographic community considers very unlikely to be solvable efficiently on a classical (non quantum) computer. In this context, “not efficient” does not mean “too costly” or “impractical”, it means that the amount of computing power needed to solve those problems reaches literally astronomical proportions.
However, the cryptography in Bitcoin is the easy part. The safety of the Bitcoin protocol strongly relies on the impracticality of forking the block chain. The assumption made is that miners are incentivized to behave honestly with pecuniary rewards. This makes it costly to attack the system, and even gives a would be attacker an incentive to still behave honestly. This set of incentives is carefully balanced to maintain honesty in the system and avoid conflicts of interests. This really is the heart of the block chain, and it relies on game-theory not mathematics. Yes, game theory is a branch of mathematics, but to call Bitcoin a “math-based currency” because of its reliance on game theory would be like calling plumbing “biology based” since plumbers happen to be biological organisms. There are no mathematical or even computational guarantees, only a set of incentives. This isn't to say that the design of incentives in Bitcoin isn't clever or even artful, but to call the currency math-based, or worse math-backed, is either dishonest or ignorant.
Myth #4: The proof-of-work system is completely decentralized
Fact: Trust is still involved in the system
One idea behind the block chain is that anyone download Bitcoin for the first time can identify the real block chain from its forks by simply looking at the chain starting from the genesis hash and totaling the most hashing power. This means you do not need to extend trust to anyone… once you have downloaded the Bitcoin client. But where should you download the Bitcoin client? How do you know bitcoin.org isn't controlled by malicious attackers? Well perhaps you could look at the developer's signature of the binary or at the source code. But how do you know who the official developers even are? You could Google that information and find that much reputable news organization all seem to agree that a certain “Gavin Andresen” is one such developer. But then again, perhaps the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, Bloomberg, the Financial Times, Al Jazeera, Xinhua, the Guardian, Pravda, Google, Yahoo, Bing, Duckduckgo, etc are all conspiring to trick people into downloading a version of the Bitcoin software with the wrong genesis hash and perhaps a different proof of work function. They could succeed provided that you don't notice that this network has no Bitpay, no Coinbase, no Bitstamp, etc.
Obviously, I am not trying to argue that you cannot reliably download the “real” Bitcoin client, such a conspiracy is ridiculously unlikely. But this operation isn't decentralized, it relies on a distributed consensus among reputable peers — something that seems anathema to the ethos of Bitcoin. One could argue that Bitcoin minimizes the reliance on this consensus, by making it a one time thing… but this consensus is required every single time a new client joins the network.
Perhaps the right answer is that the reputation based, distributed trust mechanism works reliably at low frequencies (on the scale of months to years) while the proof-of-work mechanism works best at high frequency (10 minutes for Bitcoin). While I have a lot of sympathy for Ripple's distributed ledger (which is similar to the mintlets described by Ben Laurie [3]. No, I'm not referring to the network of credit line that ripple maintains, but to the consensus system, which is totally orthogonal to it), I think the right answer is probably a mix of technologies. Bitcoin's checkpoints for instance, while inelegant, make use of the low frequency trust mechanism to complement the safety of the proof of work system. But this also means that much of the first-principle type of objections to proof-of-stake mechanisms, are too theoretical.
Myth #5: A decentralized system is safe
Fact: not necessarily
Decentralization implies that you do not need to trust anyone a priori, but you may have to trust someone a posteriori. Indeed, the bitcoin ecosystem has degenerated into a distribution of hashing power where ghash.io holds nearly 50% (and recently as much as 51%) of the hashing power. They could collude with any another pool manager (or be forced to collude by an attacker, such as a government) to obtain a majority of the hashing power and launch a 51% attack on the chain. This does not seem particularly safer than explicitly choosing a set of reputable organizations. Is a group such as the Wikimedia foundation, the Swedish Pirate party, Wikileaks, and, say, the University of Hong-Kong more or less likely to collude than the current pool operators? If we are to believe developper Gavin Andresen, this is not such a big deal because ghash's incentives are to behave honestly. In this case, why bother at all with a cumbersome proof of work system? Let us have ghash sign every block and be done with it; the system would be far more efficient, much cheaper and just as safe.
Myth #6: The Bitcoin ledger is just a technology, it has nothing to do with politics.
Fact: Proof-of-work crypto-ledgers are primarily designed to withstand attacks by governments. It is the only advantage of a proof-of-work decentralized crypto-ledger over a centralized or polycentric one.
A distributed ledger signed by a hundred reputable organisations throughout the world, or a decentralized variant based on stake ownership would be far more efficient than a decentralized one using proof of work. What exactly is the threat model against such a system?
If you think governments essentially are nefarious institutions, and that the Bitcoin proof-of-work ledger could be a powerful tool in liberating the economy from their grip, you may be right. But if you think (as a famous VC does — or at least claims to) that they are a fantastic invention that is much bigger than envisioned by their cooky, fringe, libertarian makers, then you are simply not understanding the technology.
The machine will be delivered by renewable energy firm OpenHydro.
A CONSORTIUM INCLUDING Irish renewable energy developer OpenHydro has won a contract to supply a huge tidal turbine to the Japanese government.
The group, which also includes a business owned by one of Japan's largest electricity companies, has been chosen by the Japanese environment ministry to supply the turbine to be installed at Naru Strait in Goto City in the Nagasaki district.
The 2 megawatt, two-storey high turbine will be built in France and shipped to Japan. It is estimated that it could power between 400 and 500 homes for a year.
The subsea base for the unit will be manufactured by a local company, which will also be responsible for all mobilisation and deployment activities, while Dublin-based OpenHydro has created a Japanese offshoot to manage and oversee the delivery of the project.
More development
The turbine will function as a ‘test' for the site, and Openhydro has suggested that there may be opportunities to deploy more turbines in Japan.
In a statement, it said that OpenHydro Technology Japan will “also lead development activities in relation to future commercial-scale schemes”.
OpenHydro chief executive James Ives added that the turbine “will be the first commercial-scale tidal device to be deployed in Japanese waters”.
“In future, we will manufacture devices for commercial-scale arrays in Japan, underlining again the potential of the industry to create jobs and economic benefit where significant tidal resource is available.
“As such, this test device is an essential step in the development of a tidal industry in Japan.”
Source: Openhydro
Renewable developer Kyuden Mirai Energy, which is a subsidiary of electricity utility giant Kyushu Electric Power, is also part of the consortium, as well as an association of 55 local companies that supports the marine renewable energy field.
Other projects
Openydro has several other pilot projects underway and recently deployed two prototype tidal turbines in France.
Earlier this year the firm tapped shareholders for €47 million as it aims to commercialise its technology.
OpenHydro is majority owned by French naval systems designer DCNS, which provided the majority of the capital during the shareholder cash call.
As well as major projects in France and Canada, the company plans to develop a huge tidal array in Northern Ireland.
Comic-Con: Sonic Screwdriver Universal Remote Control By Lora Grady
Time Lord Technology Now Available In Your Media Room
Calling all Dr. Who fans! The must-have media accessory of the year is being shown at Comic-Con this week: the Sonic Screwdriver Universal Remote Control. This ingenious gadget is the brainchild of a partnership between The Wand Company and BBC Worldwide, and it is exactly what it sounds like: a TV remote control modeled after The Doctor's iconic tool, the sonic screwdriver. This gesture-based remote is a picture-perfect recreation of the well-know prop from the beloved BBC series, which debuted in the 1960s and has since become a long-running staple of science fiction television.
Really, the remote has to be seen to be believed: the components are molded separately and connected seamlessly; there are no visible screws or connectors to mar the versimilitude of the reproduction. It feels very substantial when handled, and during use it generates a number of sound effects that viewers will happily recognize from the show.
I talked with Chris Barnardo and Andrew Green of The Wand Company during my visit to the BBC America booth on the floor of the Comic-Con exhibit hall. Both are British, and they spoke enthusiastically about their lifelong connection to Dr. Who. Chris gave me a quick tutorial in how the remote works: you get started in practice mode to learn the basics of the command gestures, which are more or less logic based. For example, when pointed at iTunes in play mode, a flick of the remote to the right will skip the music track forward, while twisting the remote to the right or left will increase or decrease playback volume. When the basic gestures have been mastered, the user can then train the remote to work with their existing home theater setup. The remote can store up to 39 commands, providing control for a number and range of media devices.
It might very well be bigger on the inside...
Technology lovers will be drawn to its novelty and ease of use, but the Sonic Screwdriver is really meant to appeal to Dr. Who loyalists, and it's clear that it was crafted with hard-core fans in mind. In fact, the remote's design was drafted in response to requests from fans, who saw The Wand Company's first offering, a magic-wand remote control (the Kymera), and lobbied for the sonic screwdriver option.
Fannish details of the screwdriver/remote include a standby mode wherein the remote beeps out a morse code message every 1,963 minutes - the 1963 is in homage to the year that Dr. Who initially debuted on the BBC. It comes with a very detailed user manual, which could be considered a collectible on its own. Also included is a display case that complements the remote's design and would be a point of pride in any fan's media room.
The Sonic Screwdriver Universal Remote Control will be available beginning August 31, when it will be released exclusively for the first 60 days at ThinkGeek and the BBC America shop for US buyers, with other exclusive retailers carrying the product for the UK market. It will cost $99.95 - but really, for Dr. Who fans, the opportunity have a piece of Time Lord technology for their very own should be considered priceless.
Germnay win 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup after beating Nigeria 1-0 in the final
Ed Ran FOLLOW ANALYST News 8.55K // 25 Aug 2014, 11:50 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter Flipboard Reddit Google+ Email
Germany's U20 team that won the Women's World Cup
Germany have added to their tally of international tournament wins in 2014, this time the FIFA U20 Women's World Cup.
They beat Nigeria 1-0 in the final at Montreal's Olympic Stadium with Lena Petermann scoring the solitary goal in extra time. This is the third time they have won the trophy, equalling the United States of America who also won it three times.
The player of the match was goalkeeper Meike Kamper who kept the Germans in the game despite being outplayed for the majority of the game.
Nigeria dominate game but fail to convert chances
Nigeria had dominated proceedings, always creating chances but failing to convert them. They were also the physically better side in this match. Germany also missed a couple of good opportunities to score through set pieces.
But Germany scored the winner eight minutes into extra time thanks to their captain Pauline Bremer. She stole the ball from Nigeria left-back Gladys Abasi, made her way to the byline before cutting it back for Petermann to score from the edge of the six-yard box.
Germany coach Maren Meinert was over the moon after the result: “The players and I spent the whole summer cheering on the men's team and their success definitely motivated us.
“We didn't necessarily expect to follow them and be standing here as champions, but we're very proud - and the quality of teams we've beaten along the way makes us especially proud.”
Match highlights
Advertisement
Credit: 247Sports
Cornerback Cedric Collins committed to Texas A&M in August 2012, just before the start of his junior year at Skyline High School in Dallas.
After the playoffs that year, numbness in his legs led to a trip to the doctor; that trip to the doctor led to a haunting diagnosis: Collins had a rare congenital cervical abnormality.
He would never play football again.
However, even though Collins will never suit up for the Aggies in College Station, the school has decided to honor his scholarship, according to Kate Hairopoulos of The Dallas Morning News.
Head coach Kevin Sumlin said the following:
Per Hairopoulos, Collins lost feeling in his legs during a routine play against Plano in November 2012, during the Class 5A playoffs. He thought it was a normal, minor leg injury, but orthopedic surgeon Andrew Dossett diagnosed him with Klippel-Feil syndrome, "a rare congenital fusion of vertebrae."
"It's exceptionally rare to have this abnormality," Dossett said, according to Hairopoulos, "and be that good of a football player."
Realizing his playing days were over, Collins still took a visit to Texas A&M in January 2013, at which point Sumlin notified the family that he would remain faithful to the scholarship offer. As long he attended Texas A&M, tuition payments would be taken care of.
According to Hairopoulos, the decision on whether to honor Collins' oral agreement was up to the discretion of the university, per the NCAA bylaws:
A&M has no stated policy on how to handle situations like Collins', since oral commitments are nonbinding for the school and the athlete. NCAA bylaw 15.5.1.3.1 allows that if an athlete suffers injury or illness before his athletic participation and won't compete again, he does not count against the institution's maximum financial aid award limitations for current and later years. SEC schools are required to submit statements from the athlete's physician when applying for medical exemption.
Collins, who was a 3-star prospect, according to 247Sports, will work as a student coach at Texas A&M, hoping to eventually get into coaching as a long-term endeavor.
He will still be part of the program and might still have a future in football, despite not being able to take the field. And Texas A&M did this despite not being forced to, dispelling the notion that all college programs are heartless, soulless guilds that only care about young men who can help them win football games.
That is a very cool thing.
Whether it has been finding a secret advantage, making a secret alliance, or secretly blindsiding a fellow Hustler after the tribe-swap, 23-year-old Ryan Ulrich has been at the center of a lot of the action that has taken place on Survivor: Heroes v. Healers v. Hustlers this season.
As the game enters It's next big phase with the merge on Wednesday night, we were able to catch up with Ryan for an exclusive mid-game Q&A to get his thoughts on everything that had gone down so far. Read on as he explains the thinking behind all his biggest moves and shares the backstory on that red turtleneck. Not only that, but we have some exclusive new merge photos as well, so feast on those!
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: What was the feeling like knowing you had made it to the merge and that phase of the game?
RYAN ULRICH: Survivor is an emotional game and every moment on I had on Survivor was special. Making the merge is a milestone and any player who makes it to that point in the game has done something correctly. I think everybody has doubts about themselves going in, and everyone fears going early. I went to four Tribal Councils pre-merge so I couldn't believe that I was able to fight through it and make it to one of the best moments a player can have in the game. I was just elated, I couldn't put that merge buff on fast enough. Hands down, one of the best moments of my life.
Robert Voets/CBS
We saw you approach Devon very early on to make an alliance with him. Why Devon?
Without question, Devon is genuinely one of the best all-around individuals I have ever come across. He possesses such a caring nature and spirit, which is rooted in compassion and selflessness. He would never say anything like that about himself because he is such a humble kid, but I cannot commend him enough.
When I was looking for the advantage during the marooning, Devon made the decision to immediately jump overboard for the tribe so other Hustlers could throw him supplies and food so he could put them into our boat. At camp, he was just great to be around. Devon and I lead different lives, but we found so much common ground in talking about music, our families, and we made each other laugh so much. I am a better person for knowing Devon, and I am sure that feeling is ubiquitous for people after Devon has played a part in their life.
Over the last two votes, you essentially chose Chrissy over Ali. What in your view at that time made her the better person with which to move forward?
Ali is a terrific person and a savvy player. She is incredibly well rounded, and she has so many attributes and qualities which she can rely on in the game. However, Devon and I did not completely trust Ali. On day 8, the Tribal [where] Patrick went home, myself and Devon went to Patrick and proposed voting off Ali, but Patrick refused and was adamant on voting out Lauren, which Devon and I never truly considered doing. So we cut our losses and voted out Patrick.
With that being said, if there is no super idol, I 100 percent, without a doubt, vote out Chrissy and then Roark, and go to the merge with Ali and JP. I would have had zero reason to side with Chrissy and I would have continued to develop trust with Ali. I simply chose to keep Chrissy because I knew that being the one to start an alliance is better than having an alliance started for you. I was the one who decided to give Chrissy the super idol, I was the one who decided to save Chrissy when she got two votes at the first Soko Tribal Council. I had told Devon about the idol on day 2 and gained his trust, and I gave the super idol to Chrissy on day 3 and gained her trust. So I viewed myself as being the person who used a tool to endear two people to me in hopes that they would remain loyal.
Robert Voets/CBS
What was your best move in the pre-merge stage of the game?
I knew that the Super Immunity Idol was going to lose power after the first Tribal Council, so I wanted to be proactive and build a bond with somebody on my tribe. I felt like guaranteeing to somebody that they would not be the first boot was powerful, and I had nothing to lose because it was either going to go away to somebody else or lose power. The worst-case scenario I ran through my head was if I did not build a bond with somebody on my tribe, and then the person I gave it to was voted out at a later Tribal before I get the chance to meet them.
I wanted to maximize the use of this advantage, so I tangibly showed Devon that he could trust me and that I wanted to work with him. In terms of who to give it to, I wanted to give it to somebody who I didn't think was on the bottom, and I could align with at a future date — that person was Chrissy. I got lucky that Chrissy and I ended up on the same swapped tribe and I gained Chrissy's trust by explaining why I gave her the idol and the action showed her that she could trust me. I went to four Tribals pre-merge, voted correctly in every one, and didn't get a single vote cast against me — I was proud of that.
What was your worst move in the pre-merge stage of the game?
I think people would pinpoint to me leaving Ali out of the Roark vote, but I wouldn't. I did not want to run the risk of Ali telling Roark, and leaving the possibility of Roark, who is incredibly intelligent, trying to flip the vote on me. I even went up to Ali and floated the idea of voting out JP, but I immediately got shut down. I think Ali wanted to go with the Healers, she wanted those numbers and to get in with Desi, Jessica, and Roark. I think that's a great plan for Ali, just not a great plan for me. Also, I thought that if I included Ali and it was myself, JP, and Chrissy, then Chrissy could target me with JP and Ali, and send me out of the game with her thinking being that now nobody knows about the Super Idol being fake.
I needed Chrissy to tangibly see that Ali wanted her out of the game, by Ali writing Chrissy's name down. I wanted Chrissy and JP to know that Ali was against them, and that would not have been visible to them if Ali had been included on the Roark vote. The thing that bothers me the most is that I left both Yawa and Soko without the immunity idol. I looked diligently for the Yawa idol, but I never came across the clue that was painted on the back of one of the trees. We swapped earlier than normal, so I was upset that I left Yawa with the idol still there. I am 99 percent sure there was an idol at Soko; Roark had told us that Joe had the idol and we were fairly certain he played it at that Levu tribal council. So I believe it returned to Soko beach, but it was never found.
Robert Voets/CBS
Finally, do you really wear red turtlenecks back in New Jersey on a regular basis?
I really like wearing turtlenecks, but I rarely wear colors like that. It's funny, I didn't buy that specific turtleneck for the show. I had it for a while but never had worn it. One day I was going out and I put it on to wear. Before I left, I looked at myself in the mirror and took it off immediately, the color just really didn't appeal to me. I don't usually wear such vibrant colors, I like wearing neutral colors. A couple months later that was the only shirt I had and it is now one of my most treasured possessions — weird how life works.
For more Survivor scoop, follow Dalton on Twitter @DaltonRoss. Also, make sure to check out our 35 Reasons to Love Survivor, 35 Best Survivor Challenges Ever, and 35 Former Players Share Their Favorite Memories.
Nine arrests have been made in Northern Ireland in connection with a series of life-threatening arsons at police officers' homes.
Officers from the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) were targeted between April and July last year. Their vehicles and homes were attacked and in some cases destroyed.
Detectives searched properties in Antrim, Armagh and County Down this morning (February 21).
Six men and three women aged between 20 and 51 have been arrested on suspicion of offences including arson with intent to endanger lives, theft, conspiracy to cause an explosion and possession of drugs with intent to supply, a PSNI statement said.
Detective inspector Keith Gawley said: "The suspects have been taken to Musgrave Police Station for questioning and a number of items have been removed for further examination."
He added: "This investigation also focuses on offences involving drugs."
Dressed in a blazer and gray slacks, Eagle Scout Rex Tillerson — better known as the CEO of Exxon Mobil — approached the podium during a national meeting of the Boy Scouts of America at a Grapevine hotel last year.
The organization's delegates had just voted to allow openly gay youths to join their troops and earn their merit badges. And Tillerson began laying out next steps in the same forthright tone with which he delivers financial results to shareholders.
“So we've made the decision we're going to change. Now what?” he said. “No winners or losers. After we make the decision to change, it's the mission.”
In between deals with Arab sheiks and Russian oligarchs, not to mention managing a flow of oil large enough to power Brazil, Tillerson has remained steadfast in his devotion to the Boy Scouts since he took over Exxon Mobil eight years ago.
In 2010, as Exxon and other companies were still reeling from the crash in oil prices during the world economic crisis, he agreed to serve as president of the Scouts at a time the organization was taking increasing heat over its position on homosexuality. He served for two years, at the same time Exxon was completing what could be a transformational deal to drill in Russian Arctic, before stepping down in 2012.
Among other titans of the energy world, the Exxon CEO's history with the Scouts as a boy is well-known. Ray L. Hunt, the chairman of Hunt Consolidated and a longtime friend of Tillerson, said after hearing Tillerson talk about the Scouts and its emphasis on leadership and discipline that he came to consider his own lack of interest as a child a “shortfall.”
“To understand Rex Tillerson, you need to understand Scouting,” Hunt said.
The image of Tillerson as an ever-polite Boy Scout adept at lighting a campfire with just a pair of sticks runs counter to his image among the public as a ruthless corporate executive hellbent on extracting oil whatever the environmental cost.
But those who know him maintain that the Boy Scouts code might as well be describing Tillerson when it instructs its members to be “trustworthy, loyal, helpful….”
Even with a compensation package that topped $28 million last year, the Exxon CEO is a regular at soliciting donations for the Scouts' annual jamborees, said real estate developer Ross Perot Jr., an Eagle Scout himself and a friend of Tillerson's.
“When Rex Tillerson calls me with his schedule, as busy as it is, to talk about Scouting, it's very impressive,” he said.
Ties that bind
Tillerson's close ties to the Scouts were evident last year when he took the stage to address the decision to allow gay youths to join.
The Boy Scouts of America declined to make board members or professional staff available to discuss their well-known Scout. And Tillerson, through the public relations office of Exxon Mobil, also declined to be interviewed.
Despite increasing pressure from gay rights advocates, Exxon has refused to create a specific policy barring discrimination against gay employees, as many Fortune 500 companies have done. Nonetheless, Tillerson was instrumental in lobbying the Scouts' board to accept openly gay youths, said John Hamre, president of the Washington think tank Center for Strategic and International Studies, of which Tillerson is a board member.
“I can't get into the intimacy of these conversations. But he agonized over this. He prayed on it, and ultimately he came to the conclusion the only thing that can guide him here is what's best for the young boys,” he said. “I think he became a key leader in helping the group come to a consensus.”
Tillerson's connection to Scouting extends back before he was even born 62 years ago.
His parents met at Boy Scout camp as teenagers. His father, Bob, worked at the camp and met his mother, Patty, while she was visiting her brother; sparks flew over a sing-along.
After serving on a battleship during World War II, Bob returned to North Texas and eventually took a full-time job with the Scouts, a career that would span four decades.
As the family moved between Boy Scout offices in Wichita Falls, Stillwater, Okla., and Huntsville, Scouting was ever-present for Tillerson. As a child and into adolescence, he racked up not just merit badges but some of Scouting's highest awards, designated for leadership abilities and dedication.
To this day, Tillerson lists his rank of Eagle Scout on his résumé. And he maintains a reputation in the business world for honesty and straightforwardness, traits some interpret as proof that despite his success and wealth, he remains a Boy Scout to his core.
Hunt, who met Tillerson when they worked on a joint oil and gas drilling project in Yemen in the 1990s, recounted how the government there had threatened to hold up their project if they did not back down on a contractual dispute over natural gas royalties.
The opportunity was there to speed up the project by bribing a customs official, but Tillerson and Hunt refused, Hunt said.
"In Yemen, it was not uncommon for large foreign companies to pay small bribes to custom officials to expedite the importing of machinery," he said. “He has the courage of his convictions, and he will never do anything that creates a short-term gain at the price of a long-term loss.”
Environmental heat
In public appearances, Tillerson maintains a pragmatic, ever-polite tone that even his most ardent critics admit is eminently likable. During a 2008 Today show segment at the height of the oil price spike, Tillerson, in his steady Texas drawl, addressed his company's record profit and allegations of price manipulation by oil companies.
“We've got to try and do a better job of explaining this to the American people,” he told host Matt Lauer.
That was a long way from his predecessors. Lee Raymond was famous for his blunt, sometimes rude demeanor — he once cut off a visibly ill nun speaking at an Exxon shareholder meeting. And in an interview with Time magazine in the aftermath of the Exxon Valdez spill, Lawrence Rawl quipped, “We would have liked to recall the oil off the Prince William Sound. We called, but it didn't hear us.”
Tillerson has had his moments, too. Last year he took heat from environmentalists when he explained how efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions would hinder global economic development.
“We do not see a viable pathway with any known technology today to achieve [the CO2 reduction] that is not devastating to economies, societies and people's health and well-being around the world,” he said. “What good is it to save the planet if humanity suffers?”
The comment was blasted as self-serving; reducing CO2 emissions would mean burning less of Exxon's oil. But it was still a decided departure from Raymond's efforts to undermine the science of climate change itself.
Kert Davies, a former Greenpeace activist who has spent years researching Exxon's operations, said Tillerson has adopted a less hostile and “smoother” tone on global warming; his policies are another matter.
One morning this summer at Exxon's annual shareholder meeting at the Meyerson Symphony Center, Tillerson was gliding through the lobby shaking hands and posing for photos when he was confronted by a member of the Dallas Sierra Club.
The woman, Molly Rooke, wanted to know why Exxon Mobil employed hydraulic fracturing, considering the potential environmental damage. Tillerson's grin dropped; his bodyguards looked on nervously. But moments later, Tillerson was quietly explaining that he knew there were some “bad operators” out there, but hydraulic fracturing in and of itself wasn't dangerous. He assured Rooke that Exxon took safety seriously.
Afterward, Rooke said she was surprised how gracious Tillerson was. “He has a different position. But at least he's polite,” she said.
Merit-badge system
Tillerson joined Exxon in 1975. He had just graduated from the University of Texas, where he had encountered a campus at the tail end of the counterculture movement. But the young Tillerson mostly stuck to his engineering studies, playing in the marching band and Scouting, according to James Flodine, a Houston attorney and fraternity brother of Tillerson's.
Tillerson was a member of Alpha Phi Omega, a fraternity that up until 1968 accepted only Boy Scouts as members. Instead of throwing keggers à la Animal House, brothers spent their time wheeling disabled students around campus or acting as intermediaries between police and students protesting the Vietnam War.
“We were kind of nerds,” Flodine said. “Rex was one of those guys who just gave you a great feeling. But he went to school for a purpose, and it wasn't to drink beer and goof off. … When he was getting ready to leave, he told me he was going to work for Exxon, and I thought, he's an Exxon sort of guy.”
In Exxon, Tillerson found a highly regimented organization not dissimilar to the Scouts. The company traces its roots back to Standard Oil, founded in 1870, and is renowned for maintaining a corporate discipline and sense of continuity that is the envy of many oil companies.
One of his early assignments was as an engineer on an oil and gas field near Tyler. Decades later, employees who worked that field still approach Tillerson at shareholder meetings to trade gossip. “He still remembers everyone,” Jerry Russell said.
Since becoming CEO, Tillerson has brought some of Scouting to Exxon. As Steve Coll reported in his book, Private Empire: Exxon Mobil and American Power, Tillerson has created a merit badge-like system at Exxon where employees earn coins for skills like teamwork and leadership, sometimes to the amusement of those beneath him.
But in public, Tillerson limits the flow of information about his connection with the Scouts — and his life outside Exxon in general. Those who know him say he avoids Dallas' moneyed social scene and would rather be watching a UT football game or at a rodeo. He used to act as driver for his wife, Renda, when she was still on the barrel racing circuit.
Earlier this year, Tillerson drew attention when he joined a lawsuit to try to stop the construction of a water tower close to his ranch in Bartonville. The lawsuit cited a potential increase in truck traffic from hydraulic fracturing operations nearby filling up with water. And Tillerson was quickly flagged as a hypocrite. He later dropped out of the suit.
Likewise, efforts to speak to people who know Tillerson met with continued roadblocks. Outside of a preapproved list of business and policy leaders, many who know him were reluctant to speak without approval from Tillerson's office. Scheduled interviews with the likes of AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson, also a Scout, were canceled at the last minute, often without explanation.
About three years ago, members of Tillerson's old Scout troop in Huntsville, where he graduated from high school, decided to put on a ceremony honoring his and his father's contributions to the organization.
They got approval from Sam Houston State University to host the event, and the invitation to the Exxon CEO went out.
Shortly thereafter, they received word he was declining.
“He kindly sent back a note saying he thought it was a little too much, that he didn't want to be the center of attention,” said Bill Dabaghi, an attorney in Washington, D.C., who grew up in Huntsville. “We put on [reunions] sometimes. It would be a wonderful thing to have someone like Rex Tillerson attend, but we haven't asked him. The idea is not to bug him. But we do feel he's a part of us.”
Follow James Osborne on Twitter at @osborneja.
Rex Tillerson
Age: 62
Birthplace: Wichita Falls
Education: University of Texas in Austin, class of '75
Career: Joined Exxon Mobil in 1975 as a production engineer. Assignments in Texas, Yemen and Russia. Succeeded Lee Raymond as CEO in 2006.
Honors: Former president of Boy Scouts of America. Awarded Order of Friendship by Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2013. Former director of the United Negro College Fund.
Three brothers who managed office information technology for members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and other lawmakers were abruptly relieved of their duties on suspicion that they accessed congressional computers without permission.
Brothers Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives Thursday, The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.
Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation's most sensitive issues and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism.
Also among those whose computer systems may have been compromised is Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida Democrat who was previously the target of a disastrous email hack when she served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 campaign.
The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members' computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress.
Jamal handled IT for Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat who serves on both the intelligence and foreign affairs panels.
“As of 2/2, his employment with our office has been terminated,” Castro spokeswoman Erin Hatch told TheDCNF Friday.
Jamal also worked for Louisiana Democrat Rep. Cedric Richmond, who is on the Committee on Homeland Security.
Imran worked for Reps. Andre Carson, an Indiana Democrat, and Jackie Speier, a California Democrat. Both are members of the intelligence committee, and their spokesmen did not respond to TheDCNF's requests for comment. Imran also worked for the House office of Wasserman Schultz.
Then-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, an Illinois Democrat, employed Abid for IT work in 2016. She was a member of House committees dealing with the armed services, oversight, and Benghazi. Duckworth was elected to the Senate in November, 2016. Abid has a prior criminal record and a bankruptcy.
Abid also worked for Rep. Lois Frankel, a Florida Democrat who is member of the foreign affairs committee.
The three men are “shared employees,” meaning they are hired by multiple offices, which split their salaries and use them as needed for IT services. It is up to each member to fire them.
A criminal investigation into five unnamed people began late last year related to serious and potentially illegal violations of House IT policies, Politico reported Thursday. Chiefs of staff for the members were briefed Thursday by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Capitol Police spokeswoman Eva Malecki said the investigation was still ongoing, and arrests have not been made but staff were “asked to update their security settings.”
Buzzfeed reported that the Sergeant-at-Arms told staff that the subjects were four men who were brothers and one woman. It did not name them. It quoted one of the affected members as saying “they said it was some sort of procurement scam, but now I'm concerned that they may have stolen data from us, emails, who knows.”
Jamal did not return a request for comment from TheDCNF at a personal email address, while emails to House addresses in the three men's names bounced back Friday.
Abid, Imran and Jamal have all shared a house in Lorton, Virginia, that is owned by Hina R. Alvi. Alvi is a female House IT employee who works for many of the same members as the three brothers, as well as the House Democratic Caucus.
Signs of trouble have long been visible in public records. The Congressional Credit Union repossessed Abid's car in 2009, and he declared bankruptcy in 2012, facing multiple lawsuits.
Alvi, who did not respond to TheDCNF's request for comment, has taken multiple second mortgages.
Security-sensitive jobs typically require background checks for credit and legal problems that can create pressures to cash in on access to secret information and documents.
Jamal, who public records suggest is only 22 years old and first began working in the House when he was 20, was paid nearly $160,000 a year, or three times the average House IT staff salary, according to InsideGov, which tracks congressional salaries. Abid was paid $161,000 and Imran $165,000.
Jack Langer, spokesman for the intelligence committee, said the committee office has its own IT staff and security measures and classified information from the panel is not allowed to be sent to members' personal offices.
Follow Luke on Twitter. Send tips to luke@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Before the Spitzer space telescope launched on 25 August 2003, a lot lay hidden in the dark corners of the Universe. One of Nasa's four Great Observatories (other siblings were Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, the Chandra X-ray Observatory, and the Hubble space telescope), Spitzer was different in that it was designed to detect the Universe's infrared radiation, in which cooler things like planets appear relatively brighter, and hot things like stars relatively dimmer. This allows it to peer into interstellar dust clouds and stretches of deep space that appeared unexciting to ordinary telescopes.
The telescope has studied comets and asteroids, it has helped to detect far-flung galaxies, and it even discovered soccer-ball-shaped carbon spheres called buckyballs. It was the first to detect light coming from a planet outside our solar system, and discovered the largest of Saturn's many rings. Even though it ran out of the helium coolant needed to use its far-infrared detectors in 2009, two detectors have continued to provide striking images of the Universe.
Nasa says that Spitzer will continue to explore the cosmos in its second decade of operation. For instance, it will attempt to examine a small near-Earth asteroid named 2009 DB to better determine its size, which the space agency says will help them understand potential candidates for its asteroid capture and redirection mission.
But for now, we at BBC Future want to wish Spitzer a very happy anniversary, and celebrate this by showing some of its most memorable images over the decade.
If you would like to comment on this slideshow or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
Profit-making colleges would receive taxpayer funding to teach students unproven alternative remedies such as homeopathy, flower essence therapy and iridology under the Abbott government's proposed higher education reforms.
The move comes as the government considers stripping the private health insurance rebate from any policies covering natural therapies not supported by evidence.
Police believe there may be more sexual assault victims yet to come forward.
As well as deregulating university fees and cutting university funding, the government's higher education reforms would extend funding to private colleges, TAFEs and sub-bachelor degree programs at a cost of $820 million over three years.
Accredited private colleges would become eligible for grants of $6323 a year for each student enrolled in courses such as homeopathy, naturopathy and mind body medicine. This is more than public universities would receive per student studying law, economics, languages or the humanities under the new funding structure.
The Obama Administration's kill list, a secret document which lists an array of people to be killed at the first opportunity, is the source of a lot of speculation, and who is on the list is not a matter of public record.
But the list's existence is no secret anymore, nor is the ambition of many in the administration to see it greatly expanded, with designs on setting the goal of killing a number of “Islamist militants” across Northern Africa and then creating the US military and/or CIA infrastructure to start getting those killings done.
The man to get this escalation done is Mokhtar Belmokhtar, the Algerian militant behind last month's hostage siege at a BP gas plant along the Libyan border. His addition would set a precedent that would mean a precipitous increase in US ambitions across northern Africa.
Belmokhtar is not believed to be on the list yet because there's simply no one to kill him. The CIA's drone campaign is restricted to Yemen and Pakistan, and the Pentagon isn't occupying Algeria.
This means getting him on the list, on the surface something most officials will feel is non-controversial, will mean putting something in Northern Africa to kill him. A drone base for the CIA is a possibility, and would need to include spies to track him down. A special forces invasion is another possibility, and a combination thereof might also happen.
But much as the death of Osama bin Laden didn't end the strikes in Pakistan, and much as the death of US citizen Anwar Awlaki didn't end the campaign against Yemen, the creation of the anti-Belmokhtar front in the global war on terror means creating a protracted assassination campaign in and around Algeria, one that will quickly expand well beyond the immediate target.
While most of the victims of the assassination campaign die anonymously and are forever labeled “suspects,” the reality is that once a new base of operations for killing people is set up, they never seem to have a shortage of potential targets, and adding a single man to the “kill list” in a new theater of operations is really setting the stage for killing hundreds, if not thousands, over the years to come.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
John McCain, the Republican senator and former presidential candidate, has called for a congressional investigation into America's “broken” National Security Agency, ahead of week in which the White House will announce its own reforms.
President Barack Obama will reveal a number of changes to the way the NSA and associated secret courts operate on Friday, concluding months of debate within the administration about the appropriate response to disclosures made by the whistleblower Edward Snowden.
The Obama administration is desperate to draw a line under the controversy that has engulfed the NSA over the last six months. The president's proposals are partly based on the findings of a major review, commissioned in the aftermath of the Snowden disclosures, which recommended, among other things, that the agency should no longer collect and store domestic phone records.
McCain told CNN on Sunday that Congress was probably going to need to pass legislation to implement Obama's recommendations, and was obliged to run its own investigation into the wider controversy over US surveillance.
“Is there anybody believes that this system is not broken in many respects? I think not,” he said.
“There has been overreach, it seems to me,” he added. “Sometimes these agencies have done things just because they can. I think we need a select committee in Congress to go over this whole scenario, because it does overlap many committees.”
Select committees are ad-hoc panels, often instituted to look into major scandals. They can have investigative powers and the authority to summons witnesses.
This is not the first time McCain has called for a congressional investigation into the NSA, pointing out, as civil liberty advocates have done, that existing intelligence committees have failed their mandate to hold agencies to account.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, has called from a congressional investigation modelled on the Church Committee, which in the 1970s looked into domestic surveillance. There appears to be little appetite in Washington for such a wide-ranging inquiry, but the White House is keen to maintain the support of prominent lawmakers.
Obama and his national security officials have in recent days met legislators, technology firms and privacy advocates to prepare the ground for Friday's announcement. “The debate is clearly fluid,” Democratic senator Ron Wyden told the Guardian after meeting the president on Thursday. “My sense is the president, and the administration, is wrestling with these issues.”
The intelligence community has been engaged in its own last-minute lobbying, seeking to persuade the White House to hold back from implementing any substantial changes to the way it conducts surveillance, such as increasing the legal threshold required to search or obtain data pertaining to Americans who are not suspects.
The public debate has largely ignored the issue of surveillance on foreigners, which even Congress's critics appear happy to leave largely unchanged. An exception, perhaps surprisingly, has been Obama, who highlighted concerns raised by his review panel about the lack of regulations relating to foreign surveillance.
“In some ways, what has been more challenging is the fact that we do have a lot of laws and checks and balances and safeguards and audits when it comes to making sure that the NSA and other intelligence agencies are not spying on Americans,” he said in December.
“We've had less legal constraint in terms of what we're doing internationally … and the values that we've got as Americans are ones that we have to be willing to apply beyond our borders I think perhaps more systematically than we've done in the past.”
Why do people self-report an aversion to words like "moist"? The present studies represent an initial scientific exploration into the phenomenon of word aversion by investigating its prevalence and cause. Results of five experiments indicate that about 10-20% of the population is averse to the word "moist." This population often speculates that phonological properties of the word are the cause of their displeasure. However, data from the current studies point to semantic features of the word-namely, associations with disgusting bodily functions-as a more prominent source of peoples' unpleasant experience. "Moist," for averse participants, was notable for its valence and personal use, rather than imagery or arousal-a finding that was confirmed by an experiment designed to induce an aversion to the word. Analyses of individual difference measures suggest that word aversion is more prevalent among younger, more educated, and more neurotic people, and is more commonly reported by females than males.
Mercier and Sperber in a recent paper (citation) explain their theory that the function of reasoning is primarily successful group argument. They start with a careful definition of reasoning which is itself very interesting. Stripped to its basics, all inference is made by unconscious mechanisms so we cannot consciously know the way these inferences are made; and, when we need or want reasons for our inferences, the reasons are themselves unconsciously made inferences. ‘Reasoning' is a special process where plausible reasons are produced for holding some opinion and where reasons are evaluated for how well they support an opinion. Thus the reasons that are produced by reasoning may or may not be similar to whatever ideas causally were used unconsciously to reach an opinion. At this point it is reasonable to ask why we have a mechanism for producing reasons for an intuition which may or may not have anything to do with the actual intuition.
Mercier and Sperber used the concept of function to look at this question  what is the function of reasoning? How does the ability to reason enhance the evolutionary fitness of humans? If there are more than one function, which has been predominant in evolution. They take trouble to avoid ‘just so stories' and make concrete predictions for their theory.
The default function that has been accepted since the ancient Greeks is that the main function of reasoning is to enhance individual cognition. Another function that has been discussed in the past is that it helps to deal with novelty and anticipate the future. Their function (Argumentative Theory) is that reasoning enables people to exchange arguments that, on the whole, make communication more reliable and hence more advantageous, increasing fitness. They see reasoning as involved in social communication not individual thinking. (Although they take some time explaining what are valid and invalid evolutionary theories, they do not address, at least in this paper, the question of individual and group selection. Some ideas they use could be interpreted as either type of selection and if they wanted a group interpretation they would have needed to justify it as group selection which is not universally accepted.)
As has been featured in the Babel's Dawn blogs many times, the key to the origin of human speech is trust. Apes could probably have evolved speech if they could only trust one another enough to make communication safe. Mercier and Sperber say:
For communication to be stable, it has to benefit both senders and receivers; otherwise they would stop sending or stop receiving, putting an end to communication itself. But stability is often threatened by dishonest senders who may gain by manipulating receivers and inflicting too high of a cost on them. Is there a way to ensure that communication is honest?… To avoid being victims of misinformation, receivers must therefore exercise some degree of what may be called epistemic vigilance. The task of epistemic vigilance is to evaluate communicator and the content of their messages in order to filter communicated information. The interpretation of communicated information involves activating a context of previously held beliefs and trying to integrate the new with old information. This process may bring to the fore incoherencies between old and newly communicated information. When it uncovers some incoherence, an epistemically vigilant addressee must choose between two alternatives. The simplest is to reject communicated information, thus avoiding any risk of being misled. This may, however, deprive the addressee of valuable information and of the opportunity to correct or update earlier beliefs. The second, more elaborate, alternative consists in associating coherence checking and trust calibration and allowing for a finer-grained process of belief revision. In particular, if a highly trusted individual tells us something that is incoherent with our previous beliefs, some revision is unavoidable: We must revise either our confidence of the source or our previous beliefs. We are likely to choose the revision that reestablishes coherence at the lesser cost, and this will often consist in accepting the information communicated and revising our beliefs. But what if the communicator is not in a position to boost her own authority? Another option is to try to convince her addressee by offering premises the addressee already believes or is willing to accept on trust, and showing that, once these premises are accepted, it would be less coherent to reject the conclusion than to accept it. This option consists in producing arguments for ones claims and in encouraging the addressee to examine, evaluate, and accept these arguments. Producing and evaluating arguments is, of course, a use of reasoning. Reasoning contributes to the effectiveness and reliability of communication by allowing communicators to argue for their claim and by allowing addressees to assess these arguments. It thus increases both in quantity and in epistemic quality the information humans are able to share.
Now many will think that communication and argument is a small advantage compared to individual thought. Think of the moon landing and the more than 50 millennia of group argument and cooperation that built the skills and knowledge needed for great human accomplishments like it. Cooperation is an enormous advantage and next to impossible without means of establishing trust. Without safe, efficient, effective group communication we would have culture on the level of chimps.
Mercier and Sperber go on to give reasons why reasoning is not all that good at individual thought and very good at group argument. I found them fairly convincing. The paper is rich in references to experiments by many groups that support their case and worth reading  really an interesting paper.
Their conclusion:
Human reasoning is not a profoundly flawed general mechanism; it is a remarkably efficient specialized device adapted to a certain type of social and cognitive interaction at which it excels. There is an asymmetry between the production of arguments, which involves an intrinsic bias in favor of the opinions or decisions of the arguer whether they are sound or not, and the evaluation of arguments, which aims at distinguishing good arguments from bad ones and hence genuine information from misinformation. People are good at assessing arguments and are quite able to do so in an unbiased way, provided they have no particular axe to grind. In group reasoning experiments where participants share an interest in discovering the right answer, it has been shown that truth wins. In group tasks, individual participants come up with and propose to the group the same inappropriate answers that they come up with in individual testing. The group success is due to, first and foremost, the filtering of a variety of solutions achieved through evaluation. When different answers are initially proposed and all of them are incorrect, then all of them are likely to be rejected, and wholly or partly new hypotheses are likely to be proposed and filtered in turn, thus explaining how groups may do better than any of their individual members.
Individuals thinking on their own without benefiting from the input of others can assess only their own hypotheses. Individuals may develop some limited ability to distance themselves from their own opinion, to consider alternatives and thereby become more objective. Presumable this is what the 10% or so of people who pass the standard Wason selection task do. But this is an acquired skill and involves exercising some imperfect control over a natural disposition that spontaneously pulls in a different direction. The great achievements of human thought are collective and result from interactions over many generations. The whole scientific enterprise has always been structured around groups, moral achievements (abolition of slavery) are the outcome of intense public arguments. In group settings, reasoning biases can become a positive force and contribute to a kind of division of cognitive labour. In most discussions, rather than looking for flaws in our own arguments, it is easier to let the other person find them and only then adjust our arguments, if necessary.
I have noticed over my life that what is really important tends done in groups and orally: classroom teaching, legal trials, legislation, worship, pep talks etc. I thought that the main reason for this was the nature of oral language as opposed to written. After reading this paper I would add the value of group reasoning in establishing trust, agreement and best solutions.
Mercier, H., & Sperber, D. (2011). Why do humans reason? Arguments for an argumentative theory Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 34 (02), 57-74 DOI: 10.1017/s0140525x10000968
"You are not prepared." –Illidan Stormrage, The Betrayer
The battle between your favorite Blizzard characters is getting intense . . . and you can join the fray right now with the Heroes of the Storm™ Founder's Pack! This brand-new digital bundle gives you an array of exciting Heroes, Skins, and other in-game content to get you started on your path to victory in the Nexus, along with instant access to the Heroes of the Storm closed beta test.
The Founder's Pack includes:
THREE HEROES: Raynor, Diablo, and Tyrande
THREE SKINS: Commander Raynor, Lurkablo Diablo, and Blood Elf Tyrande
EPIC MOUNT: Golden Cyber Wolf
A STASH OF GOLD: 2,500 in-game gold to help unlock additional Heroes and other content
ACCESS TO THE NEXUS: Immediate access to Heroes of the Storm, beginning with the closed beta test
You can get all of this content and jump into battle now for $39.99—all you need to do to get in on the action is fire up the Battle.net desktop app and click on the Heroes of the Storm icon, or visit the Battle.net Shop.
The Founder's Pack gets you all of these Heroes and Skins at a discounted price, as well as the fierce and imposing Golden Cyber Wolf Mount, which can only be obtained through purchasing the Founder's Pack or the in-game Battle Bundle (also priced at $39.99).
You can also purchase the Founder's Pack in regions other than your own, but please be aware that all purchases, gold, player progression, and hero progression are tied to the specific region you play in and are nontransferable. Also, please note that Global Play has not been enabled for Heroes of the Storm yet, so you will only be able to play in the region in which you purchase your Founder's Pack.
The ability to purchase the Founder's Pack may be temporarily suspended at any time in order to ensure a stable testing environment for the game. If you need help or have a question, please visit our support site for more information.
There Are Many Ways to Join the Nexus
We're regularly inviting more and more players to the Heroes of the Storm closed beta—in fact, we're accelerating the pace! So if you don't have access yet and would like a chance to receive an invitation, make sure you've opted in to the beta test through your Battle.net Account Management Beta Profile, and keep an eye on the Battle.net desktop app or your email for an invitation.
You can learn about other ways to get in on the action in our “Prepare for Closed Beta with Fighting Words” blog. We also have more exciting stuff in store, including another epic giveaway, so make sure to stay tuned to our official site for updates.
We'll see you in the Nexus!
Parts of Naval Base San Diego were shut down Monday morning after K-9 units indicated there was explosive residue in a car on the Navy Exchange-Commissary compound. NBC 7's Sherene Tagharobi has the latest. (Published Monday, April 7, 2014)
Military police responded to the report of a suspicious vehicle at Naval Base San Diego Monday morning.
Officials evacuated an area near the commissary and NEX for a suspicious vehicle just after 6:30 a.m.
NBC 7 has learned the vehicle was found right next to the base package store, right across the street from commissary.
A K9 team was brought out and detected residue of a possible explosive. Officials then called in an Explosive Ordinance Disposal Unit from Coronado.
After several hours, EOD cleared the vehicle and reported that they had found no bombs.
The two affected gates in the area of 32nd and Main, Harbor Drive and 28th were closed for several hours while proper procedures were followed officials said.
All gates to the base were reopened by 11:30 a.m.
The owner of the vehicle was identified as a sailor. Officials detained and questioned the person after the vehicle was searched.
The base social media accounts initially alerted personnel that the Commissary and NEX have been secured.
Store managers were hoping to open doors by noon.
Tyler Zinn of Crooksville was involved in a crash on July 2 in Virginia. He suffered a subdural hematoma and needs to be flown back to Ohio so his insurance can cover his medical treatment. His sister, Shannon, started a GoFundMe page to help the family cover the flight and other medical expenses. (Photo: Submitted)
CROOKSVILLE - Tyler Zinn was headed to Virginia Beach on July 2 to see friends before tragedy struck.
Tyler, 20 years old, was driving on Interstate 64, near Richmond, Virginia, when he lost control of his vehicle and struck a tree. The crash led to an entrapment and emergency crews used the Jaws of Life to extract him from the vehicle, which took more than an hour.
Tyler was unconscious during that time and suffered a subdural hematoma, a traumatic brain injury where a pool of blood exists between the brain and its outermost covering, according to the Mayo Clinic.
He was transported to Virginia Commonwealth University Hospital in Richmond where hospital personnel discovered all of the nerves from Tyler's brain and skull had been sheared and there was a substantial amount of hemorrhaging throughout the brain.
His family needs financial assistance to transport him to Ohio. Medicaid won't cover the expense because Tyler is not a resident of Virginia and is not eligible for that state's benefits, according to the GoFundMe page started by his sister, Shannon, at https://www.gofundme.com/2dm6yjnw.
His father, Darren said Medway Air Ambulance of Lawrenceville, Georgia has agreed to fly Tyler home for more than $8,000. He needs to fly due to the medical staff and amount of equipment needed to monitor his condition during the transport, and Ohio State Wexner Medical Center has agreed to admit Tyler when he arrives.
The GoFundMe page also stated once Tyler arrives back in Ohio, he will be eligible for his Medicaid benefits as an Ohio resident to help with further treatment and follow-up care.
The family had raised $3,215 as of 3 p.m. Saturday. The goal is $8,700.
"OSU agreed to take Tyler even before they knew if he had insurance, and the people at VCU have been very helpful," Darren said. "We are doing the best we can, and we have faith in humanity. (Situations like these) brings out the best in people, and we appreciate everything people have and are doing for us."
Alan Wolfe, Tyler's passenger, was not injured in the crash and called 911 to report the crash, Darren said.
Shannon arrived to VCU late Sunday night/early Monday morning and Darren and his wife, Angie, have been with Tyler since Tuesday.
Darren said his son has been heavily sedated since the crash, but was removed from the ICP monitor, which measures the inner cranium pressure, on Thursday. His pressure was in the 70s earlier this week, while the average person is in the 20s and below.
There been some progress, but Darren said his son's survival remains 50/50, according to his doctors.
"He's doing better, and they have cut back on some of the medications," Darren said. "They didn't have to do any drilling and medicine helped control the swelling. When we arrived on Tuesday, the doctors told us he's in a fragile state."
bhannahs@zanesvilletimesrecorder.com
740-450-6763
Twitter: @brandonhannahs
Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/29ED9IN
Why bother with websites? Just ban atheism Article 24 of the Turkish Constitution states: “Everyone has the freedom of conscience, religious belief and conviction.”
In theory, the article covers the fundamental rights of each and every citizen. In reality, it gives no rights to atheists or non-believers, and very little to those who do not belong to the Sunni Muslim majority.
The latest proof of this fact is the ban on the website of the Atheism Association, Turkey's first association dedicated to atheism founded less than a year ago. An Ankara court earlier this week banned access to the website, citing an article in the Turkish Penal Code that forbids “provoking the people for hate and enmity or degrading them.”
Although www.ateizmdernegi.org has been banned, a mirror of the website (I will not make the courts' job easier by giving the open address) is still accessible and contains information about the association, its activities and contacts.
Article 216 of the penal code, on which the court based its decision, allows a ban on those who “openly provoke a group of people belonging to a different social class, religion, race, sect, or coming from another origin, to be rancorous or hostile against another group.”
A sub-clause of the article states “any person who openly disrespects the religious beliefs of a group is punished with six months to one year in prison if such an act causes potential risk for public peace.”
The association has a point when it says that Turkey's judiciary system is “drifting away from reason.” It is really hard to understand how an association's website giving information on atheism and its activities provokes hatred, unless Muslims in Turkey are simply provoked by the existence of non-Muslims. The court must have ruled that the website's information disrespects religious beliefs and causes a potential risk to public order.
The penal code article, just like the constitutional article, has turned into a tool for prosecuting non-Muslims.
According to information on the Atheism Association, Morgan Elizabeth Romano, its vice president, said last May at a conference in Bilgi University that there is a “double standard in Turkey”: “When an Atheist insults a Muslim he is punished. But when a Muslim insults an Atheist he is applauded.”
For example, linguist Sevan Nişanyan was sentenced in May 2013 to 13.5 months in prison for a blog post, in which he described Prophet Muhammad in a way that “degraded religious values.” The sentence is still pending appeal, but Nişanyan is already in prison, serving a two-year sentence on charges of illegally constructing buildings in Şirince. That sentence was approved shortly after his blasphemy conviction.
Months after the Nişanyan case, world-renowned Turkish pianist Fazıl Say was sentenced to 10 months in jail, again for violating Article 216. His crime was to retweet lines attributed to the medieval poet Omar Khayyam.
The lines that can get you a prison sentence in Turkey are: “You say its rivers flow in wine. Is the Garden of Eden a drinking house? You say you give two hours to each Muslim. Is the Garden of Eden a whorehouse?”
Also, a university student was sentenced to five months in prison for writing “F*** your religion,” without elaborating, on walls in the western city of Eskişehir during last year's May Day demonstration.
However, on the other hand, prosecutors have repeatedly decided not to pursue cases against Adnan Oktar, also known as Harun Yahya, a staunch anti-evolutionist who is famous for his dances with surgically-enhanced blonde women on his TV shows, as well as for his insults against atheists, evolutionists, materialists, Marxists, and many others.
Another prosecutor also did not pursue a complaint by the Atheism Association against Prof. Nihat Hatipoğlu, a scholar who became famous through his TV show. Hatipoğlu had said, “Even Satan, the biggest father of the atheists, is more clean then them [atheists],” a remark that according to the prosecutor fell within Hatipoğlu's “duty to inform the people regarding the Quran.”
The prosecutor even made a reference to Article 10 of the European Convention of Human Rights, saying that “freedom of expression has no boundaries and should be protected even if such freedom disturbs a major segment of the people.”
The formula for the Turkish judiciary is simple: Any remark on Islam carries the potential to disturb public order, but criticism of non-Muslims or non-believers is just freedom of expression.
So the solution is also simple: Ban atheism and treat all atheists as terrorists. We are halfway there, thanks to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who said on Feb. 28, 2014: “We opened a boulevard in Ankara on Feb. 24 despite the [protests of] leftists and atheists. They are terrorists.”
Banning websites is not a sufficient course of action in the fight against terrorism. As a citizen, I expect the government to take the issue seriously.
He already has eight championship rings and now legendary football coach Bud Grant is being added to one himself.
Grant will become the seventh inductee into the Winnipeg Blue Bombers' Ring of Honour. A ceremony will be held during halftime at the Bombers' next home game on Friday against the Edmonton Eskimos.
Grant, who started his playing career in the NFL with the Philadelphia Eagles, came to the Bombers as a player in 1953 and played for four seasons. He was named a West Division All-Star three times and set the CFL record for most interceptions in a playoff game with five — a record that still stands.
Bud Grant became the Blue Bombers' head coach at 29 and led them to six Grey Cup championship games, winning four (1958, 1959, 1961, 1962). (bluebombers.com)
Grant then traded in his cleats for a clipboard, becoming the team's head coach — and the youngest head coach in CFL history — at age 29.
Under his guidance, the Bombers appeared in six Grey Cup championship games from 1957-66, winning four (1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962). Grant racked up 102 regular season wins — still tops on the Bombers' all-time list — and was named the CFL's top coach in 1965.
A statue in his honour was unveiled at Investors Group Field, the Bombers' home stadium, in October 2014.
"I enjoyed playing so much. I enjoyed Winnipeg so much. I enjoyed my teammates so much. I enjoyed the atmosphere around the Bombers, Canadian football … everything — the town, the people. It wasn't only the football, it was the whole experience," Grant is quoted saying in a news release from the Blue Bombers about the Ring of Honour nod.
He was lured back to the NFL to become head coach of the expansion Minnesota Vikings, holding that position from 1967–83 and again in 1985, leading them to four NFC championships.
He is the third most successful professional football coach in history with 290 wins in the NFL and CFL combined.
Interestingly, Grant's first sport was basketball. He was drafted to the NBA in 1950, the same year he was drafted by the NFL's Eagles. He chose basketball and and was a member of the 1950 NBA championship Minneapolis Lakers.
After two seasons on the hardcourt, he decided to switch to football and contacted the Eagles, who welcomed him to the gridiron.
"Bud Grant is not only a legend around these parts, but a legend in Minnesota and across both the CFL and NFL as well," said Bombers president and CEO Wade Miller. "He is the first coach in history to appear in both the Grey Cup and Super Bowl. His accomplishments are truly incredible, and we couldn't be happier to add his name to the Ring of Honour."
The ring's other inductees this season include:
Chris Walby
Ken Ploen
Gerry James
Milt Stegall
Dieter Brock
​Leo Lewis
​The Bombers are adding one inductee at each regular season home game this season. Each following year, one alumnus per season will be added.
IS IT time chemists abandoned their white coats in favour of trowels? Ordinary earthworms are proving to be a sophisticated chemistry lab: they can put together substances with unusual light-emitting properties. It is the first time organisms other than fungi and bacteria have been seen to do this.
Mark Green at King's College London has spent his career making quantum dots – nanometre-sized chunks of semiconducting metals that fluoresce intensely because of the way their electrons behave. These quantum dots have been used to improve the efficiency of solar panels and build high-tech display screens. However, to be able to use them in the body – to track cancer cells, for example – intricate and expensive chemical processes are required that can reduce the dots' luminescence.
Perhaps no longer, though: Green has found that earthworms, fed the right chemicals, can serve as a natural production line for biocompatible quantum dots.
The discovery came as the result of an educated guess. Green knew that placing thiols – sulphur-containing groups of atoms – on water-soluble cadmium telluride dots made them more luminescent. When he learned that earthworms produce thiols that bind to metal atoms, he wondered whether worm-made quantum dots were a possibility.
Advertisement
Green got together with colleagues studying how earthworms process cadmium in contaminated soil that they eat. The team exposed the worms to cadmium chloride and sodium tellurite, and found that they moved the metals to their chloragogen cells – their equivalent of the liver.
After 11 days, the researchers removed the chloragogen cells, put them in water and exposed the mixture to a UV lamp. They found that it glowed green. To Green, that characteristic behaviour meant only one thing: “It said to me it was cadmium telluride quantum dots,” he says. Observations with an electron microscope showed that he was right (Nature Nanotechnology, doi.org/j4c). What's more, the dots were able to light up cancer cells in an imaging experiment.
The earthworms make quantum dots because they want the metals out, says Green. “It's a biodefence mechanism.”
Quantum dots had already been made in fungi and bacteria. The finding that organisms as complex as earthworms are capable of the feat opens up the prospect of using animals as natural factories. It is an intriguing idea, says quantum dot researcher Andrey Rogach at the City University of Hong Kong. But he notes that the worm-made dots do not glow for as long as ones produced synthetically.
Anil Suresh at City of Hope, a cancer research centre in Duarte, California, has made quantum dots using microorganisms. He, too, has reservations about using worms, saying they may not make the dots in practical quantities.
For Green, such concerns do not take the shine off the idea of using animals to tackle some chemical chores. “I just wanted to see if we could make luminescent nanoparticles in a living higher animal,” he says. He now hopes to improve the quality of the dots produced in this way.
MARIUPOL, Ukraine—A thunderstorm loomed over Mariupol on the afternoon of July 6. To the north, the sky turned dark and a cool pre-storm breeze kicked up as the sounds of distant thunder began to roll in.
A waitress at the Natalka coffee shop on Prospekt Lenina smiled and said, “It's only a storm. Not artillery.”
After a nearly five-month-long standoff, combined Russian-separatist forces announced on July 2 that they had pulled back from their positions in the embattled seaside town of Shyrokyne. Yet in nearby Mariupol, a city that has lived with war on its doorstep for more than a year, many residents are reluctant to believe that peace may be on the horizon.
“I hope, but I don't know,” said Olga Murza, 23, manager of the Natalka coffee shop. “We're tired of the fighting. People feel bad and lots of people have depression. We can hear the fighting every morning and every evening, and we don't know when it will end.”
“The situation is very bad,” said Andriy Viktorovich, a 27-year-old bartender. “Sometimes when the explosions are close and the windows shake I get scared. It's a crazy situation. Hope? I have little left.”
A July 3 post on the Ukrainian National Guard Azov Battalion Facebook page, which was attributed to the unit's leader and Ukrainian MP Andriy Biletskiy, stated: “The enemy has left Shyrokyne. Shyrokyne is Ukraine!!!”
“We all have paid a price—more than 60 KIA's and 200 WIA's,” the post continued. “And there is less speculation about (a possible) invasion of Mariupol.”
On July 2, a separatist representative to the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination announced the Shyrokyne withdraw. The Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination, which comprises representatives from Ukraine, Russia, separatist forces and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, was created to administer the September 2014 cease-fire and remained in place after the Feb. 12 truce.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine visited Shyrokyne on July 2 and confirmed the separatist withdrawal. In an earlier report, released on June 27, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe announced that no civilians were left living in Shyrokyne, which had a pre-war population of 1,347, and that 80 percent of its structures had been destroyed by the fighting.
Since July 2, the fighting around Mariupol has waned, leaving soldiers and civilians wondering what will happen next.
Ukrainian soldiers deployed to defend Mariupol largely view the combined Russian-separatist fallback with suspicion. According to Ukrainian soldiers in the area, the retreat was a tactical move to limit casualties or consolidate forces for a later offensive.
“The city is a zone of no control,” said Paul Moroz, a soldier with the Ukrainian National Guard Azov Battalion (recently upgraded to battalion from regiment), who is deployed to the area.
“We are still occupying our positions on the hill and waiting for the separatists to come back,” he added. “The separatists have pulled back to a hill, and Shyrokyne is free of separatists, but they can come back anytime.”
Ukrainian forces are mainly deployed along Shyrokyne's beach and on a hill that overlooks the town to the east in the direction of Mariupol. Ukrainian troops on the hillside location live in a network of trenches, while soldiers along the coast mostly occupy abandoned homes and other buildings to shelter from artillery and sniper fire.
According to Ukrainian military reports, combined Russian-separatist forces have abandoned vulnerable positions in the town center to limit casualties, but still currently have artillery and infantry positioned two kilometers away and on higher ground.
If Ukrainian forces moved into Shyrokyne's town center they would be vulnerable to artillery fire. The separatist fallback, therefore, has made Shyrokyne a ghost town with neither side willing to venture into no man's land.
“Occupying the city itself would be ineffective because we would be shelled,” Moroz said. “And their infantry is only two kilometers from the city, and they can come back any minute.”
Another Azov Battalion soldier called Shyrokyne a “catastrophic wasteland.”
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe recently urged Ukrainian and separatist forces to jointly work to clear Shyrokyne of mines and booby-traps, and some officials in Kyiv have suggested establishing Shyrokyne as a demilitarized zone.
Ukrainian troops deployed to the area, however, pushed back against the idea of demilitarizing Shyrokyne or cooperating with the separatists. Some soldiers claim the combined Russian-separatist forces may be concentrating manpower and equipment for an assault in another direction, possibly from positions to the north of Mariupol near Volnovakha in an attempt to encircle and cut off the city.
The Ukrainian Dnipro-1 Battalion recently released drone footage documenting the build up of a combined Russian-separatist base, including nine Russian T-72 tanks, near the village of Sontseve, about 40 miles northeast of Mariupol and along one of two main roads connecting the city to the separatist stronghold of Donetsk.
With the growing threat of a combined Russian-separatist offensive from the north, Ukrainian forces consider defending Shyrokyne to be a critical bulwark to protect Mariupol's eastern flank and also deny a high ground from which to shell Ukrainian checkpoints on the eastern side of the city.
As of July 6, Ukrainian forces in Shyrokyne have held their positions. Five-day front-line rotations, divided between different National Guard Battalions, continue as before and no significant redeployment of equipment or personnel has been observed.
For the residents in Mariupol, the lull in fighting is a respite from the constant sounds of war that have tainted life in this city for more than a year. Heavy fighting in August and September 2014, which included tank battles on the city's periphery, and a Jan. 24, 2015 Grad rocket attack on a residential neighborhood spurred many to flee.
And since February, the sounds of heavy weapons from the front lines, which are about 10 miles east of Mariupol's eastern limit, have become part of the normal background din. Those who remained have adjusted to life lived under the constant threat of attack. And while some see the combined Russian-separatist fallback as a positive move, many doubts whether it is a true bellwether for peace.
“Future? What future? I have no money, and I can barely afford to survive,” Viktorovich said. “The war has ruined everything. I'm young, and I feel like I have no future. But what can I do? I have to learn to live on a couple dollars a day.”
One indication of the evolving security situation in Mariupol is the pervasive military presence, which is markedly different than it was in March and April, when soldiers inside the city center were still an uncommon sight. It is also much different than in September 2014, when the first cease-fire was signed. At that time the Ukrainian military restricted troop movements in the city too nighttime to limit interaction with civilians.
Downtown hotel lobbies and restaurants, which have been near empty for months, are now filled with Ukrainian soldiers on leave or pass. At the Hotel Spartak in central Mariupol, groups of soldiers prop their loaded Kalashnikovs up against the walls as they eat omelettes and drink coffee at the breakfast buffet.
In the evening at a nearby restaurant on Prospekt Lenina, a line of painted camouflage SUVs is parked out front and the restaurant is filled with soldiers eating steaks. There is a nearly constant stream of military vehicles up and down Prospekt Lenina, the city's main thoroughfare.
The city's civilians have also acclimated. While many residents are privately concerned about the war, life goes on. The city's parks are filled with people, and beds of neatly planted flowers are blooming. Cafes and coffee shops are open.
The downtown movie theater is showing “Terminator Genisys” and “Jurassic World” told in Russian. Mothers push baby carriages on the sidewalks, and city benches are crowded with babushkas.
“People have lived with this for one year, and they have adapted,” Murza said. “You can get used to the shooting and the explosions.”
“But I feel like my life has stopped,” she added. Murza speaks fluent English and graduated last year from Mariupol State University with a degree in management and hospitality.
“I want peace because I have ideas and hopes for my future. I want to live my life and start a family, and I can't do anything because I don't know what will happen in a month or a year.”
BMW HP2 Sport
The essentials: 1,170cc, air-cooled, 8-valve boxer twin, 128bhp, 84ftlb, 178kg, 160mph
Why is it different: It's arguably BMW's first proper sportsbike. Only 150 were brought into the UK. Don't be fooled by the flat-twin engine, this isn't a tweaked R1200S. The HP2 Sport is what happens when BMW gave their technical boffins in the R&D department carte blanche and an open cheque book. Based on BMW's 24-Hour Endurance Racer; a higher compression ratio, forged pistons, a quickshifter and close ratio gearbox are just the start. The HP2 Sport is dripping with techno-porn; carbon fibre fairings, self-supporting seat unit, milled aluminium calipers and forged alloy wheels. It was the bike that paved the way for the S1000RR and is as exotic as a Brazilian lap-dancer sipping a Pisco Sour on a zebra-skin rug on the deck of your solar-powered catamaran.
Definitely buy one if: You're a speed junkie who can speak fluent latin.
Price: £14,495 new. From around £11,500 second hand.
Read BMW HP2 Sport review
Track T-800 CDI
The essentials: Three cylinder, 800cc turbo-charged diesel, 50bhp, 80ftlb, 214kg, 110mph
Why is it different: It's a diesel motorcycle and that, should just about be that. But it's not. The Track is Dutch-made, so that's another tick for your individual list. It's shaft-drive and uses a CVT, automatic gearbox - no clutch levers here. Track claim the T800 can deliver 140mpg. The only counter to that is the asking price.
Definitely buy one if: You'd rather put on another jumper than turn the heating on.
Price: £15,995
Brammo Empulse
The essentials: Permanent Magnet AC (PMAC) - Water Cooled, 270A, 47ftlb, 213kg, 100mph
Why is it different: It's an electric motorcycle, which means you're already different to 99.9% of other bikers, but you'll also be different to most other electric motorcycle owners too, as the Empulse is the first electric motorcycle to feature a water-cooled power train. The mechatronic propulsion unit has been designed to emulate the feeling and performance of a traditional internal combustion engine and it's not automatic either; it has a clutch and six gears. It'll cover 120 miles in the city or 56 miles flat-out before the battery needs charging and the juice costs around 1p per mile.
Definitely buy one if: You sort your rubbish into at least 5 different bins.
Price: £11,000 new
Moto Guzzi Stelvio 1200 8v
The essentials: 1,151cc eight-valve v-twin, 100bhp, 80ftb, 214kg, 140mph
Why is it different: It's Guzzi's answer to the GS but really it's the GS for people who don't want a GS. The Stelvio comes in two flavours, the 1200 8v and the Stelvio NTX. The NTX is more of a GS rival, with wire wheels and the whole adventure look. The 1200 8V is actually closer to a Tiger 1050, with its off-roady looks but road rims. The Stelvio features build quality to rival the Germans but the Stelvio makes the GS - and most other bikes of this ilk - look about as exciting as a tax return. It isn't trying to be cutting edge, it just does what it does. It's got masses of old-school charm and you can't buy that in a BMW showroom.
Definitely buy one if: Your CD collection contains: Brand New Heavies, Jamiroquai, St. Germain and Erykah Badu.
Price: £10,549 new. From £9,000 second hand.
Read Moto Guzzi Stelvio 1200 8V review
Click here for page 2 of 3.
The 2017 Temkin Trust Ratings (TTR) rates 329 companies across 20 industries based on a study of 10,000 U.S. consumers. This product is the dataset, in Excel, for the 2017 TTR. It includes data for all 329 companies and 20 industries, the changes in TTR between 2016 and 2017, and the difference in TFR across age groups for each industry. Here's a list of all of the companies (.pdf) and you can see a sample of the dataset (.xls).
H-E-B and Mercedes-Benz tied for the tops spots, followed closely by USAA (for banking and insurance), and Navy Federal Credit Union. Three TV/Internet service providers earned the lowest Temkin Trust Ratings: Time Warne Cable, Comcast, and Cox Communications. Eleven of the bottom 12 companies are either TV/Internet service providers or health plans.
Highlights of the 2017 Temkin Trust Ratings include:
The supermarket industry earned the highest average Temkin Trust Ratings (68%), followed by auto dealers (66%), and investment firms (65%).
TV/Internet services (36%) fell far below any other industries. The next lowest industries are health plans (50%), and wireless (53%).
The following companies outperformed their industry averages by 15 points or more: USAA (banks, credit cards, and insurance), Navy Federal Credit Union, Advantage Rent-A-Car, ACE Rent A Car, Mercedes-Benz, and credit unions.
The following companies fell at least 15 points below their industry averages: USAA (banks, credit cards, and insurance), Airbnb, RadioShack, Days Inn, Commonwealth Edison, Wells Fargo, and Kmart.
All 19 industries that were in both the 2016 and 2017 Temkin Trust Ratings made improvements over last year. The largest improvements were in utilities (+16 points) and auto dealers (+14 points).
Of the 280 companies in the 2016 and 2017 Temkin Trust Ratings, 98% of companies increased in score. Fujitsu, HSBC, Dollar, Advantage Rent-A-Car, Haier, Volkswagen, Subaru, and Dominion Virginia Power all increased by at least 25 points.
Allstate, Taco Bell, Time Warner Cable, Avis, JCPenney, and Wells Fargo are the only companies who did not see an increase in their ratings.
Dave Chong was caught off guard when police stopped him from casting his line along the waterfront near Ontario Place in mid-March. A professional angler, Chong, 53, has fished for pike in that very spot for more than 40 years — with a valid licence and in season, of course — but this is the first time he'd been told it's illegal.
Professional angler Dave Chong said he was taken by surpise when he was warned by police near Ontario Place that it was illegal under a federal bylaw to fish on the Toronto waterfront. Competing fishing bylaws make it difficult for anglers and authorities alike to figure out where fishing is legal along the waterfront. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR )
“Apparently you can fish if you're in a boat on the Toronto waterfront, you just can't fish from shore,” said Chong, a sponsored angler who has won numerous fishing tournaments with his motto “Fish hard! Dream big.” Patchwork ownership along the dock walls along with two competing fishing bylaws make it difficult for anglers and authorities alike to figure out where fishing is legal along the waterfront. The land along the waterfront belongs to the city, the Toronto Port Authority, the Harbourfront Centre, Ontario Place and a variety of private companies.
Article Continued Below
While it is illegal to fish on private property, urban fishing is allowed in city parks so long as there isn't a sign prohibiting it, according to section 603-38 of Toronto's municipal code. The TPA's rule is just the opposite. Its practices state “no person shall fish from shoreline unless in an authorized area designated by posted signs.” But the regulation doesn't mean much since the TPA currently has no fishing-designated zones along its dock walls. It owns less than 20 per cent of the waterfront. The Harbourfront Centre's land, which stretches from York St. to Portland St., posts signs banning fishing. Provincially-owned Ontario Place has been a popular fishing spot for years, but that is where Chong ran into trouble.
Ontario Place, which the government recently decided to close for revitalization, didn't respond to a request for information over the weekend. The rules are much more clear at city parks, such as Tommy Thompson Park at the foot of Leslie St., and the Toronto Islands. So long as there isn't a sign, people are allowed to fish.
Article Continued Below
“As long as somebody is fishing responsibly, on public lands we should be able to enjoy the resources,” Chong said, adding the police marine unit stopped him when there were only a few people around. While land ownership does restrict fishing by the water, solitary anglers aren't typically bothered down there, said Gord MacPherson, a manager at Toronto and Region Conservation. “But you can fish, and I encourage people to fish,” MacPherson said. “Fishing on the waterfront is great. People should do it more.” Waterfront Toronto, an organization funded by three levels of government to improve the lakeshore, seems to agree. In a 2006 marine use strategy plan, one of the points was to expand fishing by the water and perhaps create fishing piers. It's not clear which rule he broke, but Chong said he respected the officers' wishes and moved on. Chong, who releases most of the fish he catches, wants to encourage people to fish, especially city youth, he said, so he's written letters to the mayor and the agencies to try to get designated fishing zones. “When I grew up in the city my parents weren't well off and we didn't have a cottage to go to,” he said. “My ties to the outdoors, like fishing, are from whatever I could do in the city.” On an Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources list of 16 fishing hot spots in Toronto, the waterfront didn't make the cut.
What Everybody Is Interested In Hearing About
One of the most depressing discoveries of my extremely brief career in publishing has been that “the things I think are worth saying” and “the things people are interested in hearing” do not overlap as much as one might hope. Current Affairs doesn't keep track of pageviews, because I think it's a bad idea to be too click-focused. But I do have a rough sense of which articles are being read more than others; I can usually judge how widely a piece has spread from the number of angry tweets and emails I get about it, and I do sometimes check how Twitter and Facebook are responding to our articles. (Though I've stopped reading comments sections, because, as has been observed before, it's like opening the door to a room full of people who despise you and want to tell you every reason they can think of why you suck and know nothing.)
I do basically know, then, what gets read and what doesn't. And, well, it's fairly predictable. The most unpopular: articles about suicide, nuclear war, climate change, prisons, refugees, and the death penalty. The most popular: usually scathing attacks on horrible people like Hugh Hefner, Martin Shkreli, George W. Bush, Hillary Clinton, or Joe Arpaio. Or critiques of insufferable things that Liberals enjoy, like Hamilton, Vox.com, and The West Wing. And of course, during 2016, election analysis seemed to be more popular than anything else we did.
The best known way to get an article read, or at least shared/clicked on, is to try to piss as many people off as possible. If you write about nature documentaries, you'll be given far less attention than if you write about journalists who fawn over Nazis, even if the quality of the writing doesn't vary. (Having internalized this lesson, I put the word “NAZIS” in big letters on the cover of our latest print edition in an effort to drive newsstand sales. “Sex” and “Antifa” also appear.) The reading public is just far more interested in reading a good takedown than a thoughtful meditation.
I sound like I'm looking down my nose at this: I'm not. Because I'm much more interested in reading a good takedown. It's just far more enjoyable and satisfying. A well-executed mean book review is delicious, while a well-executed positive book review is just… a positive book review. It's also a lot easier to be funny when you're being critical, and I don't really like to read things that aren't funny. Humor is useful for showing the world's absurdities. It's a less helpful tool for showing its sorrow or its loveliness.
But biting criticism is actually important. I try not to lapse into doing too many “This Thing You Like Is Actually Bad” takes, but a lot of popular things are actually bad. And critics are important because they help people see things more clearly. A writer who is willing to tell it like it is, even if that means sounding like a curmudgeon, is actually an important friend to the alienated. They're there to reassure anyone who doesn't understand why everyone else seems to enjoy art, fiction, or music that is transparently worthless. So often, I've felt that I know I really don't like something, but I can't quite articulate why I don't like it. Critics come along to help us understand our own feelings; there's an incredible satisfaction and relief that comes when you are finally able to exclaim “Yes! That's exactly what it is!” We all feel better when someone dares to mention the various naked emperors in our midst.
Hating things is also just very pleasurable. It's probably shameful, but that doesn't change the fact. There's nothing like a good rant, and being outraged just feels good. Look how much fun Keith Olbermann has with his “Sir, this is an affront to the dignity of the nation!” There's a reason that Mic did so well on an outrage-based business model. Especially in a time when people feel incapable of political action, hating the bad things is a way to feel a little better. This partly explains why anti-Trump media does so well: Donald Trump has actually managed to make it simultaneously (1) morally right and (2) extremely satisfying to loathe him, and the combination means that there is good money to be made in capitalizing on those feelings.
But while I think cathartic hatred and brutal takedowns are good and necessary, and I have no intention of ceasing to write or publish them, I do often wish that I could get as much attention for an article about the massive increasing nationwide suicide epidemic as I can for an article about Verrit. The media has a highly skewed sense of what actually matters; certain people's lives are treated as almost nonexistent, and lurid events are paid far more attention than mundane ones, even when those mundane ones have greater human consequences. And the press justifies that differential coverage in part by appealing to popular taste and market demand: the American public wants nonstop Trump coverage, so CNN will give it to them. They don't want to hear about children in immigrant detention centers, they want to hear about Paul Manafort and the various other sleazy but entertaining cronies that make the White House the highest-rated drama on television.
There's an important, though oft-asked, question here about what the role of the media (in fact, the role of anyone who offers a product) ought to be: is it to give people what they want, or what they ought to want? Is it to sell them the thing that they will buy, or the thing that we think they would buy if they were thinking with their brain instead of their gut? It's very easy to lean towards the “let the market decide” rule: after all, “what people ought to want” sounds incredibly paternalistic. Who are you to know what they want? Are you saying that you have the right to contradict someone's own conception of their interests? What an elitist you are! Libertarianism sounds very democratic: the consumer is sovereign. And yet, if we think about it rationally, this is too easy an answer. We know we all do irrational things that aren't in our best interest; we make unhealthy choices and give in to our impulses. And the question is whether the people who sell us things should be trying to tempt us into succumbing to those impulses, or helping us to actually be the people we're trying to be. If it were up to my instincts, I would look at nothing but memes and animal pictures on the internet. But I force myself to read the Financial Times, because I need to actually figure out what's going on and not ignore all the chaos and misery in the world. That takes a heck of a lot of restraint and discipline, because the Financial Times is deathly boring and baby sloths make adorable noises. But it must be done.
I don't want to see a world without fun. I like fun. Our print edition is often full of zany, colorful nonsense, because this seems indispensable in making the world bearable. I don't intend to try to make anyone eat their vegetables, because I don't like eating mine. (Every afternoon, I try to convince myself to have a protein bar with my coffee instead of a Haydel's New Orleans Hand Pie. Every afternoon, I choose the Hand Pie.) But I'm saddened by how difficult it is to draw serious interest to the stories that seem the most important. The world's “marginalized” people are on the margins in many different senses, but one major one is attention: even those of us who intend to be Good and Socially Just often subconsciously simply find the lives of victims less interesting. It's strange, but I know that even if we are talking about, say, the abuse of women, more people will pay attention if I frame the article around an awful man, like Hugh Hefner, rather than around the voices of the person he victimized. It's true that either way, we are deploring abuse, but it's still far more difficult to get people to focus on elevating the oppressed rather than the oppressor to the forefront of their consciousness.
One discovery I've made is that even though it's easy to predict which stories won't be popular (i.e. anything depressing), it's difficult to predict which ones will. Largely, the old cliches do seem to be true: negativity sells, there's money in the Counterintuitive Hot Take, everyone likes to see a hero cut down. But sometimes people go for something unexpected; the people who like Current Affairs seem to like things that are thoughtful and sometimes depressing and that shun easy answers. I know this because they subscribe, and then they email me. That's why I think the typical media justification for putting out “least common denominator” material is faulty: there is no one public, and worthwhile things will find an audience, even if that audience is tiny. And their appreciation is all you need.
The form of the Brazil international was one of the few positives to take out of a dismal 2012-13 season for the London club, which saw them relegated from the Premier League.
Cesar, 34, was expected to leave Loftus Road following Rangers' drop to the Championship, but a move never materialised.
The former Inter man has made only one appearance for Harry Redknapp's side this season, with Robert Green replacing him as first-choice keeper.
Serie A side Cagliari have been linked with a move for Cesar during the January transfer window and Fernandes expects the experienced custodian to move on.
When asked if Cesar is likely to leave Loftus Road this month, Fernandes told Sky Sports News: "I think so.
"It's a waste for someone with such immense talent not playing and I think he is one of the best goalkeepers in the world, so I'm sure someone will pick him up and let's see how that goes.
"We've gone with Rob (Green) because at the beginning of the season we thought Julio wouldn't be there.
"Rob has come in and done a fantastic job and I think he could be pushing for an England place - he's played really well.
"Just look at the last game (a 2-1 home victory over Huddersfield Town on Saturday). He kept us in the game until we came back and won. He's been superb."
Summary
Designed with large volumetric spaces that reflect the lavish sense of style of the owners, this 40,000 sq. ft. four-level luxury residence is situated in a prime location within the Jubilee Hills neighborhood of Hyderabad, one of the most expensive residential locations in India.
Built for an elite and prominent Indian family, the massive home was created with a four storey stone clad exterior façade and 25-foot high floor to ceiling windows overlooking a private landscaped internal courtyard that exemplifies the colossal volume within the residence.
The strength of the architectural brief clearly defined an integrated social approach to the large volume of the private residence with interior spaces that include courtyards, decks for bedrooms, a swimming pool within a landscaped deck and a multitude of lounging options throughout the home to meet the owners needs.
Photo Gallery
Shortlink: https://goo.gl/ozsToa
After 18 months of reading my blog posts about President Trump's talents for persuasion, you might wonder how persuasive I am on my own. If you have already read my book, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big, check out this article in Business Insider to see an example of my influence. The author who talks about my ideas – exactly the way I talk about them – is named Adam Alter.
(What were the odds of that???)
The article links to a third author's work on systems being better than goals. Look for my influence in that author's work too.
I designed my book to be influential. If you reread it, look for the persuasion technique throughout. The book came out in 2013. Now you can see my systems-are-better-than-goals idea all over the place. You've probably also seen books and articles saying passion is overrated. That comes from my book as well. At this point, after a few years, authors are less likely to remember where they first saw these ideas, or what influenced them. The trail is growing cold.
Here's another article that comes almost directly from my book without attribution. The author later clarified that he had read my book before writing his article. I doubt any of the authors I mention in this post were conscious of what influenced them.
All of this was predictable to me because I designed the book for maximum persuasion. I figured there was no point in writing a book about systems for success if I didn't also make it “sticky,” so the thoughts would stay with people and be useful.
I think most of you would be appalled to see your ideas come from other authors mouths without attribution. But I'm not, because I designed my book to influence people the way you are seeing it happen in real time. You are witnessing a feature, not a flaw. I prefer more imitation to less. These are powerful ideas that are worth spreading.
#Goals
Disputing claims about her rescue, the recently recovered Caitlan Coleman has said that she was in Pakistan for at least a year before she was "rescued" by Pakistan Army in an operation near the Pak-Afghan border earlier this month.
While speaking to the Toronto Star in her first interview since her recovery, Coleman said: "Right now, everybody's shunting blame and making claims. Pakistan says no, they were never in Pakistan until the end. The US says, no they were always in Pakistan; it was Pakistan's responsibility. But neither of those are true."
She also said that she is certain that they were held in both Afghanistan and Pakistan. "We were not crossing into Pakistan that day. We had been in Pakistan for more than a year at that point."
Coleman, an American national, revealed in the interview — published on Monday — that the couple was moved to Pakistan immediately after being kidnapped in Afghanistan.
"They first took us out of Afghanistan; it was several days' drive," said Coleman, who still wears a hijab after being released. She refused to comment on whether the couple has converted to Islam.
She said that her kidnappers took them to Miramshah in North Waziristan where they were kept for almost a year, adding that they knew where they were because her husband, Joshua Boyle, could understand some Farsi.
Read: Caitlan and Joshua: adventurers caught in Taliban trap
"It was very bad. My husband and I were separated at that time. He wasn't allowed to see Najaeshi or spend any time with us."
Najaeshi Jonah is their oldest son.
"Then we were moved to the north of Miramshah, to the house of a man who said he was called Mahmoud. He was very nice to Najaeshi and would provide us with amenities [that] we wouldn't have otherwise," she told the Toronto Star. "He would take Najaeshi out to get him sunlight and nobody else did that at any other point."
She does not exactly remember the events around her rescue but does recall a gun battle while she was in the trunk of a car.
"Our first fear — why we were not poking our heads up and yelling for help — was that it was another gang trying to kidnap us. Possibly just part of the Haqqani network fighting with another part. They're all just bandits," she said about her rescue.
"You're a prisoner for so long, you're so suspicious. I was still thinking we don't know these people, we don't know where they're taking us."
Of her reaction on realising it was the Pakistani forces and not another group of captors, she said: "I think I was mostly just in shock."
While revealing details of the rescue, Pakistan Army had said that the family had been moved from Afghanistan into Pakistan the day the operation took place, not earlier.
'Captors killed child because Joshua refused to join them'
Backing her husband's earlier claims of Coleman being raped in captivity and the forced abortion of their child, she said that the assault on her happened because they wanted the couple to stop contacting people who were not their guards or captors.
The Taliban had refuted the claims, saying that the child had died naturally and that the woman had not been raped in captivity.
They named their unborn child "Martyr", she said, who was killed because the captors were angry at Boyle for not joining them.
Explore: Everything you need to know about the kidnapping and recovery of Caitlan Coleman and Joshua Boyle
They killed the child using using high amounts of estrogen in their food and boasted of what they had done, she told the daily.
Her next two pregnancies were kept secret and the babies were delivered by Boyle using a flashlight.
"We had a pen they didn't know about and we were taking little scraps of paper and trying to hand out notes to anyone and everyone that wasn't one of the guards or commanders involved in killing Martyr," she said regarding the alleged assault against her.
"But then they took us, separated us, and beat us and that was when the assault on me happened because they wanted us to stop."
Naming houses in Afghanistan, Pakistan
The couple and children were frequently moved between Pakistan and Afghanistan, according to Coleman. They were usually drugged and kept in the trunk whenever they were moved, she said.
From their house north of Miramshah, they were then taken to Spin Ghar in Afghanistan. Coleman also shared lighter moments they had in captivity, including naming the places they were kept in.
They called one "Cat Hotel" because it looked like a hotel to them. She claimed they could see the Pak-Afghan border from there. The kidnappers acquired a Pakistani-styled "jingle truck" from there, told Coleman, and moved them to an area between Kohat and Bannu.
Their last "home" was named "Dar Al Musa", she said.
"Outside everyday they were doing some training or something was going on, and some guy was shouting and we laughed because whoever Musa was, he was not doing a good job," she said.
"He was always yelling, 'No, no, no, Musa Musa.'"
They were there since November 2016, she said, and were then transferred to the "Mud House" just two days before their recovery.
Decision to have children in captivity
Speaking on the couple's decision to have two children in captivity, she said that, among other things, she wanted a large family and they did not know when they would be released.
"It was a decision we made. We did think about it [...] it's difficult to explain all the reasons, but, for me, a large part was the fact that it has always been important to me to have a large family," she said.
"This took our life away from us — this captivity with no end in sight. And so I felt that it was our best choice at that time. We didn't know if we would have that opportunity when we came back. We didn't know how long it would be. It was already unprecedented, so we couldn't say, 'Oh, we'll only be here a year or six months.'"
Ronda Churchill/Las Vegas Review-Journal
The Oct. 15 Viewpoints section included a most intelligent letter from a Sheila Morse of Henderson. This lady has hit the nail on the head regarding the current situation with the Clark County School District: There is money for everything but meeting the education needs in Las Vegas.
Getting qualified teachers and real therapists who deal with serious special-needs kids continues to be an issue with no relief in sight.
Building more schools due to increased population in the future? Where are you going to get sufficient qualified teachers to fill these schools when you are scrambling every June because of the hundreds who continually leave?
Promises made to existing teachers are never kept. Instead supervisors who got their 3 percent raise last year tell teachers to “suck it up.” The so-called union has done nothing but string them along.
The casinos? Let's not expect anything. Having a lottery for education? Our casino moguls will not allow it. It's all about the money — and getting qualified teachers and paying them well is not in the cards for them.
The schools will remain at the bottom until you realize that you build from the inside with the best people you pay for.
Naked at 15
originally answered in:so i was in class 9 and not a bit interested in studies, i failed in my quarterly exams "the paper was quite easy and rest all class passed, your child is a duffer"- this is what my maths school teacher informed my parents. quite worried about my future, my parents approached my maths tution teacher and asked him to give extra focus on me.""- he replied and further said to my parents that my marks will be his responsibility provided they allow him to deal with me in his 'own manner' to which my parents agreed and from that day no class of my tution passed without a good beating.he always used to threaten the class "" (if you will not study, i will strip you naked and beat you)- something which i earlier believed was just a senseless threat.but finally when i refused to study inspite of all beatings he finally one day said to me "chal nanga ho ja"() i first took it as a joke but then soon i was forced to pull down my jeans and i thought it is what he meant by 'nanga' but then i was asked toto which i resisted a lot and started crying, but he was adamant and so finally after a struggle of five minutes he managed to forcefully pull my undie down with the help of some front sitters and further made me to put my hands on my ears.So it was first time when i was in my own senses and my willy was exposed in front of all(nearly 40 pupils) to see and i couldn't do anything about it apart from crying. I was humiliated to the very core and it was a time when i felt like to run away but i couldn't.my teacher totally unconcerned of my situation tried to set me as example and it was announced loud and clear that if anyone will not study, he will find him standing in the same state. In order to humiliate me more, he made me to agree that i was getting punishment which i actually deserved and did further restrain me from putting my eyes down and said i should face my audience while standing in same state because that is my true punishment.so after standing in that state for nearly 30- 40 minutes of shameful exposure, I was allowed to wear my clothes and the punishment ended.But that punishment did actually change my life.From that day onward i studied, not for my own future but to live a life of respect. The eyes of my mates staring at my penis pinched me and I wanted those eyes to see me with respect, i wanted to laugh at those people whom i have seen that day laughing secretly on seeing me naked and this what made me to take study as a challenge..I studied.. studied and finally i was made to secure a top 100 rank in JEE and finally i see today in final year of IIT delhi.(the most prestigious indian institute)
People as a whole are a lot more accepting of varying body types and preferences. Men who love thick chicks, women who love to fit chicks, and everything in between. There has been a giant push for women to think more positively about their bodies which is awesome!. I don't believe anyone should dislike the body they are in. Political correctness…and overall politeness…has dictated that one of the worst things you can do is make fun of someone who is overweight. Unfortunately, there is a new sort of shaming going on. While fat shaming is supposed to tear others down, fit shaming is something that can do just that as well. Is fit shaming the new fat shaming?
People Think Its OK to Call Us Gross I'm currently boycotting a radio station (ahem, DC's Kiss) because one of the hosts called bodybuilders “so incredibly gross”. When tweeted that replacing fat with bodybuilders would cause an uproar, it was stated that it was her opinion and her opinion was that bodybuilders are gross. Fact: if you're someone who thinks its ok to call someone else gross and that person is not currently doing an actual gross thing…you're an idiot.
We're Told to Eat Something People feel the need to disrupt our diet on a regular basis, waving junk food in our faces because eating clean with commitment isn't “normal”. We're just over here, drinking our pre-workout and protein snack, trying to live our best, healthiest lives, so no thanks. In general, your nose shouldn't be in other people's business, but it definitely shouldn't be in my meal plans. Looking for the perfect pre-workout to help you slay your next workout? Check out our favorite pre-workout supplements.
People Assume We're Unhealthy Because if you have a lot of muscle, whether a guy or a girl, you're probably doing something unhealthy. Working out too much, taking too many supplements, injecting something. Just the same way that you can have a little (little!) extra junk in the trunk and be a healthy person, I can carry a lower body fat percentage and still be healthy and active. It's incredible how many people assume so for the record…don't.
Women Are Told We're Unattractive While we understand everyone has their preferences, it still isn't ok to tell a fit woman how you just don't find fit women attractive. You just…you just don't do that! No one even asked you! Trust us, if you're a guy who thinks this way we probably don't want you…you obviously don't carry the intellect to realize how awesome we are :p
People Are Downright Rude to Our Faces (#sorrynotsorry) If you lift, you have without a doubt heard the following. Women to Women: I'm sorry but I would never want to look like that. Women to Men: I'm sorry, but I don't think guys with that much muscle are cute. Men to other men: That guy is probably a douche.
It doesn't really matter what you're saying, if you exchanged the words to include sexual orientation/weight/race and you wouldn't say it to those people, don't say it to us.
Continue article on Page 2:
It's Less OK for Women Than For Men Men are supposed to have more muscles, women are supposed to look more feminine. Sound familiar? Guys have this magic ability to be pretty much be anything and women will love them (as long as you can make us laugh), but women don't have it as easily. This is an unfortunate truth.
We Mostly Get it From Other Women Per usual, because we're only really getting used to cheering each other on, a lot of shaming you'll see online or in person will be from other women. “She doesn't have any boobs anymore” is similar to “she only has boobs because she's big”. Women may say things out of jealousy, but there is seriously no reason for women to hate on each other so much. Chicks before dicks, am I right over here?!
Backhanded Compliments Are Regular People who are overweight have probably received so many backhanded compliments, their heads spin. Now, we seem to be getting it too. If you've heard any of the following, you've been given a backhanded compliment:
“I wish I could flaunt my body the way you do, but I'm just not like that”
“Yeah, some people think female lifters are manly, but you really embrace your muscles, good for you!”
“Your commitment is impressive. I mean, I'd never want to spend all my time at the gym, but its so cool you do”
Let's get this straight – shaming should never happen. In the fitness world, we should be celebrating those who are trying to be healthier. For those outside of our community that feel the need to comment how a muscular woman probably has a dick or how some guy looks like he injects, you have no clue how many people start lifting because they were bullied/depressed/neglected. I'll leave this with a simple…Lift Heavy!
I don't know how many times in the course of development we have used the Sheng-Ji Yang quote from Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri about how “One does not simply take sand from the beach and produce a Dataprobe.” But, we've used it a few times and today is no exception. Game development is an inherently iterative process, especially early access game development: you build systems, you attach other systems, and eventually – at some point – you run out of systems to build and cross over into a territory that consists purely of refining existing systems.
One of the major systems outstanding that I have to finish is the overworld. We have previously added randomly generated overworld maps, which are generated using a standard approach: “take a lot of Perlin noise, generate some Voronoi cells on top of that, fill in various land masses, and off you go.” What has been missing is the code which lets you pick an arbitrary point on that land mass and go exploring.
We have now reached the point in our Dataprobe creation process where we have started adding that.The way that overworld generation internally works is that you click on the map, and select a square. We look at every Voronoi cell on the overworld that is contained in this square, and initialize a new “colony map” by scaling all of the centroids of the world biome cells so that they are correctly placed on the colony map (which is higher level-of-detail); we then seed a second “finer” Voronoi cell map over the colony map, which is used to place biomes. Each finer cell selects from a list of biomes which can exist in its “coarse biome cell.”
Right away, you get interesting results. Not all of these are good:
The advantages, right now, are that the newly generated maps are interesting and novel; it never feels like you get the same old starting location. “Oh,” you say, “New Antipodea again?” Now things are mysterious and dangerous in a way that they weren't previously.
The bad news from a software development perspective:
nobody has really touched the biome generator code since New Sogwood was hastily added just before early access in 2014
various things that were hard coded to play nice in New Antipodea and New Sogwood no longer work correctly on randomly generated maps;
a whole bunch of biomes that you may encounter in the game are simply not set up at all.
So you will also get strange things like Aurochs Island that are… interesting, yet undesirable:
and areas where the game crashes, or has garbage, or incorrectly blended water colors, or… well, there's a list. So we have a great deal of data entry to do now, as well as adjusting things such as the density of the fine Voronoi cells with respect to their coarser cousins, and determining where it is correct to apply Lloyd Relaxation, that magic process that sort of makes everything feel “nice” and “like a video game map.” We do not plan to ship this for 49, but I expect all heck to break loose in 49A when we can hopefully push a first version of this code to the world. For now, you will be able to select a starting location on the map but it won't actually affect anything.
Other “overworld-things” to get in: a global world history, where we can have all kinds of Simulationesque Fun!, and measures of influence for various groups throughout the world so that you can adjust your difficulty. (For instance, it doesn't necessarily make sense to spawn fishpeople if you're up against A Forsaken Mountain, but perhaps it makes more sense to spawn Obeliskians. The various strengths and weaknesses of Villainous Foreigners may change depending on your performance in the world, perhaps. This is also to say nothing of the fact that, perhaps if you are too close to a [The information contained in this paragraph has been expedited by order of Her Majesty's Anti-Paranormal Squadron, for containing wild speculation and untrue facts about the nature of certain organizations and entities that do not exist. Anybody caught in possession of unedited paragraphs will be sentenced to hard labour in the Antipodean Clay Mines for no less than a period of six months, and may also be set on fire for Reasons of Hygiene.]
Being Like Them: Cultural Exchange as Theft and Honor
Five Alive Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 28, 2017
The iconic Hermès Birkin bag. Its value derives from you not having one.
I once slashed dozens of immaculate knock-off Birkin bags with a box cutter in a 50th floor conference room above Manhattan with a lawyer named Gioconda. He was large — fat with pale baby skin, a droopy smile, and round-frame glasses propped up by a pudgy pointer finger. His cherubic appearance did not mask his aggression, but instead signified an insatiable appetite, a clue to where his aggression came from. A man that hungry is prone to anger, and behind his always sweaty forehead was a mind that channeled all that anger into deviously complex court motions and strategically timed phone calls. He was a good lawyer.
The U.S. Marshals busted up the trunk sale last night, Gioconda said. He recounted how the hotel manager unlocked the door, and the Marshals swarmed in ahead of him while he got to hold the warrant above his head. One woman fainted. This wasn't a Canal Street sidewalk sale, he reassured me, these knock-offs go for as much as the real thing. The discount is simply finding one for sale. The Marshals gave him the entire haul to take back as evidence in a lawsuit by Hermès, but we were to “irreparably impair” the function of the articles in question.
Though I slashed the tasteful doctor's bag-like contraband with a mindless glee, there was a tyrannical method to this madness. Gioconda was selling his venerable client a simple but deadly serious statement: they can't be like you. Injunctions and money awards were not enough. These counterfeit class signifiers had to be disfigured and displayed in public, a humiliating example made of those who were too good at being a fake.
The knock-off bags were of Chinese origin. Their near-perfect craftsmanship was itself the great offense, their disturbing quality of stitching and dyeing the very cause of the raised eyebrows somewhere in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, and which led to an attorney engagement letter and a directive for the chubby American lawyer to melt the wings off of these faceless Chinese Icarii. They can't be like us. We finished mutilating the bags and ordered dinner from Shun Lee Palace.
That was over ten years ago. This year, the year of worldwide irony, another Parisian fashion house with the Spanish name of Balenciaga — helmed by a Georgian prank artist who overthrew the stultifying originality of his predecessor, Alexander Wang —extended this tyranny: but we can be like them. Balenciaga's creative director Demna Gvasalia is renowned for his provocatively brazen theft of low culture — particularly the kitschy ephemera of Asia — and selling it back to Asians at overpriced, over-hyped pop-up reenactments of Asia's own native street bazaars. It is a partially complete symmetry of hawking Asian knock-offs of European luxury to desperate buyers: the sale of European re-creations of Asia's artifacts to wide-eyed fashion fanboys.
Hong Kong fans of Demna Gvasalia's Vetements brand line up to buy clothing out the back of a DHL truck.
What is left out is the repercussions, the willingness to say ‘no.' What is missing is an instinct akin to Gioconda's own unquestioned mantra that they cannot be like us. And what is left out of this near-complete symmetry means everything. The theft of Asia's culture is not theft, instead it is an honor bestowed upon Asia's people. To think that a fashion house of such natural prestige as Balenciaga would bother to copy, or even to merely recognize, the significance of the hongbailan (red-white-blue) shopping bag in daily Asian life, is an honor. The theft and obscene mark-up is a subtle yet clear signal that the tastemakers of Paris recognize that the life of an Asian can in fact contain such evolved and complex emotions as nostalgia and kitsch. This mere recognition of mutual humanity is itself the validation of those emotions, without which Asians assume themselves invisible to Westerners. And for that Western validation, Asia's youth will line up and spend competitively.
Sydney police saying ‘no' to cultural appropriation and the theft of Western intellectual property.
The Europeans copy Asians brazenly and sell it back to them at a markup. The Asians copy Europeans secretly and sell it back to them at a discount. This is the difference.
Western fashion industry watchers shake their heads at Gvasalia's pranks-as-art sensibility, comment upon the ethical thorniness of cultural appropriation, and critique the originality of his stunts when compared to the more politically committed performance art of Banksy. The West's own instinct for cultural property is so strong that sometimes it even takes on the consistency of an actual ethical system.
Balenciaga's expensive knock-off of a cheap Thai original.
By contrast, Thailand's national government reassured Balenciaga by way of an unprompted official statement that their handbag would not be treated as intellectual property theft of the ubiquitous tote the Thai know affectionately as the “rainbow bag.” And in a final despairing act of official clarification, the government reassured its own people that traveling abroad to Europe with an authentic rainbow bag (costing 75 baht, or roughly $2) probably does not violate Balenciaga's intellectual property rights in Europe, though for such matters it is not the authority.
One can see in this a kind of post-traumatic stress response to a modern history in which Westerners can freely take and adapt and resell Asian culture, and celebrate their own ingenuity and open-mindedness, whereas Asians must approach Western culture as if in a museum. Look, but don't touch. Except maybe in the gift shop.
We've come a long way since marijuana was first decriminalized in Oregon in 1973. Here's a state-by-state breakdown:
Marijuana Legalization (10): Colorado, Washington, Oregon, Alaska, California, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, Vermont (also Washington, DC)
Marijuana Decriminalization (13): Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri*, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island
Medical Marijuana Legalization (32): Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota*, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York*, North Dakota, Ohio*, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania*, Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia* (also, Washington, DC)
* no smoking allowed
Medical Marijuana Legalization - CBD Oil Only (14): Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming.
Hemp Legalization (40): Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, MIssouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming
Cities That Have Legalized Marijuana (5): Breckenridge, CO; Denver, CO; Portland, ME; South Portland, ME; Washington, DC
Cities That Have Decriminalized or Depenalized Marijuana (50): Albuquerque, NM; Allentown, PA; Ann Arbor, MI; Athens, OH; Atlanta, GA; Bellaire, OH; Berkeley, CA; Berkley, MI; Chicago, IL; Columbia, MO; Dayton, OH; Detroit, MI; East Lansing, MI; Ferndale, MI; Flint, MI; Fremont, OH; Grand Rapids, MI; Houston, TX; Huntington Woods, MI; Jackson, MI; Kansas City, MO; Keego Harbor, MI; Lancaster, PA; Logan, OH; Miami, FL; Milwaukee, WI; Monona, WI; Mount Pleasant, MI; New Orleans, LA; Newark, OH; Norwood, OH; New York, NY; Oregon, OH; Orlando, FL; Philadelphia, PA; Pittsburgh, PA; Pleasant Ridge, MI; Portage, MI; Port Huron, MI; Roseville, OH; Saginaw, MI; State College, PA; Santa Fe, NM; St. Louis, MO; Tampa, FL; Toledo, OH; Wichita, KS; Windham, OH; York, PA
Cities That Have Made Marijuana Arrests the Lowest Depriority (12): Eureka Springs, AR; Fayetteville, AR; Hailey; ID; Kalamazoo, MI; Oakland, CA; San Francsico, CA; Santa Barbara, CA; Santa Cruz, CA; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA; Tacoma, WA; Tampa, FL; West Hollywood, CA
State-by-State
Alabama: CBD, hemp
Alaska: rec, medical, hemp
Arizona: medical, hemp
Arkansas: medical, hemp
California: rec, medical, hemp
Colorado: rec, medical, hemp
Connecticut: decrim, medical
Delaware: medical, hemp
Florida: medical, hemp
Georgia: CBD
Hawaii: medical, hemp
Idaho: none
Illinois: decrim, medical, hemp
Indiana: CBD, hemp
Iowa: CBD
Kansas: hemp
Kentucky: CBD, hemp
Louisiana: CBD
Maine: rec, medical, hemp
Maryland: decrim, medical, hemp
Massachusetts: rec, medical, hemp
Michigan: rec, medical, hemp
Minnesota: medical, hemp
Mississippi: decrim, CBD
Missouri: medical, hemp
Montana: medical, hemp
Nebraska: decrim, hemp
Nevada: rec, medical, hemp
New Hampshire: decrim, medical, hemp
New Jersey: medical
New Mexico: medical. hemp
New York: decrim, medical, hemp
North Carolina: CBD, hemp
North Dakota: medical, hemp
Ohio: decrim, medical
Oklahoma: medical, hemp
Oregon: rec, medical, hemp
Pennsylvania: medical, hemp
Rhode Island: medical, hemp
South Carolina: CBD, hemp
South Dakota: none
Tennessee: CBD, hemp
Texas: CBD
Utah: medical, hemp
Vermont: rec, medical, hemp
Virginia: CBD, hemp
Washington: rec, medical, hemp
West Virginia: medical, hemp
Wisconsin: CBD, hemp
Wyoming: CBD, hemp
Washington, DC: rec, medical
For specific information about each state, go here
By
It would be easy to think the Washington Post just has the right combination of generic traits, and that's why they've been the ones pumping out all the (laughable) themage from anonymous intelligence officials about Mike Flynn, phone calls, Russia, Trump, investigations, suspicion, chaos, fear, loathing, and yada yada yada.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to The Lid updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: AOC Defends Rashida Tlaib's Profane Outburst At Trump: It Was Just ‘A Boo-Boo Word
Traits like reporter relationships with intelligence community personalities, right? You could buy that. Everyone's there in the D.C. area, sitting on the same lunch stools. Running on the same tree-lined paths. Doing all that thriller-movie stuff on the leafy banks of the Potomac.
Of course, the other news organizations all have D.C. bureaus too. They know people.
But, hey, it's the Washington Post. Woodward and Bernstein. Ben Bradlee. Katharine Graham. So, OK, that was more than 40 years ago. And if you paid attention during the Obama years, it seemed like the New York Times and NBC Universal's properties were getting an awful lot of the leaked “scoop,” maybe even at the expense of the Washington Post.
But you could still kind of buy that it's coincidental factors making WaPo the path of the least journalistic resistance, for the torrent of themed propaganda coming out, we are told, from intel community officials. These are obviously unhappy officials, taking arms against the Trump administration from inside the U.S. government. Not only that, but at least nine of them were clearly in the Obama administration – something WaPo (perhaps unintentionally) clarified in its 9 February story explaining that all of those sources had primary information from the time Mike Flynn had the supposedly controversial phone calls with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Which was when Obama was still president.
The rogue officials behind the leaks are from the Obama administration. You can certainly buy the deduction that they'd know reporters at WaPo, and would, in their unhappiness, “leak scoop” to them. (Even though it never turns out to actually be anything, other than innuendo.)
But it's really been noticeable that whatever the most sensational claim is, every couple of days or so, it's that claim that ends up being leaked through the Washington Post. The partisan-itch-scratching feel of it has become uncomfortably similar to the stuff pumped out by outlets like Debka-file and the “Ulsterman” — like it's what you'd want to be true, if you desperately hated the Trump administration. I've wondered myself if WaPo‘s editorial staff has been taken over by a Soros fellowship graduate on a mission, or if the paper has simply lost its bearings in terms of journalistic integrity and professionalism.
Interesting data point
Now we have the reminder of a big clue, courtesy of Norman Solomon and RootsAction.org, at AlterNet. I will stress up front that the editorializing above about WaPo's reporting is mine, and not Mr. Solomon's. Please don't go attack him over it. He's just the messenger for the clue, which is that the owner of the Washington Post, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, has a $600 million services contract with…the CIA.
That's what they call a kick in the head. There are all kinds of things to say about the potential fate of news reporting in such circumstances, but in that respect, I don't imagine our highly intelligent readers need to have the pump primed very much.
I will prime it to this extent, however. The CIA is a special case. What it's paying for from Amazon is a 10-year contract to build and operate a private CIA cloud for data sharing and analysis. Anyone experienced in intel community IT immediately recognizes that that means clearances and certain levels of access for the Amazon employees involved. They don't become spooks, by any means, but there's a level of trust and embeddedness for the company, in its interactions with the CIA, that is sui generis in the industry. It's fair to assume that that affects Jeff Bezos's perspective on a lot of things – and it makes Amazon most interestingly placed for, well, whatever someone might want to do to or through the CIA. This arrangement with the parent company of a major news organization doesn't give me a warm, fuzzy feeling.
2013
It's also fair to notice things that were noticed at the time Bezos suddenly jumped into news and CIA support, in 2013.
Interestingly, and controversially (due to widespread labor-activist criticism of Amazon), then-President Obama went to an Amazon warehouse in Tennessee that summer to introduce his new corporate tax plan – six days before Bezos contracted to buy WaPo (the latter on 5 August 2013).
2013 also happens to be the year Amazon got the cloud services contract with CIA. After IBM challenged the procurement decision through the GAO, because IBM had put in a lower bid (see Information Week link above), Amazon filed suit in federal court to prevent bidding from being reopened.
The Amazon suit was filed 24 July 2013; Obama then appeared at the Amazon fulfillment center on 30 July. Bezos announced the Post purchase on 5 August. The court ruled in Amazon's favor on 7 October 2013.
More circumstances
Circumstantially, again, Washingtonians noticed in January 2017 – last month, just before Trump's inauguration – that Bezos had bought the “biggest house in Washington,” in the Obamas' new neighborhood of Kalorama. Up to now, Bezos and his family have lived in Seattle, where Amazon is headquartered. Reportedly, the property in Kalorama – which has been a museum for years – is not ready to host residential living.
Make of that what you will; Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump have bought a house in Kalorama too. Kalorama is where many of the wealthiest or most connected Washington-area residents live. But Jared and Ivanka have an obvious reason for buying a D.C. home. And they don't own the parent company of the Washington Post, nor do they have a uniquely privileged IT services contract with the CIA, now the source of so much anonymous sniping at the Trump administration.
Curiously, moreover, in 2015, Amazon hired former Obama press spokesman Jay Carney to “shake up the Amazon PR machine.”
Also circumstantially, as summarized at ZeroHedge in 2016, Bezos has it in for Donald Trump, who has publicly criticized Bezos and Amazon in very tough terms. (A Forbes staff writer agreed, after the election, that Bezos has to be concerned about Trump's very specific comments on Bezos's ownership of WaPo, and its tax benefits for the unconventional Amazon business model.)
Norman Solomon pleads at AlterNet that the right thing to do, if the owners of news media are to have these contracts and links with government agencies, is for WaPo to put a warning label on any of its reporting that involves news about or leaks from the national intelligence community.
Not that NBC's media properties necessarily made a practice of that during the General Electric ownership years, when GE had huge contracts with the U.S. government, and CEO Jeffrey Immelt had the entrée with the Obama White House, including a Jobs Council appointment from Obama. But for integrity's sake, that's what should have been done.
Meanwhile, however, news consumers can certainly take account of the Obama-Bezos-Amazon-CIA link whenever they see the Washington Post retailing “news” from or about the national intelligence community. I suggest taking such account forthwith.
Crossposted From Liberty Unyielding
National Grid, an electric and gas utility company, has filed a lawsuit against IT services provider Wipro Ltd., alleging it delivered an ERP implementation project "that was of virtually no value to National Grid." It said the contractor was paid $140 million for its work.
This lawsuit, filed Dec. 1 in the U.S. District Court in New York, described a series of problems with an SAP deployment.
For instance, National Grid alleged the "new SAP system miscalculated time, pay rates and reimbursements, so that employees were paid too little, too much or nothing at all."
With respect to the supply chain functions, the ERP implementation project "devastated" the utility's procurement, inventory and vendor payment processes. Two months after going live, "National Grid's backlog of unpaid supplier invoices exceeded 15,000, and its inventory record keeping was in shambles."
Wipro, a global IT services provider based in India, with about $8.5 billion in revenue and nearly 170,000 employees, quickly refuted the lawsuit's allegations in a securities filing.
"National Grid has been a valued customer of Wipro in the U.S. and U.K. for several years," the firm said in its filing. "Wipro strongly believes that the allegations misstate facts and the claims are baseless. Wipro will vigorously contest the allegation in court."
Wipro said the ERP implementation project began in 2009 and had multiple vendors. The provider said it joined the project in 2010, and "the post go-live process was completed in 2014."
"During the course of this ERP implementation project, National Grid gave Wipro many positive evaluations. Wipro also received an award from National Grid U.S. with respect to this project in 2014," the firm said in its statement.
It is not unusual to see a large ERP project end up in court. Earlier this year, MillerCoors filed a lawsuit against IT services firm HCL Technologies, an India-based IT services firm, over problems relating to a $100 million ERP implementation.
MillerCoors, in court papers, accused HCL of failing to provide leadership and to adequately staff the project. In its counterclaim, HCL said MillerCoors' leadership team "did not understand the operations of their own business."
National Grid is a multinational firm that provides utility services in the U.K. and in Massachusetts, New York and Rhode Island. The ERP deployment project began with the goal of upgrading back-office systems that run financials, HR, supply chain and procurement.
National Grid alleged that Wipro designed an "overly complex" SAP project.
"Rather than taking advantage of certain design and configuration options available within the out-of-the-box SAP software to minimize system complexity and reduce risk, Wipro's inexperienced consultants engaged in excessive customization of the base SAP system," according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit claimed by September 2013, the continuing efforts to stabilize the new SAP system were costing approximately $30 million per month, totaling over $300 million.
National Grid did not respond by press time to a request for comment about the current usefulness of its SAP system.
CLOSE The mother whose two children were found dead in a freezer was arraigned on child abuse charges and is being held on a $1-million cash bond. Records also indicate the mom forced one of her kids to place her dead sister's body in the freezer. VPC
Buy Photo Mitchelle Blair is arraigned in the 36th District courtroom of magistrate Renee McDuffee Thursday Mar. 26, 2015. Blair is being arraigned on child abuse charges. Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press (Photo: Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Before Stephen Berry and Stoni Blair's frozen bodies were discovered in a deep freezer at their Detroit apartment, the siblings suffered horrific abuse at the hands of their mother, a court document filed today alleges.
So did their surviving brother and sister, who knew their siblings were in the freezer.
The record also revealed another disturbing allegation – that the oldest child was forced by her mother to place Stoni's body in the freezer after she died.
The children's mother, Mitchelle Blair, has been arraigned on child abuse charges and is being held on a $1-million bond due the "heinous" nature of the allegations against her, 36th District Court Magistrate Renee McDuffee said today. She could end up facing murder charges, an assistant prosecutor said.
As first reported by the Free Press, the petition filed in Wayne County Juvenile Court details allegations of the abuse that led up to Stephen and Stoni's deaths at their home in the Martin Luther King Apartments. The causes of their deaths are not yet known, as the Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office waits for their frozen bodies to thaw before performing autopsies.
The petition – which includes information from interviews with both surviving children – alleges that Blair, 35, tortured Stephen in the two weeks before his death by tying a belt around his neck, throwing hot water on him and putting a plastic bag over his head.
It says that on Aug. 30, 2012, Stephen, then age 9, was found unresponsive and Blair wrapped his body in a bed linen and placed him in the freezer.
About nine months later, the petition alleges, Stoni suffered the same fate – being killed and stuffed in the freezer.
Blair is accused of burning Stoni on the back with a clothing iron, hitting her with a two-by-four, causing a cut above her left eye and striking her with a hot curling iron, breaking one of her teeth.
"Her mother refused to provide her with medical treatment," the petition alleges.
According to the petition, on May 25, 2013, Stoni told her mother that she did not like her siblings. "Mitchelle Blair became enraged and strangled Stoni with a black T-shirt and suffocated her with a plastic bag," according to the document.
After the then 13-year-old died, Blair is accused of then making her older daughter "put Stoni in the deep freezer."
The children were found in the freezer Tuesday by a crew working to evict Blair from her apartment.
Blair admitted she killed the children, telling police she believed they had sexually assaulted a child, a person familiar with the investigation said. There is nothing to indicate the child had been sexually assaulted, the source said.
During her arrest on Tuesday, Blair reportedly said: "They're both dead! I did it!" according to police.
The Michigan Department of Human Services is seeking to terminate Blair's parental rights, as well as the parental rights of the fathers of her two surviving children, who are now in the care of a relative.
Blair was arraigned earlier today in Detroit's 36th District Court on four counts of first-degree child abuse and one count of committing first-degree child abuse in the presence of another child. She was not represented by an attorney and was ordered not to have contact with her children, relatives and neighbors.
She has several upcoming court hearings. In the criminal case, Blair is due back in court April 2 for a probable cause hearing and has a preliminary examination scheduled for April 9. In the parental custody case, a hearing is scheduled for April 8.
Surviving children also abused, petition says
The petition alleges that Blair's two surviving children, ages 8 and 17, also had been abused.
The 8-year-old told officials on Tuesday that "he knew his sister and brother were killed and subsequently placed in the freezer," the record says.
The petition also says the child has 25 scars and injuries on his back "both old and new, as a result of physical abuse by Mitchelle Blair," as well as "numerous loop-shaped scars and injuries" on his body.
Stoni Blair (Photo: Family photo)
"These injuries are consistent with Mitchelle Blair using an extension cord to physically abuse them," the petition says.
It also says that the 17-year-old "has also been beaten with a cord." The teen told authorities neither she nor her siblings have gone to school in two years.
During today's juvenile court hearing – with the Free Press being the only media in attendance – Referee Nicholas Bobak authorized counseling and psychological and psychiatric evaluations for the two children.
Fathers hadn't seen children in years
Blair was patched into the juvenile court hearing by phone from the Detroit Detention Center, as the two fathers of her children sat in the courtroom.
The fathers – who both declined to comment after the hearing – hadn't seen their children in years and owed thousands of dollars in child support.
The record shows Alexander Dorsey, the father of Stoni and Blair's 17-year-old daughter, owes $39,000 and Steven Berry, the father of Stephen and Blair's 8-year-old son, owes more than $12,000.
Stephen Berry (Photo: Family photo)
According to the Michigan Department of Corrections, Berry spent time in prison on weapons offenses, was paroled in April 2013 and was discharged from parole last year.
The petition says each father "failed to protect his children from an unfit home environment where the children were physically abused, tortured, and murdered."
During the hearing, Blair interjected and said: "Can I say something?"
Bobak told her he was going to have her talk to her appointed attorney, Janice L. Burns, privately on the phone before she spoke.
"I want this to be on record, though, so I don't want to just say it to the lawyer," Blair said.
After having a private conversation with Blair, Burns told Bobak there was "nothing I want her to say, your honor."
Children's Protective Services interviewed Dorsey and Steven Berry on Wednesday.
Dorsey said he last saw his children about two years ago and Steven Berry said he last saw his children in April 2012, according to the petition.
Both fathers said Blair prevented them from seeing their children.
The petition says that about seven months ago, Dorsey asked his older daughter about Stoni's whereabouts and she told him the girl was visiting their material great aunt, Angela Gordon. Steven Berry told authorities Blair told him the same thing when he asked about Stephen.
Gordon, a retired Detroit police child abuse investigator, is now caring for the two surviving children. On Wednesday, she said Blair had been estranged from her family for about two years and described her as being "very, very strict" with her children.
This isn't the family's first contact with Children's Protective Services.
According to the petition, the family had prior contacts with CPS on Sept. 18, 2002 and Feb. 21, 2005. The details of those investigations are not included in the court document, but it says they "were substantiated." The petition says that after the February 2005 complaint, Blair was referred for services, including counseling.
Department of Human Services spokesman Bob Wheaton said state law prohibits the agency from commenting on Children's Protection Services investigations or actions taken.
In addition to the abuse allegations, the petition also indicates that Blair had continued receiving assistance for all four of her children.
"Mitchelle Blair received $771 per month in food assistance for four children through March 2015, accepting governmental benefits for the two deceased children," the petition says. It says she also received Medicaid for the four children through this month, as well, and last accepted child support for Stephen and her other son in December 2014.
Contact Gina Damron: 313-223-4526 or gdamron@freepress.com
Contact Elisha Anderson: 313-222-5144 or eanderson@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1bypnTB
San Francisco pulled out a 2-1 victory over FC Edmonton last Saturday at Kezar Stadium. Here are three things we learned from the game:
1) The Deltas have a new hero every game
Most of San Francisco's wins can only be defined as ‘team wins.' It feels like almost every game a different Deltas player comes onto the field and delivers an important goal or result. On Saturday Bryan Burke, who had not played significant minutes since July 2nd, started out wide for the Deltas. Although naturally listed as a defender, Burke's made a huge impact offensively as a midfield winger in a 3-5-2 formation. His goal was absolutely stellar when he outfought the Eddies' Pedro Galvão to head home a Devon Sandoval cross.
Burke's cross later in the first half also caused trouble for Edmonton and forced an own goal by defender Albert Watson. You also have to mention the contributions of Sandoval, who scored twice after substituting in against the Cosmos last Wednesday. His assist on Saturday helped him cement NASL player of the week honors. He is the fifth different Deltas player to earn the honors this season (Tommy Heinemann, Kyle Bekker, Pablo Dyego, Cristian Portilla have also been named).
For the Deltas, winning as a team is not just a motto but a reality.
2) San Francisco's defense is susceptible to long balls over the top
Although the Deltas have continued to not give up many goals they have proven vulnerable to long balls into the penalty box. In last Saturday's game, a long pass from the Eddie's Sainey Nyassi found Dustin Corea who headed the ball past Deltas keeper Romuald Peiser. In last Wednesday's game, a long ball by Cosmos defender Javi Marquez also landed in the Deltas box and during the scramble was finished by New York's Juan Guerra.
The Deltas have settled into their 3-5-2 defense this season and still are not allowing a large number of goals. However, the long ball goals are a glaring weakness that has to have Deltas head coach Marc Dos Santos concerned.
3) After next weekend the road gets crowded for SF
The Deltas better enjoy their long layoff till next Sunday because the schedule becomes positively brutal for San Francisco the final month of the season. After the October 1st game in Edmonton, San Francisco travels to South Florida to play Miami FC for two away games on Wednesday, October 4th and then Saturday, October 7th.
Then SF travels back home to Kezar to play two home games against Indy Eleven on Wednesday, October 11th, and Puerto Rico FC on Saturday, October 14th.
San Francisco then will play an away game at North Carolina FC on October 21st and finish at home in San Francisco against Jacksonville on October 28th. The team also has a home game to be made up against Miami FC that would most likely be played either Wednesday, October 18th or Wednesday, October 25th.
Luckily San Francisco has put in some hard work to open up a six-point lead on fourth place in the league but it will be a brutal eight-game slog for a team with a short bench. There are inklings that defender Nana Attakora might be able to return from his knee surgery before the end of the season. That should help out but it looks like San Francisco will have to grind out results to ensure that they achieve their goal of making the NASL postseason.
Macau outperforms the rest of the world's major cities economically, while the top 50 global cities included only three from the US: Austin, Houston and Raleigh
In race for best economy, China handily beats Houston, London and other Western cities
Macau, the Chinese territory known for casino gambling, outperformed the rest of the world's major cities economically last year, including all of those in the United States.
Cities in the developing world, especially China, dominated the top of the annual economic rankings of 300 cities worldwide by the Brookings Institution and JP Morgan Chase. The study ranks cities by growth in employment and in economic output per person.
US and British cities showed improvement, although in general they lagged behind China. Only hree US cities – Austin and Houston, Texas, and Raleigh, North Carolina – cracked the top 50. In the UK, London came in No 26, Manchester No 60.
Cities in wealthy countries tended to perform poorly. Though most of the cities surveyed around the world have recovered from the Great Recession, 65% of European and 57% of North American cities have not, according to the study. The United States and Britain have only just begun to pick up economic momentum 5½ years after the recession ended.
“In developed economies like North America and Western Europe, cities like London and Houston are flying high, while others like Rotterdam and Montreal are struggling,” Parilla said.
Macau has enjoyed a tourism boom, with gamblers coming to bet at more than 30 casinos, including the Venetian Macau, the world's largest.
Twenty-seven of the 50 top-performing cities were Chinese. Increasingly, strong growth occurred in the traditionally underdeveloped cities of China's interior, rather than its booming coastal cities. Land-locked Changsha, for instance, enjoyed economic growth per person of 8.6% last year and wound up No 15 in the overall rankings.
The coastal manufacturing powerhouse of Dongguan, next door to Hong Kong, registered per-capita economic growth of just 5.2% (unimpressive by Chinese standards) and finished No 70. Companies have begun to move inland as the cost of labor and land rises on the Chinese coast. And the Chinese government has invested heavily on infrastructure in the interior.
Bangkok, Thailand, came in last, its economy wrecked by political strife.
Cities in wealthy, developed countries tended to lag behind.
Big differences
Joseph Parilla, a Brookings research analyst who co-wrote the report, said he was surprised by the “incredible differentiation within what are considered monolithic economic blocs”.
Latin American cities, for instance, mostly sputtered. But Medellin, Colombia, and Lima, Peru, both broke into the top 50.
Commodities boom
The 18 cities worldwide that specialized in producing commodities such as oil registered the highest rates of growth in economic output per person (2.6%) and employment (1.9%).
“The recent rise in oil and gas production in North America partly explains the success of metropolitan areas like Calgary, Denver, Houston, and Tulsa, which are epicenters of the region's shale revolution,” the report said.
Next year's rankings may be different. Oil prices have plunged to less than $48 a barrel from $107 a barrel last June, jeopardizing the prospects of cities that had been riding the energy boom.
Turkish delight
Four Turkish cities made the top 10: Izmir, Istanbul, Bursa and Ankara. Turkish cities boomed last year despite political unrest. “If you look at world headlines, Turkey is not in the news for its economic success, but it probably should be,” Brookings' Parilla says. “It has pretty solid macroeconomic policies.”
Turkey benefits from its location at the boundary between Europe and Asia and from heavy investment in roads and other infrastructure projects, which creates jobs over the short term and is likely to make the economy more efficient over the long term.
A list of the top notable cities on the list follows. They are listed by rank in the study; country; city; percent real GDP growth per capita; and employment growth in 2014.
1 Macau, Macau 8%; 4.2%
2 Turkey, Izmir 2% 6.6%
3 Turkey, Istanbul 2%, 6.5%
4 Turkey, Bursa 1.8% 6.4%
5 UAE, Dubai 4.5% 4.7%
6 China, Kunming 8.1% 2.9%
7 China, Hangzhou 7% 3.3%
8 China, Xiamen 8.6% 2.6%
9 Turkey,Ankara 1.1% 5.7%
12 Hungary Budapest 2.4% 4.7%
18 India Delhi 4.4% 3.3%
19 Malaysia Kuala Lumpur 4.1% 3.4%
25 Saudi Arabia Riyadh 1.9% 3.9%
26 United Kingdom London 2.5% 3.6%
38 USA Austin 1.9% 3.6%
39 USA Houston 1.6% 3.7%
41 USA Raleigh 0.8% 4%
48 Peru Lima 2.9% 2%
49 USA Fresno -0.9% 4.5%
60 United Kingdom Manchester 2.6% 2.0%
63 USA Dallas 0.8% 3.4%
65 USA Baton Rouge 1.5% 3%
66 USA Oklahoma City 1.8% 2.9%
67 China Beijing 4.7% 1.6%
68 USA Las Vegas 1.3% 3%
69 USA Grand Rapids 0.60% 3.30%
71 United Kingdom Edinburgh 1.5% 2.9%
72 USA San Jose 0.20% 3.40%
73 USA Orlando 0.10% 3.50%
74 Canada Vancouver 3.7% 1.9%
75 Australia Perth 3.4% 2.1%
78 Egypt Alexandria 0.9% 3.%
79 United Kingdom Bristol 2.1% 2.5%
80 Canada Quebec City 2.1% 2.4%
81 United Kingdom Liverpool 2.4% 2.3%
82 Egypt Cairo 0.7% 3% 41
83 USA Jacksonville 0.6% 3% 194
84 United Kingdom Nottingham-Derby 2.60% 2.2%
86 USA Nashville 0.7% 2.9%
91 United Kingdom Portsmouth-Southampton 2.1% 2.2%
92 China Shanghai 5.2% 0.9%
95 USA Denver 0.8% 2.7%
96 United Kingdom Birmingham 2.2% 2.1%
97 Kuwait Kuwait 0.6% 2.7%
99 USA Knoxville 1.3% 2.4%
100 USA Atlanta 1.5% 2.3%
Anti Mediocrity Manifesto for Software Development
One
The Act of writing code is a fundamentally creative process, it's not about putting together the right tools and do some plumbing to make it work. No, it's using tools to craft a work of art. Anyone not recognizes this is an inferior software developer by definition because he or she can be replaced by something that also lacks creativity: a shell script or a bot. On the other hand, that bot can be created by a creative person again :)
Two
Good code has no bugs and never had any. As such we can conclude that no substantial body of code has ever been written fullfilling this requirement. Therefore there are no competent developers in this world. This means we have to be humble and respect our limitations. Every line of code will consist of bugs, whether it has been written by us or by some group of people with authority. Therefore, our true purpose is to express the intentions of our clients using as little code as reasonably possible, accompanied with lots of documentation and lots of tests (testing code and unit tests don't count as LOC). We should distrust every line of code written by ourselves as well as those written by others. The best code has 0 lines. Because in zero lines of code, there is room for exactly zero bugs.
Three
Standards, design patterns, frameworks and best practices are useful tools but do not alleviate us from the necessity to think. Also, keep in mind that, a library is code, as is a framework. So, every reliance on whatever other piece of code increases the risk of bugs. Standards can help a team to find a common ground and style but may also corner our thoughts and prevent us to excel. So, consider standards seriously but never be afraid to throw them out of the window. In the end, rules are intended to keep people from doing stupid things but without stupid things you are locked into the status quo. The trick is to figure out which ones you need to break to outwit the competition. You'll have to break the rules, or you won't excel. Rule 2 is the only exception to this rule.
Four
Every developer is an idiot. The willingness to admit our idiocy and reflect on it is how we measure seniority. Everyone makes mistakes but those being aware of making them have a fighting chance. That being said, since the act of writing code is a creative process, idiocy is also required. Without idiocy, a bit of abusurdity and fun we limit our minds to a very narrow solution space, bordered by tradition and standards. Nature is full of counterintuitive phenomena. Math, physics, quantum technology and cryptography to name just a few, all work in ways we don't expect them to. To find solutions in a counterintuitive world, our minds need to be freed from unnecessary burdens, remain open and flexible. To free our minds, we need fun, we need bizarre thinking, thought experiments and esoteric programming. We need minds, forever voyaging.
Five
We should be very suspicious about hypes, trends, big communities, large corporate websites and enterprise class frameworks and tools. It does not matter how many people use framework X. If it has a fatal security issue, all those people are going down. It does not matter how big a company is, if it's software is faulty its survival depends on the depth of its pockets, but all its allies will probably just go belly up. It does not matter how pretty the website of your operating system looks. If its init system is systemd, oh well... The only thing that really matters is, the code. Never compromise on code quality. If you can't see the code, it's worthless. If you don't look at the code it's worthless. If you can't read the code it's worthless. If you can't understand the code it's worthless. Also note that all effort in website design could have been used to improve code quality - so always be wary of fancy websites.
Six
While nobody can write good code the best way to try is to keep things as simple as possible. Simple does not mean easy, it means understanding. The whole picture needs to fit into your mind. Also strive to keep things readable, maintainable and enjoyable. Sacrifice everything for simplicity though. The ability to grasp an idea with our mind is the fundament of any well designed program. It's also rooted in the Unix philosophy: make a program do one thing well. As such, never bolt on new features. Never do requirement analysis. Never write technical requirements or functional ones. If you do, you have already failed. Because as I said before, it's a creative process. By the time you have written a requirement you're aleady dead in the water. Creative solutions are often holistic in nature, driven by first-hand experience, discussion, interaction and... thinking. If you want a developer to write a great piece of code, let him or her scratch the itch you're trying to scratch.
Seven
Code does not age well. However sometimes it does. Good old code is like an expensive whisky, there is not a lot and it's sometimes hard to find because of the noise, but it's worth your attention. Mature (and old) technologies, even failed ones, can teach you a lot about mistakes made in the past. If in doubt, look at the age of a software tool. If it's old, it has at least withstood the tooth of time, which is something. SQL (1974),C (1972), UNIX (1971), Smalltalk (1980) and LISP (1958) may not be perfect, but at least they have survived - that's often a clue indicating that the code may be reasonable or some of the ideas may be sound. Still, it's code.
Return to my homepage.
Eric Scheman demonstrates an e-cigarette at Vape store in Chicago, Wednesday, April 23, 2014. The federal government wants to ban sales of electronic cigarettes to minors and require approval for new products and health warning labels under regulations being proposed by the Food and Drug Administration. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
Move over, "selfie." The 2014 Oxford Dictionaries' international Word of the Year is "vape."
The term, attached to the billion-dollar electronic cigarette industry, is defined by Oxford as follows:
vape, verb
Inhale and exhale the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device
vape, noun
An electronic cigarette or similar device; an act of inhaling and exhaling the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device
Oxford added the word to its online dictionary in August, and it is being considered for future inclusion in the print version.
"As vaping has gone mainstream, with celebrities from Lindsay Lohan to Barry Manilow giving it a go, and with growing public debate on the public dangers and the need for regulation, the language usage of the word 'vape' and related terms in 2014 has shown a marked increase," an Oxford Dictionaries blog post explains, quoting Judy Pearsall, its editorial director.
Electronic cigarettes were invented in 2003, but the earliest known usage of "vape" occurred in 1983, when a writer described a hypothetical "non-combustible cigarette" that would deliver a "metered dose of nicotine vapor."
"The new habit, if it catches on, would be known as vaping," Rob Stepney wrote in New Society, a magazine published in London until 1988.
"Thus, it seems that vaping the word existed before vaping the phenomenon," Pearsall notes.
Vape beat out several other words on the Oxford 2014 shortlist, including:
• bae: noun used as "a term of endearment for one's romantic partner."
• budtender: noun, "a person whose job is to serve customers in a cannabis dispensary or shop."
• normcore: "A trend in which ordinary, unfashionable clothing is worn as a deliberate fashion statement."
• slacktivism: "noun, informal: Actions performed via the Internet in support of a political or social cause but regarded as requiring little time or involvement, e.g. signing an online petition or joining a campaign group on a social media website."
In 2013, "selfie" was the runaway choice for word of the year among Oxford editors.
"This is a little unusual," Oxford said at the time. "Normally there will be some good-natured debate as one person might champion their particular choice over someone else's. But this time, everyone seemed to be in agreement almost from the start."
Related video:
A list of hyperventilating explanations of why men with beards is the finer choice
The power of a man's beard is like no other.
Lately all the craze on social media and fashion trends show muscular men with thick and bushy facial hair that can easily make your heart melt. Males who have this amazing feature feed the rustic attraction that many crave and lust over.
If you're not 100% sold on this phenomenon, here are seven reasons that seeking a man with a beard will change your life.
1. It gives a guy a mature look
The desire of dating an older and more established man is as old as time itself. Even if a bearded wonder isn't older than you, this image of a more profound specimen makes you feel okay with your decision.
2. You have something to play with
Guiding your fingers through a beard is like having an orgasm for your fingers. I hate to call men dogs, but in this case they share the want to be rubbed. Don't massage a bare face when you can lose yourself in a main paradise.
3. A suit and beard is a knockout combination
Lawd! Seeing a guy all dressed up in a fitted suit and a well groomed beard is like getting your favorite sweet treat, it's delicious. It also gives him a look of sophistication, control and confidence which are three characteristics that are a must.
4. A beard feels great on the lips….all of them
No matter if he's kissing, carpet munching, or salad tossing your nerve endings will surely appreciate the fuzzy prickles, enough said.
5. It's like having a bear to cuddle with
Many men who have a lot of facial hair often have a nice amount of chest hair. This helps you stay warm and cuddled while his protective arms are wrapped around you. Also, if you are laying on his chest that's a perfect position to finger play in the beard!
6. He's not afraid to commit
Keeping a full bushel of hair clean, sculpted and lengthy isn't easy and what I hear one hell of a job. If a man can give his time, patience and tender loving care to that, it's a good chance he can do the same with your heart.
7. Big beard, Big member
People say assumptions killed the cat (in this case let's hope), but a thick long beard brings the thought that a man may be as equally gifted down under. You never know! Get you a bearded mate and see for yourself.
Want to see some of the most beautiful rustic men? Visit a personal favourite Instagram page of mine, @postbadbeards and get your life!
Photo by Erez Avissar
The anti-Grammy comments that Bon Iver's Justin Vernon made earlier this year to The New York Times have earned Vernon some harsh criticism from the Avalanches. On Twitter this morning, the Avalanches attacked Vernon for dismissing artists who desire Grammy Awards, while he himself appears in advertisements for a liquor company.
The Avalanches wrote, "a musician's 'art is compromised' if he/she desires a Grammy. But endor$ing a product with proven devastating health risks is ok?" They added a photo of a Bon Iver Bushmills ad, saying, "a product which kills 100k p/a in the US alone..man kids look up to you. #rememberwhenitwascoolNOTtosellout."
Vernon wrote back: "do u drink whiskey?" To which the Avalanches responded, "actually vodka is more my thing, but this aint no rock n roll pissing contest. i have seen alcohol destroy many families ... including my own.. and you are making money off this shit . dont try and justify it.
Below, watch behind-the-scenes footage from Bon Iver's shoot for the Bushmills campaign:
Embedded content is unavailable.
Ken Burns's timeless, award-winning documentary series The Civil War has entertained and enlightened students for almost 30 years. The nine-part PBS series, a staple in American classrooms, was largely credited for reviving cultural interest in the war and making the complex saga accessible to all ages. It is a seminal achievement, evidence of the good that can be done when the US government funds programs that foster learning and understanding around the country.
If it were up to Donald Trump, the documentary might not even exist. It would be cut, along with the entire National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH), the federal agency that helped fund Burns's beloved work.
In Trump's proposed 2018 budget, the NEH, along with its sister agency, the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), would be eliminated. At $148 million, the NEH budget is 1/21,000th of the $4 trillion US federal budget—a minuscule figure the NEH affectionately likens to “barely more per capita than the cost of a postage stamp.” (The military, meanwhile, would receive a $54 billion boost in Trump's budget, increasing its total spending to almost $640 billion.)
The NEH has quietly, but profoundly, advanced uniquely American interests since its inception in 1965. America would be considerably less great without it.
There may not be another government agency that does so much with so little. Created by an act of congress over 50 years ago, the NEH has funded countless books, museums, research projects, lectures, and exhibitions, in every US state, devoted to the study of the humanities (language; linguistics; literature; history; jurisprudence; philosophy; archaeology; religion; ethics, and arts criticism).
It funded some of the most influential books on American intellectual history, including Jack Rakove's Original Meanings: Politics and Ideas in the Making of the Constitution and Gordon Wood's The Creation of the American Republic, 1776-1787. It sponsored the United States Newspaper Project, which digitized more than 60 million pages of historic papers. It creates innovative programs for veterans. It grants fellowships and awards to historically black colleges and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and Native American communities all over the US.
You might not know it, but if you live in the United States, you've likely come across an NEH program either during your schooling or in your adult life. I've benefited from the agency's initiatives several times throughout mine.
The best course I took in high school (a public school in New Jersey), was called IPLE, or the Institute for Political and Legal Education. The course teaches civics, as well as important concepts about US constitutional law and the judiciary. Each year, students in the class compete in the “We the People” competition, a series of simulated congressional hearings in which participants can flex what they've learned about the US constitution as it applies to civil cases. It was one of the coolest things I got to do in high school, and made me want to become a history major in college.
The organization that runs the competition, the Center for Civic Education, is funded in part by the NEH.
In college, I used the agency's microfilmed newspaper catalog to conduct research for several projects. I read Pulitzer-winning books by Rakove, Wood, Eric Foner, and Bernard Bailyn, all of which were made possible by NEH grants. And that was just in the course of studying American history. No doubt budding linguists, philosophers, and lawyers had similar experiences throughout their education.
No academic discipline has done more to promote democratic ideals or cultivate America's cultural identity than the humanities. Without the NEH, America's understanding of its own importance in the world would be decidedly less complete. To erase it is to literally erase centuries of history.
Donald Trump has spent two years telling the American people he will make America great again. If you want to know what made America great in the first place, and continues to make America great as long as it still exists, check out an NEH exhibit.
My friend M. is a woman who was assaulted by her ex. Her ex happens to be a woman, too, of trans history. When the news of what had happened broke, her story was drowned out by all of the people who only wanted to use their story as an ideological argument. They took the focus from the personal, intimate, terrifying crime that happened and put it instead on the identity of the person who was guilty of committing it.
Those of us who are partnered to trans people are used to this, to some degree. The trans person takes up all the space; they're the ones people are interested in, who people go out of their way to validate or compliment or criticize. We disappear.
My friend needed to press charges, to see justice of some kind, to let her children know that they should never let a lover treat them like this no matter who the person is or the “reason” for it. Instead, reports about the crime disappeared her, the victim, and so the very tiniest thing I could do to help was give her a platform to tell her story.
I am embarrassed and ashamed that my fellow feminists and others have made this about everyone but the person it should have been about, and who effectively forced by friend to speak up as a trans ally instead of being able to focus on her own healing.
So here's what she had to say:
TO all of the people who deny the personhood and womanhood of trans women,
I am the woman who was victimized by my former spouse. She recently pled guilty to two misdemeanors for domestic violence. The news about her crime has been commented on by people for whom her trans status and her genitals seem to be of utmost importance, and who want to use my ex as a way to somehow “prove” that she's really a man and in turn that her bad behavior somehow means that all trans women are “really” men (and that all men are, in turn, incorrigibly violent and likely to rape).
My own voice has been drowned out in all this, so I wanted to say a few words.
You are so focused on history and the genitals of the person who violated me. It's literally the loudest conversation out there, drowning out the actual victim's story – MY STORY. It is also, GROSSLY missing the point. I'm calling you a “hate group” because your anger regarding the violence against women perpetrated by men has so taken over your brain that your hairtrigger hatred automatically pounces on ANY OPPORTUNITY to denounce trans women as men, and to denounce men for how horrible they are.
My case is not about the genitals of my wife. Her chromosomal structure and genital configuration and that she was assigned male at birth have got NOTHING TO DO with the sexual violation of my body. Why does it matter if she used her penis or even has one? WHO CARES?? You want so badly to create the “all men/penises are evil” platform, that you can't see the anguish your comments cause me, the victim, and other victims of sexual abuse.
The CRIME here was not her gender configuration. What if she had XX chromosomes or a vagina? What if she had used a carrot? A bamboo plant? A fist, a dildo, or ANY OTHER BODY PART OR OBJECT? The CRIME was the sexual violation of my body by someone I loved, who was under the influence of alcohol. THAT should be the focus of this conversation, not the instrument used.
I've always supported my wife's transition. I didn't know her as a man for long, but it didn't matter to me because I loved who she was and didn't mind what form her body took: I knew that I would love her body forever. She was a gentle, sweet, vulnerable person. It's one of the things I loved about her. She was the most considerate intimate partner I had ever had. She was a far cry from my previous marriage, where a cisgender male did indeed commit all the crimes you would attribute to a male abuser. He was all the horrible things without the alcohol.
I loved our intimate relationship. That's what makes this crime particularly horrifying. It was something I LOVED. Something we BOTH loved. It wasn't her genitals that caused the crime. Even during the assault, she was saying I was beautiful, over and over. She didn't even know what she was doing. It was like she wasn't THERE. She wasn't angry or saying horrible things. On the contrary. But that was the real mind fuck. When I told her to stop and that we weren't going to be doing that this time, and that she would regret it in the morning, she just said, “No I won't”, like ‘don't be silly', and she didn't stop. And she wouldn't stop. And she kept hurting me. And hurting me. She was someone else then.
Because she would have never done this sober.
I am not saying that her addiction is an excuse, but I can't ignore the horrible effects of it, either. Ask anyone who has had a DUI or done something else horrible while under the influence. The problem is when that usually wonderful person is dangerous when under the influence. They must be held accountable for their behavior. As far as I'm concerned, her crime began that night with her first drink.
In my case, I am deeply saddened that the LGBT and feminist communities have remained almost entirely silent about my experience. The intersectionality of this event SHOULD BE a conversation, and we should have it BECAUSE it makes us uncomfortable. Much easier to pretend it's not there. Let's just stay angry at all the men and people with penises! So much EASIER, RIGHT?
It's disappointing that some people are unwilling or unable to do the emotional work it requires to process that someone they care about can be capable of something really awful. But from the experienced feminist and LGBT communities, I expected better.
The transphobic radical feminists and other transphobic people will continue to rage over the state of my wife's genitals, and I can't stop them. But I hope more intelligent and thoughtful people will rise to the occasion to steer the conversation to what really matters.
I want her to be accountable. I want this to never happen again. I want to forgive her. I want this story to be about forgiveness and redemption. I need it to be. I need others to let it be that, too – to be my story, my trauma, my choice, my agency.
Like this: Like Loading...
Bernie at the table now with Sandra Bland's mother and sister:
“What happened to your daughter is inexcusable,” he said. “We are broken, and this has exposed us.” He then continued by promising that he would continue to #SayHerName #SandraBland and would not give up in the pursuit of justice.
We asked Senator Sanders if we could take a picture with him and he consented. He did not impose upon Ms. Geneva to ask for a picture of his own. He did not use the moment as an opportunity to promote his campaign. He took no record, he made no statement. He did not try to turn it into a publicity stunt. He simply made space for a sacred moment, and then let it pass without trying to gain anything from it.
When each sacred moment appears and passes, it gives me renewed hope and confidence that the legacy of Sandra Bland's struggle for justice is making it's eternal mark in this world. Senator Sanders was right. Her death was inexcusable; yet her legacy moves forward without yielding.
Hannah speaking to Bernie's decency:Hannah was deeply touched by the serendipity and grace of the meeting of these people:May we remember Sandra Bland, Eric Garner, Freddie Gray, Tamir Rice, and all the others lost at the hands of an injust system.
And thanks again to Bernie for keeping Sandra's legacy alive by saying her name at the debates, for 15 million to hear and to be reminded of all the work we must accomplish in the days ahead.
Question: How did you lose your religion?Gervais: Well, I love… I love Jesus. You know, I believed in God. I think, my mom wanted me to. I think, for a working class woman, who's rushed off her feet, you know, the most she can hope for is the… their son don't… so they don't get killed in a barroom fight. And Jesus, I suppose, is an invisible, free babysitter, you know. If I can't see you, someone's watching you. Which is obviously misplaced. Very sweet, you know, but misplaced. And I was about 8 and I was… I was doing something from the Bible and my brother came in, he was older than me, his name is Bob, still is, and he was about 19, and he said, “What are you doing?” I said, “I'm doing this for Jesus, God.” He said, “Why do you believe in God?” And my mom went, “Bob,” and I knew you. I knew then that she was hiding something from me and he was… he was telling the truth. And I thought about it. And I was a bit of a scientist even then. You know, I could read really well by the time I was 3. I suppose I was a bit of an experiment ‘cause I was the youngest by 11 years, you know. And I was into science and nature and I suppose I was a logical person. And I thought… Yeah. But I learn it through body language. I learn it through that human [interplay] between these two people. The one was worried about what the other one was going to tell me so I assume that my brother had something big to tell me and my mom, protecting me, didn't want me to hear it. So I just made the conclusion that he was right.
Question: Do your beliefs affect your comedy? Gervais: No, I'm just being honest, you know. I mean, I… I can't see that there could be a God, you know. I mean, spiritually and religion is two different things, don't forget, you know. I can't make myself believe something I don't believe. I wish there was a God, you know. And I wish he was all the things people said he was, all powerful and kind and… and all that. By definition, the impossibility is overwhelming, to me. And then, there's… Then, there's religion, which use that truth for the… for their own personal gain. And that's something else. And that's [barren] and disgusting. Religious fascism is the only thing, apart from animal quarry, that gets my blood boiling. But people who believe in God doesn't worry at all. You know, I live by… I live by Christian values, I suppose. You know, I live by… or any religious values that preaches forgiveness and, you know, do as you would be done by and… you know. I just do it for different reasons. I do it because I think this is my only time on Earth and I should… I should enjoy it and be part of it and celebrate it and be nice to everyone ‘cause we're… we're animals, we need to be loved and lead a decent life. So, yeah. If you believe in God and that gets you through and it makes you a nicer person, then… then so be it. But I just… I just… I don't believe. And I feel sometimes that atheists, and I'm an atheist, not agnostic, one of the few things I'm sure of in life, I think they get a bad [press] that we take the art out of beauty in the world, which is not true. The fact the, you know, the Earth is 4.6 billion years old and, you know, the 4 million species of animal and… and they've evolved by accident is, I think, more beautiful than any intelligent design [that could claim].
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has launched a strongly worded attack on Sinn Féin and the republican movement in the wake of the allegations by Belfast woman Maíria Cahill of rape and cover-up.
He said the IRA “covered up abuse, moved the perpetrators around so the untouchables would remain untouchable”.
“They thought so much of this Republic that they would honour their rapists, gift us their child abusers under that so-called elite republican dispensation.
“Northern Ireland would be scoured, secured and sanctified while down here and incognito their rejects and ejects, their undesirables and their exiles could live with, even prey on our women and our children.”
He said to Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams: “If you want to rescue any semblance of credibility from these events you will tell the legitimate authorities exactly who these people are.”
He said the republican movement “buried the dangerous living along with the discarded dead”.
Opening a three-hour debate on allegations regarding sexual abuse by members of the provisional republican movement, he said Ms Cahill was ritually and habitually degraded.
Addressing Mr Adams and comments Ms Cahill alleged he made to her, the Taoiseach said “she as the victim did not give her manipulated consent tacit or otherwise.
“She felt horrified and traumatised and when this shaking young woman had to face the unshakeable men of the IRA about this gross violation of her very person.”
Mr Kenny said that “instead of manning up, instead of doing what real men would have done, which would have been to comfort her, to reassure her that yes this was wrong and grievous, that no none of this was her fault, they did the polar opposite”.
“Drawing themselves up to their full political height, their paramilitary weight, they objectified her, they humiliated her, they degraded her all over again.”
He said the IRA did all this simply because they could, they had all the power and no responsibility.
They had their own enthralling vision of what constituted crime and what constituted punishment.
He said republicans had their own private army they could react as judge, jury, vanisher and executioner.
Mr Kenny said the debate was brought about by the courage of Mairia Cahill and the allegations she has made.
Addressing Mr Adams, he said: “You have a duty as Uachtaráin of your party to find out who these people who are moved where they are and give that information to the gardaí.
Tánaiste Joan Burton said she had been struck by Mairia Cahill's “bravery, courage and determination” after listening to her for an hour. “She also lifted the lid on the reality of life in a community under the brutal control of the IRA, a community where the need to protect the abuser trumped the needs of the victim, lest the reputation of the IRA suffer,” Ms Burton added.
“And a community whose political leaders continue to live and work in the midst of children, contrary to all the rules of child protection....”
The Tánaiste challenged Ms McDonald to apply the same standards as she did when condemning the Catholic Church's cover-up of sex abuse. “In particular, does she apply this standard to the ‘powerful man' who leads her own party ?” Ms Burton said Gerry Adams's response to the Mairia Cahill case had been “one of denial, evasion and seeking to protect the IRA”. She added: “He denies any knowledge of an internal IRA investigation or of meeting Mairia as she states. He evades any responsibility for IRA and Sinn Féin involvement, claiming that the courts have cleared the abuser.”
Meath East TD Regina Doherty said she had the names of eight alleged abusers relocated to the Republic by Sinn Féin.
“To be honest with you, I am too afraid to name them here today,'' she added. “So I have exercised my duty by making an appointment with local sergeant on Friday morning to hand over that information to the Garda.''
Ms Doherty challenged Mr Adams to tell the House about an internal investigation, led by him and other senior Sinn Féin politicians, which identified in excess of 100 victims of sexual and physical abuse at the hands of Sinn Féin or IRA members. “What did it uncover; did you report it to the gardaí ?''
She said she was disgusted and disappointed beyond belief that Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald would “so cheaply sell your integrity for political positioning and that your naked political ambition would cause you to fail the children of our nation, to fail families and victims and all in the name of a cheap power grab''.
Writing More Code by Writing Less Code with Android Studio Live Templates
An Android Tool Time Pro Tip
Reto Meier Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 17, 2016
If you've written much Android code, you've probably made this mistake at least once:
Toast.makeText(MainActivity.this, "This will not be displayed");
What if I told you there was a way to guarantee you can avoid this mistake, and also use fewer keystrokes?
What is this magic I speak of? Live Templates!
If you're an experienced IntelliJ user, you're probably already aware of Live Templates — in which case skips ahead to the Android-specific templates included in Android Studio
Unless you're getting paid by the keystroke, no one wants to write repetitive boilerplate code. It's easier to show than explain, so here's how they work.
Live template to (correctly) create and display a new Toast
As you can see, Live Templates are shortcuts displayed as code-completion options that, when selected, insert a code snippet that you can tab through to specify any required arguments.
For example, as shown above — typing “Toast” then hitting the Tab key inserts the code for displaying a new Toast with argument placeholders that you can enter, before hitting tab and moving on to the next argument.
Android Studio Live Templates: A Handy Reference
IntelliJ includes over dozens of Live Templates, and Android Studio features another 48 specific for Android development. Here are a few of my favorites for easy reference
The Wall Street Journal, Reuters, Forbes and other financial media outlets are reporting that the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York has indicted the founders of PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker, Absolute Poker and UB and seized their websites in the latest attempt to crack down on online gaming.
Instead of the site's usual homepage, visitors are given the message, “This domain name has been seized by the F.B.I. pursuant to an Arrest Warrant in Rem obtained by the United States Attorney's Office.”
The U.S. Department of Justice released a press release about the indictment, naming 11 site representatives as defendants for allegedly violating the terms of the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA) of 2006. The allegations state that the poker companies illegally coerced U.S. banks into processing payments after the UIGEA was passed.
In addition, restraining orders were issued against 76 different bank accounts and payment processors who were named in the Department of Justice's recently unsealed indictment.
Full Tilt Poker issued a statement Friday night, explaining that while they do not agree with the actions taken by the Department of Justice, they have decided to suspend all U.S. players from their real money games.
Full Tilt's CEO Raymond Bitar, who is one of the defendants named in the indictment along with colleague Nelson Burtnick, said in the press release, “I am surprised and disappointed by the government's decision to bring these charges. I look forward to Mr. Burtnick's and my exoneration.”
The PokerStars client greets players with a message assuring them that their account balances will remain intact. “As you may have heard, we have had to suspend real money poker services to people based in the U.S. due to legal developments there. The developments are confined to the U.S. and do not have any impact on your ability to continue using our services. Please be assured player balances are safe. There is no cause for concern. For all customers outside the U.S. it is business as usual.”
After hearing the news, Poker Players Alliance chairman Alfonse D'Amato released a statement. “On behalf of the millions of poker players across the country, we are shocked at the action taken by the U.S. Department of Justice today against online poker companies and will continue to fight for Americans' right to participate in the game they enjoy. Online poker is not a crime and should not be treated as such. We are currently gathering all of the information around today's announcement and will offer detailed analysis when the full facts become available.”
Some close to the case speculate that Daniel Tzvetkoff, an alleged former payment processor for online poker companies, has provided details to the U.S. government.
Card Player will update this story as more details continue to materialize.
UPDATE 12:30 PST — PokerStars has blocked U.S. players from all real money games.
UPDATE 6:45 PST — Full Tilt Poker has blocked U.S. players from all real money games.
This undated photo provided by the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission shows Akayed Ullah, the suspect in the explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Ullah is suspected of strapping a pipe bomb to his body and setting off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, injuring himself and a few others. (New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission via AP)
NEW YORK (AP) — The Bangladeshi immigrant arrested in a botched suicide bombing in the New York subway mocked President Donald Trump on Facebook on his way to carry out the attack, writing “Trump you failed to protect your nation,” authorities said Tuesday as they brought federal charges against him.
Akayed Ullah, 27, was accused of detonating a pipe bomb strapped to his body in an underground passageway between Times Square — the city's busiest subway station — and the bustling Port Authority Bus Terminal. The device did not fully detonate, and Ullah was the only one seriously hurt in the Monday morning attack.
At the hospital where he was taken with burns on his hands and torso, he told officers, “I did it for the Islamic State,” according to the criminal complaint. Also, a search of his Brooklyn apartment turned up a passport in his name, scrawled with the words “O AMERICA, DIE IN YOUR RAGE,” authorities said.
He was expected to appear before a magistrate, though it was not immediately clear if he was well enough to go to court. His court-appointed lawyer did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
At a news conference, Acting U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said Ullah picked a rush hour on a weekday to maximize casualties in his quest “to kill, to maim and to destroy.”
Ullah, “with a hate-filled heart and an evil purpose,” carried out the attack after researching how to build a bomb a year ago and planned his mission for several weeks, Kim said.
The bomb was assembled in the past week using fragments of a metal pipe, a battery and a Christmas tree light bulb, along with metal screws as shrapnel, authorities said. They said it was strapped to his body with wires and zip ties.
The defendant “had apparently hoped to die in his own misguided rage, taking as many innocent people as he could with him, but through incredible good fortune, his bomb did not seriously injure anyone other than himself,” Kim said.
Ullah was charged with providing material support to a terrorist group, use of a weapon of mass destruction and three bomb-related counts. He could get up to life in prison.
According to the court papers, Ullah started to become radicalized in 2014 and began researching how to build a bomb after watching ISIS propaganda materials online, include a video urging supporters to carry out attacks in their home countries. Law enforcement officials said there was no evidence he had any direct contact with the militants.
He taunted Trump on Facebook just before the attack, authorities said.
In reaction to the bombing, the president demanded a tightening of immigration rules.
Ullah entered the country in 2011 on a visa available to certain relatives of U.S. citizens. Less than two months ago, an Uzbek immigrant who came to the U.S. through a visa lottery was accused of killing eight people in New York by mowing them down with a truck along a bike path.
“We're going to end both of them — the lottery system and chain migration. We're going to end them fast,” Trump said at the White House.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. He was licensed to drive a livery cab from 2012 to 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, officials said.
He “was living here, went through number of jobs, was not particularly struggling financially or had any known pressures,” John Miller, the New York Police Department's deputy commissioner for counterterrorism, said Tuesday on CBS. He added that Ullah “was not on our radar at NYPD, not on the FBI radar.”
Overseas, Bangladesh counterterrorism officers questioned Ullah's wife and other relatives, officials said. Relatives and police said Ullah last visited Bangladesh in September to see his wife and newborn son.
___
Associated Press writers Colleen Long, Jake Pearson and Kiley Armstrong contributed to this report.
It's a really exciting day today, folks. It marks the ninth anniversary of my friend Johnny Gamber's first pencil review on Pencil Revolution! He wrote about Pencils.com's ForestChoice pencils.
It's speculated by Pencils.com's Fearless Leader (and CalCedar president and CEO) Charles Berolzheimer, this is the first pencil review, ever, on the internet. (And to celebrate that, Pencils.com is having a one-day-only sale on ForestChoice products — 25% off!)
Congratulations, Johnny! Long live the Revolution!
Yesterday marked the first day the Blackwing Slate was available for purchase. If you get emails from Pencils.com, or have been reading the blogs at Pencils.com and Blackwing602.com (there are a lot of websites nowadays in this franchise), you may have seen teasers for this product. It's a Moleskine-like notebook, but improved for co-branding with the Palomino Blackwing. And, in my opinion, way nicer than a Moleskine.
It seems that the devil is in the details with notebooks nowadays. The Baron Fig, reviewed here back in April, excelled in the little design choices that set it apart from its rivals. The same thing applies to the Slate — there are numerous little improvements that really make it stand out.
The Exterior
Its size is quite similar to the Palomino-branded journal line at 5” by 8.25”. The cover is a bit thicker and softer,though, and very matte — more of a shark skin feel to the harder, shinier Palomino hardcover. I'm not sure about this softness — I hope that it means it won't scratch easily. Only time will tell. Besides that, it's quite nice to touch.
It has a really nice thick elastic loop on the spine for a pencil, which is a great feature. This isn't a dinky little piece of elastic either — this thing looks like it'll hold its stretch for years.
Speaking of spines, the really innovative thing (in my opinion) about the Slate is the spine. because there's a pencil strapped close to the spine, the two thick covers stop at the edge, and then are bound together with a substrate (I think I'm using that word correctly here). Essentially, the spine is reinforced, not with an extension of the cover board, but with the cloth that binds the cover to the signatures of pages inside.
It results in a very flexible cover — the first time I opened it, it wasn't stiff at all. And I can even open it with the pencil still in the loop, which is great. It seems like it might make the notebook less durable — if the cover's not protecting the spine, will it tear easier? Again, time will tell.
The Paper
Man. I love, love this paper. It boasts a 100gsm paper, compared to the Palomino luxury notebook's 90gsm and Rhodia's 80gsm paper. It's so thick and plush, you guys.
It's available in both lined and plain. Since the guys at Pencils.com know I am not an artist, they sent me a lined one to try out. The grey lines are set apart 0.25” on an off-white paper. The paper is smooth, but not as smooth as Rhodia paper. It has a little tooth on it, specifically engineered — I hope — for pencil. It's the perfect amount to grab your graphite but still feel smooth.
I tried it out with a medium-nib fountain pen, just to see how the paper held up to ink (though it would be sacrilege to use anything but pencil in this notebook!), and it worked great! No bleeding of note at all on the opposite page.
The Details
Besides the spine, this is what really gives the Blackwing Slate its distinction, and contributes greatly to those details I mentioned earlier. It has all the Moleskiney amenities, but all a bit nicer than the Moleskine's — a satin bookmark, an elastic strap to keep the cover closed, a paper pocket in the back to hold stuff.
(That pocket is interesting — it's actually a double pocket, with a small flat on the front for small things like, say, a driver's license or credit card, and a wider one behind to hold things slightly smaller than the cover)
It even comes with a shiny new Palomino Blackwing 602 pencil tucked in the pencil loop on the spine!
It's the details.
The Price
The Slate sells for $22.95, a full $9 more than a Moleskine Classic notebook sells at Barnes & Noble. The included pencil is worth about $2 of that price, so at $20.95, is the notebook worth it?
Depending on a lot of factors, of course, in general, I'd say that yes, it's worth it. I'm not trying to bash Moleskine here (we actually had a discussion on the most recent episode of Erasable about how it's become fashionable to look down on Moleskine), but the Slate is much better constructed, the paper is so much heavier and nicer, and for a pencil user like me, that elastic loop on the spine is wonderful.
Go check it out!
The Blackwing Slate | $22.95 at Pencils.com
Disclaimer: This product was sent to me, free of charge, for review purposes. No monetary compensation or additional direction was provided to me.
Bill Clinton's staff demanded extravagant speaking fees and accommodations for several events in California shortly after departing the White House, raising eyebrows among the organizations that had invited the former president to speak.
The lavish expenses, such as $700 for a dinner for two, a $1,400 phone bill and $15,000 worth of air travel costs were revealed in documents obtained by the Republican National Committee and shared with the Los Angeles Times.
One email between organizers of an event indicated the speech hosts were "shocked" at the fees Bill Clinton, Madeleine Albright and Al Gore had requested for their participation.
In another email conversation between event hosts and a staff member of the Harry Walker Agency, which represented Bill Clinton on the speaking circuit, organizers said they were worried about the expenses the former president was racking up.
"You should know that there will be expenses that you are responsible for paying," an unnamed agency staffer said, noting that "we have never had a client complain when they received his hotel bill for incidentals."
The records provide insight into the enormous amount of planning and coordination that went into each engagement Bill Clinton attended.
He and his wife raked in more than $100 million in speaking fees since leaving the White House, a practice that has caused problems for Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail.
The former secretary of state has refused to release transcripts from her speeches to Wall Street executives, and her husband's frequent speeches to entities with foreign ties have come under fire for creating conflicts of interest for Hillary Clinton when she worked at the State Department.
WASHINGTON — Just five days after taking office, over dinner with his newly installed secretary of defence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, President Donald Trump was presented with the first of what will be many life-or-death decisions: whether to approve a commando raid that risked the lives of U.S. Special Operations forces and foreign civilians alike.
President Barack Obama's national security aides had reviewed the plans for a risky attack on a small, heavily guarded brick home of a senior Qaida collaborator in a mountainous village in a remote part of central Yemen. But Obama did not act because the Pentagon wanted to launch the attack on a moonless night and the next one would come after his term had ended.
With two of his closest advisers, Jared Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, joining the dinner at the White House along with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., Trump approved sending in the Navy's SEAL Team 6, hoping the raid early last Sunday would scoop up cellphones and laptop computers that could yield valuable clues about one of the world's most dangerous terrorist groups. Vice President Mike Pence and Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, also attended the dinner.
As it turned out, almost everything that could go wrong did. And Wednesday, Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present as the body of the American commando killed in the raid was returned home, the first military death on the new commander-in-chief's watch.
The death of Chief Petty Officer William Owens came after a chain of miscues and misjudgments that plunged the elite commandos into a ferocious 50-minute firefight that also left three others wounded and a $75 million aircraft deliberately destroyed. There are allegations — which the Pentagon acknowledged Wednesday night are most likely correct — that the mission also killed several civilians, including some children. The dead include, by the account of al-Qaida's branch in Yemen, the 8-year-old daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, the U.S.-born Qaida leader who was killed in a targeted drone strike in 2011.
Trump on Sunday hailed his first counterterrorism operation as a success, claiming the commandos captured “important intelligence that will assist the U.S. in preventing terrorism against its citizens and people around the world.” A statement by the military's Central Command on Wednesday night that acknowledged the likelihood of civilian casualties also said the recovered materials had provided some initial information helpful to counterterrorism analysts. The statement did not provide details.
But the mission's casualties raise doubts about the months of detailed planning that went into the operation during the Obama administration and whether the right questions were raised before its approval. Typically, the president's advisers lay out the risks, but Pentagon officials declined to characterize any discussions with Trump.
A senior administration official said Wednesday night that the Defense Department had conducted a legal review of the operation that Trump approved and that a Pentagon lawyer had signed off on it.
Trump's new national security team — led by Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency and a retired general with experience in counterterrorism raids — has said that it wants to speed the decision-making when it comes to such strikes, delegating more power to lower-level officials so that the military may respond more quickly.
Indeed, the Pentagon is drafting such plans to accelerate activities against the Qaida branch in Yemen. But doing that also raises the possibility of error.
“You can mitigate risk in missions like this, but you can't mitigate risk down to zero,” said William Wechsler, a former top counterterrorism official at the Pentagon.
They kind of knew they were screwed from the beginning
In this case, the assault force of several dozen commandos, which also included elite troops from the United Arab Emirates, was jinxed from the start. Qaida fighters were somehow tipped off to the troops' stealthy advance toward the village — perhaps by the whine of U.S. drones that local tribal leaders said were flying lower and louder than usual.
Through a communications intercept, the commandos knew that the mission had been somehow compromised, but pressed on toward their target roughly 5 miles from where they had been flown into the area.
“They kind of knew they were screwed from the beginning,” said one former SEAL Team 6 official.
With the crucial element of surprise lost, the Americans and Emiratis found themselves in a gunbattle with Qaida fighters who took up positions in other houses, a clinic, a school and a mosque, often using women and children as cover, U.S. military officials said in interviews this week.
The commandos were taken aback when some of the women grabbed weapons and started firing, multiplying the militant firepower beyond what they had expected. The Americans called in airstrikes from helicopter gunships and fighter aircraft that helped kill some 14 Qaida fighters, but not before an MV-22 Osprey aircraft involved in the operation experienced a “hard landing,” injuring three more U.S. personnel on board. The Osprey, which the Marine Corps said cost $75 million, was badly damaged and had to be destroyed by an airstrike.
The raid, some details of which were first reported by The Washington Post, also destroyed much of the village of Yakla, and left senior Yemeni government officials seething. Yemen's foreign minister, Abdul Malik Al Mekhlafi, condemned the raid Monday in a post on his official Twitter account as “extrajudicial killings.”
Baraa Shiban, a Yemeni fellow for Reprieve, a London-based human rights group, said he spoke by phone to a tribal sheikh in the village, Jabbr Abu Soraima, who told him: “People were afraid to leave their houses because the sound of choppers and drones were all over the sky. Everyone feared of being hit by the drones or shot by the soldiers on the ground.”
After initially denying there were any civilian casualties, Pentagon officials backtracked somewhat Sunday after reports from Yemeni authorities begin trickling in and grisly photographs of bloody children purportedly killed in the attack appeared on social media sites affiliated with al-Qaida's branch in Yemen.
Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said Monday that some of the women were combatants.
The operation was the first known U.S.-led ground mission in Yemen since December 2014, when members of SEAL Team 6 stormed a village in southern Yemen in an effort to free an American photojournalist held hostage by al-Qaida. But the raid ended with the kidnappers killing the journalist and a South African held with him.
That mission and the raid over the weekend revealed the shortcomings of secretive military operations in Yemen. The United States was forced to withdraw the last 125 Special Operations advisers from the country in March 2015 after Houthi rebels ousted the government of President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, the Americans' main counterterrorism partner.
The loss of Yemen as a base for U.S. counterterrorism training, advising and intelligence-gathering was a significant blow to blunting the advance of al-Qaida's branch in the country and keeping tabs on their plots. The Pentagon has tried to start rebuilding its counterterrorism operations in Yemen, however; last year, U.S. Special Operations forces helped Emirati troops evict Qaida fighters from the port city of Mukalla.
— with files from Sean D. Naylor
by Luke Wroblewski January 15, 2013
It's hard to get people to download your mobile application. But if they do, what greets them when they open it up for the first time? A step by step tour? A sign up form? Both might be missed opportunities to get people engaged and interested in your service. In fact, you might want to consider a gradual engagement approach instead. Here's why...
Mobile App Realities
Before diving into gradual engagement, let's look at the realities of mobile app usage. In 2011, the average smartphone user downloaded about 2.5 new mobile apps a month. iOS users were on the high end with about 5 apps downloaded per month. Even if these numbers have gone up over the past year, that's still not a lot of opportunity to get downloaded.
If you do get a download, chances are most people won't stick around. One study found that 26% of all apps downloaded were opened only once and then never used again. Only 26% were used 11 times or more. Of the remaining 48% of apps: 13% are opened only twice, 9% are opened only three times, and so on.
Of course, there are lots of reasons why people don't use apps on an ongoing basis but your sign-up process shouldn't be one of them. After all the hard work to get a download, losing new users at sign-up is a significant opportunity lost.
How significant? One very large scale app saw only 25% completion of their sign-up process. Vibhu Norby, the co-founder of Everyme wrote in detail how his app (at best) “retained 5% of users through their entire onboarding process”. In other words, expect a lot of drop-off.
Gradual Engagement
Gradual engagement is the process of moving a user through an application or service – actually engaging with it, and seeing its benefits. With gradual engagement, new users are not just presented with a registration form and then dropped off a cliff. Instead, registration is either postponed, or handled behind the scenes and the first time experience is focused on giving people an understanding of how they can use a service and why they should care to.
This is the approach we took with our mobile app, Polar. Polar is all about sharing and collecting opinions. So out the gates, that's what we allow anyone opening the app for the first time to do: vote instantly on the polls they see. 87% of people who download the app do.
Here's how it works. When a new or logged-out user opens Polar, they are presented with a list of polls to vote on. We hold on to all their votes so if they ever create a username and profile page, all their votes will carry over.
Commenting or creating a poll requires an account and the dreaded sign-up form. But we've made a lot of design decisions to make that process as fast and painless as possible. Massimo Pascotto recently wrote an article about the design of our sign-up screen if you're interested in more.
Results
With gradual engagement we can communicate what our mobile apps do and why people should care by actually allowing people to interact with them right away. We can capitalize on all the hard work it takes to get a download instead of turning 75% of our potential audience away with sign-up requirements.
85% of the over 3.5 million votes on Polar came from signed-in users. But another 15% came from people voting without an account. And we're happy to give them a voice as well. No sign-up form required.
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump should avoid making comments that hurt the people of Puerto Rico, San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz told CNN following a briefing with Trump on the island.
"I think his staff understands now and they have all the data they need," Yulín Cruz said. "But I would hope that the President of the United States stops spouting out comments that really hurt the people of Puerto Rico because rather than commander in chief he sort of becomes miscommunicator in chief."
Yulín Cruz said in an interview with CNN's Leyla Santiago that a briefing with Trump on Tuesday preceded a "productive" discussion with administration staff, but she lamented the tone of the President's remarks in the wake of back-to-back hurricanes
Trump has accused Yulín Cruz of taking a political angle to criticize his administration's relief efforts, and Yulín Cruz said she was able to speak with the President briefly when he shook her hand at Tuesday's event.
"I told him, 'Mr. President this is about saving lives. It's not about politics,'" Yulín Cruz said. "That's all the interaction that mayors had with him."
At the event, Trump praised Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló, saying the governor wasn't "playing politics" -- an apparent swipe at the San Juan mayor.
"I just want to tell you that right from the beginning this governor was not playing politics," Trump said as he huddled with local and federal officials on the island for a briefing on recovery efforts. "He was giving us the highest grades."
Trump attacked Yulín Cruz on Saturday for criticizing the White House's hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico, accusing her of "poor leadership" and suggesting that the island's residents are not doing enough to help themselves.
"The mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump," the President tweeted from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where he spent the weekend. "Such poor leadership ability by the mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort.
Earlier Tuesday morning, Trump appeared to soften his criticism, saying Yulín Cruz "acknowledged" the work the White House has done on the island.
"Well I think she's come back a long way," he said. "I think it's now acknowledged what a great job we've done. And people are looking at that. In Texas and in Florida, we get an A-plus. I think we've done just as good in Puerto Rico and it's actually a much tougher situation ... Whether it's her or anybody else, they're all starting to say it."
In the interview following the event, Yulín Cruz said she would have preferred Trump listen to herself and the other mayors about the situation on the ground, but she said the second portion of the event -- the part without Trump -- was productive.
"I saw a real connection between the reality and the White House staff," Yulín Cruz said.
At the event, Trump made a remark about the size of the response needed for the crisis in Puerto Rico that Yulín Cruz said she found insensitive.
"I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack," Trump said jokingly, adding: "That's fine. We've saved a lot of lives."
Yulín Cruz said Trump's comments prove a "lack of sensibility" on the part of the President.
"It doesn't make you feel good," she said. "It's about respect for the Puerto Rican people, and it's about saving lives."
The spectacle of Trump's comments over the weekend slamming Yulín Cruz and others on their own response efforts as Puerto Rico struggles to deal with a disaster that left millions without power and with limited access to water -- and as Trump comes under fire for what some have called a slow federal reaction -- sparked a firestorm of reaction online.
In an interview with MSNBC, Yulín Cruz said she wasn't making "nasty comments" about Trump, adding that her only goal was to save lives.
"I was asking for help," she said. "I wasn't saying anything nasty about the President."
Yulín Cruz told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Saturday that she works out of a building that has two Federal Emergency Management Agency envoys and she feels there had been sufficient cooperation.
In contrast, Rosselló praised the administration on Saturday, saying it had done a good job of responding to Puerto Rico's concerns after the hurricane.
"We need to do a lot more in order for us to get out of the emergency," Rosselló said in San Juan. "But the other thing that's also true is that the administration has answered and has complied with our petitions in an expedited manner."
Welcome to “everyone I disagree with works for Putin,” the UK version.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn sits on the polar opposite of the political spectrum in most respects from U.S. President elect Donald Trump, yet they are both being accused of the same blasphemy — wanting peace with Russia. Here's what I'm talking about, from The Independent:
In an interview with BBC Wales today, Mr Corbyn said it was “unfortunate that troops have gone up to the border on both sides”. He added: “I don't want to see any more troops deployed on the borders between Nato and Russia, I want to see a de-escalation, ultimately a de-militarisation and better relationships between both sides of it... there cannot be a return to a Cold War mentality.”
This is precisely the sort of sober commentary I'd want to hear from an elected leader at such an unnecessarily charged and dangerous moment, yet Mr. Corbyn was attacked for it in a manner quite familiar to us Americans…
The Conservative Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning has accused Jeremy Corbyn of “collaborating with Russia” in response to comments that British troops about to be deployed to Estonia were there to “escalate tensions” between Russia and NATO. Mr Penning said the comments made on Wednesday by a spokesperson for Mr Corbyn showed that Labour “cannot be trusted with Britain's national security”. Mr Penning said: “Britain has Nato's second biggest defence budget and plays a leading role in the alliance. It is unprecedented for a leader of the opposition to attack the defensive deployment of British troops in Nato territory. “These comments suggest that the Labour leader would rather collaborate with Russian aggression than mutually support Britain's Nato allies. As with Trident, everything Labour says and does shows that they cannot be trusted with Britain's national security.”
The fact that Jeremy Corbyn is being attacked in exactly the same manner as Donald Trump tells us all we need to know. Namely, that if you disagree with the neocon/neoliberal establishment's foreign policy, this makes you an agent of Vladimir Putin. Absurd and childish? Certainly, but that's what they're going with. Which is extremely important to recognize.
Those of us opposed to a continued insane push for more imperial overseas militarism must understand this isn't a partisan issue. There is an entrenched establishment in power, and they laugh at Republican/Democrat or Conservative/Labour distinctions. These people are totally united in their thirst for confrontation with Russia.
Ok, fine, so what do we do about it? The reason I'm pointing all of this out is to stress the importance of unity. I see too much ego strutting and preening in the alternative media world today. Too many people who seem more focused on their own fame and status, and appear too preoccupied with picking stupid fights with others to see the bigger picture of what's really at stake. The time for pettiness is over, the time for unity has arrived.
We need to isolate the big issues we all agree in order to successfully take on a well organized, bipartisan establishment. As I noted on Twitter the other day.
Politics today should be seen in the following way.
Imperial interests vs. the interests of the American people.
These do not overlap much. — Michael Krieger (@LibertyBlitz) January 6, 2017
Here's how to win. Pick the issues 80% of us agree on vs. the neocon/neoliberal status quo. Ignore the rest until they are defeated. — Michael Krieger (@LibertyBlitz) January 6, 2017
Here are 2 examples of issues that unite us, rather than divide us.
Opposition to:
1) Revolving door cronyism/corruption.
2) Militarism. — Michael Krieger (@LibertyBlitz) January 6, 2017
If we are divided and conquered with petty fights by demanding conformity on all the issues we care about, we are doomed. I don't want to convince you that I'm right about everything, I want to win. To win, we must unite.
If you enjoyed this post, and want to contribute to genuine, independent media, consider visiting our Support Page.
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins: Like this post?Donate bitcoins: 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter.
