A robot with a unique personality might sound like an oxymoron. Or science fiction. But that's the goal of London-based startup Emotech, launching on stage at TechCrunch Disrupt London 2015 today, with a plan to crowdfund its first product, a voice-controlled robot assistant called Olly, early next year.
The bot takes the form of an animated eyeball that is housed in a lamp-shaped cup designed to roll around on your tabletop. So if the thought of a large blinking eyeball that swivels around to look at you when you speak — and talks back — makes you feel at all uneasy, well, this may not be the bot for you.
Emotech insists the look they're going for is cute, not creepy. The team includes an ex-Dreamworks animator who has worked on movies including Rise of The Guardians and The Croods.
Right now Olly is just a prototype, and the team had some demo troubles with their prototype on stage. But the vision is a “smart lifestyle assistant,” says co-founder Chelsea Chen — one that will have a unique personality, based on the personality of its particular owner. How you interact with Olly, and what your personal interests are, will be used to determine the “tonality” of your bot, she says.
“Based on the AI and the machine learning, we create a special persuading system which [along with the owner] will give Olly special personality,” says Chen. “Your Olly will be different to my Olly. Because your personality is different to mine, and your lifestyle is different.
“For example… I'm quite curious about everything, so my Olly is more pro-active, talks fast and any time when I try to communicate with Olly, Olly always try to give me more information, more options to suggest. But if the person who is more serious, is more logical, all the information Olly will give is not like my very emotional [Olly] but that one will be very data driven.
[gallery ids="1247694,1247695,1247696"]
“Four of us [at Emotech] are super fans of science-fiction movies so in our mind building a robot is the dream — it's the thing we really want to do,” she adds.
But what exactly will Olly do? As with other voice-commanded, in-home connected devices — or indeed app-based voice assistants like Apple's Siri — Olly will be able to perform info look-ups such as telling you what the weather is going to be like or providing your wake-up call in the morning.
It will also be able to be used as a hub for controlling multiple smart home devices, so you could ask it to dim your smart lights, say, and put some music on your wireless speakers (or on its own speakers). When it launches, the devices and services it will be able to hook into include Nest, Philips Hue, Fitbit, Pebble, IFTTT, Spotify and various social media services, according to the team.
Beyond the basic connected voice-command stuff — which you can of course already do with a device like the Amazon Echo, for example — the idea is that Olly will also be doing some autopiloting of your domestic lifestyle needs, as it gets to know you better and learns your habits.
For example, perhaps you always like to listen to a particular type of music when you get home from work. Olly could figure this out and fire up the relevant tunes — before you've had time to say: ‘Hey Olly, play me some smooth jazz'.
How long it will take the bot to adapt to your routines will depend on what you like to do and how often, says co-founder Hongbin Zhuang. If it's a weekly activity, like reading, it might take several weeks to learn your preferences. “But for example let's say wake up in the morning or daily workout it can get the data more frequently which means it does not need a lot of time to learn the curve,” he adds.
The bot's flagship functionality is focused on smarter scheduling, so it's being designed to help “time-poor professionals” who might need a little help optimizing their routines. So you could, for example, tell it a general goal of helping you read more books in the month — and then it will set about prompting you at (hopefully) opportune moments when it thinks you might have a window in your busy schedule to sit down and read.
“The basic concept is a little bit like Nest,” adds Zhuang. “Olly can… evolve its personality based on its users' preferences and patterns.
“Initially the user will let Olly know what they want to achieve — what kind of lifestyle they want to have. And then based on this, Olly is going to be able to help the user to organize their schedule and also make some proposals — for example what is a better time for reading, or what's a better time for jogging.”
[gallery ids="1248484,1248483,1248482,1248481,1248480"]
The underlying OS for Olly is based on Android. The team intends to release an SDK to expand the functions their device will be able to offer — so they're envisaging an app store model helping to grow Olly's utility with the help of outside developers.
In terms of how the device works, it will listen continually for a voice trigger command before sending any voice data to its cloud platform for processing. So the co-founders claim it won't be harvesting and data-mining your private conversations — only recording the stuff you're directing at it. (They also say the user will be able to delete any of the data sent by Olly to the cloud via the companion app.)
As well as being equipped with sensitive microphones designed to pick out voice commands from the general domestic chaos, Olly also has a camera for facial recognition and computer-vision-powered image processing so the bot can figure out who it's looking at and respond accordingly.
Facial detection is done locally on the device, but again, facial recognition requires cloud processing. So when Olly detects a face in its vicinity, it takes a photo and uploads that to the cloud to try to figure out who it's looking at. (It is also designed to physically turn to face the person speaking to it, much like another social robot in-the-making, Jibo.)
“Through face and voice recognition, Olly knows who is the direct owner, but Olly cannot tell who is the guest,” adds Chen, explaining what will happen when the robot encounters a person it doesn't yet know.
She says the process of introducing new people to Olly “can be controlled by the direct owner” and will be “like a real friends introduction” — so the owner can presumably say, ‘Olly this is my friend Gemma' and the bot will record the name and a photo of the person's face for future reference.
Eyeing up the market
Olly is still about a year-and-a-half away from arriving on the market and does not have a first-mover advantage in this space. There are already several ‘social robots' at a more advanced stage of development, such as the aforementioned Jibo. Or Softbank's Pepper. Not to mention the various other voice assistants — whether they're in app form, like Siri, or also a connected device, like Amazon Echo. So there's plenty of competition lining up to sell the concept of AI-powered convenience to consumers.
It's also questionable how much consumer desire there is for this sort of tech — especially as it's really only as useful as it is capable. And, at this nascent stage, its capabilities aren't always that useful. So it's a bit of a Catch 22 situation. Even Apple's Siri, as it is now, remains an iOS feature, rather than a killer app.
Despite all these challenges the Emotech team is upbeat about its mission and about mainstream adoption of robot assistants — as well they must be to be spending so much time and effort building Olly. The team expects a timeframe of three to five years before social robots start gaining traction with the mainstream, pointing to smart home devices as the tipping point to get consumers feeling hassled enough to want a robot minion to do some of their domestic lifting.
Emotech has raised £500,000 in angel funding so far from an undisclosed Chinese investor, and will be setting an initial target of $100,000 to raise from their crowdfunding campaign next February, although they're hoping to pull in closer to $500,000.
“We see huge potential in the smart home market. There are going to be 25 billion devices connected to the Internet and most of them are home devices,” says Zhuang. “So we need this kind of smart hub to help people interact with all this kind of devices.”
In terms of how Olly compares with the most similar rival device at this stage (Jibo), they stress the market positioning is different — with the latter being pitched as a device for the whole family, whereas Olly is intended to be personal; a robot assistant for an individual. While other members of your household will be able to interact with your robot, they'll only get general responses — not the tailored-to-you tonality the true owner will hear.
Olly is also being designed to be more portable than rival devices. They envisage people carrying it around the house as they move from room to room and into different parts of their domestic routine. So it will have a built-in battery which they say will be good for some eight hours of operational time (although between three to four hours of active use per charge).
Whether people will really want to scoop up and carry a digital eyeball around the house with them, especially given they probably already have their smartphone with them — and perhaps several wearable devices too — remains to be seen. Cost wise, they're not fixed on a retail price point yet but Chen suggests Olly will be in the region of £200 to £300.
The original idea for making a personalized robot assistant came to Zhuang when he was completing his human computer interaction course at University College London. Why make a hardware device at all and not just an app? “It's about embodiment,” he says. “The product, let's say a smartphone, is a device. And you wouldn't treat it like a creature, or kind of emotional system.”
Whether consumers will warm to an adaptable device like Olly as if it were a human, or view it as just another gadget filled with algorithms, is an open-ended question right now — one which depends on whether AI can live up to those sci-fi dreams.
Judges Q&A
Q: Question about the future of the company – is your ambition to move away from hardware and then license the AI out?
A: Now we're building the hardware we believe the interaction between people and tech when you have your own hardware the voice detection is going to be much more accurate than for example smartphone.
This is our first product. We're going to open our platform. And integrate and provide our AI system to other companies.
Q: Do you carry Olly around? How do you interact with it?
A: The final one will be smaller and lighter. In general Olly going to live in the main places you're going to interact with it. For example in the living room. In the morning it can wake you up. We're going to build our own voice detection system so the microphone can detect you across the room.
When you're cooking, you put Olly in the kitchen. When you sleep you put it beside you.
Q: How does it differ from Amazon Echo?
A: In terms of Echo a lot of similar devices on the market. We are trying to make the interaction between the robot and the user more human like. As you can see it can have different emotions. It has personality based on your personality.
In order to withdrawal from the American Athletic Conference earlier than its contractual obligation and enter the Big Ten for next season, Rutgers University on Wednesday agreed to pay the former Big East Conference $11.5 million.
The settlement ends nearly 15 months of acrimonious negotiations between Rutgers and the league of which it's been a member since 1991. In a statement, school President Robert Barchi said the negotiated settlement is $3.5 million less than the $15 million exit-fee the conference had originally sought and the university projects that over the next 12 years the increase in revenue from moving to the Big Ten will approach $200 million.
Rutgers has already paid the AAC $5 million, including $2.5 million in league fees that were withheld last summer and an initial $2.5 million payment to the Big East upon submitting its formal withdrawal notice on Nov. 20, 2012. The remaining $6.5 million will be paid over four years beginning Sept. 1, according to a school spokesperson, and Rutgers is also expected to now receive its $1.5 million Pinstripe Bowl payout that was initially withheld by the conference last December.
“This settlement will allow us to continue along the path to self-sufficiency for our athletic programs,'' Barchi said. “One-time restructuring costs like this settlement and the costs associated with canceling a previous marketing contract are more than offset by anticipated revenues from the Big Ten and from our new marketing partner IMG College. The increased ongoing revenue resulting from these one-time investments will provide the financial support necessary for the athletic department to move toward financial stability.''
In a joint statement, Rutgers and the American Athletic Conference announced that the agreement settles the litigation between the two parties and calls for the Scarlet Knights' membership to be terminated July 1.
“I am pleased to announce this agreement and I want to thank Athletics Director Julie Hermann for her leadership and efforts in completing it,'' American Athletic Conference Commissioner Mike Aresco said. “We wish Rutgers University well and appreciate the contributions the University has made to our conference over the years. Having enjoyed an extremely successful inaugural football season and being in the midst of an equally successful basketball campaign, it is clear that we have forged a strong Conference. We look forward to welcoming East Carolina University, Tulane University and the University of Tulsa in 2014 and the United States Naval Academy in 2015.''
Said Hermann: “It's been a privilege to be a member of the American Athletic Conference and to be associated with the great professionals at the league office that make The American a conference of tough competition, class and integrity. I deeply appreciate the leadership and insight Commissioner Aresco provided us as we worked together for an outcome that allowed Rutgers and the American Athletic Conference to enter this new era in their history effectively. The American has been a wonderful home for our student-athletes and we wish them well in their future endeavors.''
As part of the league's bylaws, Rutgers was contractually obligated to provide 27 months notice and pay $10 million once it provided its formal notice of withdrawal on Nov. 20, 2012. The school initially paid $2.5 million and then filed a lawsuit at Middlesex County Superior Court within minutes of signing an agreement to join the Big Ten.
Rutgers claimed it should not be obligated to pay the $10 million since other schools agreed to lesser amounts in escaping the league in recent years. The conference appeared willing to forgive the required 27-month exit clause – which tied Rutgers to the league through the 2014-15 season – but was intent on recovering the withdrawal fee that doubled from $5 million in October 2011 after Navy agreed to join for the 2015 football season.
In the suit, Rutgers claimed the league's withdrawal fee “arbitrarily applies to some, but not all, of the Big East (American) football schools, and the effect is to penalize certain members if they seek to withdraw.''
West Virginia was obligated to pay $5 million but reportedly paid $21 million to join the Big 12 two years early in 2012, while Pittsburgh and Syracuse each paid $7.5 million to enter the Atlantic Coast Conference one year early in 2013. TCU, which signed paperwork to join the Big East but left before competing in the league, paid $5 million to instead join the Big 12.
While Louisville was required to pay $10 million, the university reportedly agreed to pay $11 million to the AAC in November in order to enter the ACC for next season. Louisville's agreement reportedly specified that if Rutgers was allowed to leave the league before July 1, 2015, and paid an exit fee less than $11 million, then Louisville would get a refund for that difference. That stipulation now becomes null and void.
While Rutgers' athletics teams will remain in the American Athletic Conference for the remainder of the winter and spring seasons, the settlement essentially ends a 23-year marriage with the league that relinquished the Big East name last year but inherited the Rhode Island-based conference's legal structure.
The Scarlet Knights, who joined for highly-competitive football league in '91 and for all sports in 1995-96, won a handful of regular-season and tournament titles in the Big East, which today is comprised of 10 private universities that compete in most of the top-level collegiate sports except football.
While it's been debated what kind of impact the Scarlet Knights' membership into the Midwest-based Big Ten will have on their student-athletes travel-wise, the move to the tradition-rich league is expected to enhance the university's financial future, with the conference reportedly set to distribute $25.7 million to most of its member schools this year.
The Big East, in contrast, reportedly paid each of its member schools $8.2 million last season and the American Athletic Conference is expected to distribute less than $2 million in media rights fees to Rutgers and its league brethren this year.
Although Rutgers won't receive a full share of the Big Ten revenue for six years after it officially enters league play, Barchi said the marketing partnership with IMG College is expected to greatly increase university revenue.
Three months after escaping a 13-year marketing relationship that generated approximately $30 million for the university, Rutgers entered into an initial 11-year, $65 million partnering agreement with IMG. Top officials said the agreement includes an option to extend the partnership for an additional three years and generate a projected $87 million and will more than double the revenues to the university as well as capitalize on enhanced opportunities for national corporate support.
“These are essential investments that are a part of our program to enable Rutgers athletics to operate from a position of financial self-sufficiency,” Barchi said. “Driving down the structural subsidy is a focus of the university administration and our boards. The one-time costs that we are incurring during this transition period will provide us with the ability to generate the stable, predictable and growing revenues that will minimize the subsidy going forward.''
The strong showing of Euro-skeptic parties in May's European Parliament elections raises questions about how easily Georgia can move from its recently signed EU Association Agreement toward its long-held goal of full-fledged EU membership.
The Strasbourg, France-based legislature, the European Union's only directly elected governmental body, exercises authority over EU membership, immigration policy and budgets. It also approves appointments to the European Commission, which runs the EU's daily affairs.
While Euro-skeptics won only about 140 out of 751 seats in the parliament's May 22-25 voting, their numbers may be sufficient to hinder initiatives to advance Georgia, and fellow ex-Soviet republics Moldova and Ukraine, toward EU membership.
In two of Europe's largest countries, the United Kingdom and France, anti-EU, anti-enlargement, and anti-immigration parties (the United Kingdom Independence Party and the Front National, respectively) gained outright, narrow victories. Representatives from Germany's far-right National Democratic Party, Greece's self-described neo-Nazi Golden Dawn, and Hungary's pro-fascist Jobbik also won seats.
Against that backdrop, it now has become “suicidal” for any EU politician in the 28-country bloc to talk about further enlargement. That, in turn, makes it difficult for any aspiring newcomer to push for full membership, underlined Salome Samadashvili, Georgia's former ambassador to the EU who is currently a visiting fellow at the Marten Centre for European Studies in Brussels.
“Voters feel enlargement fatigue and have sent a strong message to the traditional mainstream pro-EU parties,” Samadashvili said. “I don't expect major shifts in … policy, but the Eastern Partnership countries now face a new environment.”
William Durtmouth, a European parliamentarian for the anti-immigration United Kingdom Independence Party, elaborated. In the event that Georgia joins the EU, “there will be massive immigration that will go disproportionately towards the UK,” spurred by “the huge disparity in income,” he predicted. He cited Poland, Romania and Bulgaria as past examples.
“Now, it is a perfectly rational decision for any Georgian, if they get the opportunity, to come to the UK,” Durtmouth continued. “What we strongly oppose are politicians, bureaucrats who want unrestricted enlargement.”
Governments in the UK and France may have to harden their stance on immigration and EU enlargement as a result of the rise of right-wing political movements, John Gaffney, a professor of politics at the UK's Birmingham-based Aston University, wrote in a recent article for the online journal Berfrois.
The precise number of Georgian citizens working in the EU is hard to gauge, in part because many Georgians live there without official documentation. Their economic impact is much easier to track: according to the National Bank of Georgia, Georgians remitted about $403 million from EU member states in 2013.
That makes the Euro-skeptics' dislike of immigration an important issue for Tbilisi. It could, in turn, also affect Georgia and Ukraine's chances for visa-free travel (for 90-day stays) to 22 EU countries, a proposal that requires the agreement of the European Parliament, the European Council, which represents national governments, and the European Commission. Moldovans already have such a regime in place.
Georgia's State Minister on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Aleksi Petriashvili, a self-confessed optimist, believes Euro-skepticism will fade.
“The skepticism towards enlargement will change and by then Georgia will be ready [for EU membership],” he predicted in an interview with EurasiaNet.org. “The Association Agreement is the master plan for Georgia's Europeanization. I am confident that the ratification process by member countries will go ahead without difficulties.”
“We are making it very clear to our citizens that visa-free travel is neither a work permit, nor a green card,” Petriashvili underlined. He expects a visa-liberalization agreement to be finalized by early 2016.
Some analysts believe a factor that could work in favor all three ex-Soviet EU aspirants is the lack of unity among Euro-skeptic parties: they have struggled to work together and that may make it hard to convert their numerical success into influence on policies.
“They [Euro-skeptics] are worse than Trotskyists for fissions, splits, schisms and general punch-ups whenever they try to cooperate,” wrote Gaffney in Berfrois.
Even so, plenty of room for concern remains; ironically, in Georgia's case, recent domestic developments may create trouble for Tbilisi's EU ambitions. For example, the July 3 arrest and pre-trial detention of former Tbilisi Mayor Givi Ugulava, a prominent opposition leader, on criminal charges prompted EU Ambassador Philip Dimitrov to note that the June-27 Association Agreement does not mean that “everything else,” including visa-free travel to the EU, “is guaranteed,” the Pirveli news outlet reported.
The EU's foreign-policy department has urged Tbilisi to ensure Ugalava receives a transparent and politically neutral “judicial process.” Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili has termed the detention “a celebration of justice” and proof of Georgia's respect for the rule of law.
Compared with Ukraine, Georgia should not be considered a major source of migrants, said Michael Emerson, a senior research fellow at the Brussels' Centre for European Policy Studies. With a population of roughly 45 million in 2013, Ukraine has an estimated population nearly 10 times the size of that of Georgia. “I guess Georgia can, playing its cards carefully … get visa-free travel in a pretty short time horizon,” Emerson forecast. “It is a small country.”
'Tales' Of Pig Intelligence, Factory Farming And Humane Bacon
Enlarge this image toggle caption W. W. Norton & Company W. W. Norton & Company
Journalist Barry Estabrook knows how to enjoy a juicy heritage pork chop. He'll also be the first to tell you what intelligent, sensitive creatures pigs are. "I had no idea how smart they were until I got in the research," Estabrook tells Fresh Air's Dave Davies.
Estabrook is the author of Pig Tales: An Omnivore's Quest for Sustainable Meat, out May 4. "I set out on the premise that if you're going to eat an animal, maybe you owed it to yourself to find out as much as you could about the way the animal thought, its cognitive abilities," Estabrook explains.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kathleen Frith/Kathleen Frith/Kathleen Frith
In the course of his research, Estabrook spoke with scientists who taught pigs how to play computer games. He learned that pigs have a sense of self and that they can recognize themselves in mirrors. Pigs, he says, can look at another pig and calculate what that pig might do or how it might act.
Estabrook also witnessed brutality at some large-scale pig operations firsthand. One facility he visited held 1,500 pregnant pigs in cramped individual cages. "They were like people sitting in the seats of one of those regional aircraft," Estabrook says. "Their sides stuck out through the bars; they could not turn around. They could not move in any way at all and that's the way those pigs basically lived their entire life."
Estabrook estimates that 80 percent of the sows in the U.S. live their lives in factory conditions where they are crammed into cages and fed an abundance of antibiotics to prevent disease. But, he adds, there are other options, such as one farm he visited in upstate New York, where the pigs are raised on pasture.
"They don't get antibiotics unless they're sick, they're never cooped up, the mother sows are not kept in crates," Estabrook says. "They live in a great amiable sorority under the trees with a little mud puddle in the center of it, and the end result is this pork is incredible. It's sold to some of the very best restaurants in New York City."
Interview Highlights
Pig Tales An Omnivore's Quest for Sustainable Meat by Barry Estabrook Hardcover, 335 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
On the emotional intelligence of pigs
I interviewed a woman named Sy Montgomery, a writer, who kept a pet pig for 14 years and [the pig] had incredible emotional intelligence, far more than her dogs, she said. He knew when she was sad and he was normally quite rambunctious around her, which is something for a 750 pound animal, when she was sad (her parents had died) he was very quiet, he was like a kitten. For some reason, he loved certain people that he met and even if that person would only come once every year or two he would greet him with the same effusive grunts and squeals. There was a little girl who lived down the road who was suffering [from] cancer and she would come and sit beside the pig after particularly bad bouts of chemotherapy and the pig would let her lie on him and he was just as gentle as could be.
On feral pigs
At last count, they know that wild, feral pig populations exist in 48 states and probably all of them — but think of them, they breed better than rabbits. A feral sow can have 12 piglets every year and those piglets are ready to breed in less than a year. There's no other large animal that breeds at anything close to that pace. These animals can run 30 miles an hour, they can jump 3 feet high; they can smell a morsel of food 7 miles away. A pig's snout is a marvel of excavating engineering technology. I mean, they can root up a patch of land in no time and it looks like a bulldozer has been through. They can and do eat anything. So they're ideally poised to take over an area once they get there.
On the conditions of industrial pig slaughterhouses
Of all the things I saw, the thing that hit me the hardest, twisted my guts the hardest, was when I walked into a low, dark barn in Iowa and in that barn there were 1,500 sows, pregnant female pigs, and they were all in individual cages that were too small to hold them. ... When they did have their babies they would move into something called a 'farrowing crate' which allowed the sow no more room to move, and you take these intelligent, inquisitive, emotional creatures and confine them to a lifetime — it would be like being confined to a coffin for a lifetime or worse than your dog being confined to its travel case for a lifetime. But that's the way 80 percent of the sows in this country live their entire life.
On disposal of pig excrement
In a typical industrial pig farm, both sows, piglets and growing pigs, they're kept on grated floors, hard, grated floors and the excrement either dribbles or is squished through the grates into the equivalent of a basement directly below them where it sits. It can sit for up to a year, creating incredible noxious odors which also happen to be poison — ammonia, hydrogen sulfite — those are poisonous gasses. [The farms] keep the pigs alive by having these huge jet engine-like fans on the end of the barns that are constantly blowing in fresh air, or the pigs could asphyxiate.
A farmer in Missouri — it happened late one Saturday night — a thunderstorm went through and the electricity failed in his fans and for some reason the generator, which was supposed to kick on, didn't, and when he woke up Sunday morning to go to church he discovered that several hundred of the pigs in the barn had asphyxiated in just a few hours. He had to spend Sunday dragging them out and digging a mass grave for his pigs. Interestingly, it was shortly thereafter that he decided he wasn't going to keep raising pigs that way. ...
They can be killed also if the barn overheats when the fans fail. They really are living in some sort of weird life support system just long enough to reach slaughter weight.
On raising industrial pigs on antibiotics
The vast majority of industrial pigs in this country are fed a steady, low level of antibiotics in their food, whether they're sick or not. The industry says it's a prophylactic measure to keep them from getting sick, other people will say, "No, the industry just does that because it does make the pigs grow a little faster." But the end result is the same. These conditions are ideal for the mutation of bacteria ... that are resistant to antibiotics, the type of bacteria that kill about 23,000 Americans every year according to the CDC. This is just the perfect incubator — you couldn't create a better incubator in a laboratory than a building crowded with thousands of stressed animals who are being fed low levels of antibiotics every day.
On what industrial pigs are fed
It's pretty ugly. The basic ration is corn or soy, but to that, they can add rendered pig meat, making them cannibals. They can add something called "feather meal," which is what it sounds like; it's the feathers that come from chicken and turkey slaughterhouses. They can be fed chicken manure, the litter off the floor of chicken houses because manure has protein in it. So there are all sorts of things that are quite frightening in the diet of an industrial pig.
On the alternative to the large-scale industrial slaughterhouses
There's people who raise pigs as pigs, they understand the animal and they raise pigs in a way that's natural for the pigs that allow the pigs to express their instincts, that allow them to get exercise, that allow them to eat proper food and it's a very small minority, unfortunately, but it's becoming more visible, it's growing, and it's totally different. I came to the conclusion that pork is either the best meat you can eat, or the worst from any perspective — gastronomic, environmental, animal welfare, and it all depends on how they're raised.
On humans' relationship to pigs
I think that it's far worse to raise a pig under horrific conditions, torture it for its entire life, drive it crazy, not kill it in a way that it's assured a good, quick death, than raising an animal well so that it has as good a life as it could expect and then consuming it. To me, there's no comparison between the two. ... Pigs and humans, culturally, we've evolved together. Pigs have helped us, we've helped pigs, it's what Temple Grandin calls "the ancient contract," and our part of that contract is to do our bit well and pigs' part of that contract is to provide us with food.
Credit: Andrew Derocher.
As the erstwhile icon of climate change, polar bears have been a very … political subject. Conservatives love to lambaste Al Gore over his claims about drowning polar bears in his 2006 film An Inconvenient Truth. The Department of the Interior even launched an investigation into a U.S. researcher who had authored a 2006 study describing several polar bear drownings (he later reached a $ 100,000 settlement with the agency).
Meanwhile, politics aside, the habitat in which polar bears live -- the Arctic -- has kept changing and changing. Arctic sea ice hit a dramatic low in 2007 and an even more dramatic one in 2012:
This is why despite all the political theater, there is still very good reason to believe that polar bears are threatened by global warming -- an interpretation that two recent studies have now reaffirmed.
Just last week, a study by scientists from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Geological Survey, and several other organizations found that in the Southern Beaufort Sea region of the U.S. and Canadian Arctic, polar bears saw a 25 to 50 percent decline in the decade from 2001 to 2010.
And today, a new study out in PLOS One further underscores polar bear risks. Using a regionally focused climate model, the researchers projected that under a business as usual scenario for global warming, sea ice in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago will decline markedly, leaving long periods each year when there isn't any ice. The consequences for polar bears, it notes, could be "starvation and reproductive failure across the entire Archipelago by the year 2100."
"The Canadian Arctic Archipelago, where our study is focused, is believed to be the area of the Arctic basin that will retain sufficiently long ice-covered seasons to support polar bears the longest," says lead study author Stephen Hamilton of the University of Alberta in Edmonton. "Our findings suggest a possible 9-21 % of adult male starvation, and 55-100 % reproductive failure by the year 2100 ... throughout the Archipelago. We would expect that conditions outside the Archipelago should be worse."
Recently, there have been hints that polar bears may be able to adapt to changing Arctic conditions by changing their food sources -- for instance, shifting from a reliance on eating seals (which requires hunting atop the ice) to catching geese and caribou. However, Hamilton doesn't think lifestyle shifts will be enough to save the bears.
"While an individual may learn a trick or two, in order for the polar bear species to adapt, sufficient time must pass for genetic traits that are helpful in warming conditions to be passed on to younger generations," he says. "The generation time of a polar bear is much too long to keep up with the rate of change we are seeing."
Which is why, as is the case with most endangered or threatened species, it ultimately all comes down to whether or not the habitat in which they live -- the habitat they evolved in and adapted to -- will be preserved. "Polar bears need sea ice, so losing the ice means losing the bears," says Hamilton.
Election truthers are claiming that Russians stole the election. How crazy do you have to be to believe them? And even if you don't, should there be a recount anyways?
Recently New York Magazine broke the news that a respected band of computer scientists and election lawyers had urged Hillary Clinton to call for recounts in several states, believing they'd found “persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked.” The central idea was that counties that used electronic voting machines recorded a much more severe swing against Clinton than counties that used paper ballots, and that the discrepancy could be due to malicious hacking. Nate Silver quickly tweeted an unintelligible screen-grab that demonstrated once you corrected for education, it was "probably BS."
Paul Krugman jumped on board, jumped off again, then adopted a fine liberal straddle.
Then, in the small hours of Tuesday night, the computer scientist at the heart of it all, J. Alex Halderman, clarified his position with a post on Medium. He made two arguments, both of them persuasive and neither addressed by Silver. The first is that even the votes cast with paper ballots haven't been properly audited to determine if the paper record matches the final reported tally. And the second is that, even if the election results are legitimate, reexamining them as part of a recount is a useful deterrent to future hacking.
This is a fast-moving story. If Clinton wants to request a recount in Wisconsin, she needs to file by Friday at 5 p.m.—which, with Thanksgiving and all, realistically means right this second. Pennsylvania's deadline is Monday the 28th, and Michigan's is Wednesday the 30th. (Jill Stein has said she's willing to ask for a recount, but so far she's had trouble raising the $2.5 million she needs to fund it.)
It sure looks like a Hail Mary, and while it's a little out of character for the Democrats to fight for what they want, it's certainly got the mouthbreathing commenters excited.
The question now is whether whoever was doing all that hacking would put down their tools just when they could be most effective. In an insultingly effective troll, Putin's been asking aloud, “Does anyone seriously think that Russia can affect the choice of the American people? Is America a banana republic? America's a great power. Correct me if I'm wrong.”
Halderman has been saying, in effect, no matter how unlikely a hacked election is, a recount is warranted—American voting systems are just that bad. How bad? Elections are not administered by the federal government, nor even by the states, but by the U.S.'s 3,103 counties—most of which have extremely meager budgets. They typically run very, very insecure systems, which engineers have demonstrated over and over again can be hacked in seconds to return false counts. Famously, a computer science lab at Princeton has a voting machine, with anti-tamper seals intact, that's been hacked to run PacMan.
Epstein estimated the cost of hacking Wisconsin at about $10 a vote.
"The next major conflict will start in cyberspace," says one of the documents Edward Snowden lifted from the NSA. If the government believes that, then it's obviously insane to spend $600 billion on defense and leave its elections insecure and undefended, but whatever, welcome to America. But it's willful dereliction not to at least check if any hacking happened.
For instance, after the unnamed "Florida election-systems vendor" was hacked, someone noticed that the only Florida vendor anyone's aware of is VR Systems, Inc.; North Carolina's systems, which also came from an unnamed Florida-based vendor, badly malfunctioned on Election Day. “People were being improperly listed as having already voted”—which is a horrible sign—and the electronic voter lists for Durham, the state's Democratic stronghold, crashed, resulting in long lines and extended voting hours. Which then sparked a fight over whether the extension had been adequate. Either way, this is a Denial of Service—a situation that makes it difficult for voting to occur. We must know if that was accidental or not.
They say that if you have two dogs and one dies, you should let the surviving dog be with the dead dog for a while so that it can internalize that the death. That's why I got interested in this story a few days ago, creeped out by how little evidence there was ruling out a hack. Finally, my own personal jet fuel and steel beams! I called some of the Wisconsin County Clerks (a decent people, but no match for Fancy Bear). I also spoke to Jeremy Epstein, a senior computing consultant with SRI International, who agreed hacking suspicions were perfectly reasonable. He reflected that “after 20 years in the business, you learn that everything is hackable, it's just a question of how much effort you want to put in.” Epstein estimated the cost of hacking Wisconsin at about $10 a vote.
The questionable tally was ascribed to human error, and the newly adjusted totals reduced Trump's 27,000 vote margin in the state to 26,000. There are 71 other counties in Wisconsin, which use the same or similar voting machines.
So, proceeding cautiously here, let's start with Wisconsin and see where it gets us. On Tuesday someone spotted that election-night results in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, counted more votes towards the presidential election than were actually cast, and that all the fake votes had counted towards Trump. The questionable tally was ascribed to human error, and the newly adjusted totals reduced Trump's 27,000 vote margin in the state to 26,000. There are 71 other counties in Wisconsin, which use the same or similar voting machines.
All of which provides context for the computer scientists' exhortation to Hillary Clinton: any statistical weirdness should be viewed with extremely narrowed eyes. The Wisconsin Village of Wonewoc, for instance, saw a -24 percent swing against the Democrats from 2012, and a +18 percent swing for Republicans. That's enormous! Particularly in a state where every major poll saw a solid Clinton win, which vanished entirely. Swings that big need robust explanations. Even former Republican party director Brandon Scholz couldn't fathom it: "I am not sure why or how Donald Trump won,” he said, “I've been scratching my head the whole time going, 'What did we miss? What didn't we see? Where did it come from?'"
Well, that's the question. A total of 830,000 absentee ballots were cast—28 percent of turnout, a lot higher than the 21 percent in 2012, but overall turnout was down. That's not not weird. You can create narratives to explain these weirdnesses—"shy voters,” the Bradley Effect, and so on—but all you're doing is making a story to fit the data. After an election that 18 percent of Americans believe was illegitimate, it's fair to get a mirror out and check that the dog really is, in fact, dead.
Plus, the petitioner pays for the recount. Even if you think it's a desperate act bound to confirm the result, you might at least welcome the opportunity to suck some of Clinton's sweet Wall-Street-speech cash out into the Rust Belt economy.
Jeremy Epstein, again: “I don't think the fat lady has sung yet.”
This is not a good outcome for Joe Hockey. According to the federal court on Tuesday, the articles in Fairfax's three largest metropolitan newspapers and websites that he so vehemently insisted defamed him, did no such thing.
It was the associated promotional aspects – posters and tweets – that resulted in the award of $200,000 to assist the treasurer salve his hurt feelings.
Joe Hockey's defamation crown sits a little askew Read more
The Sydney Morning Herald described it as a “partial” victory. From Hockey's point of view it's not even as good as that, when you consider he asked the federal court for more than $1m in damages. He's certainly not been “overly vindicated”.
When it comes to the costs of the case it's probably a lot worse for the “successful” plaintiff. Since he lost the substantive part of the litigation about the defamatory meaning of the articles, and since most of the time at the trial was spent on that issue, Fairfax would be entitled to ask for a differential costs order.
Hockey's and Fairfax's legal costs would be of the order approaching $1m each. Sydney media lawyer Graham Hryce points out that the court has a discretion to award costs to a losing party where that party has succeeded on key issues.
Three-quarters of Hockey's case failed and if there was a differential costs order in favour of those parts that Fairfax successfully defended, Hockey can say goodbye to his $200,000. It will be gobbled up in costs, plus more.
The treasurer may yet rue the day that he ever embarked on this misadventure. The hideous prospect of an expensive appeal that will tie him up in a squabble over imputations and damages is the last thing anyone wants – let alone a senior politician. To think that this would be a clean win, in and out of court with a bag full of money, shows the treasurer's misjudgment.
Essentially it was important journalism that was under attack in this case: an article published across the Fairfax platforms by the Sydney Morning Herald's state political correspondent, Sean Nicholls, on an aspect of the murky relationships between politicians and the people and organisations funding their political parties. He wrote:
Treasurer Joe Hockey is offering privileged access to a select group including business people and industry lobbyists in return for tens of thousands of dollars to the Liberal Party via a secretive fund-raising body whose activities are not fully disclosed to election funding authorities.
The problematic headline, “Treasurer for sale” was devised by the paper's editor-in-chief, Darren Goodsir.
Hockey pleaded a range of meanings: that he accepted bribes, that he corruptly solicited payments to influence his decisions and that he corruptly sells privileged access to a select group.
Justice Richard White, who sat without a jury, wrote a careful and thorough judgment in which he found none of those meanings arose in the articles.
The articles were not saying that Hockey personally accepted payments. It was the mechanism that allowed access to one of the country's most senior politicians, in exchange for money to the Liberal Party, that was the focus of the journalism.
Fairfax counsel Dr Matt Collins QC landed the killer blow by persuading the judge that none of the meanings contended by Hockey could be found in the stories. As the judge put it:
The SMH was reporting on a method by which access to Mr Hockey in his important role as treasurer could be obtained by the payment of significant sums, but not that Mr Hockey himself, or his judgment or discretion, could be bought.
Bruce McClintock SC, for Hockey, had said during the trial, that once the imputation of corruption had been found, “the case is over”. It was never found in the articles, and it wasn't over. It's still not over.
Well-researched stories that show the workings of our democratic process are all too rare. Fairfax recognised this one had to be defended to the hilt. If newspapers cannot delve rigorously and accurately into who is funding politicians and their political parties, then we live in a democracy in name only.
The defences at law available to media organisations in defamation are not generous. That's why plaintiffs invariably walk away with something.
The publisher regarded the Hockey case, on appeal, as a ready-made opportunity to clarify and if possible, expand the high court's 1997 judgment in Lange v Australian Broadcasting Corporation. In that case, the court developed implied constitutional freedom of communication about government and politics, known as the Lange principle (after David Lange, a former prime minister of New Zealand who sued the ABC in Australia).
Unfortunately, the Lange defence has never really worked for the media. It is corralled by hoops of fire through which journalists have got to jump, unscathed.
So here, if Hockey's imputations had not been knocked out, the journalism would not have passed the reasonableness test because, among other things, the questions put to the treasurer to secure his response were found not to be adequate or timely.
It's these tricky and overly precious requirements that usually send the journalist down in flames.
Hockey v Fairfax: another strong headwind buffeting responsible journalism | Richard Ackland Read more
Because the Age's tweets and the SMH poster (Treasurer For Sale) were published without the careful context of the full article, they were not defensible. Further, the judge found they were published with “malice”.
The text messages and emails Darren Goodsir sent to other editors and staff about Hockey, and his demands for an apology over an earlier article, allowed the judge to find that the poster and tweets were predominately motivated by “personal animus towards Mr Hockey”.
“There is a good deal of contemporaneous evidence which indicates that he was intent at ‘getting back' at Mr Hockey.”
News Corp papers on Wednesday morning were crowing about the treasurer's magnificent victory. An outcome in which the plaintiff loses three-quarters of his case and now faces the prospect of coming out behind on the money, brings an exciting new meaning to the word “victory”.
PHILADELPHIA -- New York Mets third baseman David Wright's rehab from a right hamstring strain has been stalled by another injury.
David Wright, who's been recovering from a hamstring injury, can resume baseball activity when his back pain subsides. Adam Rubin/ESPN
Wright was examined by team doctors Thursday night at the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan after experiencing lower-back pain. An MRI did not reveal any structural damage, the Mets said. Wright may resume baseball activity when the back pain subsides.
"It's a setback," general manager Sandy Alderson said. "We were happy that the MRI didn't show anything structural. There's no stress fracture. There's no stress reaction."
Alderson added that Wright has been prescribed anti-inflammatory medication for the next four to five days.
Wright, 32, originally departed an April 14 game against the Philadelphia Phillies with the hamstring strain. The Mets had hoped his rehab from the injury would last no more than three weeks, but Wright felt an issue with the muscle when he began to run full throttle and was backed off last week.
The Mets suggested Wright's hamstring currently is "doing very well."
Wright dealt with a stress fracture in his lower back during the 2011 season. He initially tried to play through the back discomfort, but ultimately landed on the disabled list for two months.
During Wright's current absence, the Mets initially tried using Eric Campbell at third base and Daniel Murphy at second base. With Campbell having slumped, team officials promoted prospect Dilson Herrera a week ago to man second base and moved Murphy to third base.
Manager Terry Collins spoke with Wright by telephone and expects him to resume baseball activity on Monday.
Collins said Wright had been prepared to enter a rehab game this Saturday before the back issue arose.
Wright wanted to get the back checked out because of the gravity of the 2011 stress fracture.
"It's not anything that's hugely major," Collins said.
Fair Oaks Police District – Detectives today are investigating the theft of 35 firearms from a gun store located at 13930 Metrotech Drive in Chantilly. Officers responded to “50 West Armory” early Saturday morning for a commercial burglary alarm. Three suspects were seen on the video surveillance and are described as follows:
Suspect 1 : Black male, about 22 to 30 years old, 5 feet 9 inches to 6 feet tall, and approximately 190 to 210 pounds. He had dreadlocks and was wearing a dark blue jacket.
Suspect 2 : Black male, about 18 to 22 years old, 5 feet 11 inches to 6 feet 1 inch tall, and approximately 165 to 185 pounds. He was wearing a dark jacket with a silver stripe down the sleeves, jeans, black shoes, and light colored gloves.
Suspect 3 : Black male, about 18 to 22 years old, 5 feet 11 inches to 6 feet tall, and approximately 150 to 170 pounds. He was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, jeans, black shoes, and light colored gloves.
We are asking anyone with information to contact Detective Song at 703-591-0966 or the Fairfax County Police at 703-691-2131 or Crime Solvers electronically by visiting http://www.fairfaxcrimesolvers.org or text-a-tip by texting “TIP187” plus your message to CRIMES(274637) or by calling 1-866-411-TIPS(8477).
Please continue to follow us on Twitter, @fairfaxpolice and our blog, http://www.fcpdnews.wordpress.com, for the latest information.
A Fine Gael member of the Dáil's Public Accounts Committee approached Taoiseach Enda Kenny following its hearings on penalty point cancellations earlier this year and told him that the Garda whistleblower, Maurice McCabe, “would be vindicated”.
John Deasy raised concerns with the Taoiseach on February 20 following the committee's meeting in private with Mr McCabe — whom he found to be credible — and public hearings with the then Garda commissioner, Martin Callinan.
The Waterford TD expressed a view that there were “deficiencies” in the report on penalty point cancellations compiled by Assistant Commissioner John O'Mahony and that the then-justice minister, Alan Shatter, “needed to deal with this in a different manner”.
Having not heard back from Mr Kenny, he wrote to him on March 21, saying the issue should be dealt with “for once and for all”.
Referring to Mr Shatter, Mr Deasy said that Mr Kenny should “question Alan's handling of the entire affair”.
In the letter, seen by the Irish Examiner, he wrote: “What I and many of my colleagues don't understand is why Alan [Shatter] would treat the whistleblower in the manner he has in the last couple of months.”
He told the Taoiseach he did not condone the taking of information from the Pulse system. “But I do think some consideration needs to be given to the fact that the whistleblowers attempted to deal within official channels, but that those official channels did not operate correctly.”
The revelations come as pressure increases on Mr Kenny to explain the sequence of events leading up to the resignation of Mr Callinan on March 25.
Fianna Fáil said the outgoing secretary general of the Department of Justice, Brian Purcell, is being “kept sweet” by holding onto his €200,000 salary despite moving aside.
3 juveniles arrested after violence at San Jose Trump rally
A Trump supporter lashes out after being surrounded by a crowd of anti-Trump protesters and having his hat snatched off his head near the convention center where presidential candidate Donald Trump held a campaign rally June 2, 2016 in downtown San Jose, Calif. less A Trump supporter lashes out after being surrounded by a crowd of anti-Trump protesters and having his hat snatched off his head near the convention center where presidential candidate Donald Trump held a ... more Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 3 juveniles arrested after violence at San Jose Trump rally 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
San Jose police announced Wednesday that three teens were arrested after violence broke out at last week's campaign rally for Donald Trump, a day after the department released the identities of the four men arrested outside the event last week.
Two suspects from San Jose, one 16 and one 17, were arrested on suspicion of felony assault with a deadly weapon. The other suspect, a 16-year-old Milpitas resident, was arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor battery, police said.
The teens were not identified because of their ages, said Officer Albert Morales, a San Jose police spokesman.
The first suspect allegedly hit a victim walking on the sidewalk from behind with a blunt object, police said. The second and third suspects were arrested after physically assaulting another victim.
The department announced it expected to make additional arrests and released a photo of another person wanted in connection to an assault at the rally.
San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo and police department officials were criticized by the presumptive Republican nominee and his supporters in the aftermath of last Thursday's rally in San Jose.
Trump went on Twitter and Facebook to accuse Liccardo of doing “a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people.”
He referred to protesters at the event as “thugs” and “illegals.”
Liccardo condemned the violence on Twitter, while noting such attacks were not uncommon at Trump events.
“It is regrettable that this has become a pattern for cities hosting Mr. Trump across the nation,” Liccardo tweeted.
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: JennaJourno
The last few instalments in the simulation series have provided major improvements. But has the Football Manager team run out of energy this year?
The question every annual franchise has to answer is whether the new entry in the series expands enough on the previous title to warrant a purchase. This year, and for the first time in a few seasons, Football Manager 2017 doesn't make enough of a step to confidently recommend it outright. Though it does build on the strengths of its excellent predecessor Football Manager 2016, it doesn't offer enough of a change for anyone outside the hardcore fanbase to warrant an immediate purchase.
This feels like a strange thing to write, because in many ways – through a series of small but positive changes to the way players interact with the game – FM 2017 offers the best experience of pretending to be a football manager there's ever been. Although the series shares the lineage of Championship Manager, FM 2017 is getting closer than ever to abolishing that game's reputation as glorified football spreadsheet.
Football Manager 2017: the game made by 1,300 scouts in 51 countries Read more
Three key shifts have occurred in this direction. One is the continuation of the trend in FM 2016 towards providing visual, rather than numerical, assets to the manager. Newly designed menu screens and reports provide heat maps, passing diagrams and even visual representations of on-pitch gaffes that allow you to easily see where your strengths or weaknesses are.
Meanwhile, FM 2017 also successfully surfaces more information that gives players what they need to do their job properly. Rather than tucking away player fitness, performance stats or other information into menus, the in game inbox provides much more practical data. This saves you from spending hours on end diving deeper and deeper into a menu maze, giving you more time to play the game.
Furthermore, the trend towards surfacing more information includes explaining how the game works more successfully. Instead of treating the match engine as some sort of flux capacitor-style mystery box, FM 2017 feeds tips on how your mentality, shape and number of defending, support or attacking roles affect your chances of success – a welcome move for casual players.
The third major in game shift has been the speeding up of the decision making process. While you can still micro-manage players like fussy old Pep Guardiola, you can now hit tick boxes in your inbox to apply staff advice about transfers, training, coach hiring and more. The result is a much faster flow through the admin side of the game, which allows you to get into matches much more quickly.
This means FM players are able to spend more time managing their teams out on the pitch, which is a treat owing to the changes in the match engine. Although FM 2017 is still far away from looking like Fifa 17, improved player animations, vibrant stadiums and little touches like referees applying vanishing spray make matches look more authentically like football games.
There are also some welcome tweaks to the match engine too. Player AI seems to have improved on the pitch, which means fewer frustrating moments where a defender passes the ball directly out for a corner or a winger slams a shot into the side netting. There's also more challenge from the AI managers, who seem much more willing to adapt to your cunning/desperate plans in game.
Despite all these changes being welcome though, they don't feel like they add up to a drastic evolution. It does feel like the game is an improvement on last year's version, but in the sense that a balancing patch might improve an FPS or a MOBA.
Worryingly, FM 2017 actually ends up falling flat in the areas it does attempt to differentiate itself from its predecessors.
For example, the addition of data analysts and sports scientists to coaching teams is pretty slack by the series standards. Though they do assist your team by producing reports and reducing injuries, their impact is poorly explained and you're given no guidance on how to hire them. This is in contrast to every other staff role in the game, suggesting that their implementation hasn't been fully thought through.
Additionally, the inclusion of face scanning tech for your manager avatar is a relatively meaningless cosmetic improvement. While it is funny to see your face in the game (and to turn your manager avatar into a horrifying clown figure ready to scare opposing teams to death on the touchline), it lacks any real substance beyond the aesthetic.
Most problematic of all is the inclusion of social media in the game. While the idea behind it is sound, it feels like a noisy inconvenience that disrupts the flow of the game. At best, the inclusion is a delicious satire on the state of Twitter today. At worst, it's utterly inconsequential.
Over the past four years, Football Manager editions have shaken up the way players create tactics, introduce in game manager stats or provide new game modes to play. FM 2017 offers none of that. As a result, it is difficult to recommend beyond the dedicated fanbase. For those who love the series and have dedicated hundreds of hours to it, purchasing the game is an unavoidable ritual. It's more of what you want, with a lick of paint and up-to-date player stats.
But for everyone else, it may be better to sit this one out, or wait for some sort of mid-season overhaul.
Today marks a significant but very sad anniversary in the world of hip-hop: 20 years ago, on March 26, 1995, Eazy-E died at 31.
As the cornerstone of N.W.A and a solo artist, Eazy-E is the Godfather of Gangsta Rap. From Snoop Dogg to Freddie Gibbs, it's hard to imagine hardcore rap without his influence. And it's impossible to imagine where hip-hop would have gone without the impact of the immortal 1988 album Straight Outta Compton (also the title of an upcoming biopic steered by the surviving members).
For the 20th anniversary of his passing, Eazy's N.W.A partner in crime Ice Cube spoke with Billboard about his late comrade, describing everything from the first time they met to their eventual reconciliation after a very public beef -- and why N.W.A would have recorded another album if Eazy hadn't died.
Here's what Cube had to say about his N.W.A co-founder.
When you met Eazy-E, what was the first impression you got of him?
That he was very clean and cool. He was fly. He had a brand-new jeep with custom paint on it. He had this Fila sweatsuit on -- I knew he had money. He looked like a little hustler, and he was.
So he was better off than you?
Oh hell yes. He was rich compared to me.
And not long after you wrote "Boyz-in-the-Hood," his pre-N.W.A solo track, for him?
Well, I actually wrote "Boyz-n-the-Hood" for a group of his -- it wasn't for him. He had a group called H.B.O. -- Homeboys Only. He was just gonna be the manager. So I wrote some songs and he was like, "I like the stuff you write, I like what you're talking about. Write a song for my group." So I wrote "Boyz-n-the-Hood" and they turned it down. But [Dr.] Dre convinced Eazy to do it. Eazy just worked hard. He worked hard, hard, and actually became a pretty good rapper.
So you watched his skills progress from managing a rap group to becoming a rapper himself.
He got better every time he got in front of the mic. He got better and better and better until he was a bona fide rapper. Because it's one thing to do it in the studio, but when you can do it on stage, you're a rapper. He could grab the mic -- he wasn't rapping to a track but the instrumental. He could flow on his songs, for sure. He became a good rapper by the time I left [N.W.A].
Did he struggle with the live shows in N.W.A's early days?
Oh yeah, that's natural. It's one thing to do it in the studio and another to do it in front of those people. We were all around him as his support. I think he felt comfortable. We would set the show off first, and then he would make a grand entrance -- the tone was already set. The show was going good, we got a show flowing, and 18 minutes into it, you haven't seen Eazy-E yet. And you're like, "What the fuck? Where's Eazy?" And then at the 20-minute mark he appears and it gives the show a whole 'nother boost until the end. It was just dope.
Could N.W.I have existed without him?
N.W.A would have not existed without Eazy-E. No doubt in my mind. He was bold and not scared of anything. He was 21, 22, I was 16 -- to me he was fearless. That's what he brought. "I don't want to do no corny ass records that try to get on the radio. I want to do hardcore records about what the hell is going on around here."
You left N.W.A and they fired some shots at you on their next couple releases (100 Miles and Runnin' EP and Elif4Zaggin album). When you reconciled, was it more of a truce, or were you on good terms by the time he passed?
We are on great terms. We had finally got it all the way back to where it felt like not just a truce -- not just going along to get along because we in the same space -- but we are actually enjoying each other and talking about old times and laughing at how we did on the bus or making records. It felt like that the last time I have seen him. I thought we were really about to get N.W.A back together and rekindle everything back up. And then he passed away.
If he hadn't, would N.W.I have gotten together for another album?
Yes, definitely. It was other circumstances that tore us apart. It was more than each other, more than us not liking or loving each other. It was just the fog of being new in the business. All the money and all the fame creates a fog. You can run into each other like helicopters crashing in the desert. You're on a mission together and when the fog comes in, you can actually run into each other and crash and burn. Or separate or whatever. So after coming out of that fog with clarity, we realized, "We are some super-talented motherfuckers, man. And we can get back together. We can do special things on our own, or get together and do something world-shaking."
With the Straight Outta Compton N.W.A biopic, it is difficult to tell his part of the story?
That's the only thing... It's not difficult because we have his words, his interviews and everything we can find in the archives. Add that with our knowledge of the situation and eyewitness accounts and bring in his wife, Tomica Wright, and you get the picture. Plus Ren, Yella, everybody. What's not cool to me is I wish he was there. I wish he was right there with us. Because you never know what he would say.
Do you think he'd enjoy the process of making the biopic?
Hell yeah. I think he'd be so turned on by this movie and excited about it. It's just what the doctor ordered when it comes to the legacy of N.W.A. We deserve this movie. It's like, why did NWA get together? And why did we do the music that we did? What did the neighborhood do to turn us into what we became in the studio, and what did N.W.A do to change the neighborhood? You gotta make sure all those questions are answered. That's the essence of N.W.A.
Formatting may be lacking as a result. If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it.
Posted on April 13, 2016, Ron Whitaker GameFront is Closing Down April 30, 2016
To all of our loyal fans and site users:
We are sorry to announce that GameFront will be closing its doors permanently as of April 30, 2016. Since our founding as FileLeech almost 20 years ago, we have always strived to offer the best file hosting alongside quality gaming content. To all of our fans who have supported us throughout the years, we thank you for making us your destination for gaming files. Despite name changes, ownership changes, and staff changes, you have always made our jobs rewarding and fun.
If you have files that you would like to save from the site, you will need to make sure that you have downloaded them prior to April 30. Any files not downloaded by that time will no longer be accessible.
Again, thank you all for your support through the years. Game on!
Andrew Shaw is an emotional hockey player, and that's exactly how he was advertised. No one likes to lose, especially not on the biggest stage in the NHL. However when he was acquired over the summer the biggest concern wasn't his on ice ability, it was whether or not would he be able to keep his emotions in check.
So far this year he has struggled to do so, including a few incidents that cost his team a chance at a win. There is nothing wrong with showing emotion out on the ice, in fact it's something that's a welcomed change in a world of stoic athletes trying to not upset the masses. However, celebrating a goal is one thing, losing your mind and destroying a stick over a penalty call is not.
Shaw was thrown out of the game following his outburst on the way to the bench, which included punching the stick rack due to the penalty call. The stick rack ended up falling on one of the equipment managers.
Andrew Shaw has a longstanding rivalry with this stick rack. pic.twitter.com/2IUvt1ZZay — Marc Dumont (@MarcPDumont) November 30, 2016
Even after missing an extended period of games due to a concussion, Shaw returned and immediately laid a hit that drew the ire of fans around the league.
Why Shaw felt the need to throw a hit of this nature is anyone's guess. Jesper Fast didn't have the puck. It was late, and dangerous. Yet after a 15 game absence for a brain injury, Shaw threw this hit and then engaged in a fight with J.T. Miller.
It's not his only questionable hit of the year, in the preseason he was suspended for boarding Connor Hobbs of the Washington Capitals. Immediately upon returning from that suspension, he was assessed a match penalty in a 4-1 win over Buffalo for slew footing Johan Larsson.
In the games between the slew footing incident and his concussion, Shaw played very well for the Habs: creating chances around the net as well as frustrating opponents without going over the line. Yet since his return he's been in the spotlight for the wrong reasons.
Last week, with his team trailing 2-1 late in the third period, Shaw took a poorly timed interference penalty.
Shaw's sticks have been taking a real beating lately. pic.twitter.com/IJHlN3qk2c — Marc Dumont (@MarcPDumont) January 27, 2017
As you can see, his reaction is extremely poor. It was an obvious penalty call, not even close to one requiring this sort of tantrum. While he was yelling at the official his own player in Carey Price had to skate over and seemingly tell him to calm down. What resulted from the penalty was Josh Bailey putting the Islanders up 3-1, and sealing the Habs defeat.
Following the All-Star break a new trend emerged, Shaw taking extremely ill-timed penalties at crucial points of the game.
Against Philadelphia, in a game the Habs were leading, Shaw demonstrated his indiscipline yet again. He tripped up Nick Cousins, sending the Flyers to the power play, where Claude Giroux scored and once again cost the Canadiens the game. Even Michel Therrien, who has avoided criticizing Shaw's lack of control in the past, was not happy with the his forward's poor decision. He benched Shaw for the remainder of the third period.
Habs' Shaw goes fishing, hooks a Cousins. pic.twitter.com/rxKmSWZuzG — Scouting The Refs (@ScoutingTheRefs) February 3, 2017
Unfortunately that message seems to have not stuck, as against the Edmonton Oilers, the undisciplined Shaw returned.
Here's the Shaw/McDavid incident early in the first. pic.twitter.com/YdbuUL628m — Marc Dumont (@MarcPDumont) February 5, 2017
While there was no penalty called, this looks like an attempted slew foot on Connor McDavid. You can see Shaw tuck his skate behind McDavid's foot and use his free arm to try and push him backwards in a extremely dangerous manner. This play has no purpose in the game, and deserves to be criticized each and every time. It's dangerous. It's also worth noting that during the game versus the Oilers, Shaw took yet another poorly timed penalty, midway through the third period.
In just 40 games Shaw has set a career high in penalty minutes with 88, which is simply unacceptable for a player who is expected to be a contributor on offence every night. Being a detriment to your team's production because of ill-timed penalties isn't going to make that contract any easier to stomach.
Again, playing with emotion is fine, but with a six-year deal paying nearly $4 million a season, Shaw has to learn to funnel that frustration into a positive element for the Habs. Alexander Radulov isn't getting thrown out of games, or smashing sticks, and he's easily the most energetic player on the ice. His lack of discipline is also a little easier to accept when you take a look at his offensive production. Shaw needs to be an important player for the Habs, but his outbursts and ill timed tantrums make it difficult, especially when he's counted on to live up to his massive contract, but spends a lot of his time sitting in the sin bin during crucial points of various games.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Cat lovers aren't going to like this one.
A new study shows that those who have cats may be more likely to develop mental illnesses including schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and sudden fits of rage.
Researchers from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine published the study in Schizophrenia Research stating a parasite called "Toxoplasma gondii" in cat feces can lead to Toxoplasmosis, a condition that, if contracted in childhood, may lead to serious mental illness later in life.
The study examined groups of adults with and without mental illness and compared how many had cats growing up, KFOR-TV reported.
For years, doctors have told pregnant women to avoid cleaning the cat's litter box because the parasite has been shown to cause severe birth defects.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates more than 60 million adults in the U.S. have Toxoplasmosis and may never show symptoms.
However, experts say you shouldn't get rid of your pets because of this study.
If you have an indoor cat, researchers say the chances of your feline getting this parasite are very slim.
Also, cats can't take all the blame; Toxoplasmosis does not come from cat feces alone.
The same condition can come from eating under-cooked meat, poultry, seafood and unwashed fruits and vegetables.
Health experts say you should avoid feeding your cat under-cooked meat for the same reason.
The CDC says, if you must handle a litter box, clean it daily because the T. gondii protozoa "does not become infectious until 1 to 5 days after it is shed in feces."
Also, be sure to wash your hands thoroughly afterwards and consider wearing disposable gloves.
Police released dashcam video of a wanted woman being hit by patrol car
Warning | viewer discretion advised: Tulsa police released several videos after a shootout with a wanted suspect, who was hit and killed by a patrol car. The video shows 21-year-old Madison Dickson running down the street firing a gun before Officer Jonathan Grafton ran her over with his patrol car.
Madison Dickson was wanted for a series of crimes, including assault with a dangerous weapon, unauthorized use of a vehicle and discharging a firearm in a public place. Police also believe she shot two people during separate incidents in mid-March.
On March 18th, officers spotted Dickson riding in a vehicle in south Tulsa. Police say she exchanged gunfire with several officers as they drove near 91st and Harvard.
Police say Dickson jumped out of the vehicle, running from officers but still firing her gun. She was then hit by a patrol car driven by Officer Jonathan Grafton, a six-year veteran of the department. Police say Grafton hit Dickson to stop the threat against officers and other citizens in the neighborhood.
After Dickson was hit by the cruiser, police used a stun gun to ensure she was no longer a threat. Dickson died of head trauma at the hospital.
No one was hit by the gunfire.
Police identified the two officers who exchanged gunfire with Dickson as Detective Ronnie Leatherman, on the force for 17 years, and Officer Kayla Johnson, a four-year veteran of the department.
All three officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation, according to our ABC affiliate in Tulsa.
Friends of Dickson were shocked to hear about her recent troubles. Madison joined a help program for addicts called 'Teen Challenge' last year. She stayed in it for 13 months before leaving in December.
When I first heard what happened, my thought was no, not Madison, there is no way. She was just so sweet. She always wanted to help everybody. Everybody loved her. Emily Essick, former friend
Her friends knew her as a good person.
They were sad to see her leave the program and get involved in her old lifestyle again.
Friends believe she relapsed. "When you use, you turn into somebody that you aren't and you are willing to do anything and everything," Fair said.
Her friends say they don't condone the horrific things Dickson is accused of doing, but they say she wasn't a bad person.
"It is so unfortunate that Madison left the program and went back to that lifestyle when she had the opportunity to absolutely change her life," Essick said.
arget="_blank"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
Rand Paul on Civil Rights
Rand Paul on Civil Rights Republican Kentucky Senator
Disagrees with Libertarians & Hillary Clinton on gay rights
Hillary is a liberal and not a progressive (Barack Obama and Senator Elizabeth Warren are progressives). If Hillary were progressive, she would be more anti-corporate (more like Elizabeth Warren); and if Hillary were progressive, she would be more opposed to military intervention overseas (more like Rand Paul!).
Resist government imposing religious views of marriage
PAUL: Look, I don't want my marriage or my guns registered in Washington. And if people have an opinion, it's a religious opinion that is heartly felt, obviously they should be allowed to practice that and no government should interfere with them. One of the things that really got to me was the thing in Houston where you had the government, the mayor actually, trying to get the sermons of ministers. When the government tries to invade the church to enforce its own opinion on marriage, that's when it's time to resist.
Source: Fox News/Facebook Top Ten First Tier debate transcript , Aug 6, 2015
Marriage for heterosexuals; contracts for same-sex couples
PAUL: I do believe people ought to be left alone. I am a "leave me alone" kind of guy.
Q: But not when it comes to marriage?
PAUL: Well, no. States will end up making the decisions on these things. I think that there's a religious connotation to marriage that has been going on for thousands of years I still want to preserve that. But I also believe people ought to be treated fairly under the law. I see no reason why, if the marriage contract conveys certain things, that if [a woman] wants to marry another woman, they can do that and have a contract. You could have traditional marriage, and then you could also have the neutrality of the law that allows [same-sex couples] to have contracts with one another.
Source: CNN SOTU 2015 interviews of 2016 presidential hopefuls , Apr 12, 2015
Stand up for Bill of Rights against federal usurpation
I have made it my priority to reassert the rights and privileges of the individual by standing up for the entire Bill of Rights. Our Federal Government has grown out-of-control and we must return it to its constitutionally enumerated powers. I believe that America can successfully protect itself against potential national security threats without sacrificing our inalienable rights
We must fiercely guard our Bill of Rights. I will continue to fight for the Constitution, individual liberty and the freedoms that make this country great.
I don't believe in rights based on your behavior
But it's unclear how far--and to whom--Paul extends the argument that rights cannot be defined by behavior. Practicing religion, for example, is a behavior enshrined in the Bill of Rights, , as is the behavior of free speech. Does Paul believe those behaviors are protected rights?
A Paul spokesperson said the rights that count are those in the country's founding charter. "He does not classify rights based on behavior, but rather recognizes rights for all, as our Constitution defines it. Sen. Paul is the biggest proponent for protecting the Bill of Rights, which, as you know, protects the rights of all Americans as stated in our Constitution."
Source: Buzzfeed.com 2015 coverage of 2016 presidential hopefuls , Mar 31, 2015
Gay contracts ok, but gay marriage is offensive
Paul continued, "I think having competing contracts that would give them equivalency before the law would have solved a lot of these problems, and it may be where we're still headed."
For Paul's vision of equal rights for same-sex couples through contracts to become a reality, the first step would have to be a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court in June upholding state prohibitions on gay nuptials.
Source: Washington Blade 2015 coverage of 2016 presidential hopefuls , Mar 7, 2015
OpEd: Disagrees with Libertarian Party on social issues
Issue Libertarian Party Rand Paul Abortion: No laws for or against abortion Life begins at conception Gay marriage: No laws for or against homosexuality Don't redefine marriage Free Trade agreements: No laws for or against free trade Use incentives on agreements Campaign Finance Reform: No laws for or against donation limits Restrict lobbyists & PACs
Don't register guns federally, nor marriages
What about rapidly-changing opinions on the matter? He took a soft tone. "Society's changing," he said. "People change their minds all the time on this issue, and even within the Republican Party, there are people whose child turns out to be gay and they're like, 'maybe I want to rethink this issue.' So it's been rethought. The President's rethought the issue. A lot of people have rethought the issue."
Was Paul hinting that he, too, could change his thinking? He said, "I believe in old-fashioned traditional marriage. But, I don't really think the government needs to be too involved with this, and I think that the Republican Party can have people on both sides of the issue."
"You could rethink it at some point, too?" I asked. He shrugged. It wasn't a yes or a no.
Source: Jonathan Martin in 2014 NY Times: 2016 presidential hopefuls , Dec 25, 2014
Voter ID laws offend African Americans
Democrats have blasted the effort in Republican states to enact strict voter identification laws, arguing they disproportionately affect minority voters. Paul acknowledged that much of the animosity surrounding the debate centers on race. Republicans claim the laws are essential to combat voter fraud. In past comments, Paul has acknowledged fraud exists but that "Republicans may have overemphasized this."
"There's 180,000 people in Kentucky who can't vote. And I don't know the racial breakdown, but it's probably more black than white," he said.
Source: The Hill weblog 2014 coverage of 2016 presidential hopefuls , May 9, 2014
Women won the "war on women": they're no longer downtrodden
PAUL: Well, you know, I think we have a lot of debates in Washington that get dumbed down and are used for political purposes. This whole sort of war on women thing, I'm scratching my head because if there was a war on women, I think they won. You know, the women in my family are incredibly successful. I have a niece at Cornell vet school, and 85% of the young people there are women. In law school, 60% are women; in med school, 55%. My younger sister's an ob-gyn with six kids and doing great. You know, I don't see so much that women are downtrodden; I see women rising up and doing great things. And, in fact, I worry about our young men sometimes because I think the women really are out-competing the men in our world. I think the facts show that women are doing very well, have come a long way. So I don't really see this, that there's some sort of war that's, you know, keeping women down.
Source: Meet the Press 2014 interviews of 2016 presidential hopefuls , Jan 26, 2014
Redefining marriage leads to economic and moral problems
For Paul, this seemed perfectly sensible. In fact, the senator went even further than Beck: "If we have no laws on this people take it to one extension further. Does it have to be humans? I'm kind of with you, I see the thousands-of-year tradition of the nucleus of the family unit. I also see that economically, if you just look without any kind of moral periscope and you say, what is it that is the leading cause of poverty in our country? It's having kids without marriage. The stability of the marriage unit is enormous and we should not just say oh we're punting on it, marriage can be anything."
Source: Rachel Maddow blog on U.S. Supreme Court rulings on DOMA , Jun 26, 2013
No national law on same-sex marriage; leave it to states
Source: John McCormick article, "Rand Paul Cuts Own Path" , May 10, 2013
Make federal benefits equal for gay couples
At the same time, Paul suggests that the tax code and health insurance should be made neutral so that gay couples benefit from the same breaks as married ones. Like Rubio, he has said that gay marriage should be left to the states to decide. He said Sunday that he is okay with the government being "neutral" on gay marriage; in February he said he was "not sure" how he felt about DOMA.
But he's already willing to let other states legalize gay marriage and to let gay couples have some federal benefits; he could expand that to mean marriage in all but name.
Source: Washington Post 2013 coverage of 2016 presidential hopefuls , Mar 26, 2013
Let states decide same-sex marriage; don't federalize it
PAUL: I think it's a really complicated issue. I've always said that the states have a right to decide. I do believe in traditional marriage, Kentucky has decided it, and I don't think the federal government should tell us otherwise. There are states that have decided in the opposite fashion, and I don't think the federal government should tell anybody or any state government how they should decide this. Marriage has been a state issue for hundreds of years. DOMA is complicated, though, because DOMA does provide protection for the states from the federal government. But, then part of it federalizes the issue. I think the way to fix DOMA is maybe to try to make all of our laws more neutral towards the issue, and I don't want the government promoting something I don't believe in.
Source: Fox News Sunday 2013 interviews: 2016 presidential hopefuls , Mar 24, 2013
Illegal to impose racial segregation in the private sector
Asked if he thought a private business had the right to say it would not serve black people, he said: "I don't want to be associated with those people, but I also don't want to limit their speech in any way in the sense that we tolerate boorish and uncivilised behaviour because that's one of the things freedom requires."
Since the furore, Paul has released a statement indicating that he would have voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 de-segregation bill, a position he declined to take a day earlier.
"I support the Civil Rights Act because I overwhelmingly agree with the intent of the legislation, which was to stop discrimination in the public sphere and halt the abhorrent practice of segregation," he said.
Opposes same-sex marriage
Source: New York Times politics report: Kentucky , Nov 26, 2009
Voted NO on reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act.
Amends the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (VAWA) to add or expand definitions of several terms used in such Act, including : "culturally specific services" to mean community-based services that offer culturally relevant and linguistically specific services and resources to culturally specific communities; "personally identifying information" with respect to a victim of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking; "underserved populations" as populations that face barriers in accessing and using victim services because of geographic location, religion, sexual orientation or gender identity; and "youth" to mean a person who is 11 to 24 years old.
Opponent's Argument for voting No (The Week; Huffington Post, and The Atlantic): House Republicans had objected to provisions in the Senate bill that extended VAWA's protections to lesbians, gays, immigrants, and Native Americans. For example, Rep. Bill Johnson (R-OH) voted against the VAWA bill because it was a "politically–motivated, constitutionally-dubious Senate version bent on dividing women into categories by race, transgender politics and sexual preference." The objections can be grouped in two broadly ideological areas--that the law is an unnecessary overreach by the federal government, and that it represents a "feminist" attack on family values. The act's grants have encouraged states to implement "mandatory-arrest" policies, under which police responding to domestic-violence calls are required to make an arrest. These policies were intended to combat the too-common situation in which a victim is intimidated into recanting an abuse accusation. Critics also say VAWA has been subject to waste, fraud, and abuse because of insufficient oversight.
Reference: Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act; Bill S. 47 ; vote number 13-SV019 on Feb 12, 2013
Opposes affirmative action.
The Christian Coalition voter guide [is] one of the most powerful tools Christians have ever had to impact our society during elections. This simple tool has helped educate tens of millions of citizens across this nation as to where candidates for public office stand on key faith and family issues.
The CC survey summarizes candidate stances on the following topic: "Affirmative action programs providing preferential treatment to minorities"
Source: Christian Coalition Survey 10-CC-q2 on Aug 11, 2010
Supports Amendment to prevent same-sex marriage.
The Christian Coalition voter guide [is] one of the most powerful tools Christians have ever had to impact our society during elections. This simple tool has helped educate tens of millions of citizens across this nation as to where candidates for public office stand on key faith and family issues.
The CC survey summarizes candidate stances on the following topic: "Federal Marriage Amendment to prevent same-sex marriage"
Source: Christian Coalition Survey 10-CC-q3 on Aug 11, 2010
Respect faith-based opposition to same-sex marriage.
Congressional Summary: The First Amendment Defense Act (FADA) prohibits the federal government from taking discriminatory action against a person on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that:
marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman, or sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage.
Political Argument Opposed: [ACLU, July 20, 2015]: The House of Representatives & leading anti-LGBT organizations are pushing a bill--disingenuously titled the First Amendment Defense Act--that would open the door to unprecedented taxpayer-funded discrimination against LGBT people, single mothers, and unmarried couples. This bill would
allow federal contractors, including those that provide homeless shelters or drug treatment programs, to turn away LGBT people
permit a university to fire an unmarried teacher simply for becoming pregnant
permit federal employees to refuse to process tax returns, visa applications, or Social Security checks for all married same-sex couples
Source: H.R.2802 16-HR2802 on Jun 17, 2015
Search for...
X
Page last updated: Jan 09, 2019
“The girl set out the platter of bacon and the brown, high biscuits and a bowl of bacon gravy and a pot of coffee, and then she squatted down by the box too. The baby still nursed, its head up under the girl's shirtwaist. They filled their plates, poured bacon gravy over the biscuits, and sugared their coffee. The older man filled his mouth full, and he chewed and chewed and gulped and swallowed. “God Almighty, it's good!” he said, and he filled his mouth again.” (John Steinbeck, Grapes of Wrath)
“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!” (C. Joybell C.)
At first glance, the two quotations above may seem unrelated to each other in every way except that their subject matter is food. Yet, the interest of the quotations above is not really food at all; it is the joy that good food inspires in the human spirit. People in the most dire of situations can sometimes escape from their misery if they happen upon the chance to have a good meal or a special food. In the Grapes of Wrath, for example, Steinbeck depicts the plight of poor people struggling for survival during the dust bowl era. The Joads, the fictional family whose story Steinbeck tells, live a mean life as they travel around California, looking for work as pickers in orchards and on farms. As poor as they are, though, their lives seem to have moments of respite from their struggle when they are able to have bacon with their breakfast. The descriptions of their breakfasts seemingly defy their meager existence; as long as one has bacon to accompany his potatoes or biscuits, the misery of a hard-scrabble life can be interrupted by moments of joy. The Joad family's response to bacon is a perfectly natural response to bacon. Anyone who responds differently to a meal accompanied by bacon may just be abnormal in some way. Bacon is a nearly perfect comfort food. The aroma of bacon as it fries permeates the surrounding air with the promise of crisp, flavorful strips of succulent pork, shiny with fat, the droplets of which allow the flavor of bacon to sit longer on one's tongue. Eggs served without bacon are merely basic and naked: hardly worth the effort of preparing. Waffles served without bacon, though more easily able than eggs to stand alone, are yet a fraction of the quality they achieve when slices of perfectly cooked bacon just waiting to be eaten lay on the plate along side them.
Sadly, bacon fell out of favor a couple of decades ago when from East to West, an inexplicable fear of fat (fat in foods as well as fat in humans) spread throughout our land. Fortunately, though, bacon has regained favor in the past few years. Even more fortunately, bacon is allowed to play new roles! It is now as likely to appear on the candy aisle as in the refrigerator section of the grocery store, and on the dessert menu as well as on the breakfast menu in restaurants. The new use of bacon as a dessert ingredient is linked to Heston Blumenthal, who in 2006 began serving bacon and egg ice cream at the U.K. Fat Duck restaurant. Now bacon appears as an ingredient everything from chocolate bars to cupcakes. I even bought a bacon sucker for my son-in-law, Michael, at Whole Foods a couple of years ago.
Michael is a doting husband to our daughter, and he's a caring, involved father to our grandsons. I appreciate what he adds to our lives. Michael (as a sensible man) happens to love bacon. I show my fondness for people by cooking for them, and for some time I had in my mind the notion of developing a bacon cake recipe to bake for Michael. A bacon cake would be a special treat for our son-in-law, because a cake is really a lovely thing. Everyone loves cake. As poet and writer C. Joybell C. points out, “cake is happiness.” Cakes come in all flavors, shapes, and sizes, but the cake essence remains the same: simple, soft, and sweet. Just imagine. One can mix together a few eggs, a bit of butter, a measure of flour and sugar, sometimes a small amount of milk or yogurt, and end up with the most amazing dessert: cake, the food of the gods. The ancient Greeks supposedly baked the first cakes, which they served to the goddess Artemis in her temple. Of course, those cakes were more bread-like than the cakes we eat these days, and they were sweetened with honey rather than sugar. Those cakes were probably more healthy than the cakes we eat today, but I bet their taste wasn't nearly as pleasing as that of the cakes we bake in the 21st century. And what could possibly be more pleasing than the marriage of two comfort foods: bacon and cake?
One reason I had to put off baking a bacon cake for so long is that I had trouble determining what flavor frosting would best complement the bacon in the cake. The perfect opportunity for me to finally make my bacon cake a reality arrived this past Christmas, when I found out that Torani had developed a chicken and waffle (Chicken ‘N Waffles) flavored syrup. Of course I had to order a bottle of the Chicken N Waffle flavored syrup. Everyone in the family was excited about the syrup, since we're all foodies. We brainstormed to come up with the best uses for the flavored syrup. To use it on chicken and waffles would be too boring. We could use it over ice cream, we decided: an interesting idea that appealed to most of us. As we discussed the syrup's possible uses, I realized that the chicken and waffle flavor might perfectly complement a bacon cake I had long thought of baking. I decided to develop a bacon cake and frost it with chicken and waffle flavored buttercream frosting. The end product was a match made in Heaven! It is a delicious cake that provides an oh-so-satisfying salty-sweet, savory-sweet flavor combination that makes one's eyes close as a throaty “mmmmm” sound arises involuntarily from the depths of her diaphragm. If C. Joybell C. is correct about the existence of “the way of the cake,” then surely this bacon cake with chicken and waffle frosting is the way to go.
UPDATE: I recently made this cake for another family gathering, but I sprinkled crumbled candied bacon over the top of the cake. It is a delicious addition! To make candied bacon, just sprinkle some brown sugar on four slices of bacon while you pan-fry or oven fry it. When the bacon is cooled, crumble it and sprinkle it evenly over the top of the frosted cake.
Bacon Cake with Chicken ‘N Waffles Buttercream Frosting
½ lb European unsalted butter, softened
600 g (3 cups) sugar
1 cup vanilla whole fat Greek yogurt
225 g (2 cups) Superfine brown rice flour
94 g (3/4 cup)Tapioca flour
57 g (1/2 cup)Potato starch (NOT potato flour!)
½ tsp aluminum-free baking soda
1 tsp guar gum
6 large eggs
2 tbls pure maple syrup
6 slices of bacon, cooked and crumbled
Note: I mix this cake entirely in my food processor, so that the bacon crumbles become even smaller as I process the bacon into the batter.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. On a baking sheet, lay the six pieces of bacon. Place the bacon in the oven and cook until evenly crisp and brown (about twenty minutes). Remove from oven and place on paper towels to cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees.
While the bacon is cooling, cream together the sugar and the butter until fluffy. Add the yogurt and mix until well blended. In a separate bowl, mix together the dry ingredients. Add the dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the eggs, beating after the addition of each egg. Add the maple syrup and the crumbled bacon. Beat until well-blended. Pour batter into a buttered and floured 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan. For a layer cake, pour into three buttered and floured 8 inches round pans. Bake at 350 degrees until done, about thirty minutes for a 13 x 9-inch cake, or twenty minutes for the 8 inch cakes.
Chicken ‘N Waffles Buttercream Frosting
½ lb European unsalted butter, softened
*460 – 575 g (4 to 5 cups)gluten-free powdered sugar
1 tbls milk, half and half, or cream
2 – 3 tbls Torani Chicken ‘N Waffle syrup
**Vanilla bean salt (optional)
*Note: Powdered sugar usually has corn starch added to it, but some sugar companies still add wheat to their powdered sugar. Most popular brands of powdered sugar are mixed with cornstarch and are thus safe for use by people with Celiac. Check the ingredients of off-brand powdered sugar before using, to be sure the sugar is gluten-free.
**Note: The first time I baked this cake, a few people who ate it thought the frosting too sweet. Although most people who tasted it found the balance between sweet frosting and savory cake to be perfect, I decided to tone down the sweetness of the frosting some when I baked the cake a second time. Some people liked the addition of the salt, others liked it better the first time, without the salt. The cake works either way: everyone loved the cake, regardless of the addition or lack of the vanilla bean salt.
With a mixer, beat the butter for a minute or two, until creamy. Gradually add the powdered sugar, at a low speed to prevent the sugar from flying everywhere. Increase the speed of the mixer and add the milk or cream, and the Torani syrup. Begin with two tablespoons of the syrup and then taste. Add more if necessary. The chicken and waffle flavor should be detectable, but not over-whelming. If the flavoring is the right balance but the frosting is still too stiff, add more milk or cream, a little at a time, until the frosting reaches the right consistency for frosting the cake.
Sharing Digg Yummly 0 StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 0
Share this: Pinterest
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
Tumblr
Reddit
More
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
India unveiled plans on Tuesday to attract foreign capital for the modernization of its railway network.
The government indicated it was willing to spend more money on the overhaul, with the rail finance bill regarded by economists as setting the stage for the general budget debate in which the right-wing government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi was to lay out keenly awaited economic reform plans.
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda said the state-run network carrying 23 million people daily needed an "immediate course correction" after decades of mismanagement.
More high-speed trains
Gowda said he would seek cabinet approval for foreign direct investment in the railways for the first time and undertake a strong push for public-private partnerships in all areas except passenger operations.
He also announced plans to move ahead with a network of high-speed trains running at speeds of up to 200 kilometers per hour (120 miles per hour) on existing, but upgraded rails.
The minister added there would be a 40-percent hike in the budget for cleaning trains and improving toilets whose state often horrified travelers.
Track modernization and carriage purchases were to be funded partly through a double-digit passenger fare increase announced last month, Gowda said. Analysts claimed that as much as $500 billion (367.7 billion euros) had to be invested over the next 10 years to overhaul the railway system.
hg/ng (AFP, dpa)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why trans-fats might be in foods you do not expect
Trans-fats are unsafe to eat and must be banned from the food supply within three years, US regulators have said.
The US Food and Drug Administration said partially hydrogenated oils (PHOs), the main source of trans-fats, are not "generally recognised as safe".
It said a ban would save lives by preventing fatal heart attacks.
Food suppliers have been required to show trans-fats information on food labels since 2006 but health experts say Americans still consume too much.
"The FDA's action on this major source of artificial trans-fat demonstrates the agency's commitment to the heart health of all Americans," said FDA's Acting Commissioner Stephen Ostroff.
"This action is expected to reduce coronary heart disease and prevent thousands of fatal heart attacks every year."
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption Manufacturers will have three years to get rid of trans-fats
War on trans-fats
made by pumping vegetable oils with hydrogen which makes them solids or semi-solids
eating trans-fats took off in the 1970s when margarine became popular
popular foods that may have trans-fats: French fries, fried meats, frosting
cheap to produce with a long shelf life
World Health Organization calls them 'toxic'
many companies already working to remove them from foods
Since the FDA started labelling trans-fats, the agency estimates that consumption of them decreased by 78% in the US.
The UK has been calling for a ban on trans-fats for several years.
In Denmark, almost all trans-fats have been banned since 2003.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said during an interview broadcast Sunday that Russia has not fulfilled its commitment under chemical weapons agreements.
"I'm disappointed because I think the real failure here has been Russia's failure to live up to its commitments under the chemical weapons agreements that were entered into in 2013," Tillerson said during an interview on ABC's "This Week."
"Both by the Syrian government and by Russia as the guarantor to play the role in Syria of securing chemical weapons, destroying the chemical weapons and continuing to monitor that situation."
ADVERTISEMENT
Tillerson said the recent chemical attack in Syria "in large measure is a failure on Russia's part to achieve its commitment to the international community."
Last week, the U.S. launched a missile strike on a Syrian military air base in retaliation for a chemical attack in northern Syria that the U.S. has blamed on the administration of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
The U.S. is asking for Russia to fulfill its commitment and is calling on Assad to "cease the use of these weapons," Tillerson said.
Other than that, he said, there is "no change to our military posture" in Syria.
Tillerson noted he hopes Russia will be "supportive of a process that will lead to a stable Syria."
"I hope Russia is thinking carefully about its continued alliance with Bashar al-Assad," he said, "because every time one of these horrific attacks occurs, it draws Russia closer into some level of responsibility."
Twitter has blocked Politwoops from using its API, effectively killing the service that archived and published tweets deleted by politicians. Politwoops has a number of international sites, each concerned with the politicians of different countries and it monitored the account of prominent politicians for deleted tweets before publishing them for all to see.
The US version of the service was denied API access earlier in the year, but over the weekend Twitter extended the ban to a further 30 Politwoops accounts. The tweets deleted by those in politics are often far more telling and revealing than those that remain in place, and this was the reason for Politwoops existence. Not for the first time, Twitter has entered the political arena, indicating that it views the deletion decisions of elected politicians as more important than the right of the electorate to see tweets that have been self-censored.
Open State Foundation, the group behind all of the accounts, reports that it was contacted by Twitter and informed that its API access was being revoked following "thoughtful internal deliberation and close consideration of a number of factors". Used by journalists the world over, Politwoops prides itself on helping to increase the transparency of politicians and what they say.
Open State Foundation's director Arjan El Fassed says that it is important for people to be able to see precisely what has been tweeted by politicians:
What elected politicians publicly say is a matter of public record. Even when tweets are deleted, it's part of parliamentary history. These tweets were once posted and later deleted. What politicians say in public should be available to anyone. This is not about typos but it is a unique insight on how messages from elected politicians can change without notice.
Twitter has defended the move saying:
Imagine how nerve-racking -- terrifying, even -- tweeting would be if it was immutable and irrevocable? No one user is more deserving of that ability than another. Indeed, deleting a tweet is an expression of the user's voice.
Open State Foundation says that it will explore what other options are available to help it keep the electorate informed.
NEW YORK, N.Y. - An independent arbitrator cut Dennis Wideman's suspension from 20 games to 10 on Friday, saying he didn't believe the Calgary Flames defenceman intended to injure linesman Don Henderson when he knocked him to the ice.
In an 18-page ruling, James Oldham wrote that he agreed with the NHL's decision to suspend Wideman for abusing an official. But he disagreed with Commissioner Gary Bettman's conclusion that there was sufficient evidence to show Wideman deliberately wanted to injure Henderson when he hit him during a game against Nashville on Jan. 27.
Wideman has already served 19 games as the appeals process went to Bettman and then Oldham. He will get back $282,258 of the $564,516 he was going to forfeit as a result of the suspension.
Oldham wrote that Wideman's "exemplary" 11-year record without discipline throughout his career played into his decision. He wrote that Wideman suffering a concussion as the result of a hit seconds before striking Henderson made it possible he did not know what he was doing.
Oldham's decision was based on NHL guidelines for abuse of officials that sets 10- and 20-game marks. The 20-game suspension is predicated on intent to injure.
The NHL said in a statement it "strenuously" disagrees with Oldham's ruling.
ESPN.com's Scott Burnside received a statement from National Hockey League Officials Association president Dan O'Halloran.
"The NHLOA strongly disagrees with the arbitrator's decision to reduce Dennis Wideman's suspension to 10 games while linesman Don Henderson continues to recover from an injury inflicted by the player that will sideline him for the rest of the season. The message in reducing the suspension that is sent to NHL players, as well as athletes all over the world, including children, is that the code of conduct towards officials has changed.
The NHLOA intends to take all steps necessary so that its members are protected in the future and ensure that this type of conduct by a player against an official never happens again."
The NHL Players' Association said it believes there should have been no discipline for Wideman but that it was pleased Oldham reduced the suspension.
Wideman returned to action for Calgary on Friday night against the Arizona Coyotes.
Dennis Wideman Timeline
Jan. 27 – Wideman hit on linesman Don Henderson in Calgary.
Jan. 28 – Wideman suspended indefinitely by NHL pending hearing.
Feb. 2 – Wideman disciplinary hearing held in Toronto; suspended by NHL Hockey Ops that night for 20 games; appeal filed by NHLPA.
Feb. 10 – Appeal heard by commissioner Gary Bettman in New York, lasted approx. 6 hours.
Feb. 17 – Bettman announces 20-game suspension is upheld, releases 23-page decision. NHLPA immediately announces decision will be appealed to NHL/NHLPA neutral discipline arbitrator James C. Oldham.
Feb. 26 – Oldham hears appeal in New York, two sides are notified then to not expect a decision until week of March 7 because Oldham has another case on his plate. NHLPA asks because Oldham is busy to allow Wideman to keep playing until a decision is rendered.
March 4 – Final written arguments are due to Oldham. The final arguments were not made in-person in an effort to speed up the process.
March 11 – Bettman tells reporters at Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston that he is “perfectly comfortable” with the appeals process. Two hours later, Oldham reduces Wideman suspension from 20 games to 10 games. With the reduction Wideman will forfeit $282,258 instead of $564,516. But he'll never get those 10 games back. He was due to serve the 20th and final game of the suspension Friday night against Arizona.
BEREA, Ohio -- Joe Thomas, the Browns' five-time Pro Bowl tackle and team captain, blasted former teammate Peyton Hillis Wednesday for crippling the 2011 offense over his contract dispute, for refusing to play sick and for creating a distraction.
"I think it was better for both sides [that he left]," Thomas said of Hillis, returning Sunday as a running back with the Chiefs. "At that point, the situation with him here was toxic. He didn't want to be here and players didn't want him here and it's better just for a fresh start at that point."
The Hillis saga of 2011 began when he left on the day of a home game against Miami in Week 3 with strep throat and the flu. His then-agent, Kennard McGuire, said he advised Hillis not to play.
"You guys tell me -- you think strep throat and I don't know whatever else injuries he had [a pulled hamstring] should keep you out of an NFL game? Or several?" Thomas said. "All I know is [center] Alex Mack had appendicitis. His appendix blew up, and he played."
Thomas, who was part of a group of team leaders that staged a midseason intervention with Hillis, said the back drastically changed in his contract year.
"He decided that his contract was more important than coming out and playing and helping his team win, and it left us without a running back," Thomas said. "To have Peyton going through a contract dispute and basically refusing to play, it was a big distraction. And then we had a few injuries that hurt us further with Montario [Hardesty] being down and Brandon Jackson, losing him in training camp.
"[Hillis] decided to go about trying to get a new contract a certain way and ended up hurting the other 52 guys in the locker room. That was his decision."
Thomas said teammates tried to talk to Hillis, to no avail. Hillis, who with the rest of the Chiefs is grieving the murder-suicide of teammate Jovan Belcher, declined an interview request this week.
"People who thought they were very close friends with him ... he wouldn't listen to anybody," Thomas said. "He thought he knew what was the right way to do it and it ended up hurting everybody, not just himself. It was a tough situation."
Thomas said it was "one weird thing after another" with Hillis, including his midweek wedding and launching the ball through goalposts from midfield in San Francisco when he was inactive with a pulled hamstring.
"When you're 'injured' and you should be getting treatment, to go do your own thing repeatedly was just disrespectful more than anything to his teammates," Thomas said.
Former Browns right tackle Tony Pashos, after reading Thomas' remarks, tweeted, "U can tell it was hell when Joe speaks out about it. He just gave u guys the tip (of the iceberg)." Pashos also tweeted, "Now just imagine Colt (McCoy) having to deal with that and all the other trash going on."
In training camp, Thomas told reporters that if the team had to choose upsides, no one would pick Hillis. "He wasn't real popular around here, the way he went about his business. Not that they didn't like him as a person, just the way he hurt the team from not coming to play," said Thomas. "That's the No.1 thing."
He said Hillis' behavior was out of character after a stellar 2010, in which he rushed for 1,177 yards and 11 TDs.
"He was everything people knew about him -- hard-working, blue-collar, tough, would do anything for anybody on the team," Thomas said. "All he cared about was winning, and then all of a sudden the next year all he cared about was trying to get his new contract."
Did it have anything to do with him being on the Madden video game cover?
"Maybe," said Thomas. "I think he was just getting some poor guidance on how to go about his business. I don't begrudge a guy for trying to get his contract. This is a business for us just like it's a business for the owners. I just think there's a right way to do it and a wrong way to do it, and the way he chose really hurt the team."
Thomas said rookie Trent Richardson stands in stark contrast.
"You can't say enough about things that Trent does for this team and how humble he is, coming off of an incredibly successful career at Alabama, being the No. 3 pick, having a very successful rookie season," Thomas said. "He's just a great person and a great teammate.
"Obviously he was nicked up earlier in the season and he still goes out there and runs people over on Sunday. And I think you can appreciate that."
In Kansas City, Hillis delivered a poignant pre-game speech about pulling together in the aftermath of Belcher's death.
"It was a powerful moment," quarterback Brady Quinn told NFL.com's Jeff Darlington. "We needed something to bring us together, and Peyton's speech before the game did it. He talked about how this whole situation brought him closer to his faith, how it made him think about life and what we're here for. He hoped we'd play for each brother next to us, because we're family."
In the off-season, Hillis signed a one-year deal with the Chiefs for $2.8 million -- including $2.4 million guaranteed -- after the Browns failed to make an offer. Will former Browns and current Chiefs offensive coordinator Brian Daboll let Hillis make a statement on the field Sunday?
"I'm sure he'll probably want to come in here and prove they made a mistake by not resigning him," said Thomas. "It will be interesting to see how many opportunities they give him."
On Twitter: @marykaycabot
Yikes. (Picture: Wessex News Agency)
Someone in Portreath is REALLY angry about littering – and has an extreme solution.
Perhaps one of the most passive aggressive adverts ever to grace the pages of a local newspaper has suggested litterbugs should be castrated.
The advert, place anonymously in publication West Briton, states: ‘FREE STERILISATION for anyone who throws their rubbish out of their car windows whilst parked at Tregea Hill, Portreath. Contact your GP and do your bit for society.'
It is considered a massive problem in the Cornwall village.
Chris Watts, chairman of Porthreath Parish Council, said ‘Littering is an ongoing issue in some parts of the village.
MORE: A bus driver was ‘refused a job interview because he's not Romanian'
MORE: Photographer wades through thick mud to free stranded eagle
‘Portreath is hit by large amounts of rubbish every time the sun comes out, as regular as clockwork.
‘We employ a litter picker once a week, but unfortunately we can't afford him every day and he is fighting a losing battle.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘In our experience, the locals tend to pick up after themselves. It is very frustrating.
‘In winter we don't have as much of a litter problem, it's more about dog mess.
‘Some visitors don't seem to bother looking for bins which is extremely annoying because there are plenty in Portreath and they are all emptied regularly.
‘It is a constant, ongoing problem.'
A quick post on a trident maple and a unique technique for thickening the base.
A friend and I ordered about a hundred bare root tridents several years ago.
He had done all the legwork and asked me to split the order; he wanted to try this thing he had read about where you take a seedling:
Slip a CD (a cd is an obsolete music storage artifact that's used nowadays for sun catchers and anti-squirrel devices. There are things called cd-r's, cd-rom's, cd-wr's and such but they are completely different.
Completely.
At least for the purpose of the running gag I'll be using).
Take said seedling and slip it through the convenient center hole:
Making sure that some of the roots stay above the hole.
Then, plant the whole artifact into a pot or the ground and what should happen is the roots above the cd will spread out radially and then start growing down the side of the cd and thicken quickly. The roots stuck through the center hole will eventually be pinched off as they get too big for that hole.
So how does this work?
Better than just plunking them into a pot.
This is the root spread on the larger trident we planted.
Not bad.
One mistake we made was to allow one root to grow out of the bottom of the pot and into the ground.
Watch as I rotate the tree:
Kinda unfortunate.
How will I mitigate it?
I love the word “mitigate”.
I feel like Jean Luc Picard when I use it.
“We must find a way to mitigate the destruction of the Talesian spider monkey without violating the Prime Directive. Let's execute the kardashian gambit and distract the Talesians with some “big booty style”.
Make it so Number One!
And be sure make record of it so I can….review…the footage at my…leisure”.
Whoa. Sorry about that one.
But I can totally imagine that monologue in Patrick Stewart's voice.
Anyway, I can cut back the roots that grew off the sides and down:
And I can remove the cd now too.
Which has been split apart anyway.
Then I cut back the roots to a side root in order to introduce some taper and movement (yes, those elements are important in the roots too).
And now for the “mitigation”.
That big root is just way out of proportion to the other roots.
It's almost obscene-
Have you heard of a trunk chop?
You can do a root chop on some trees too.
I cut it just beyond a root branching-
This will help that huge cut to callous over and hopefully throw more roots out of the end.
I don't need to seal the cut end as it will be under the soil and can still absorb water, to a degree.
Now a real trunk chop:
Just to the first branch.
A new pot with bonsai soil and sturdy tie down wires.
And then, cover the roots to keep them from drying out.
That's all. Let it grow for two more years or so.
Growing from seeds and seedlings takes time.
The next post will deal with a rather bigger trident maple…..
Stay tuned!
A Toronto K-9 police dog savaged a neighbourhood pet cat after escaping from its handler last Thursday morning. The attack happened days after the City of Toronto began a crack-down on off-leash dogs.
Toronto Police deny the K-9 dog could have attacked a child instead of the local pet cat it did. ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star ) McGuire was badly injured in the attack by a police K9 dog. The 18-year-old feline was given emergency treatment at Yonge-Davenport Pet Hospital. McGuire, 18, before the attack.
The K-9 dog was being trained at a vacant school near the Dufferin St. and Dundas St. W. intersection when it broke free from its handler and chased after McGuire, the pet cat of local resident Aidan Moreau-MacLeod. “It's unbelievable. My father came home to find McGuire critically injured,” said the 25-year-old Moreau-MacLeod. “The injuries are bad, but, thankfully, not fatal.” The 18-year-old pet cat went into emergency treatment at Yonge-Davenport Pet Hospital around 10 p.m. June 4 and was moved to an animal hospital in Scarborough on Sunday.
Article Continued Below
McGuire, an 18-year-old cat, was badly injured in the attack, said owner Aidan Moreau-MacLeod. ( Photos courtesy Aidan Moreau-MacLeod )
The family is so far out of pocket more than $2,000, which the police say they will cover along with any ongoing veterinary bills. “It's had a huge toll on my whole family, but my main concern is why the police are training dogs in a dense residential neighbourhood,” Moreau-MacLeod added. “I live near a park, a community centre and a daycare centre. We live right next to a family with two young kids, and a good friend of mine nearby has a toddler. “That's really the problem. “The police were incredibly lucky this was a cat and not a small child.”
The family, which insists the police have been co-operative, was informed by a local landscaping company that the cat's injuries had been caused by a trainee K-9 dog, which the Police Dog Services confirmed to the Star.
McGuire, before the trainee K-9 dog attack.
Staff Sgt. James Hung vehemently denied that the dog could have attacked a child in the area, as opposed to an animal.
Article Continued Below
“It's an unfortunate situation,” Hung said. “The first characteristic we look for in a dog is that it's sociable with people. Our dogs are trained to apprehend, not to attack. “Our dogs go out all the time to school events where millions of kids are petting them. “Unfortunately, it's like the saying goes, they will fight like cats and dogs with animals. They still have certain instincts where they see cats and raccoons as the enemy or prey.” Hung said dogs are trained in the environment and area where they may end up working. “Dogs will potentially be searching residential areas for suspects or missing people,” he explained. The Toronto police website says both the handler and dog embark on a 15-week training course in which the duo is taught about obedience, tracking, area searches and the apprehension of criminals. The dog is about halfway through its training with the Dog Services unit. Police say its training won't be altered as a result of the attack.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
UKIP's only MP, Douglas Carswell, has announced that he is quitting the party.
Carswell confirmed that he will “amicably” be becoming an independent MP after defecting from the Conservatives to join UKIP in 2014.
The MP, who has served in the Commons since 2005, said that he decided to leave the party because the UK had voted to leave the EU.
Writing on his website, Carswell said: “I will leave UKIP amicably, cheerfully and in the knowledge that we won.”
“I will not be switching parties, nor crossing the floor to the Conservatives, so do not need to call a by election, as I did when switching from the Conservatives to UKIP.
“I will simply be the Member of Parliament for Clacton, sitting as an independent.”
Carswell added that he would now be drawing his attention away from the EU and focussing on more local issues such as the NHS.
“I will be putting all of my effort into tackling some of the local problems affecting the NHS in our part of Essex… Local comes first,” he said.
His decision to stand as an independent MP comes after the former leader of UKIP, Nigel Farage, accused Carswell of “actively working against UKIP”.
Carswell, who took an anti same-sex marriage stance when he voted against the Marriage Equality Act, stood against Farage after the former leader made unsavoury comments about HIV diagnoses.
Farage said that “60 per cent of HIV diagnoses were not British nationals” and that the “health service should not be an international health service”.
Carswell, who's father was one of the first doctors to identify HIV in Uganda, would not Back Farage's comment. Instead he deflected and accused reporters of “trying to get me to say something I haven't said.”
Carswell previously said Mr Farage's suggestion to ban migrants with HIV was not “serious”.
CLOSE Southwest Florida communities reflect on their needs after Hurricane Irma. Katie Klann/Naples Daily News
Naples Philharmonic (Photo: Submitted)
The community is getting what Kathleen van Bergen, president and CEO of Artis—Naples described as "a big hug" after Hurricane Irma — free tickets for portions of all Naples Philharmonic events through Oct. 24 and a special free concert Oct. 14.
"The underlying message is that our community is still working hard to get back to a sense of normalcy every day, but we believe firmly in our mission and the restorative power of arts," van Bergen said this week.
She said the venue was doing it as "kind of big hug so we can get back to the strong Naples we know we are."
It does not include the chamber concert at Florida Gulf Coast University on Oct. 11, the opening night of the Naples International Film Festival, or visiting artists such as the Four Tops and Temptations.
However, it will include tickets to both the first Naples Philharmonic Masterworks concert and the opening concerts of both its Wang and Sypert chamber music series.
A traditionally free autumn event, Community Day, will continue as planned, with family activities from noon to 4 p.m. Oct. 28. A free concert of appropriately spooky music with the Naples Philharmonic in Hayes Hall at 4 p.m. will follow a Halloween costume parade. Tickets are needed for that event, but are free.
"We decided we wanted to recognize as boldly and as generously as we can the impact Irma has had on our community, and the incredible tour de force and efforts of first responders, as well all those volunteers from neighborhoods to larger county and region," van Bergen said.
Artis—Naples is still wrestling with its own storm problems in The Baker Museum, which has been closed since Hurricane Irma because of what van Bergen would only confirm was a "water intrusion."
She said the museum staff and remedial experts are trying to solve and fix the problem. Van Bergen also said she could not give an opening date
"Once The Baker Museum reopens we will find a way to welcome the community with that same commitment to access," she said.
The free Philharmonic event tickets can be ordered beginning no earlier than 10 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 5, online, by phone at 239-597-1900 or at the box office. Artis—Naples is at 5833 Pelican Bay Blvd., North Naples.
Here are the concerts at Artis—Naples for which free tickets are available (regular reserved seat prices, where available, are in parentheses):
» Sunday, Oct. 8: Wang Chamber Music Series: 3 p.m. in the Daniels Pavilion. Taffaenel Wind Quintet; Ravel — Sonata for Violin and Cello; Debussy String Quartet ($48)
» Tuesday, Oct. 10, and Sunday, Oct. 15: Sypert Salon Series. 3 p.m. both dates in the Daniels Pavilion. Beethoven Sextet for Two Horns and Strings in E-Flat Major, Reicha Bassoon Quintet in B-flat Major and Weber Clarinet Quintet ($45)
» Saturday, Oct. 14: Magic Carpet Family Concert. 10 a.m in the Daniels Pavilion. Concert for families with children ages 3-9, including demonstrations of the instruments.
» Saturday, Oct. 14: Special community concert. 8 p.m. in Hayes Hall. The Naples Philharmonic in an evening of uptempo classical music, including Strauss, Dvořák, Debussy, Mendelssohn, Albéniz, Chen and Bernstein.
» Oct. 19-20: Masterworks concert No. 1. 8 p.m. both dates in Hayes Hall. John Adams' "Short Ride in a Fast Machine," Dvořák Cello Concerto and Shostakovich Symphony No. 5. Music Director Andrey Boreyko conducts; cellist Alban Gerhardt is featured artist. ($15-$72)
Alban Gerhardt (Photo: Sim Canetty for Clarke-Hyperion Records)
» Oct. 24: "La La Land." 8 p.m. in Hayes Hall. Naples Philharmonic and Naples Philharmonic Chorus perform the soundtrack behind a screening of the Oscar-winning musical film. ($49 to $89)
A screening of "La La Land" on Oct. 24 will be accompanied by the Naples Philharmonic recreating its soundtrack live. (Photo: Dale Robinette)
Read or Share this story: https://www.naplesnews.com/story/weather/hurricanes/2017/10/05/artis-naples-helps-irma-recovery-free-tickets-through-oct-24/723309001/
If by fiat I had to identify the most consequential ideas in the history of science, good and bad, in the top 10 would be the 1798 treatise An Essay on the Principle of Population, by English political economist Thomas Robert Malthus. On the positive side of the ledger, it inspired Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace to work out the mechanics of natural selection based on Malthus's observation that populations tend to increase geometrically (2, 4, 8, 16 …), whereas food reserves grow arithmetically (2, 3, 4, 5 …), leading to competition for scarce resources and differential reproductive success, the driver of evolution.
On the negative side of the ledger are the policies derived from the belief in the inevitability of a Malthusian collapse. “The power of population is so superior to the power of the earth to produce subsistence for man, that premature death must in some shape or other visit the human race,” Malthus gloomily predicted. His scenario influenced policymakers to embrace social Darwinism and eugenics, resulting in draconian measures to restrict particular populations' family size, including forced sterilizations.
In his book The Evolution of Everything (Harper, 2015), evolutionary biologist and journalist Matt Ridley sums up the policy succinctly: “Better to be cruel to be kind.” The belief that “those in power knew best what was good for the vulnerable and weak” led directly to legal actions based on questionable Malthusian science. For example, the English Poor Law implemented by Queen Elizabeth I in 1601 to provide food to the poor was severely curtailed by the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834, based on Malthusian reasoning that helping the poor only encourages them to have more children and thereby exacerbate poverty. The British government had a similar Malthusian attitude during the Irish potato famine of the 1840s, Ridley notes, reasoning that famine, in the words of Assistant Secretary to the Treasury Charles Trevelyan, was an “effective mechanism for reducing surplus population.” A few decades later Francis Galton advocated marriage between the fittest individuals (“What nature does blindly, slowly, and ruthlessly man may do providently, quickly and kindly”), followed by a number of prominent socialists such as Sidney and Beatrice Webb, George Bernard Shaw, Havelock Ellis and H. G. Wells, who openly championed eugenics as a tool of social engineering.
We think of eugenics and forced sterilization as a right-wing Nazi program implemented in the 1930s Germany. Yet as Princeton University economist Thomas Leonard documents in his book Illiberal Reformers (Princeton University Press, 2016) and former New York Times editor Adam Cohen reminds us in his book Imbeciles (Penguin, 2016), eugenics fever swept America in the early 20th century, culminating in the 1927 Supreme Court case Buck v. Bell, in which the justices legalized sterilization of “undesirable” citizens. The court included prominent progressives Louis Brandeis and Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., the latter of whom famously ruled, “Three generations of imbeciles are enough.” The result: sterilization of some 70,000 Americans.
Science writer Ronald Bailey tracks neo-Malthusians in his book The End of Doom (St. Martin's Press, 2015), starting with Paul Ehrlich's 1968 best seller The Population Bomb, which proclaimed that “the battle to feed all of humanity is over.” Many doomsayers followed. Worldwatch Institute founder Lester Brown, for example, declared in 1995, “Humanity's greatest challenge may soon be just making it to the next harvest.” In a 2009 Scientific American article he affirmed his rhetorical question, “Could food shortages bring down civilization?” In a 2013 conference at the University of Vermont, Ehrlich assessed our chances of avoiding civilizational collapse at only 10 percent.
The problem with Malthusians, Bailey writes, is that they “cannot let go of the simple but clearly wrong idea that human beings are no different than a herd of deer when it comes to reproduction.” Humans are thinking animals. We find solutions—think Norman Borlaug and the green revolution. The result is the opposite of what Malthus predicted: the wealthiest nations with the greatest food security have the lowest fertility rates, whereas the most food-insecure countries have the highest fertility rates.
The solution to overpopulation is not to force people to have fewer children. China's one-child policy showed the futility of that experiment. It is to raise the poorest nations out of poverty through democratic governance, free trade, access to birth control, and the education and economic empowerment of women.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Salvation Army has dismissed claims that it has a poor record on LGBT rights.
The Christian-based homeless charity has had its record called into question several times – with an Australian Salvation Army chief suggesting in 2012 that sexually active gay people should be put to death.
In March this year, a homeless trans woman was allegedly left on the streets in Dallas, after the Salvation Army refused her housing.
Ahead of the charity's annual Christmas fundraising campaign, several posts have been circulating on social media, making people aware of the organisation's alleged poor record.
However, the organisation continues to dispute “untrue” accusations that it has problems with homophobia and transphobia – referring to claims as a “myth”.
A post carried by several US branches says: “For years, Facebook posts, forwarded emails and rumours have been leading some people to believe that The Salvation Army does not serve members of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBTQ) community.
“These accusations simply aren't true.
“Since its founding nearly 150 years ago, The Salvation Army has lived out its mission: To meet human needs in His name, without discrimination.
“People who come to the Army for assistance will be served according to their need and our capacity to help -regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or sexual orientation.
“Any instance of discrimination is in direct opposition to our core beliefs and is against all of our policies.
“The Salvation Army embraces employees of many different faiths and orientations and abides by all applicable anti-discrimination laws in its hiring.
“We need your help in debunking the myth of LGBTQ discrimination. It can persuade people not to give, which in turn diminishes our resources and our ability to serve people in crisis.”
Owners of an iPod or iPhone could soon find themselves with a pair of perfect tangle-free white headphones after the Cupertino-based company secured the patent that licenses the “cable structure for preventing tangling”.
Apple filed for the patent in November 2010, requesting the rights to an idea that would allow Apple to vary the rigidity of a headphone cable to reduce or help the bending of it in certain places.
The abstract reads:
This is directed to a cable structure for use with an electronic device. The cable structure can include one or more conductors around which a sheath is provided. To prevent the cable structure from tangling, the cable structure can include a core placed between the conductors and the sheath, where a stiffness of the core can be varied along different segments of the cable structure to facilitate or hinder bending of the cable structure in different areas. The size and distribution of the stiffer portions can be selected to prevent the cable from forming loops. The resistance of the core to bending can be varied using different approaches including, for example, by varying the materials used in the core, varying a cross-section of portions of the core, or combinations of these.
Apple's team have effectively identified a way of introducing a core in-between the outer casing and the headphone wire, adapting the stiffness of the core to prevent the cable from forming loops. Pretty interesting idea, whether Apple would be able to implement such a solution remains to be seen.
As with all patents, companies may just protect the idea, without actually putting it into production. As an iPhone owner and a regular user of Apple earbuds (audiophiles, it's my choice), I would welcome such an advancement.
Read next: TNW's Daily Dose – 24 hours of tech news in 5 minutes [Audio]
Apple vs Samsung is set to go to court in the USA on Monday. Apple is taking Samsung to court for patent infringement and copying Apple designs. Based on court filings, it has emerged one of the ways Samsung will defend itself is by using Apple's own medicine against it: Accusing Apple of copying a competitors design. Specifically, Apple is being accused by Samsung of copying Sony's designs.
In 2006 BusinessWeek interviewed Takashi Ashida and Yujin Morisawa, two Sony product designers. In the interview the designers were asked about things like Sony's design philosophy, how/if the iPod influenced Sony's design, challenges faced with the newly designed Walkman player, etc. Samsung alleges this interview was circulated internally to Apple executives and eventually made its way to Steve Jobs. Upon seeing the article and Sony's Walkman design, Apple designer Shin Nishibori was ordered to come up with a similar looking product, and he did just that. Here is the story in Samsung's own words, as per the court documents:
Right after this article [BusinessWeek's interview of Sony designers] was circulated internally, Apple industrial designer Shin Nishibori was directed to prepare a “Sony-like” design for an Apple phone and then had CAD drawings and a three-dimensional model prepared. Confirming the origin of the design, these internal Apple CAD drawings prepared at Mr. Nishibori‘s direction even had the “Sony” name prominently emblazoned on the phone design, as the below images from Apple‘s internal documents show: Soon afterward, on March 8, 2006, Apple designer Richard Howarth reported that, in contrast to another internal design that was then under consideration, Mr. Nishibori‘s “Sony-style” design enabled “a much smaller-looking product with a much nicer shape to have next to your ear and in your pocket” and had greater “size and shape/comfort benefits.” As Mr. Nishibori has confirmed in deposition testimony, this “Sony-style” design he prepared changed the course of the project that yielded the final iPhone design.
Basically what Samsung is doing is arguing Apple copied Sony hence Apple's claim that Samsung copied Apple is nullified since Apple's designs aren't original themselves. Samsung's lawyers proclaim:
“Samsung has used the very same public domain design concepts that Apple borrowed from other competitors, including Sony, to develop the iPhone.”
Only time will tell if Samsung's argument sways a jury. However, it must be admitted, if what Samsung alleges turns out to be turned, Apple's mockups are fairly damaging. That said, as InfoWorld points out, the Apple mockups did not look like any Sony phones at the time. Also, Apple's mockups appear to relate more to the iPhone 4 design than the original iPhone 2G design. These two facts may go in Apple's favor.
[via AllThingsD, InfoWorld]
Two men who cooperated with authorities investigating a Minnesota-based conspiracy to join the Islamic State group in Syria were rewarded with light sentences Monday, but a third who chose not to help prosecutors got a 10-year sentence from a federal judge who still cut him a break partly because his parents have become active in the campaign against terrorist recruiting within the state's large Somali community.
U.S. District Judge Michael Davis sentenced Abdullahi Mohamed Yusuf, 20, to the 21 months he's already served in jail. Abdirizak Warsame, 21, didn't fare as well, but his sentence of 2½ years in prison was two years less than prosecutors sought. While all three pleaded guilty, Zacharia Abdurahman, 21, got 10 years in prison because he didn't cooperate with the government and refused to testify against against the other members of what Davis called a “terrorist cell.”
Davis point-blank asked Abdurahman why he didn't.
“As a man, I made a decision not to do that to my former friends. Your honor, I'm a man of principle. … Our religion teaches you not to harm another brother,” he replied, sniffing and wiping away tears as he stood before the court in Minneapolis.
But Abdurahman also apologized to his family and community. He admitted that he was once a committed supporter of the Islamic State and its violent jihadist ideology, which he said eventually abandoned after his arrest. He agreed with Davis that he had been a terrorist.
All three must also serve 20 years on supervised release, starting with up to a year in a halfway house.
All nine defendants were convicted of providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The three due for sentencing Tuesday pleaded guilty but did not cooperate. The three due to learn their fates Wednesday went to trial, where each was also convicted of conspiracy to commit murder outside the U.S., which carries a possible life sentence, though prosecutors are seeking sentences for them of 30 or 40 years.
Davis, who has handled all of Minnesota's terror conspiracy cases, had the six defendants who pleaded guilty evaluated by a German expert on deradicalization and is taking those findings into consideration.
U.S. Attorney Andy Luger took the rare step of appearing in court to praise Yusuf and Warsame for cooperating.
[related_articles location=”right” show_article_date=”false” article_type=”curated” curated_ids=”2484928,2457679,2435647″
The sentencings cap a long case that shined a light on terrorism recruitment in Minnesota, the state with the largest concentration of Somali immigrants in the U.S. The FBI has said about a dozen people have left Minnesota to join militant groups in Syria in recent years. Before that, more than 22 men were recruited to al-Shabab in Somalia since 2007.
Prosecutors said this conspiracy began in spring 2014, when a group of friends began inspiring and recruiting each other to join the Islamic State group. Some of their friends made it to Syria, but the nine didn't.
At the day's first hearing, Davis said it didn't make sense to send Yusuf to prison, where no deradicalization programs are available.
“I hope I'm not wrong,” the judge said.
“I will not let you down, your honor,” Yusuf promised.
Earlier, Yusuf said he was “not the same naive 17-year-old” who was drawn into the conspiracy.
“ISIL's ideology is flawed,” Yusuf said. “There is nothing Islamic about their so-called state.”
But the judge said he didn't buy Warsame's claims that he's no longer a radical, suggesting he cooperated only because he could have faced 15 years in prison. Davis characterized Warsame's contention that he'd abandoned his jihadist ideology as merely “another chess move” by a skilled player.
“The problem I have with you is everything has seemed so smooth,” the judge said. “… Extremist ideology based on religion doesn't disappear overnight, and you can't convince me otherwise. And that's what you're trying to do.”
Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly said Tuesday that GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE could still pick up female votes this fall, despite language that she called “diminishing of womankind.”
“The comments about women, I don't think women love that. But I don't know that it's going to drive their vote,” Kelly said before a crowd at the American Hospital Association meeting.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I think if Trump behaves himself and acts presidentially, and isn't so much of a bully — which women tend to not appreciate, either — he can move those numbers a bit,” Kelly said.
Kelly and Trump feuded for months following her questioning of him at the first GOP presidential debate in August. He then skipped a Fox debate she co-hosted in late January before being cordial in March.
Throughout the campaign, Trump's comments about women, including the wife of presidential rival Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE, have been called one of his biggest vulnerabilities. One poll in March found 73 percent of registered female voters in the U.S. had an unfavorable view of Trump.
Kelly and Trump met recently at Trump Tower to help settle the dispute, and Kelly said Tuesday that she and the GOP front-runner are on “much better ground.”
“I look forward to covering the general election from the sidelines, where I ought to be,” she said.
The "Kelly File" anchor also took a swipe at American parenting, which she said is creating a “me generation” of kids who aren't tough enough to handle Trump.
“I think we're becoming what I call a cupcake nation. We've gone soft,” Kelly said.
“Just wait til you get slammed by a professor, by a boss, by a billionaire presidential front-runner ... and you have to get up the next morning and smile and do your job," Kelly said.
The Subaru Vivio RX-R is a car developed by Subaru which is targeted to Japanese enthusiasts who were interested in avoiding the huge amount to taxes placed on vehicles that have large emission creating engines.
Weighing in at just less than 700kg and with the lightest trim option and the top of the line 16V DOHC supercharged engine it doesn't have an extraordinary power to weight ratio but with an AWD system and 5 speed box it allows the user to have a vehicle that can handle the occasional session of spirited driving whilst coming under the Kei car restrictions in place by the Japanese government.
This version I stumbled upon was had a myriad of stickers claiming that is been an STI version, whilst the bonnet and some other features such as the seats proves that indeed it is an RX-R which was the factory supercharged, intercooled AWD. Externally I had trouble identifying if it actually had any of the STI pack installed. Take a quick look at this link to see the STI range produced for this vehicle.
It's quite hard to tell if it is actually the RA version, basically a model prepared by Subaru to be the base car for someone interested in creating a competitive version, from my knowledge the RA was only available in feather white.
The Vivio has had a decent motor sports history based around rally, it has been used throughout Japan and occasionally internationally with a some interesting marks in history such as being driven by the domination Colin McRae early in his career.
Nardi wheel TICK, Defi guages TICK, trinklets and toys TICK,
Just dont jump in this one if your going to winge about how rough or dangerous your journey may be
Advertisements
Administration officials say they are damned if they do, and damned if they don't, when it comes to releasing information. W.H. slammed for rosy Gulf view
The Obama administration isn't backing down on the declaration that only 25 percent of spilled oil remains in the Gulf of Mexico in the face of criticism from scientists, lawmakers and environmentalists.
While the Aug. 4 announcements from the White House briefing room and morning news shows drew positive headlines, they have put officials in the uncomfortable position of defending a view of the spill that some say is far rosier than the picture in the water.
Story Continued Below
Administration officials say they are damned if they do, and damned if they don't, when it comes to releasing information from one point in time in the midst of a fluid situation.
"Folks are seriously now saying we shouldn't have told people what we knew. We disagree," one official told POLITICO, noting the White House was criticized earlier this summer when it didn't update the flow rate and other information immediately.
"We're comfortable with our numbers and as we continue to learn more about what's happening below the surface and elsewhere, we will build that into our estimate," Jane Lubchenco, the chief of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, said on a hastily organized call with reporters Thursday.
"Given the heightened interest in the fate of the BP oil, we felt it was appropriate to release that information as soon as possible," she said.
Thursday, a top House Democrat said the White House shouldn't have released the Aug. 4 oil spill budget that concluded that about 75 percent of the 4.9 million barrels of oil from the Macondo well were either captured or had broken down.
"You shouldn't have released it until you knew that it was right because so much is going to depend upon that release," Rep. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) said at a hearing of his Energy and Commerce subcommittee. "It basically sent the signal in regard to how much of the problem remains."
News reports on studies from scientists at the University of Georgia, University of South Florida, Florida State University and Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution also have given a muddled view of the state of the oil spill to the public.
Some environmentalists and lawmakers were unhappy early on with the talk that only 25 percent of the spilled oil remained, fearing it would underplay the spill's ecological impact and possibly slow congressional action. The House passed an oil spill response bill at the end of July, but the Senate's plans for similar legislation is uncertain.
CORRECTION: Corrected by: Anita Ford @ 08/20/2010 06:47 AM Correction: An earlier version of this article gave an incorrect figure for the amount of spilled oil that the administration is saying remains in the Gulf of Mexico. The correct figure is 25 percent.
This article tagged under: White House
Okay, I know I might rustle some jimmies with this one, but I was quite impressed to see the amount of people asking Movie Slate to talk about the Oscars. So I took a break from the usual movie reviewing to talk about them. I wanted to give the drawing kind of a glazed in gold feel, and in some occasions the drawing ended up looking like someone smeared a piss filter all over it. Not that it would've been a bad thing, after all this is Movie being all pissed off about these awards, why not giving it a pissed on color scheme? But I decided that would've been too much, so I toned it down and desaturated it a bit. I think it looks alright now. I kind of like how angry Movie Slate looks in this picture without her being downright furious. She looks more frustrated than she looks mad, kind of like me.. Now, you might think I am of the same opinion as Movie Slate, and that I too hate the Oscars. That's a bit of a harsh word, I do not hate the Oscars, nor do I love them. I do, however, see them as a very useful tool. It's easier to measure a movie's worth in the amount of shiny statues it has won. Now, number of awards doesn't often mean quality, but it's enough to tickle your curiosity and make you want to check it out. If there is a movie that's won an Oscar and defeated other big blockbuster movies, there's a chance you'd give it a watch and find out why, right? I often talk about the movie I'm reviewing in this section but, since I'm throwing in a bunch of movies under the bus with this drawing, I thought it fitting to quickly talk about them one by one. None of these movies are badly done in a technical aspect, nor do I consider them bad movies. They are competently made, and have good production value, but they've all been so amazingly overblown by the critics and the awards circuit that I can't find enjoyment in them anymore.- I'm shocked that the highest grossing movie of all timehas left next to no impact other than. Or as a footnote at the end of movie news articles when Cameron threatens the whole world with four sequels. Still, three Oscars, two Golden Globes, two BAFTAs, a shitload of money in box office, and even though it's really entertaining I still fail to see what all the fuss was about.- This is one movie with which I drank the Kool-Aid. I had t-shirts, I watched it almost daily after I got the DVD, and I was outraged when I saw it didn't win anything big. I watched it recently, only to find out it has aged really poorly, and after Neill Blomkamp kept doing pretentious fest after pretentious fest, looking back to his first movie I suddenly understand why this guy got such a big head about his magnum opus. At least we got Sharlto Copley out of it.- Kind of shame that the one movie Kathryn Bigelow got her Oscar for was the weakest of her career. Not only is this movie completely devoid of tension, but the critics and the awards ruined it for me. They spend the entire movie making it as if Jeremy Renner is going to die, but since they nominated him everywhere for Best Actor in a Leading role, I knew he wasn't going to! Plus the characters are impossible to relate to, and the stench of pretentiousness turned me off something fierce.- This one's another case of bad aging turned wine into vinegar. I'm sure back in 1998 nobody had seen war portrayed like this, but after seeing other movies making a better job at it, looking back at this movie feels like it tries to be an anti-war film without actually reaching that goal, since it's too busy blowing soldiers into pieces and giving cameos to character actors. I also find it hilarious how any time a war movie comes out it always has theblurb written on the poster.did a much better job, but Hollywood doesn't like subtlety, they like to be bashed on the head with a two-ton sledgehammer.- Now this one is really sad, but for all the wrong reasons. All that work into portraying the society of the time, the costumes, and even building the goddamn ship from the ground up, all that effort, and for what? So we can follow the story of two self-insert OCs in one of the biggest tragedies in human history. That's like if a 9/11 movie was about two lovers in different towers of the World Trade Center. And people threw almost two billion dollars, and eleven Oscars to what amounts to a fanfic. Good grief.But, and as always, this is all my opinion. The concept of an overrated movie is entirely subjective. If you enjoy any of these movies, go for it! Enjoy them! I won't take that away from you. The same way you can totally despise other movies that I myself would find quite enjoyable. After all, they are all just fucking movies, there's no point in getting mad at each other over a movie.I hope you guys enjoy the picture!Thank you!You can check the update on Movie Slate's blog right here
Partial Source: Pwinsider.com
UPDATE x 3: According to several sources within ROH, many within the company believe Davey Richards is a “habitual, pathological liar”. One person reportedly said, “Davey Richards lied about quitting wrestling a million times. He's burned bridges in Japan because he's a liar. He lied to New Japan about being in a car wreck. He lied to [Pro Wrestling] NOAH about a neck injury.”
Someone noted on the retraction of his aforementioned comments from Total Wrestling Magazine, “it's the only time he was honest. He really thinks badly of ROH, never wanted to lose to Steen and none of the boys like him. His locker room speech was a joke because he said he doesn't lie, but that was a lie.”
ROH reportedly tried to protect Richards and not reveal the “real” reason of why he was not booked at Final Battle. However, we have confirmed that the interview where he buried ROH (see below) was the last straw. ROH management was pissed off and that's an understatement.
Also while Eddie Edwards is finishing up with Ring of Honor as well, the source notes that while the locker room is happy to see Richards leave, many ROH employees will miss not having Edwards as part of the company because he was generally well liked. It's also possible Edwards could return to ROH if WWE decides to pass on him, whereas Richards mentioned that he was “gone for good” when he talked about parting ways with the promotion. It's safe to say the company doesn't want him back either.
UPDATE x 2: Davey Richards issued his announcement of his parting of ways with Ring of Honor after he was informed that he would no longer be booked with the promotion for Final Battle on December 14. The belief among wrestlers is that Richards made his farewell on his own and not part of a planned ROH angle.
Richards was also reportedly “unbooked” (one person used the term “fired”) from the last set of ROH shows in Ohio and Michigan because the promotion was upset about comments he made in the British magazine, Total Wrestling, saying the ROH titles were not as important as they were previously portrayed. (See below)
Following this, Richards was said to have gotten himself back on the dates and made it a point to claim in front of the locker room that his comments from the magazine were incorrect and taken out of context, per several ROH talents. Richards was also reportedly unhappy with the plans for his last scheduled appearance at the Final Battle event, which could have factored into ROH removing him from the show. According to a number of sources, the tryout Richards had in WWE with NXT did not have any bearing on the situation that led to his exit. WWE was going to allow him to work the Final Battle show.
Richards' tag team partner, Eddie Edwards, is still set to appear at Final Battle on December 14 at the Hammerstein Ballroom.
As far as the comments to Total Magazine are concerned, we posted the following on November 6, 2013:
Total Wrestling Magazine recently interviewed former ROH talent Davey Richards and they've sent us some exclusive quotes from their must-read interview.
The link to the full interview and magazine: http://www.twmag.co.uk/Magazine/TW2.pdf (this is where readers can view the full 88 page mag for free).
Here are some highlights:
Do you think changing the tag titles on three separate shows helped the ROH tag team division in any way?
“Nah. Those belts don't mean anything anymore, anyway.”
What do you think of the iPPV issues that ROH has been experiencing (which we look at in depth elsewhere in this issue)?
“I don't care. It doesn?t bother me. If they can't get their crap together that's their problem. I just worry about showing up, doing my job in the ring and they can do whatever they want with that stuff. It's their deal.”
You've been ROH Champion yourself ? what are your thoughts on what it means to be at the top of the tree and the responsibility that comes with it?
“In my opinion that title has been devalued vastly for the last few years. The booking of it has been really substandard and screwy. It helps guys get bookings when they're holding it, but it's kind of a death touch because you work hard to get it and then it's like you realize how screwy things become. And now the booking is so screwy with it, it's just like a piece of metal, unfortunately. It has a rich history: I mean, look at the guys who have held it. Most of them have been very deserving in my opinion.”
The rumor doing the rounds right now is that TNA is up for sale. Do you think the upshot of a TNA sale may be more talent heading over to ROH?
“Who's even in TNA? No idea. Apart from Aries, Joe; guys like that. Oh, and TJ, but they've got him wrestling as some stupid skeleton man.”
The full interview is available in this months issue of Total Wrestling Magazine.
UPDATE: Davey Richards posted the following on Twitter today…
To clarify, it was ROH offices decision to not have me at Finall Battle. Not mine or any other company's. — Davey Richards (@RichardsWesley) December 1, 2013
ORIGINAL: According to Pwponderings.com, Davey Richards announced the following today…
“With a heavy heart I can announce that myself and ROH have parted ways for good and I will not be at Final Battle. Please continue to support them and the incredible talent they have. Thanks for the memories. It was an amazing ride.”
Richards and tag team partner Eddie Edwards were recently at the WWE Performance Center, and worked the last set of NXT V tapings. They are both expected to sign with WWE shortly.
We will be attending the ROH Final Battle event in New York City on Saturday, December 14th. We would love to meet up with you guys prior to the show. Drinks are on us as we want to personally thank you for your continued support of the website. We can't thank you guys enough. If you're interested in meeting up for drinks on us, please email me now by clicking here and we'll work out the meeting details. Thanks for your continued support and we hope to see you in New York City on December 14th!
The purpose of the Mount Zion Project is to expose, examine and preserve all levels of habitation over the course of Jerusalem's 3,000-year history. This site shows evidence of habitation from the modern period back through Ottoman, Islamic, Crusader, Byzantine, Roman and ancient Israelite levels. This project is a unique opportunity for the city of Charlotte to have an historic presence in the Old City.
The Mount Zion Project advances research and teaching in the humanities by bringing together students, scholars, and a diverse range of professionals in the study and practice of cultural transformation. Using the two thousand-year window opened by our Mount Zion archaeological excavation as a reference point, we examine the global significance of questions raised by the past, present, and future of this contested sacred city. Jerusalem is a crossroads of religions, cultures and languages, a place where ultra-modern high tech meets the ancient walled city. Shaped by multiple histories of conquest and pilgrimage, migration and exchange, cooperation and restriction, Jerusalem is both a city and an idea, overburdened by pasts that make it a crucible and powerful symbol of conflict and promise, creativity and renewal.
At the heart of the program is a summer study abroad course in Jerusalem for UNC Charlotte students. Their experiences are supplemented with coursework in Charlotte as well as extended opportunities in history, languages and cultures of the region. We also welcome a large number of community participants from all over the world.
The project is under the academic oversight of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, the only American university currently licensed to carry out such excavations in Jerusalem. Dr. Shimon Gibson, Professor of Practice in the Department of History, and a Senior Fellow at the Albright Institute of Archaeological Research in Jerusalem, and Dr. James Tabor, Professor of Ancient Judaism and Early Christianity in the Department of Religious Studies, serve as Directors of the excavation, along with Dr. Rafi Lewis who is resident co-director of the project in Jerusalem. The project is interdisciplinary and includes the participation of other departments across the university.
Why the f*ck does is it say EdwardStarcraft, I made this build, my name is HenrikStarcraft, you are just trying to steal my almighty build. Fool!
Overview [ edit ]
This early-game build is used for extremly quick charge, which can be used for solid early damage. With the Charge spells, this is a devastating build against Zerg ground armies, but beware of the mutalisk.
Goal [ edit ]
The goal of this build is to get one or two zealots and then tech straight for charge on one gateway.
Charge - This is a really good spell.
When attacking, rush for the worker line and try to do heavy economic damage.
Build Order Notes [ edit ]
As this is a early-game push strategy, the early build order is extremly crucial. This build has absolutely no transitions. Here are some pointers that will greatly increase the build's effectiveness.
More than 10 probes mining minerals.
Getting +1 attack upgrade might be a good idea for the zerglings.
If you have extra gas, it may be worthwhile to build a Sentry, then you can hallucinate more zealots with charge.
Priorities for Gas usage are as follows: Charge from the Twilight Council One Sentry
Gas will absolutely be your limiting resource in this build, because you need the Charge upgrade pretty fast.
Notes [ edit ]
This is a very "vulnerable" build, meaning you can die very easily if you time it wrong by a second or perhaps two. However, if you get the timing right I do not believe any zerg would want to be your opponent.
Scouting [ edit ]
Don't.
Execution [ edit ]
The key, as always, is to deal more damage than it costs. You should rely on your Zealots killing atleast 8 drones a piece.
The build really shines against the more common zergling build. Zerglings will die fast to zealots especially with +1 attack upgrade.
Adaptation [ edit ]
Roaches [ edit ]
Roaches should really not be a problem, zealots reach them before they can use their range and with proper excecution you should be able to outrun any roach army.
Mutalisks [ edit ]
If you see mass Mutalisks, this is not a good build. Leave the game.
Drones [ edit ]
Your opponent may switch to mass droning, in this case. Kill the larvae fast to keep your advantage.
Hydralisks [ edit ]
If you see mass Hydralisks, this is not a good build. Leave the game.
Brood lord [ edit ]
If you see mass brood lords, this is not a good build. Leave the game.
Corruptors [ edit ]
Mass corruptors could actually work well for you. A lot of people don't know this but corruptors can't attack zealots, that means you can kill their buildings and they won't be able to do a thing!
Infestor [ edit ]
If you see mass Infestors, this is not a good build. Leave the game.
Maps [ edit ]
Pro features [ edit ]
Very large maps so your opponent doesn't know what's going on.
Con features [ edit ]
Small maps, you don't want them to understand what's up.
VODs [ edit ]
To be done at a later date.
SCARSDALE, NY—Saying he had been considering the lifestyle change for a while now, local man Pete Halloran told reporters Friday that he was thinking about becoming an asshole. “I've been giving it some serious thought, and I've finally decided to take the plunge and start treating people like shit,” said Halloran, 29, adding that he had several friends who became assholes, and it seemed to be working out for them. “I'm just going to see how it feels for now, no pressure. If it doesn't work out, I could always go back to acting like a decent person. But who knows? Maybe becoming an asshole is exactly what I need.” At press time, Halloran had decided that becoming a total asshole was more challenging than he thought and had settled on just being kind of a dick for the time being.
Advertisement
0 Shares
Special Guest Host: Ronald A. Lindsay
In this special episode, Chris Mooney changes places and becomes the interviewee—and then finds himself facing some probing questions from CFI president and CEO Ronald A. Lindsay. This frank interview is all substance and no fluff as Mooney is asked to defend accommodationism and his Templeton Foundation fellowship. The tough questions elicit vigorous replies as Mooney restates his belief that some of the New Atheists are adopting the wrong tactics in criticizing religion.
In the second part of the interview, Mooney discusses his recent work on the psychology of belief in general, emphasizing how our commitments and our values shape our reasoning and our processing of information.
Ronald A. Lindsay is a bioethicist, lawyer, and President and CEO of the Center for Inquiry. For many years he practiced law in Washington, DC, and was an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and American University, where he taught jurisprudence and philosophy courses.
As well as a usual host of Point of Inquiry, Chris Mooney is a science and political journalist and commentator and the author of three books, including the New York Times bestselling The Republican War on Science and Unscientific America: How Scientific Illiteracy Threatens Our Future, co-authored by Sheril Kirshenbaum. They also write “The Intersection” blog together for Discover blogs.
Note: This episode was recorded on board the 2011 CFI Greek Islands Cruise on which Mooney was a speaker.
Paul Waldman is a senior writer with The American Prospect , a left-leaning magazine, and a blogger for The Washington Post. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) Now we know: Russia was apparently trying very hard to get Donald Trump elected, and the two parties reacted very differently to that fact.
We already knew that the Democratic National Committee had been hacked, as had the emails of John Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton's campaign. We also knew that intelligence officials and independent cybersecurity analysts believed that those hacks came from Russia.
But Friday, The Washington Post reported that the intelligence community had definitively concluded that Russia was behind these hacks, not merely to sow chaos and destabilization but to help Trump win.
The Post told of an extraordinary meeting on Capitol Hill in mid-September, when FBI Director James Comey, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson and other officials met with the leadership of both parties. They made the case for a bipartisan statement sending a warning to Russia that such actions would not be tolerated.
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell put the kibosh on it.
"McConnell raised doubts about the underlying intelligence and made clear to the administration that he would consider any effort by the White House to challenge the Russians publicly an act of partisan politics," the Post reported, citing accounts of several officials.
So the White House backed down, apparently to avoid being seen as trying to aid Clinton's campaign.
JUST WATCHED Ex-CIA analyst: Trump's response to CIA "corrosive" Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ex-CIA analyst: Trump's response to CIA "corrosive" 04:33
Now fast-forward about a month. Nine days before the election, Comey does something unprecedented: He announces that the FBI is investigating emails relating to Hillary Clinton that were found on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. This was a clear violation of FBI policy, which dictates that the bureau shouldn't make public comments about ongoing investigations, especially close to an election.
The news landed like a nuclear blast, dominating the headlines and television discussion for days and reinforcing exactly the message Trump wanted to send about Clinton. If Comey was trying to destroy Clinton's candidacy, he couldn't have come up with a better way.
JUST WATCHED Trump slams CIA over Russia Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump slams CIA over Russia 03:38
So, to review: The fact that there were some emails that might or might not have something to do with Clinton absolutely had to be trumpeted to the heavens the instant they were discovered. But the fact that one of America's foremost global adversaries was not just spying on us (which we're used to), but was actively attempting to sway the American presidential election in favor of one candidate? That, the government didn't want to talk about.
It isn't that the basic facts about what Russia appeared to be up to were unclear clear before now; I myself wrote a piece in July asking why Russia's apparent meddling wasn't the topic of screaming headlines every day. But an announcement from the executive and legislative branches uniting in what ought to have been their outrage would have led to just those headlines, and an absolutely necessary debate about what was happening and what to do about it.
But that's not what we got. Confronted with an attack by a hostile foreign power on our most critical institutions, Republicans decided that Russian hacking was OK, as long as it was against Democrats -- indeed, as Wikileaks strategically released the hacked emails over a period of weeks for maximum political impact, Republicans celebrated.
Trump tried to deflect attention from Russia. During one of his debates with Clinton, he said, "I notice, anytime anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians are -- (Clinton) doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking."
JUST WATCHED CNN host, RNC strategist clash over CIA intel Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN host, RNC strategist clash over CIA intel 02:31
This was after Trump was briefed by intelligence officials who explained to him about the hacking and the evidence Russia was behind it. Let's also remember that Trump publicly implored Russia to hack into his opponent's email in the hopes that something embarrassing might be found there.
And Democrats, including Barack Obama, didn't have the courage to stand up to them.
We think of American democracy as the most stable and secure in the world. But that stability and security comes not from the design of the system, but from the integrity and fortitude of the people within it. These new details, coming so late, are showing us that integrity and fortitude were both in short supply.
It's obvious that the Republicans who control Congress can't be counted on to conduct anything resembling a real investigation into this matter, since it may have delivered their candidate the White House (if it had something to do with Benghazi, then they might be interested).
So if nothing else, there should be a bipartisan commission like the one we chartered after 9/11, with the resources necessary to learn what happened and the independence to speak honestly about what it finds. It won't undo the damage, but at least we might see it coming next time.
List of Assyrian and Other Churches Destroyed in Syria
St. Mary's Assyrian Church in the northeastern Syrian village of Tel Nasri, destroyed by ISIS. (AINA) -- The following is a list of Assyrian churches and monasteries in Syria that have been destroyed by ISIS and other Muslim groups. Also included is a list of non-Assyrian churches that have been destroyed.
Attacks on Christians in Syria began almost immediately after the Syrian civil war began. The attacks have targeted villages, churches monasteries and the clergy, and have been perpetrated by Al-Qaeda, The Al-Nusra Front, ISIS and other Muslim groups.
Destroyed Assyrian Churches
On February 23 ISIS attacked the 35 Assyrian villages on the Khabur river in Hasaka, Syria, capturing 253 Assyrians. In the subsequent months it destroyed 11 churches and villages, rendering some villages uninhabitable.
Village Church Tel Nasri St. Mary Church Tel Jazirah St. John Church Tel Shamiram St. Bishu Church Tel Talaa St. Sleewa Church Abu Tena St. Shimun Church Qabr Shamiya St. Qoryaqos Church Tel Baloaa St. Shimon Church Kharita St. Shimun Church Tel Meghada St. Qoryaqos Church Tel Tal St. Odisho Church Tel Hormizd Raban Pityou Church
The cross of the Mar Bishu Church in the Assyrian village of Tel Shamiram, Syria, remains standing, but the church was completely leveled by ISIS (screen capture).
The St. Odisho Assyrian Church in Tel Tal, Syria, was bombed by ISIS.
St. Bishu Church in the Assyrian village of Tel Shamiran, Syria, was destroyed by ISIS.
Monasteries
St. Elian monastery in Qaryatain, Syria, which is near Homs, was destroyed by ISIS after it captured Qaryatain on August 6 (AINA 2015-08-20).
An ISIS fighter stands in the rubble of St. Elian monastery, an Assyrian monastery from the 5th century, after it has been destroyed.
Non Assyrian Churches
The St. Rita Tilel Armenian Church in Aleppo was bombed by ISIS on April 28 (AINA 2015-04-29).
The Armenian Genocide Memorial Church in Der Zor was destroyed by ISIS in September, 2014.
The Greek Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Annunciation in the northern city of Raqa was torched by ISIS
The Armenian Catholic Church of the Martyrs was torched by ISIS and its cross atop its clock tower removed.
Our Lady of Peace church was occupied by the rebels.
The Antiochian Orthodox church of Sts. Sergius and Bacchus, occupied by Al-Nusra Front
The Vermont State Police emblem is pictured in this undated handout photo received by Reuters on February 2, 2012 from the Vermont State Police. REUTERS/Vermont State Police/Handout
(Reuters) - Inmates working at a Vermont correctional unit's print shop managed to sneak a prank image of a pig into a state police crest that is emblazoned on police cars, and 30 cruisers sported the design for the last year, officials said on Thursday.
The official crest depicts a spotted cow against a background of snowy mountains, but the inmates' version featured one of the cow's spots shaped like a pig in an apparent reference to the pejorative word for police, state police spokeswoman Stephanie Dasaro said.
“It dishonors the memory of those past and present members, especially for those who have lost their lives in the line of duty,” Dasaro said.
Vermont contracts with correctional facilities employing prisoners to make some print products, including the cruiser decals. Police said someone who works at the print shop changed the emblem from the officially sanctioned design.
A police employee noticed the prank on Wednesday and reported it. Police said the 60 16-inch door decals would be removed as soon as it was practical.
The “source and timing” of the change to the design is under investigation, Dasaro said.
“While some may find humor in the decal modifications, the joke unfortunately comes at the expense of the taxpayers,” Police Major Bill Sheets said in a statement.
we are deeply concerned by the decision of the Egyptian Armed Forces to remove President Morsy and suspend the Egyptian constitution. I now call on the Egyptian military to move quickly and responsibly to return full authority back to a democratically elected civilian government as soon as possible through an inclusive and transparent process, and to avoid any arbitrary arrests of President Morsy and his supporters...
...During this uncertain period, we expect the military to ensure that the rights of all Egyptian men and women are protected, including the right to peaceful assembly, due process, and free and fair trials in civilian courts. Moreover, the goal of any political process should be a government that respects the rights of all people, majority and minority; that institutionalizes the checks and balances upon which democracy depends...
BadBlue News
Unfortunately, that headline is deadly serious . Please consider Obama's just-released statement concerning the deposed Islamist Morsi:Checks and balances? You mean like "If Congress won't act, I will"? Or declaring the Senate in recess to make unlawful recess appointments? Or ramming Obamacare down the throats of the American people in 2010 against overwhelming opposition?Considering the actions of President Lead-from-behind over the last four-plus years, I suspect Egyptians won't be losing much sleep over the Obamaltimatum. It would seem that Mr. Obama has his cross-hairs fixed on Americans, not Egyptians.
After 39 years working at Child Protective Services, Abilene Regional Director Sherrel Mathews will be replaced at the beginning of September.
She is one of four regional CPS directors who have been fired, The Associated Press reported Wednesday. A fifth in El Paso opted to retire.
The other fired regional directors work in South Texas; Central Texas; and counties ringing Houston.
Mathews heard the news Monday that she would be replaced. Her last day will be Sept. 9 when the new regional directors should be revealed, she said.
All 10 of the state's regional CPS directors had been required to reapply for their jobs, as a condition for keeping their employment, said Patrick Crimmins, state spokesman for the Department of Family and Protective Services, which oversees CPS.
He said the four new regional directors have not been hired yet, but the new 'regional leadership team is being finalized.'
The move is another signal that Henry 'Hank' Whitman, DFPS commissioner, seeks to introduce significant changes when it comes to the care of vulnerable children.
'This is a clear indication that the commissioner is serious about improving CPS as quickly as possible,' Crimmins said.
Georgina Martinez started Aug. 24 work as the new Region 10 director, which includes El Paso and far West Texas, Crimmins said. She replaced veteran CPS regional director Diana Barajas, who retired.
Officials gave Mathews no specific reason for her termination, she told the Reporter-News Wednesday, but she believes it is an attempt by the agency to show that they are serious about transforming CPS, which has extremely high staff turnover, voluminous worker case loads, and a lack of foster and other appropriate homes.
Recognizing that CPS is in 'a state of crisis,' it was determined that a look at whether the leadership in each region supports the vision for the agency needed to be made, Mathews said.
'The crisis at CPS is much bigger than changing leadership at the regional level,' she said. 'Until front-line staff are paid at a level that is commiserated with the difficulty of the work that they perform, turnover will continue, in my opinion. Until they're paid better, workers are not going to stay.'
Mathews served as Region 2 director for about 3 1/2 years.
When asked how her firing affected her personally, Mathews paused and said, her voice thick with emotion, 'My passion is and has always been protecting children in Region 2, and I believe that there is a very strong team in place in this region. I believe that commitment will continue.'
CPS has long contended with high turnover among caseworkers, low pay and plummeting morale. High-level managers, meanwhile, had continued to remain in place despite repeated instances of the state failing to protect children subject to abuse.
In Abilene, CPS came under fire in 2012 when a 22-month-old child, Tamryn Klapheke, died on Dyess Air Force Base from dehydration and malnutrition, the result of neglect. Her two sisters, 6-month-old Tatum and 3-year-old Taberlee, suffered similar neglect and were near death when found.
Three local CPS supervisors were fired and two were indicted on a charge of tampering with evidence in the case — Bit Whitaker and Gretchen Denny. CPS had closed the case on the Klapheke family days before the toddler died without making a final house visit, according to Reporter-News archives.
In an interview with DuJour, former basketball star Dennis Rodman praised North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un for his alleged success in modernizing the nation.
“He is changing North Korea so much it is really becoming a 24th Century country now,” Rodman gushed. “It's more like they took down the Flintstone Age and put in the Jetsons. Out with the old, in with the new.”
Rodman, who has made several visits to the isolated communist dictatorship, seemed comically impressed that North Korean citizens speak highly of their absolute ruler.
“It's like you'd think these people have a spell on them because all the talk about is him. I mean it's insane. I am so intrigued about how they live their lives through this guy,” he said, evidently unaware that North Korea's Harry Potter-like magic transforms citizens who don't enthusiastically worship their government into corpses.
Rodman celebrated North Koreans as hardworking people who “take pride in the simple things in life.”
“I'm not sure anyone there knows how to be lazy. They have a lot of focus,” he marveled.
Asked where he stays when he visits North Korea, Rodman replied that he enjoys rooms in a “nice hotel” that is about 200 years old. “I stay in the Jimmy Carter suite. It's all marble,” he chirped.
DuJour mentions that Rodman's latest sojourn in North Korea was sponsored by a “marijuana currency company” called PotCoin.com. One can only imagine the residents of Pyongyang cringing in terror before a baffled Dennis Rodman when he offered to get them stoned or spark them up.
On the off chance that anyone takes Rodman's whitewashing of inhuman evil seriously, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have a few thoughts about why North Korean citizens work hard, appreciate the simple things in life, and constantly sing hosannas to their rulers.
So in early May I stumbled across the subreddit /r/indiemakeup and it has changed my life in just a few weeks.
So much cheap and high quality makeup I can't handle myself!
I proceeded to order about 10 different sample hauls from many of the brands, but I am studying abroad in Germany and only two shipments came in before I left. So I brought both with me, and I swatched them using my not so good iPad camera. I have a dslr and the quality of the following pictures are so not how I want my first swatch and haul post to go. But I'm itching to start up this blog, and I've gotta make do with what I have until I get home to my new 20 packages waiting for me.
So I without further adieu:
Siren Cosmetics Eyeshadow
I chose Siren because they had cheap samples, some of which we're 50% off! I had no idea what to expect, and overall I'm really happy with what I ended up with. I'll definitely be making a full-size order next.
Celebrity Skin, Billionaire, Dirty Secret, Hollywood, Vermillion, Bullet, Burning Desire, Static
I tend to order a lot of golds and browns. It's simple and easy and I know how they work. However, now that I've found this new world of beautiful indie makeup I will be stretching my boundaries in future orders!
In this order, my two samples were Vermillion and Static. Both are matte colors, and I probably wouldn't have ordered either of them. However, they're quite pretty and I've already used them in several looks. This goes to show that I shouldn't trust my instincts!
So here are the swatches:
Celebrity Skin, Billionaire, Dirty Secret, Hollywood, Vermillion, Bullet, Burning Desire, Static
I'm on a glorified backpacking trip for the next month and a half so I didn't bring any extra makeup than bare miminums. Unfortunately this means that my swatches continue to not be as good as I'd hoped. I don't have a primer or a glitter glue with me, so they're swatched bare and foiled with water.
Celebrity Skin a pretty sort of mauve with a little sparkle. It's pretty subtle and doesn't foil well at all.
Billionaire a sheer peachy nude color that also doesn't foil. I'm excited to try this and Celebrity Skin with a nice primer when I get back because I can tell that the shades will be great once they have that assistance.
Dirty Secret is so beautiful! It's a bright orange metallic copper. Orange is my favorite color and I love how beautifully this foils! I think I'm going to manage to use this every day somehow.
Hollywood is true to its name as a glitzy gold metallic. It foils really beautifully. The metallic colors are what first drew me into indie makeup and I was not disappointed!
Vermillion was one of the samples included in my order. It's a bright reddish pink. It's a matte, which I don't have many of because I'm always drawn to sparkles. I didn't think I'd ever use something this shade on my eyes, but I found that it actually really fun to use.
Bullet a copper metallic that doesn't have the opacity of a dirty Secret or Hollywood. It's a pretty color though, and I'll have to try it over other products later since foiling isn't quite working.
Burning Desire is pure copper glitter. It doesn't stay at all without something to cling to, but it foiled really beautifully. I can't wait to try it with glitter glue! I found its really fun as an eyeliner when foiled.
Static is a matte white. This is really useful as a subtle inner eye highlight when you don't want shimmer, and wet application makes it really bold.
In all, I enjoyed my first indie eyeshadow experience! I don't have much experience yet, but Siren Cosmetics seemed to have a great quality to their shadows, and I think all of these shades are extremely wearable. I'm definitely going to purchase Dirty Secret in the full size, and maybe some of the others once I have more money.
Fyrinnae
I ordered four of their lip lustres, and also got an eyeshadow as a sample.
Queer Theory, 1952, Saloon Girl, Isis, Bawdy Librarian
So I'm a hugeeee lip color fan. I try to wear some form of color every day, and I particularly enjoy the more obnoxious ones. I'd heard mixed reviews on this product, so I wanted to try out my first indie lippie.
Bawdy Librarian, Queer Theory, 1952, Saloon Girl, Isis
Bare Lips for Reference
Forgive the state of my face. I'm working on a vineyard and I didn't feel like putting a full face on just to go work on the fields.
Queer Theory
I like this color so much! It's a hot pink that is almost red, and I think it's really flattering.
1952
In this lighting it's hard to see much difference between 1952 and Queer Theory, but this one is definitely a red color rather than a pink. It's bold and I enjoy the shade lots.
Saloon Girl
Ugh. So this is the one I was most excited about. I love darks, and I other peoples swatches it looked like a beautiful dark plumb. This looks very brown on me, and I don't see a purple much at all. Also it wasn't very opaque. It took much more product to get coverage than the first two, but I can't imagine that it's supposed to be a sheer, given its shade. I was disappointed, but my mom said she loved the color on me, so maybe it is that bad. It just wasn't the color I expected.
Isis
I want shiny gold metallic lips. And I ordered that color from a few brands to see whose I liked best. Unfortunately, this probably won't be my dream gold lip. It's more of a greenish gold, and I prefer a more orange tone. Also this color wasn't opaque and I had difficulty building it. It would probably look great on top of other colors, but it doesn't work as a standalone.
Bonus: Bawdy Librarian
I already mentioned that I use a lot of browns and this is my new go-to everyday face crease color. It's subtle but still has glitz, and can be really helpful in shading.
To summarize my feelings on the lip lustres: I really really want to like the,. There are so many amazing and unique shades available, but I'm not sure it's going to work for me. Some of the colors have great quality (Queer a Theory and 1952) but the others took a lot of products and didn't apply evenly. They aren't drying but they do feel quite dry. They don't really shine, unless the pigment has it's own lustre. Also they wore off pretty quickly, within an hour, leaving a bit of stain behind which was nice at least. I love the color variety and would probably be obsessed with them if they were smoother or glossier. You can't really rub your lips together and have them glide, if that explains it better.
So that's my first post in general, and also first haul and swatch! I'm excited to continue exploring indie makeup when I get home to my many purchases ( and lovely dslr and laptop ). I'll be posting fashion and makeup as I continue to travel through Germany before then though, so stay tuned!
Advertisements
Pestilence has a new record titled Hadeon coming out next year on Hammerheart Records.
Expect nothing from this attempted comeback. The lack of respect for the cover art shows that the music will not be anything special. The cover art resembles a video game featuring the aliens from the godawful Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. This techdeaf album with a cover that could be used by anything on Unique Leader or Willowtip appears just to be a new release for sole original member Patrick Mameli to tour on. Hopefully this Hardon will be better than crap like Carcass‘s Surgical Steel.
From Pestilence's Funbook page:
In March 2018 Dutch Death Metal legends Pestilence (official) will release their new album “Hadeon”. Futuristic cover artwork presented to the Metal community!
Following up the re-issues of the classic Roadrunner albums on deluxe 2-CD and high quality LP, Pestilence is preparing for worldwide domination in 2018.
Aside from intensive touring around the globe the main focus will be on the 8th studio-album since they started in 1986. “Hadeon” is an all out Death Metal attack, in 13 tracks, combining Pestilence's old school roots, their progressive trade-mark and a killer production, which will appeal to both old and new fans.
The fitting album artwork is created by Santiago Francisco Jaramillo from Triple Seis Design (Lock Up, Dying Fetus, Inquisition). The concept is based on a multi-layered reality, alien presence and negative frequencies.
Be prepared for “Hadeon” coming March 2018!
At the time the British government announced the Longitude Prize, shipwrecks were a grave problem – many people died, ships and cargo were lost. It was decided that a reward in the form of what would be millions in today's dollars should be given to the person who devised a method by which a ship's longitude could reliably be determined – making accurate navigation possible.
Ultimately, the prize was successful. Many lives were saved. Faced as we are now with alarming outbreaks of measles and whooping cough, we need a similar competition.
Who, 50 years ago, would ever have imagined we'd need to promise a reward to the person able to persuade wealthy, educated parents to do this small thing for their own children – of whom they seem quite fond – and for those who come into contact with those children, about whom one hopes they'd give a damn.
Story continues below advertisement
Yet here we are. There are schools in the wealthiest parts of Los Angeles where the vaccination rate is on a par with that of South Sudan – fashionable tinder boxes of measles waiting to go up. Pertussis (the far-less-fun-than-it-sounds "whooping cough") is making a dramatic comeback.
"Why don't we just explain all that?" a contestant in the competition will likely propose. "That, even if vaccines did involve a slight risk of, say, autism – and then we present the multiple studies that prove they don't – they'd still be better than returning to a time when mothers named a child Henry, and that would be their third Henry."
The Board of Seriously, People, You Went To College, Do You Just Hate Children?, established to administer the prize, would reject this solution.
"A study published in the American Academy of Pediatrics journal showed that, even when educational efforts 'successfully reduced misperceptions that vaccines cause autism,' it 'nonetheless decreased intent to vaccinate,' " the board's chair would have to say. "Yeah, decreased. And have you seen the Internet? You disprove one theory, they come up with 10 new reasons not to vaccinate. Call in the next contestant."
An infectious-disease specialist armed with meticulous research makes a sober presentation. She quotes Roberto Cattaneo, a molecular biologist at the Mayo Clinic who has spent 30 years studying measles, which he calls "the most transmissible virus we know." She leans authoritatively on the chair's desk, and speaks to him directly. "Let me make my case to parents," she pleads.
She leaves. Two hours later, she pops her head in the door and explains that, had she been infected with measles, the virus would still be alive on every surface in the room she'd touched and in the room's airspace. "Nine out of 10 of those without immunity in this room would already be infected," she says "And that ends my presentation."
"They'll just say they're protecting their kids with kale and organic hand sanitizer," a nutritionist on the board says with a sigh. "People put a lot of faith in raw food and lavender."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
An accountant, an immigration lawyer and a rabbi make an interesting joint presentation; many parents are requesting exemptions where vaccines are mandatory.
Getting these exceptions is a drag, as parent things can be, but it's not unlike registering your child for a somewhat exclusive soccer league. And so they present their creation: Together they've crafted an exemption process so arduous it would make requesting an exemption the emotional and time-consuming equivalent of filing your taxes, earning your citizenship and converting to Judaism.
"You think this will discourage them?" a member of the board asks. "It'll just give them more to blog about." And the accountant, the immigration lawyer and the rabbi leave, disappointed, before walking into a bar.
The next applicant enters with a swagger. "Even before Wakefield's autism-vaccination study was withdrawn and he was struck from the medical register, his methodology was suspect. Anyone making a choice about vaccinating their child based on the work of a disgraced gastroenterologist might just as well be counting on alchemy to bankroll that kid through university.
"However, my own research" – here he tables a stack of documents and a plastic bottle – "suggests people like things from Fiji. Couldn't we just say that vaccines come from Fiji?"
"Doctors should keep giving vaccines in their offices, but we should have another vaccine for our target group. It'll be just like the regular vaccine, but, instead of explaining to people you can't give the vaccine to children under 12 months old, we tell them there's a year-long wait list, an interview process and that they'll need letters of recommendation from prior graduates in Not Dying From a Completely Preventable Illness. Tell them the vaccine's admission board will want to see little Skyler play the theremin. Whatever you call this place, put the word 'Einstein' in the name. Maybe try 'Einstab.' "
Story continues below advertisement
"Call them artisanal vaccines," someone suggests.
Selling vaccines in Mason jars is considered.
"Make vaccines an off-menu item, like the doctor's receptionist will think you're really cool if you ask for it," a sociologist recommends, adding, "Can we get that bee guy involved? 'Burt's Preventative Medicine.'"
"Tell them measles contain gluten," the suggestion is made. "They'll line up around the block."
A number of time machines will be invented – capable of transporting people back to the days when childhood death was a way of life. The best of these machines is made from an old iron lung, but still the board – while impressed with the technology – rejects it as ineffective in the face of vaccine resisters who are employing the same part of the human brain that once caused people to say, "It's okay. I know what I'm doing. I drive better when I'm drunk."
The Chamber of Perpetual Misery, an invention capable of making its occupant instantly feel exactly what it's like to be up at 4 a.m., and pacing a second mile, with a screaming, desperately sick baby, is similarly dismissed.
Story continues below advertisement
"The phrase 'I have a right to make the choice that's right for my family' is being wielded like a magical incantation," a board member explains. "Apparently, it includes the right to bring back nightmarish illnesses once thought eradicated."
I imagine the only invention that could actually win the prize is Polio 2.0. Although that may be wishful thinking on my part.
Turns out us Londoners aren't the most observant lot, as just 23 percent of us can identify the official London Underground font. It's not like we see it every day and it's plastered across the roundels, signs and maps of 270 stations or anything. Oh, wait...
The survey by Solopress found that Londoners were twice as likely to recognise the font used by the BBC as they were Johnston Sans – the official Underground font which celebrates its 100th birthday this year. Though we guess we'll just have to put it down to the fact that the tube's signs and roundels are so iconic that we can't recognise the font out of context.
Think you're a font expert? See how you fare in Solopress's quiz.
More in tune with London's sounds? Then you might like this audio map of the city.
Chronology is the damndest thing. Everybody knows the fantastic scene in This is Spinal Tap in which the band commissions a Stonehenge set but mistakenly asks for a model of 18 inches instead of 18 feet, which tiny replica then finds its way into a real Tap concert—even though nobody has informed the band's members of the mixup beforehand.
That gag was first presented to the public on March 2, 1984, when the movie was released. A year earlier, in August 1983, Black Sabbath (one of the primary sources for Spinal Tap) released Born Again (October 1983 in the U.S.), one of their most poorly reviewed efforts. The second track on the album is a brief instrumental called “Stonehenge”—and on their 1983 Born Again tour, Black Sabbath hilariously had to shelve a Stonehenge stage concept because the scenery was much too big to use—someone had misinterpreted the requested foot measurements as meters, making all of the pieces roughly nine times too large (remember your volume calculations in high school geometry?).
It's tempting to conclude that Spinal Tap nicked the gag off of this real-life precursor. But there are problems with this theory. For one thing, Black Sabbath's North American tour didn't start until mid-October 1983, and the incident with the Stonehenge set didn't occur until around October 21, when they hit Montreal. It seems unlikely that they hadn't finished principal photography on This is Spinal Tap by then (the project had already been kicking around for a while), and nothing about the Stonehenge gag suggests a rush job—a full song was composed, a live rendition was recorded, and so forth.
But that's not all. When This is Spinal Tap was much closer to the pitch stage, Rob Reiner and his three principals, Christopher Guest, Michael McKean, and Harry Shearer (who did the bulk of the writing), put together Spinal Tap: The Final Tour, a 20-minute rough cut of the movie that they could show to financiers as an example of what the end result would look like. This footage dates from 1981 or 1982—well before Black Sabbath released Born Again—and the Stonehenge bit is there pretty much in its entirety.
So it's all a complete coincidence—one of those uncanny examples of art anticipating life.
While we're on the subject, let's see what the members of Black Sabbath had to say about the Stonehenge incident. By the time of Born Again, Ozzy Osbourne was long gone, and Ronnie James Dio had quit the band after the previous album, Mob Rules. Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler were still in the band, and they actually wanted to release the material under a different name, but label considerations forced them to stick with the name Black Sabbath. They recruited Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan to do the vocals, but he quit the band after the tour. Original drummer Bill Ward, now newly sober, had sat out Mob Rules but returned for Born Again; it was the last Sabbath studio album Ward would play on.
According to a 1995 interview with Geezer Butler, this was what happened with the Stonehenge stage set:
Jeb Wright: There is also a part of the movie Spinal Tap that concerns Geezer Butler – or so I have been told. The idea of Stonehenge being too small actually came from Black Sabbath's idea to make a Stonehenge stage set for the Born Again tour that was too large. My source gave you the credit for the whole mistake. Geezer Butler: It had nothing to do with me. In fact, I was the one who thought it was really corny. We had Sharon Osbourne's dad, Don Arden, managing us. He came up with the idea of having the stage set be Stonehenge. He wrote the dimensions down and gave it to our tour manager. He wrote it down in meters but he meant to write it down in feet. The people who made it saw fifteen meters instead of fifteen feet. It was 45 feet high and it wouldn't fit on any stage anywhere so we just had to leave it the storage area. It cost a fortune to make but there was not a building on earth that you could fit it into. JW: Where is Stonehenge now? GB: I last saw it on the docks in New York on the same tour. JW: So somewhere these things are around. GB: They were probably thrown into the Atlantic Ocean. JW: One day a futuristic society will find them. GB: They will think it is Atlantis.
So wait—Sharon Osbourne's dad was probably responsible for the mixup, which must mean that the part of Jeanine Pettibone in This is Spinal Tap is basically Sharon Osbourne, right? I don't think I had put that together before.
In an interview in Mojo magazine in December 1994, Gillan largely confirms the story but says that the whole Stonehenge idea was Butler's, which Butler obviously denies (see above):
We were up at a company called LSD (Light and Sound Design) in Birmingham, and the lighting engineer asked if anyone had any ideas for a stage set. Geezer Butler suggested Stonehenge. “How do you envisage it, Geezer?” asked the engineer. “Life size, of course,” replied Geezer. So they built a life-size Stonehenge. We hired the Birmingham NEC [National Exhibition Centre] to rehearse in and they couldn't get these bloody things in there. We opened in Montreal and Don Arden had hired Maple Leaf ice hockey stadium for a week, so they shipped the set over there and could still only get a few of those damn stones up, one each side of the stage, one behind the drums and two cross-pieces.
According to Gillan, there were further misadventures involving dry ice and (as in the movie) a dwarf:
Then we hear this horrendous screaming sound—they've recorded a baby's scream and flanged it—and suddenly; we see this dwarf crawling across the top of Stonehenge, then he stands up as the baby's scream fades away and falls backwards off this 30 foot fibreglass replica of Stonehenge onto a big pile of mattresses. Then dong, dong—bells start toiling and all the roadies come across the front of the stage in monk's cowls, at which point War Pigs starts up. By now we can see the kids are either in stitches or wincing in horror. After spending 40 grand a day to achieve all this, someone had economised by not actually trying out the dry ice in the afternoon run through. So as I stride confidently towards my prompt book, not even knowing the first word of the song, I'm suddenly shocked to see a chest-high cloud of dry ice is berating me to the front of the stage. So there I am after this big opening, kneeling down, swatting the air and trying to read me line, popping my head above this cloud every now and then. Someone shouted “It's Ronnie Dio!”
Butler thinks the original Stonehenge plinths are in the Atlantic Ocean, but I found a reference online to the effect that “the design company LSD (Light and Sound Design) ... still have the model in their possession. At one point, it was going to be donated as an auction prize for a children's charity, but since it was touring around rock museums all over the world as part of an exhibition, this never happened.”
Is this true? Did anyone reading this ever see a tour at a “rock museum” that included the original Black Sabbath model of Stonehenge?
“Spinal Tap: The Final Tour,” part 1:
“Spinal Tap: The Final Tour,” part 2—the Stonehenge is about halfway through this video:
And of course, the Stonehenge bit in This is Spinal Tap, “back in time to that mystic land where the dew drops cry and the cats meow”:
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
‘The Black Sabbath Show': A lost cartoon from 1974?
‘Rock ‘n' Roll Nightmare': The origin of Spinal Tap
If you're like me, you check the news each morning with the worry that Donald Trump might have tweeted his way to the third world war. So in some ways, the fact that “all” he did this morning was to retweet the world-view of a far-right extremist from the organisation Britain First is something of a relief. At least we're not waking to gifs of mushroom clouds over Korea. But that is to take false comfort. That shouldn't be where we set the bar for the president of our closest ally.
It is fair to say that all of us who spend too much time on social media have probably retweeted people we might not be aware of, or who have dubious views on other issues. If this were a one-off, I might give President Trump the benefit of the doubt. But it's not. Trump, from the beginning, throughout his campaign and since the election, has used hatred and bigotry to mobilise support.
No 10 condemns Trump's retweets of UK far-right leader's anti-Muslim videos Read more
He's done so from calling Mexicans rapists to pledging a ban on all Muslims entering the country, to failing to disavow the neo-Nazis in Charlottesville. On Twitter he's retweeted far-right activists following Charlottesville, shared antisemitic memes against Hillary Clinton and shared content from @WhiteGenocideTM – an account featuring dozens of racist memes.
In short, what his track record shows is that this isn't a mistake, it's a strategy. The impact of this strategy is to legitimise those driven by hatred. It makes them think that their views are mainstream, when in fact they are not – and makes those already driven by hatred more likely to act on it.
When the president of the United States promotes the deputy leader of a far-right organisation, it makes it easier for others to follow her example – and perhaps go further.
We know from the evidence that the environment matters for how and whether extremists act on their hatred. In more permissive environments they are more likely to take their hatred further, and where hatred is seen as socially unacceptable, they are less likely to act.
That's why we rightly take on extreme Islamist propagandists advocating violence. It's why we worry about hate preachers, even when they stop just this side of actually advocating violence. But those hate preachers aren't only Islamists, they exist on the far right too.
In short, what his track record shows is that this isn't a mistake, it's a strategy
Britain First is one such group of hate preachers, in this case dedicated to driving hatred chiefly against the Muslim community of our country. It was Jayda Fransen, its deputy leader, whose tweets of inflammatory videos were conveyed by the president to his 43.6m Twitter followers. Fransen, as we know, as a figure more responsible than Trump would have found out, is facing charges of religiously aggravated harassment. We know how divisive that group has been, preying on vulnerable communities. We also know where that kind of poison can lead.
So what now? How do we respond to the most powerful man in the world becoming a purveyor of hate? Perhaps, in the UK, Trump brings opportunities that we should seize on. A recent world study by Pew found people united in disavowal of the president – for instance 75% of the British public had no confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs, 89% saw him as arrogant and 69% saw him as dangerous. Even less than half of Ukip voters trusted him to do the right thing in global affairs.
Britain First: anti-Islam group that bills itself as a patriotic movement Read more
This strength of public sentiment is one of the reasons why the state visit is so strongly opposed, though sadly the government seems determined to push ahead with the invitation. The visit should not happen. If it do I am confident that the reaction he would receive would be in support of the true British values of tolerance and inclusiveness, values the president appears not to understand.
We should use the fact that Trump has become the poster-child for bigotry to our advantage. He may try to mobilise for the haters. But in fact he's the best recruiting sergeant for those of us who wish to build a consensus around British values of tolerance and decency.
• Brendan Cox is the widower of former Labour MP Jo Cox and founder of More In Common
According to Josh Rogin's piece, Steve Bannon confronted John Kelly at the Department of Homeland Security on the evening of Jan. 28 telling him not to administer the waiver. | Getty White House denies report Bannon met with Kelly to stop green-card waiver
The White House says chief strategist Steve Bannon did not travel to meet Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on the night The Washington Post reported that Bannon personally attempted to stop Kelly from issuing a waiver for green-card holders, following the implementation of President Donald Trump's immigration order.
The Post on Saturday published a widely read reported-opinion piece by columnist Josh Rogin chronicling divisions among White House aides and departments following Trump's Jan. 27 signing of an immigration order that bans Syrian refugees from coming to the U.S. and stops visas from being issued to seven Muslim-majority countries, sparking widespread chaos at U.S. airports.
Story Continued Below
Kelly issued a waiver on Jan. 29 that allowed permanent residents, or green-card holders, to be allowed back into the country.
According to Rogin's piece, Bannon confronted Kelly at the Department of Homeland Security on the evening of Jan. 28 telling him not to administer the waiver. Kelly refused, according to two administration sources cited by the Post.
The Post attached a note, signed by editorial page editor Fred Hiatt, to the top of the piece saying that although the paper sought comment from the DHS, it had not sought comment from the White House before the piece's publication. The note also contained a denial by White House press secretary Sean Spicer that Bannon had traveled to meet Kelly on the night in question.
The piece was later updated, dropping all references to the meeting at DHS.
Hiatt told The Huffington Post that The Washington Post “still stand[s] by that they had a disagreement over whether green card holders should be included,” and that the Post responded to Spicer's statements by trying to “correct where it needed correcting and hold ourselves accountable.”
The travel ban is on hold following a Friday ruling by federal judge James Robart, who halted the immigration order.
A user on dubstepforum.com has described the events which explain how Zomby, British future garage and dubstep producer, stole large parts of an original loop written by Reark back in 2007. Here is how Reark states it happened:
1. I wrote this loop back in October 2007, entirely by myself, posting it on myspace.
2. Zomby, with whom I was communicating, hears the loop and offers to collaborate to finish it. I agree and send him the original Reason song file + Rex file of the vocals.
3. Zomby posts the loop on his myspace without crediting me, I complain, he takes it down.
4. In the next months Zomby suggests where the track might get released. I continue to remind him that it's a collaboration.
5. Without my knowledge, a slightly revised version is aired by Mary Anne Hobbs on Radio 1, you can hear Zomby's revised drum variation from 1:06 — 1:36. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDLXRtbeLg0 This is the only significant change he's made to the track. The rest is looping, and some slight editing of the vocal cuts.
6. The track gets released on 4AD in May 2011, I notice in August 2011. I complain first to Zomby with no effect, then to 4AD, to whom I send this loop plus an e-mail sent from me to Zomby with the original Reason song file from October 2007. 4AD accept my evidence and change credits to include my name.
Zomby has been known for a less than polite attitude online, with death threats against DSF.com members which later led to his ban on that website, along with being known to miss gigs with absolutely no warning or apparent reason. Despite all this, I'd argue this takes the biscuit – rude online presence is something I can live with and gig-skipping is a fault I can tolerate, but downright thievery and lack of due acknowledgement is not something I'll allow from a professional.
Whilst this does seem indelibly incriminating, we have to wait for Zomby's side of the story to emerge before jumping – or stepping – to conclusions.
A GIANT model of Robot Taekwon V, a 1970s South Korean superhero, glares at the salarymen passing Figure Museum W, a cross between a museum and a theme park that opened a year ago in a plush business district of Seoul, South Korea's capital. It boasts a kaleidoscopic display of 800-odd artefacts mainly from the universe of Japanese manga (comic books) and anime (animation), and American cartoons. Most of its visitors are adult men.
The museum's enthusiastic young guide says it is “heaven for deukhu like me”. The term comes from the Japanese otaku, and denotes those who pursue obsessive interests—think a “nerd” or an “anorak” with few social skills and a fetish for some aspect of popular culture. In South Korea, deukhu has long been a slur. Many associate it with a dangerously unpatriotic indulgence in Japanese cultural exports, many of them banned in South Korea from the end of Japan's imperial rule in 1945 until as recently as the 1990s. More broadly deukhu were assumed to lead idle, unproductive lives, shut away in dingy flats playing video games or scouring the web for their next frivolous curio.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Now attitudes are shifting. The social-media networks of cool 20-somethings are abuzz with the hashtag deukmingout: coming out as a fanatic. A South Korean daily declared the Figure Museum W to be “a Mecca” for geeks going public. A 28-year-old deukhu, a fan of a South Korean pop star, Kim Jun-su, has started a blog about her coming-out. In it she argues that deukhu pursuits can be highly productive: the example of her idol has inspired her to get fit and to take up the piano and guitar. “I work even harder in my day job to prove a deukhu can be successful,” she says.
Kim Yong-sub, who has written a book on South Korean trends in 2016, says that as more prominent deukhu have created content from their pastimes—by writing online comics, for example, known in South Korea as webtoons—they have aspired to “a new social standing and role”. Ji Jin-hee, a dashing 44-year-old actor, revealed that he bought piles of secondhand Lego to build models and sell them for a small fortune (he appeared on the cover of Elle Korea surrounded by his creations). Other Korean celebrities have been admitting to their own eccentricities: fans now affectionately refer to Shim Hyung-tak as “Shimdakhu” after the actor disclosed a passion for Doraemon, a Japanese robot-cat cartoon character beloved of East Asian children. A member of a hip-hop group, Block B, revealed that he kept 700 tropical fish.
Stars are helping to push the idea that geekishness is cool. But beyond that, Mr Kim says, is the growing cachet of not following mainstream taste: a turnaround for South Koreans under powerful social pressure to conform. As more people pursue their individual preferences, they become more accepting of others' too, for example, of the rise of the samchonpaen (“uncle fans”), middle-aged men who are unabashed groupies of teenage pop bands. Since November “Super-skilled People”, a television show, has invited deukhu, from bread enthusiasts to weapons buffs, to show off remarkable abilities or specialisms. The studio's audience members all wear smiling paper bags over their heads—representing those who have yet to do their deukmingout.
Source
For 10,000 years, Imperials cursed the name of Abaddon the Despoiler, a warrior of Chaos so reviled that Imperials despise him nearly as much as Horus himself. Of the 13 Black Crusades, nearly all dealt a major blow against the Imperium of Man (even if he hasn't yet laid siege to Terra in his role as Warmaster) and even the demon princes off the warp understand that Abaddon the Despoiler is favored by the dark gods.
But he hasn't yet become a demon prince, a blessing (damnation?) given to champions of chaos who have accomplished much less than he has. In fact during the Iron Warriors' siege of Hydra Cordatus, described in Storm of Iron by Graham McNeill, it was Abaddon who promised the reward of ascension to The Warsmith if he succeeded in capturing the world's supply of gene seeds.
There are two favored fan theories as to why Abaddon has never ascended to demonhood. One faction of fans believes he never actually earned it the way others have, either because he refuses to worship the gods or because he never completed his conquest of the Imperium (the Failaddon Theory) The other faction believes he doesn't want it.
Unworthy-ddon
In Black Legion by Aaron Dembski-Bowden, Iskandar Khaylon (lord vigilator of the Black Legion) grieves the history of Abbadon's failures. Though the Chaos Gods placed Abbadon at the head of their unholy hosts, seeing the potential of greatness in Horus' heir, they never blessed The Despoiler with victory because he never bent his knee to The Pantheon.
But Khaylon gives reason to doubt his own idea in the opening few sentences of the novel when he describes his brothers' differing ideas on the nature and motivations of the gods. His belief that the gods hate them, and Abbadon in particular, are just more theories.
But Khaylon was closer to Abbadon and knew him well enough to describe his nature. Abbadon fights not for the gods and cares nothing for their great game; he fights for himself.
Soul Hunter, also by Aaron Dembski-Bowden, gives a counter-argument to the Failaddon theory while also confirming that Abbadon does not bow to the gods. When Talos, the Soul Hunter of The Night Lords, accuses Abbadon of failing, Abbadon replies “Are you a member of my inner circle, that you know what my military objectives were?”
Despite what the warriors of chaos might have expected, they simply could not destroy an empire with the size and power of The Imperium in one massive crusade. At least not after the loss of Horus and the descent of the legions to infighting.
But during the 1st Black Crusade, Abbadon recovered the demon sword Drach'nyen and showed all the legions that he was truly the heir of Horus. During the 2nd Black Crusade, more like a Black Skirmish or a Black Sneak attack, Abbadon destroyed a shipyard and dozens of imperial cruisers and retreated before the Imperial counter attack. During the 3rd Black Crusade, Abbadon sent a demon prince on a frontal attack against the Cadian Gate, distracting Imperial defenses while Abbadon himself invaded Gerstahl and destroyed the remains of an Imperial saint.
Even during campaigns that clearly did not go the way Abbadon planned, such as the 11th Black Crusade in which he was tricked into fighting an Ork Waagh!, Abbadon still came away with consolation prizes, such as hulls full of ork slaves, corpses and fodder for experimentation.
But even so, there's only so many gods can be expected to do for someone who refuses to worship them. In Black Legion, Abbadon even describes the chaos gods as his “allies,” not his lords.
No Means No-addon
Another theory fans have put forth states that Abbadon could have become a demon prince already, if he'd wanted to. There are several reasons why he might not want to, all related to the limitations of a demonic form.
For one thing, demons have difficulty existing outside of The Warp or The Eye of Terror. Being creatures of thought with no body, they must conjure bodies of pure psychic energy when they materialize in real space, or possess a host. Without some method of maintaining this energy, they cannot survive in real space for long.
A demonic body would also make Abaddon vulnerable to demonic weaknesses. In some novels, mortals can command demons to return to the warp merely by knowing their name, and there are few within the chaotic legions or the defenders of the Imperium who wouldn't guess the name of Abaddon if they had to face a terrifying demon prince.
Abaddon the Despoiler has one goal and one goal only: to rip the head off The Corpse Emperor and crush it under his boot like a rotten pumpkin. With that ultimate goal in mind, even the reward of eternal life and power as the greatest demon prince of chaos undivided is no more than a distraction.
For more heresy, follow The Southern Nerd on Facebook or Pinterest
Турция может задушить сирийскую операцию РФ без единого выстрела Printable View Tuesday, December 01, 2015 - More articles in Новости и материалы
В связи с известными событиями в Сирии и около эксперты и политологи радостно оживились и набросились на турецкие проливы, вычисляя, каким образом Турция сможет их перекрыть. Остается только разводить руками от их анализов и прогнозов. Турции не надо нарушать никакие конвенции Монтре и ООН для того, чтобы перекрыть эту важнейшую для РФ артерию.
Есть несколько вариантов развития событий.
Предположим, Турция ограничится перекрытием канала снабжения российской операции в Сирии. Если говорить о сравнительно мирном перекрытии, то оно не будет полным, но скорее всего, станет критическим. Большинство судов, снабжающих защитников сакральности в Сирии, являются чисто торговыми, под удобными флагами или флагом РФ. Часть судов переведены, или переводятся, в состав вспомогательного флота ВМФ РФ. Эти последние переходят в другой статус, и остановить их, или помешать их проходу, это то же самое, что остановить военный корабль, это практически объявление войны.
Но большинство, повторяю, пока еще находится в статусе обычных гражданских судов, причем часть под т.н. «удобными» флагами, а это означает отсутствие государства, которое за них бы вступилось. Даже если флаг РФ, это все равно не помешает Турции остановить такое обычное грузовое судно под тем или иным предлогом. Это происходит направо и налево по всему миру, чаще всего в связи с подозрением на перевозку контрабанды. Но можно и остановить под другим предлогом, совершенно между прочим, оправданным, когда речь идет о турецких проливах вообще, и особо, Босфоре. Это касается безопасности мореплавания в проливах, об этом давно идет речь, и не только в Турции. Проливы перегружены, время от времени там происходят очень серьезные морские аварии, угрожающие безопасности граждан Турции и ее экологии, а также Стамбулу. Постоянно выдвигаются и рассматриваются проекты разгрузки проливов, особенно от танкеров, как особо опасных.
А тут имеем следующее – по проливам беспрерывной чередой идут грузовые суда под «левыми» флагами сомнительных компаний, обеспечивающие военную операцию РФ в Сирии. Эта «линия» уже стала известной, как «Сирийский Экспресс». Понятно, что на борту судов находятся отнюдь не рождественские игрушки, а в большинстве своем, опасные военные грузы. Спрашивается, будет ли Турция в своем праве, если она остановит такое судно для проверки его груза, найдет там боезапасы и предъявит претензию, что боезапасы перевозятся с нарушениями техники безопасности? Отвечается – будет. И конвенция Монтре тут побоку. Если у турецких властей не хватит опыта придирок, то этого опыта с лихвой у контролирующих органов России вроде Роспотребнадзора, есть, где позаимствовать.
Некоторые эксперты говорят, что РФ переведет все суда, участвующие в Сирийском Экспрессе, под «удобные» флаги, и тем самым, сделает их «невидимыми». Редкостная чушь. В том и дело, что вычислить такие суда совершенно нетрудно, и скорее всего, они в Турции все уже под контролем и учетом. Я, сидя в Таиланде, провел свое небольшое исследование Сирийского Экспресса, не напрягаясь, в качестве развлечения в свободное от работы время. С ходу вычислил не менее дюжины. Исследование можно найти здесь
http://www.odin.tc/mbnew/read.asp?articleID=837 – на русском, и здесь http://www.news.odin.tc/index.php?page=view/article/2495/Syrian-Express-Study на английском.
Вычислять их достаточно легко именно для Турции, ибо половина или более этих судов брались в чартер, или уже выкуплены, у турецких компаний. Старые такие, дешевые лоханки. Вообще забавная эта штука, Сирийский Экспресс. Со свойственной нам мудростью и предусмотрительностью, мы покупали суда для обеспечения наших военных действий у нашего как выяснилось, чуть ли не главного врага. То есть сначала купили, а потом сделали из того, от кого зависит дальнейшая работа этих судов, врага. Мудро. Дальновидно. Многоходово. Как любят писать патриотические блоггеры, «я аплодирую ВВП». Я не просто аплодирую, я кричу «бис» и искренне наслаждаюсь цирком. Сделать врага из того, кто может задушить твою военную операцию без единого выстрела и без всякого объявления войны, это не каждому дано.
Речь идет, повторяю, об очень ограниченном числе судов, вряд ли более 20-ти. Устроить им веселую жизнь очень просто. Это не перекроет полностью всю логистику, но – большую ее часть, что прихлопнет сирийскую авантюру вернее, чем ракеты, бомбы, подводные лодки и авианосцы «наших партнеров».
В случае перехода конфликта в «горячую» фазу Турция может перекрыть проливы для судоходства, завязанного на проливы. То есть полностью перекрыть одну из двух главнейших внешнеторговых артерий России. Да, цена на нефть, наконец-то, резко возрастет, тем самым вроде бы главная цель сирийской сакральной операции будет достигнута. Но какой ценой? При перекрытии черноморской артерии экономику РФ не спасут и 300 долларов за баррель. Впрочем, полное закрытие проливов для российских грузов тоже имеет свои варианты, это тема отдельного разговора.
Ну и в качестве концовки – Турция похоже, мягко попыталась пояснить России, кто в доме хозяин. Я имею в виду сообщения о длительных простоях некоторых российских судов в ожидании получения разрешения на проход Босфором. Обратите внимание – конвенция Монтре никак не нарушена. Есть Центр контроля движения судов в Босфоре. Без его разрешения ни одно судно не зайдет в пролив. Чем он руководствуется, это его дело. Вообще-то он руководствуется безопасностью судоходства, но может, у него что другое на уме, но поди докажи. Он не давал добро российским судам в течении некоторого времени. Потом дал. Намек понятен? Черт его знает, поймут ли намек в Кремле, у него с понятливостью явно проблемы. Запустят на ТВ очередного кого-нибудь, с предложением уничтожить Турцию точечным ядерным ударом, и я не думаю, что Турция воспримет это, как жест доброй воли.
Если РФ считает, что отношение к российским судам предвзятое, пусть соберет факты и идет с этими фактами в суд или ООН. Факты придется собирать долго. За это время сирийская кампания РФ, без надлежащей логистики, просто прикроется, как стройка без снабжения.
В общем, Россия делает все возможное и сверх того, чтобы задушить свою собственную военную операцию. Может, многоходовочка какая?
Войтенко Михаил
1 декабря 2015 г.
Tweet
Самое популярное Пираты взяли 3 заложников с рефа SARONIC BREEZE с российско-украинским экипажем Today's Hits 14 Ро-ро URAL с российским оружием задержано в Тунисе, РФ молчит Today's Hits 12 Гибель сухогруза ANDA и прочее по мелочи Today's Hits 7 История успеха – как заштатный городок стал известным в мире Today's Hits 5 Начало | Контакты | Подписка | RSS
Copyright © 2011 Maritime Bulletin. All rights reserved.
I don't believe Microsoft will ever release a Surface Phone. I do believe Microsoft will launch a category-defining ultimate mobile device that will play to the company's strengths rather than its proven weakness. Smartphones are Microsoft's Achilles Heel. Thus, Microsoft's ultimate mobile device will not be a phone. Many critics claim that due to Microsoft's poor mobile ecosystem a Surface-branded ultimate mobile device, even with all the bells and whistles, is doomed to failure. I made a similar argument not long ago. I appealed to Microsoft to exhibit a show of force in various ecosystem-building areas at BUILD 2017. Microsoft needs to make great, even unorthodox, efforts to woo developers to its ecosystem and ensure the platform's relevance in the future of increasingly mobile personal computing. There are specific areas — UWP, apps, mindshare, partnerships and more — which Microsoft must address if the "Surface phone" is to succeed. Though Microsoft must develop its ecosystem to ensure long-term success, I believe the company has a measured way back into the mobile space, without going head-to-head with Apple and Google. It's all in how Microsoft markets the ultramobile Surface PC: it's not a phone. Recognizing strengths and weaknesses Microsoft's way back into mobile won't be with a dramatic splash. It will have to be a slow, subtle and methodic progression — first dipping the toe, then slowly wading into ever-deeper water.
Microsoft will have to focus on its strengths, forsaking the traditional approach to mobile. That old model failed Microsoft, leading to retrenchment, refocusing on enterprise, and a less-than-one-percent market share with only a handful of OEM partners. Smartphones are not Microsoft's forte. Its strength is in PCs, as its decades-long dominance proves. The success of the Surface brand is proof of Microsoft's talent for innovation.
Despite its silence concerning mobile (and past failures) Redmond must bring something that plays toward its strengths to the mobile space. The smartphone is currently the key to a company's broader ecosystem. Thus, a personal mobile device, not necessarily a smartphone, is a necessary component of Microsoft's UWP and Windows 10 Device family. Microsoft's pocketable mobile option will be a PC, not a phone. There's demand for Windows laptops and 2-in-1 PCs
Microsoft's strength in PCs isn't founded only on its decades-long legacy as the provider of the dominant PC platform. Recent data that takes into account the company's category-defining strategy with the Surface progresses that legacy into the current era of personal computing and mobility. Research firm IDC reported on the success of Windows laptops and 2-in-1s, finding that such devices are desired by consumers, and even predicting growth in the market over traditional tablets. Furthermore, JD Powers 2017 US Tablet Satisfaction Study found that customers are more satisfied with the productivity-focused Microsoft Surface than the consumption-focused iPad and Android tablets. Riding the momentum
Microsoft's ultramobile Surface should, therefore, be marketed as a PC. Consumers want PCs, after all. How might Microsoft market to the masses? Like the Surface Pro, it will likely have a heavy enterprise focus but with consumer appeal. It'll also be positioned to inspire manufacturing partners to mimic the concept and design. The only visuals we have of what this potential device might look like are from patents and Microsoft Future Vision videos.
Did Microsoft give us a glimpse of its Surface phone vision? This doesn't guarantee anything, but history has set a precedence. Skype Real-time Translation (and other technologies) were foreshadowed in Microsoft's future vision videos. Surface Studio patents were also reflective of what came to market, so too may these folding device patents eventually make it to reality (though, admittedly, they're probably a long way off). Evolving a concept Microsoft can advance the HP Lap Dock concept to be a more integrated experience to market the ultramobile Surface.
Redmond can promote what will initially appear to be a powerful, smaller and more portable Surface Book. In reality this "laptop" would be a peripheral which houses a fold-able Window 10 ultramobile cellular PC in the base which powers the peripheral (and wirelessly projects to the detached "digital clipboard") via Continuum. As a Windows 10 PC users can use Win32 (and Store) apps which are practical in a "laptop" environment. Users could also experience all other Windows 10 features from inking, Windows Mixed-Reality and game streaming.
When the ultramobile PC is ejected from the peripherals base users can unfold it into a larger touch-friendly mini-tablet, run Store apps, connect to other PCs and screens via Continuum and purchase cellular data from the Store. Finally, via eSIM the ultramobile Surface will be a "phone." Microsoft's Trojan phone The rumors of a Surface phone began about five years ago. But before the UWP and Continuum for phone, visualizing what value such a device would have brought to market is difficult. The consistent nature of Windows 10 across devices, CSHELL and the UWP has opened the door to a single device functioning as multiple devices by allowing hardware, OS, and apps to conform seamlessly to a user's context. There's merit to Microsoft positioning an ultramobile Surface from a pure PC perspective. Consumers want Windows laptops and 2-in-1s after all, not phones. The proliferation of a new PC category into the market that is subtly also a phone allows Microsoft to wade slowly into the mobile space without a "rival-confronting" splash into the smartphone space.
While this strategy is being executed, Microsoft should aggressively and diligently build its ecosystem. Since the primary focus of this device is not on the needed Store apps of which there is a shortage, this strategy allows for category-defining phone hardware to get into the hands of consumers and businesses without the full impact of the detrimental app-gap effects associated with a purely phone-focused device. A first step As with any new device category, this will be a first-generation product that will use available tech. Just as we saw happen with smartphones, as the ultramobile PC category becomes established and expands, the devices will be become more powerful and may for many be able to be that one device that is every device for them — from phone to laptop to desktop to tablet. Interestingly, Windows Insider Lead, Dona Sarkar, recently referenced how her Surface Book functions as a phone.
The hearts of babies born early often develop abnormally. Dr Adam Lewandowski and colleagues at the Oxford Cardiovascular Clinical Research Facility, directed by Professor Paul Leeson, have previously shown that, in adult life, the hearts of people who were born very preterm have smaller chambers, thicker walls and reduced function.
The changes in the heart are thought to emerge in the first few months after birth and therefore the team wanted to explore whether the way the baby was fed during this time might be able to alter how the heart develops. Dr Lewandowski, who led the research, explained: 'We already had data on more than 900 individuals who were followed since birth as part of an earlier study, which started in 1982, on the effects of different feeding regimes in preterm infants. We invited individuals who had been followed up throughout life to come to Oxford for a detailed cardiovascular study and used this information to investigate how different feeding regimes could affect the development of the heart in the long term.'
From the original group, now in their early- to mid-twenties, 102 people were able to visit Oxford and take part in the study. A further 102 people of similar age who had not been born prematurely were also recruited.
The study published in Pediatrics showed that while those who had been born early had reduced heart volumes and function compared to those born at term, the reduction was considerably less in people who had been exclusively fed on breastmilk compared to those fed only on formula milk. Furthermore, in those fed a combination of breastmilk and formula, the more breastmilk consumed in the diet as babies the better their heart structure and function as adults.
After analysing the results to take into account other factors that might have affected heart volume and function, breastfeeding and the amount of breastmilk in the diet was still clearly associated with better heart volume and function when compared to formula feeding.
Dr Lewandowski said: 'Even the best baby formula lacks some of the growth factors, enzymes and antibodies that breastmilk provides to developing babies. These results show that even in people whose premature birth has inevitably affected their development, breastfeeding may be able to improve heart development.'
Too ugly for TV? No, I'm too brainy for men who fear clever women
As a classicist, I know a lot about revenge: the Ancient Greeks and Romans were horribly good at it. But not the crude, getting-your-own-back sort; they always ensured their retribution was absolutely appropriate to the crime.
So, ever since the acid-tongued TV critic AA Gill sent some of his nasty jibes in my direction in his newspaper column on Sunday (and it wasn't the first time I'd been at the sharp end of his, frankly, misogynist pen) people have been asking me, what is my vengeance going to be? What would be the most apposite way to get even?
First of all, I'll tell you what he wrote — or, perhaps more to the point, what he didn't write.
Revenge on the menu: Mary Beard (left) has plans for AA Gill, the critic who savaged her looks
He is supposed to be a television reviewer, but he said hardly anything at all about Meet The Romans, the documentary about the Roman world that I've written and presented on BBC2. What he was interested in was my appearance.
To be honest, at first reading, his remarks were pretty hurtful. He suggested that I should be kept away from the cameras altogether and, in a topical reference, went on to imply that I belonged on The Undateables, a recent Channel 4 programme charting the dating difficulties of the disabled and facially disfigured.
It's easy to explode when you first read something like that, especially if you are its victim.
It seems a straight case of pandering to the blokeish culture that loves to decry clever women, especially ones who don't succumb to the masochism of Botox and have no interest in dyeing their hair. It's a case of mistaking prejudice for being witty and provocative. And it's very easy to find yourself thinking: ‘What an odious little twit!'
But the Romans didn't get even by trading insults or reducing themselves to the unsophisticated level of their opponents.
Throughout Western history there have always been men like Gill who are frightened of smart women who speak their minds, and I guess, as a professor of Classics at Cambridge University, I'm one of them.
In a sense, I suppose, I should be used to such crass remarks as his. After all, they dog most intelligent women, even today — particularly if they dare to put their head above the parapet by appearing on television. For years, sexism was institutionalised in academic establishments. It is only since World War II that women were permitted to graduate from Cambridge University; before that, they could have the pleasure of studying, but only men would be honoured with degrees.
Even in the mid-1970s, when I was an undergraduate at Newnham, then as now an all-women's college, only 10 per cent of the university's students were female. There were a few guys around the place who would treat us as just that bit intellectually inferior to them.
There was stereotyping, too. We were the swots and frumps; the generic term for a bright young woman was still a ‘bluestocking'.
I used to enjoy mocking this flagrant typecasting: every time I went to a job interview I reclaimed the stereotype by arriving in a pair of blue woollen tights.
BBC broadcaster and sports commentator Clare Balding has been another victim of AA Gill's bile
Another intelligent woman who might agree with me is the BBC broadcaster and sports commentator Clare Balding, to whom I'm very grateful for weighing in and supporting me over this latest Gill outburst.
Having also been grievously insulted by Gill in the past, she wrote on Twitter: ‘I like to think he's intimidated by us. Sad, really, that he's incapable of assessing women in an intelligent manner.'
Last summer Gill referred to Clare as a ‘dyke on a bike' when reviewing her travel programme Britain By Bike. Clare, who is openly gay, complained to the Press Complaints Commission and it upheld her complaint. And this isn't the first time Gill has had a go at me, either. He also took issue with my appearance in his review of my documentary Pompeii: Life And Death In A Roman Town in 2010.
‘For someone who looks this closely at the past,' he wrote, ‘it is strange she hasn't had a closer look at herself before stepping in front of a camera. Beard coos over corpses' teeth without apparently noticing she is wearing them.
‘From behind she is 16; from the front, 60. The hair is a disaster, the outfit an embarrassment.
‘This isn't sexist or beside the point. If you're going to invite yourself into the front rooms of the living, then you need to make an effort.'
That was a shock at the time. But get real, I find myself thinking on reflection. It's both sexist and beside the point.
Sure, I don't wear make-up. I have nothing against those who do if it gives them pleasure, but actually I feel happy enough in my own skin not to feel I want to bother with it. I don't dye my hair for the same reason. I ask myself: ‘If I did, what would I be covering up?' And how do you stop doing it once you've started?
To the charge of having big, tombstone teeth, I plead guilty. I inherited them from my mum, just as I did her uncompromising double chin. I'm every inch the 57-year-old wife, mum and academic, half-proud of her wrinkles, her crow's feet, even her hunched shoulders from all those misspent years poring over a library desk.
I could even try a Socratic point here. Like the great Greek philosopher, I look a mess. But actually, if you took the trouble to listen to him, he had something valuable to impart. I'm nowhere near the towering intellect of Socrates, but at a lower level that analogy could apply to me.
And what is beauty after all? Is it someone who is Botoxed to the eyeballs, or someone who feels beautiful under their own skin?
Scholarly: Mary pictured in Herculaneum, presenting for one of her BBC shows
The real point is not what I look like, but what I do. And the response from most viewers to my programmes is that I present interesting, absorbing and enjoyable ones.
I am gratified, too, that the BBC has always been 100 per cent supportive and not asked me to change my appearance. I'm delighted to be a woman in late middle age presenting programmes on television. I hope, soon, more will join me.
I've been deluged with supportive messages on Twitter as well.
‘I'm on the side of Mary Beard. She's brilliant. Who cares about make-up?' tweeted one kind viewer; another told me they had been inspired to take up Classics as a result of watching my programmes.
I'm heartened by these and many other favourable remarks. They're a counterbalance to Gill's poorly argued, carping sexism.
That's another thing — even the greenest of my students would not present me with an essay as ill-argued and off the point as Gill's critique.
Possibly this is where we reach the heart of AA Gills's problem: maybe it's precisely because he did not go to university that he never quite learned the rigour of intellectual argument and he thinks that he can pass off insults as wit. It may well be the reason why he feels the need to sneer at intelligent, educated women like Clare and me — Clare also studied at Newnham, Cambridge — so repeatedly.
So what of my revenge?
Donnish: Mary has built her reputation on her brain
First, I'd like to invite him to a tutorial in my study at Cambridge and ask him to justify and substantiate his opinions. We could talk them through. Possibly then he would learn a little about the crass assumptions he's making and why they don't amount to anything more.
Next, for my Roman-style revenge on Gill, I'd force him to watch each of my programmes from start to finish. And to ensure he did so with appropriate diligence, I'd ask Clare to be on hand to enforce the penalty.
And as Gill is also a food critic —and I'm certain there is a veritable battalion of angry chefs and restaurateurs who would gladly volunteer to help with this bit — I'd force-feed him, like a goose destined for pate de foie gras, his least favourite dishes, while he sat and learned about the Romans.
And then we'd talk about them — and I mean about their substance, not just about my lack of lipgloss.
I do wonder, if he met me face to face, would he be prepared to reiterate the insults he has heaped on me in print? Somehow I doubt if he would have the guts.
I am often asked to review books in newspapers and I always make it a rule never to write anything critical in a review that I would not be prepared to repeat to the author face-to-face — a basic tenet of responsible journalism.
And I ask only one thing of anyone who chooses to condemn me for not quite living up to the stereotype Botoxed blonde Gill seems to want me to become: see my programmes for yourself and decide if it is worth investing your time in watching me, even with my grey hair, double chin and wrinkles.
Last Updated ago . Click "Updates" above to see the latest.
Hello!
I would like to introduce you to my latest and most complex project, The AC Cobra 427, my all-time favourite car.
It was a huge challenge to recreate all the beautiful curves of this car keeping it sturdy and solid.
I have tried to put as many functions as possible, having to combine both Technic and System.
Scale: 1:14
Dimensions: 33 studs long, 13 studs wide (15 studs wide on mudguards).
Features:
fully working steering system, activated from the steering wheel, which is also adjustable.
a working mini V8 piston engine and a differential system.
front and rear independant suspension.
lever on the dashboard that opens the hood.
openable doors and trunk.
the model if very sturdy and solid.
It was very challenging to come up with solutions for the model, both in terms of geometry and functionality.
I hope you enjoyed viewing my model and thank you for all the supports!
Image caption Immigrants may have to learn the first verse of the national anthem.
Home Secretary Theresa May is reported to be planning changes to the test taken by foreign nationals who wish to become British citizens.
The Life in the United Kingdom test was introduced by Labour in 2005.
The Sunday Times say immigrants will be told "historically the UK is a Christian country".
The revised version will focus less on the practicalities of daily living in Britain and require more knowledge of British history and achievements.
Inventions and discoveries
The paper says immigrants will also have to learn the first verse of the national anthem before they can become UK citizens.
Mrs May is understood to have scrapped sections of the test which dealt with claiming benefits and the Human Rights Act.
Putting our culture and history at the heart of the citizenship test will help ensure those permanently settling can understand British life allowing them to properly integrate into our society Home Office
Instead potential immigrants will be expected to learn about Byron, the Duke of Wellington, Shakespeare and other historical and cultural figures.
The new version of the handbook, expected to be issued in the autumn, will include sections about key battles, such as Trafalgar, and British inventions and discoveries.
A Home Office spokesperson told the BBC: "Putting our culture and history at the heart of the citizenship test will help ensure those permanently settling can understand British life allowing them to properly integrate into our society."
The handbook is the basis of a 45-minute test which potential citizens can take at one of 90 centres around the UK.
Sultana Razia, who came to the UK from Bangladesh five years ago, has already failed the test once in her quest to become a British citizen.
"If you want to live here, you have to know all the information - all the rules and the way of living here and the culture here," she told BBC News.
"The test is important, it's quite hard but it's important."
Alp Mehmet, vice chairman of the Migration Watch think tank, welcomed the planned changes.
People who do speak English, who are born and brought up here, we would find it very, very difficult to pass so how will they pass? BSGS College director Habib Mirza
"People are almost encouraged to see what they can get out of the country rather than what they can contribute," he told BBC News.
"And I think that the emphasis moving towards people having an understanding of the country they're joining effectively - becoming citizens of - is absolutely right."
But Habib Mirza, who runs citizenship courses at BSGS College, in Whitechapel, east London, said proposed changes would represent "a massive barrier for anybody who wants to settle down in the United Kingdom, the vast majority of whom cannot speak English anyway".
"People who do speak English, who are born and brought up here, we would find it very, very difficult to pass so how will they pass?"
And he said asking people from non-Christian backgrounds to learn the National Anthem "might be against their religious beliefs, it might be against their personal beliefs" and it was therefore "unfair".
“There is every reason to believe the collision was an accident, but there are force protection implications because warships make every effort to stay away from unknown small boats, which could pose a terrorist threat,” a Navy spokesman said at the time.
The Kennedy was involved in an earlier deadly accident, in Nov. 22, 1975, when an American guided-missile cruiser, the Belknap, collided with the carrier in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Sicily, destroying the cruiser. A fire ensued just yards from the ship's nuclear weapons magazine, where nuclear-tipped Terrier surface-to-air missiles were kept. Crews were able to eventually extinguish the blaze, though it did burn for around 20 hours. Seven sailors perished on the Belknap and one on the Kennedy. Dozens were injured.
The next year, on Sept. 14, the Bordelon, an American destroyer that was one of the ships that had come to the rescue in the Belknap collision, collided with the Kennedy while refueling alongside the cruiser. Parts of the Bordelon were damaged, including its port bow and main mast, which fell, injuring some onboard. The Bordelon was decommissioned as a result.
Feb. 9, 2001: The Greeneville, a Los Angeles-class fast attack submarine, collided with a Japanese fishing boat, the Ehime Maru, off the coast of Oahu, Hawaii. The submarine — which was performing a rapid surfacing maneuver when the crash occurred — had civilian guests on board, which became a central concern to investigators. Mechanical problems and human error were also considered factors in the crash.
Nine passengers on the Ehime Maru were killed, including four high school students.
The Navy opened a full-scale investigation in which the submarine's captain, Commander Scott Waddle, faced the Naval Board of Inquiry. He ultimately was not court-martialed, but his career in the Navy ended as a result of the collision.
The Navy compensated the Ehime Prefecture government, the survivors and the families of the victims. And President George W. Bush apologized for the crash on national television.
July 13, 2000: The Denver, an amphibious transport dock, and the Yukon, a replenishment oiler, collided during a refueling exercise west of Hawaii. Both ships sustained significant damage. An investigation found that “human error caused this collision,” with the Denver at fault. No injuries were reported.
June 14, 1989: The Houston, an attack submarine, which appeared in the 1990 film “The Hunt for Red October,” snagged a tow cable of the commercial tugboat Barcona during filming off the coast of Southern California. The Barcona sank, and one crewman on the tugboat drowned.
Dogecoin, for those who don't spend their time indulging in Internet meta-memes, may seem like harmless nerdery. But for one enterprising hacker, it's created a small fortune—at the price of annoying a lot of systems administrators.
A pair of researchers at Dell's Secureworks security division have traced a collection of malware-infected storage devices to a hacker who has amassed more than $620,000 worth of the currency, which they say he mined from those hijacked machines and others. They say that stash, largely created in just two months earlier this year, may be the largest cryptocurrency hoard ever mined from the computers of unwitting victims. (Wow.)
"To date, this incident is the single most profitable, illegitimate mining operation," Pat Litke writes in a blog post explaining the findings. The two researchers concede, however, that they can only prove a small fraction of the coins were mined from the hacked storage boxes, and it's not clear what other machines—compromised or not—the hacker used to mine such significant Doge riches.
Litke and fellow researcher David Shear have spent months following a security vulnerability in storage hardware made by Taiwanese firm Synology. In September, security researcher Andrea Fabrizi found that the operating system used by such devices contained flaws that would allow a remote attacker to gain control of the machines and install malware. In February, Synology users began complaining that their devices were running slowly, and one Facebook poster noted that he'd found a folder on his machine labelled "PWNED."
In sample files shared online by infected users, Shear and Litke found a program known as CPUminer, used in mining cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. "That was the entrance to the rabbit hole," says Litke. "It became clear there was a significant amount of money being made off these Synology boxes."
While analyzing a config file in the "PWNED" folder, they discovered the mined currency wasn't being sent to a bitcoin address, but to one associated with dogecoin, a half-serious alternative to bitcoin that has since its launch in December become one of the most active cryptocurrencies. By checking the dogecoin blockchain (the public ledger of all dogecoin transactions), they could see all the coins mined at that address and at another address associated with the same hacker.+++inset-left
Dogecoin Foundation
Thank you to Clare Cherry, co-author of George Boleyn: Tudor Poet, Courtier and Diplomat for writing this guest article for us today.
Over to Clare…
In 1536 five members of the Boleyn family had their lives destroyed, or at the very least fundamentally damaged. Anne and George were put to death on trumped up charges of incest, adultery and treason. Thomas and Elizabeth Boleyn lost a daughter and their son and heir. Thomas also lost his court position, career and reputation. Jane Boleyn lost her husband and social position. She later went on to lose her life.
Ever since Anne Boleyn first caught the eye of the king, and since he first started chasing her around the country, the Boleyn family has been vilified. They were alleged to be ambitious social climbers, Thomas pimped his daughters to the highest bidder and so on and so on. The vilification obviously increased when Anne was accused of adultery and incest, and of plotting to kill the king. All of the charges we now know were nonsense, as did many people at the time of her fall. But human beings just love kicking a person when they're down. So anyone who was jealous of the Boleyns, or who hated religious reform of which they were spearheads, or who were loyal to Catherine of Aragon and Mary used every opportunity to defame them. When Henry decided to ditch Anne using every foul method available to him, their enemies, or should that be rivals, must have been rubbing their hands together in glee.
But before the king's infatuation with Anne, the Boleyns were a respectable family, no different to any other prominent Tudor family. They were in the employment of the king, and they were loyal subjects. Thomas was a successful and respected courier, politician and diplomat, and his young son, George was to follow in his footsteps.
Yes, they were ambitious, like every other courtier at Henry VIII's court, but I think only failures see ambition as a character flaw. Thomas, and later George, were highly intelligent and capable men. Their successful careers would have elicited no comment, other than perhaps envy, had Henry not wanted to marry Anne. But he did want to marry her, so what were the Boleyns, or indeed anyone else for that matter, supposed to have done? They had to get the king what he wanted. That included not only the Boleyns, but also Cardinal Wolsey, Charles Brandon, Thomas Cromwell and everyone else in Henry's employ, whether they were happy to accept Nan Boleyn on the throne or not. If you didn't like it, tough!
The Boleyns were no different to any other prominent Tudor family, save for the fact that they had two daughters who caught the eye of the king, and the fact that their two bright stars were murdered on false charges of treason. Without that, Thomas and George would be remembered as two successful courtiers in the same way as Thomas Wyatt, Francis Bryan, Nicholas Carew, Charles Brandon, etc. are. They played their cards in the same way as all of these men, just as the Seymour family did, the Howard family did and all of the other members of Henry's court.
Children in the playground say, “sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me”. As adults, we understand the fallacy of that phrase. Bones can be repaired, but words are the most dangerous weapon we possess, and a damaged reputation can often be irreparable, as is the pain caused.
In the sixteenth century, reputation and honour were vitally important. Anne and George Boleyn were accused of incest. To two proud people, the horror of that would have been palpable. It's why George Boleyn died on the scaffold saying he was dying with more shame and dishonour than had ever been heard of before. Yet so often we don't even consider these people as human beings. We say what we like about them because it's easy. They died so long ago it's hard to think that they actually lived. It's why some authors can be so cavalier when characterising them in their fiction. To all intents and purposes, they've become caricatures on a page to be used and abused at will.
We know all this, but still, Thomas is vilified for pimping his daughters, when there is no evidence whatsoever to suggest that he did. The evidence we do have shows him to have been opposed to the marriage. Anne is still seen by many as the wicked witch who connived and manipulated her way to the crown and put aside the righteous Catherine of Aragon while doing so, despite doing everything in her limited power to spurn his attentions. Even Elizabeth Boleyn's virtue has recently been questioned by one historian. And then there are Jane and George Boleyn. Jane has been vilified for years for being the source of the incest allegation despite no evidence to prove she was. Why let the lack of evidence get in the way of a good story?
We don't seem to have come very far in the last five-hundred years. In fact, it gets worse. George Boleyn largely escaped vilification following his death. It's only been in the last thirty years or so that certain fiction writers have started to take cheap shots at him. Suddenly he's become a rapist, a wife abuser, a thug and a sneering idiot. It's all become so boringly predictable and lazy.
Even George Boleyn's talent for poetry has been used against him with callous manipulation. In Hilary Mantel's Bring up the Bodies we have Thomas Cromwell suggesting that George only wrote poetry so that he could stick his cock in as many women as he could (Mantel's obscenity, not mine). Does what we know about George Boleyn, rather than the fiction written about him, lead anyone to believe that this vile quote is deserved?
If the king had not moved heaven, earth and religion to marry Anne, then Thomas and George would have continued to have successful careers and be remembered as respected and competent courtiers. George would have kept his head intact and probably have died a natural death. Cavendish would never have written libellous verse about him, and his honour and reputation would, therefore, have remained intact, along with his head. No one would, five-hundred years later, be keen to paint Elizabeth Boleyn as a trollop. As for Jane Boleyn, no one would allege that she falsely accused her husband of incest, which would have the knock-on effect that no one would be accusing George of wife-abuse. Their marriage would not elicit any comment at all because it elicited no comment at the time. As for Anne, she would have married a successful courtier, and no one would ever have heard of her. The Boleyns would always have been keen religious reformers, but they would have had no power to do anything about it, and they would have been sensible to have put up and shut up.
It was not just Anne and George who fell in 1536. The whole family was brought down with them, and for what? For being unlucky? For being in the wrong place at the wrong time? For having a paranoid cruel tyrant for a king who wanted to remarry without impediment? It certainly wasn't for being guilty. A loyal servant to the king had his career stripped from him. Parents lost two of their children in the most tragic circumstances that can be imagined, and a wife was left widowed. Two innocent young people lost their lives and their honour on the foulest and most callous charges which could be conceived. What happened to the Boleyns was not deserved. What did they possibly do to deserve what happened to them? They were destroyed in 1536. Why do we feel the need to keep destroying them over and over again?
Clare did a video talk on George Boleyn for Anne Boleyn Day 2017 and you can click here to watch it. Claire Ridgway did a video talk on Thomas and Elizabeth Boleyn and you can click here to watch it.
Clare Cherry lives in Hampshire with her partner David. She works as a solicitor in Dorset, but has a passion for Tudor history and began researching the life of George Boleyn in 2006. She started corresponding with Claire Ridgway in late 2009, after meeting through The Anne Boleyn Files website, and the two Tudor enthusiasts became firm friends. They co-wrote George Boleyn: Tudor Poet, Courtier & Diplomat. Clare divides her time between the legal profession and researching Tudor history. Clare has written guest articles on George Boleyn for The Anne Boleyn Files, Nerdalicious.com.au, and author Susan Bordo's The Creation of Anne Boleyn website.
About George Boleyn: Tudor Poet, Courtier & Diplomat:
George Boleyn has gone down in history as being the brother of the ill-fated Queen Anne Boleyn, second wife of Henry VIII, and for being executed for treason, after being found guilty of incest and of conspiring to kill the King.
This biography allows George to step out of the shadows and brings him to life as a court poet, royal favourite, keen sportsman, talented diplomat and loyal brother. Clare Cherry and Claire Ridgway chart his life from his spectacular rise in the 1520s to his dramatic fall and tragic end in 1536.
George Boleyn: Tudor Poet, Courtier and Diplomat is divided into three sections – Beginnings, Career and Influence, and End of an Era – and topics include:
– George Boleyn's poetry
– Personal attributes and social pursuits
– Religion
– George's marriage to Jane Parker
– The Reformation Parliament and the League of Schmalkalden
– George the Diplomat
– The fall of the Boleyns, arrests and trials
– The aftermath of their fall
– George Boleyn, Dean of Lichfield, and the Clonony Castle Boleyns
The biography is fully referenced and includes chapter notes, bibliography and useful appendices.
Find out more about the book at getbook.at/george-boleyn
Picture: Jane Boleyn in “The Tudors” series; Thomas and Elizabeth Boleyn in The Other Boleyn Girl movie; George and Anne Boleyn in The Other Boleyn Girl movie; George Boleyn in Bring Up the Bodies.
Categories: George Boleyn, Jane Boleyn, Representations of Anne Boleyn, The Boleyns
Stranger Things ' hotly anticipated second series will bring “bigger, darker stakes”, starting off right where season 1 ended. Yes, Stranger Things season 2 will start with Will's slug vomit.
In an interview with Vanity Fair, Noah Schnapp - who played Will Byers, Winona Ryder's missing son on the hit supernatural show - confirmed he had been “upgraded to a series regular”, and teased at what was to come.
“You'll be seeing more of me. I'll be there,” said Schnapp. “In the last episode, I threw up a slug, so season 2 begins with what happens from there. There may have been some effect on him. I may or may not have turned into a monster. You'll have to watch to find out.”
Filming of season 2 is currently underway and the original cast - which includes Winona Ryder and Millie Bobby Brown as Eleven - have confirmed they are returning, along with Goonies star Sean Astin, and Mad About You's Paul Reiser.
Finn Wolfhard, who portrays Mike Wheeler, added that now the characters have been established, the actors are “very conscious of them” and can take them to the next level. “I think we've grown up a little bit, and our characters have too, he said. “They have been through alot and have used those experiences to help them grow and to be stronger in Season 2.”
And that's not all. Shawn Levy - Stranger Things' director and executive producer - also dropped some clues about what we might expect when the new season hits our screens later this year.
“Season 2 is bigger and potentially darker in its stakes,” said Levy. “The threat, which in Season 1 was to Will Byers, has grown. That's all I'm going to say!
“But, I will say Season 2 has a bigger cast and is definitely loyal to the kind of magical storytelling that we established in the first season. It's character-based and still about our core group of characters.”
Stranger Things received the best drama series nomination at the Golden Globes , where - alongside series co-star Ryder - Brown also received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for her debut as the mysterious Eleven.
In addition to industry recognition, the actors have also bowled over by attention from fans, including one request from a fan who asked Schnapp to accompany her to the prom.
“She actually really meant it. She was like, ‘Here's my address. Be there at 7.' It was hilarious,” said Schnapp. “I did say yes. It's coming up. Since I said yes, I have to keep my promise and really go to the prom with her.”
Stranger Things season 2 is scheduled to appear on Netflix in 2017.
Image: Netflix.
Getty Image
Chat logs obtained from message boards used by neo-Nazis and other far-right groups show a concerted effort to compile private information on leftist enemies and circulate the data to encourage harassment or violence.
The messages were obtained by an anonymous source, who infiltrated and gained the trust of white nationalists and other right wingers and has been leaking the material to Unicorn Riot, a “decentralized media collective” that emerged from leftist protest movements.
The chat logs originate from various web discussion communities hosted by the provider Discord and closed to the public. The communities, which have names like “Vibrant Diversity,” “Ethnoserver,” “Safe Space 3,” “4th Reich,” and “Charlottesville 2.0,” range from having 36 users to 1,269 users. The most active, with nearly a quarter million messages over seven months, is “Vibrant Diversity,” a neo-Nazi community forum that includes a channel called “#oven,” where users share racist memes. The 4th Reich server, the second most active, has 130,000 messages over the course of four months, and includes a channel called “#rare_hitlers,” where users share propaganda posters and other glorified media from Nazi Germany. The “Charlottesville 2.0” server, which contains 35,000 messages, is where to Unite the Right hate rally in Charlottesville was organized.
This article is based solely on chat logs from a community called “Pony Power” (Unicorn Riot published the logs yesterday). The Pony Power server has 50 users, and the chat logs contain just over one thousand messages, posted over the course of 10 days and ranging in topic from far-right politics to advice about digital and operational security to debates about the legal limits of online behavior. The primary activity on the Pony Power server is posting private information like names, photos, home addresses, and phone numbers of dozens of anti-fascist activists.
Victims of the outings, also known as “doxings,” described reactions ranging from terror to anger to annoyance and have variously turned to friends and family for support and locked down their accounts. They said the Pony Power doxing campaign is just the latest in a series of online efforts by neo-Nazis and their allies to marginalize their opponents. The information compiled on Pony Power hasn't yet been distributed to the larger right-wing extremist community. However, doxing efforts associated with prior online hate campaigns have forced targets to leave their homes in the face of death threats, rape threats, and other forms of harassment. And those attacks were mounted even before President Donald Trump came to power on the back of racist attacks against his predecessor, against Mexicans, and against Muslims, and before he embraced white nationalists or encouraged violence against protesters at campaign rallies.
People chatting on the Pony Power server spoke openly, as though behind closed doors, often using offensive slurs. So be warned, some of the following conversations are hard to stomach.
The total value of trade on Zimbabwe's stock market hit a low of £79 yesterday as president Robert Mugabe's government announced it would soon launch Soviet-style “command” agriculture, forcing farmers to grow food crops or lose their land.
Tuesday's trading total, the lowest since the US dollar was introduced as the main currency in February 2009, is a stark illustration of the state of Zimbabwe's battered economy, three years after Mugabe claimed victory once again in elections.
Yesterday only a handful of shares is traded in just a single counter: Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe. They traded unchanged at 1.5 cents (1p). Harare stockbrokers Lynton-Edwards confirmed that the lowest daily turnover since dollarisation was on February 19 2009, when a total value of just £23 changed hands.
Zimbabwe's stock exchange has already lost 30.99 per cent of its share value since the beginning of the year.
The central bank's announcement in May that it will start issuing its own banknotes or “bond-notes” in October has led to a huge drop in confidence in the banking sector, with locals queuing at banks to withdraw their cash as soon as it is deposited. Tens of thousands of Zimbabweans lost their savings in the pre-2008 crisis.
After years of repression, Zimbabweans this year started speaking out against Mugabe, who has been in power since 1980. Until now the president's most loyal supporters, war veterans last week released an astonishing statement calling him “dictatorial” and saying they'd no longer back him. They were likely emboldened by a Harare pastor, Evan Mawarire, who launched an online protest using the hashtag #ThisFlag in April.
Faced with growing discontent, Mugabe is tightening his grip. Vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa has announced that 2,000 farmers would be forced to grow the staple maize “under strict supervision” to make up for food shortages. Five million Zimbabweans will need aid by early next year.
Farmers targeted under the new scheme will be given tools and fertiliser to grow the maize. Then theywill be forced to hand over their produce “to cover the machinery and inputs. Farmers will be allowed to keep anything above the required five tonnes of maize per hectare.
U.S. Coast Guard Deployable Specialized Forces: D.O.G. - Deployable Operations Group
I have been asked by a few future Coast Guardsmen about the new fitness test utilized by DOG. First of all, I had to figure out what DOG was. After some research, the good news is that the fitness test is very similar to law enforcement fitness tests used by many federal and local police agencies. Also, DOG stands for Deployable Operations Group (DOG) and is considered the Coast Guard Special Ops Team. After September 11, 2001, the Coast Guard became part of Homeland Security and developed the DOG in order to establish a single command authority to rapidly provide the Coast Guard, DHS, DoD, DoJ and other interagency operational commanders adaptive force packages drawn from the U.S. Coast Guard's deployable specialized force units.
These six units, under a single command, create an organized quick reaction force that can be deployed to handle natural disasters, environmental catastrophes, terrorism and other threats to the United States and the world. The groups that are under DOG are the following:
MSRT -- Maritime Security Response Team
The premiere counter--terrorism teams of dogs are interoperable with DOD Special Operations Forces with port security, maritime interdiction, and other high threat events.
MSST -- Maritime Safety and Security Teams
Established in 2002, these tier 1 forces are anti terrorism and port security teams who can operate domestically as well as internationally. The MSSTs execute Coastal Security operations (enforce security zones, port state control boardings, protection of military out loads and major marine events, augment shore side security at waterfront facilities, detect WMD weapons/agents, and participate in port level anti-terrorism exercises.
NCWS -- Naval Coastal Warfare Squadrons
These Coast Guard units are part of an interoperable force and part of the Department of Defense international and domestic security. They provide anti-terrorism / force protection for forward deployed base camps and ports around the world where needed.
PSU -- Port Security Units
These units are integrated and interoperable and deploy nationally as well as internationally in support the Department of Defense port security. They can deploy within 24 hours.
NSF -- National Strike Force
These Coast Guard are immediate action teams and deploy to deal with HAZMAT, CHEM / BIO environmental disasters.
TACLET -- TACtical Law Enforcement Teams
Provide maritime drug interdiction and well as maritime interception domestically as well as where requested by the Department of Defense. Also they conduct training for foreign Navy and foreign Coast Guard.
For more information on the variety of missions done by these groups see the official Coast Guard website.
The Coast Guard Deployable Operations Group Tier 1 Fitness Test is:
Men / Women All Ages 1.5-Mile Run 11:38 Situps 1 Minute 42 Pushups 1 Minute 38 300m Sprint 48 Seconds Vertical Jump 23 Inches
This test is very similar to the FBI fitness test except for the Vertical Jump exercise. Training for it is not that difficult to organize into your week.
By using a standard split routine you can organize the workout week into progressive program. For instance:
Workout 1,3,5: Paced Cardio / Upper-Body / Abs & Lower-Back
Workout 2, 4: Leg PT / Sprinting
You can opt for a sixth workout in your seven day week, but I do recommend you give yourself 1-2 days rest for recovery. A workout #6 option would be to take a day off prior and do the full test in the order that you will be taking it. This will help you alleviate any PFT anxiety as after several times taking this test, it will become easy and feel just like another workout.
DOG Tier 2 Fitness Test for Men and Women Under 30 Years of Age:
Men Under 30 Years Old 1.5-Mile Run 12:51 Situps 1 Minute 38 Pushups 1 Minute 29 12 Minute Swim 500 Yards Sit and Reach 16.5 Inches
Women Under 30 Years Old 1.5-Mile Run 15:26 Situps 1 Minute 32 Pushups 1 Minute 23 12 Minute Swim 400 Yards Sit and Reach 19.25 Inches
The same can be done with the Tier 2 test as far as creating a split routine to prepare for the fitness test. Here is how I would recommend training for this different test:
Workout 1,3,5: Run / Upper-body / Swim / Abs & Lower-back
Make your workouts similar for the test complete with a run, upper-body PT or weights followed by a swim and stretch.
Workout 2,4: Weakness Day:
These days can be spent working on one of the two cardio testing events that you are having the most trouble with and resting the upper-body muscles from the day before. You can also do some leg PT to build up your leg endurance for the run.
The DOG Physical Fitness Test Exercises (Tips and Sample Workouts):
Running
1.5-mile run:
• Pace, Breathing, Arm Swing, Stride -- Learn to regular your breathing by timing INHALES for 2-3 steps and EXHALES for 2-3 steps in a regular breathing rhythm to keep heart rate lower and running potential faster in the last ¼ mile.
• Arm Swing and Stride -- Arms should be slightly bent but relaxed and swing in a straight line not crossing your body. Stride and foot strike should be efficient enough so you are not running on your toes or too wide where you land on your heels. Foot strike should be closer to the balls of the feet but not flat footed.
• Injury Prevention / Stretch Properly -- Warmup well and stretch by jogging or jumping jacks and a few squats.
For more information see these related articles.
Learn More About Special Operations Forces
Learn how to pace your 1.5-mile run by breaking the run down into 1/4 and 1/2-mile interval workouts like this:
Repeat 6-8 Times
- Run 1/4 mile at goal pace (ie if your goal is to run a 10:30 1.5-mile run then your 1/4mile should be at 1:45 each lap of the quarter mile. - Rest with 100m walk - Add in squats or lunges to build endurance in legs as well as jumping skills.
Pushups: The pushup is the most commonly used exercise in military, law enforcement, and firefighter training programs.
Learning how to ace a fitness test is required for most groups BUT being able to do multiple sets of countless pushups is usually required in most indoctrination training programs (Boot Camps, Basic Training, Military and Law Enforcement and Fire Fighting Academies). Here are some tips for the exercise that has been around for 1000's of years.
• Proper Hand Placement -- Keep hands just greater than shoulder width apart and placed lower than your shoulders as if you were doing a bench press. This will place an equal amount of force on the chest, shoulders and triceps.
• Up / Down Movement -- Pushups in this test is a 1 minute sprint. Building your endurance to do non-stop pushups for one minute is not as difficult as it may first appear. To score your best, you should focus on doing pushups as fast as you can, however exert on the UP motion and relax your arms when coming DOWN. Let gravity take you down.
The workouts used to build a foundation for your pushup scores by using super set or pyramid workouts like the ones below:
Repeat 5-10 Times
- Pushups -- 10 - Situps -- 10-20 on pace with goal 1 minute test - Pushups Pyramid -- do 1 pushup and build up to 25 pushups and back down to 1 in as little time as possible. If you need to, “rest” by doing a timed set of situps of 15-30 Situps
Situps:
This exercise requires some stomach and lower back strength as well as hip flexor / psoas strength and flexibility. For some ideas to stretch / build lower back areas check out the Lower Back Plan.
• This is a pacing exercise as with running. If your goal is 50-60 in 1 minute, you have to build up to withstand a pace of up to 1 situp per second for 60 seconds.
• Touch elbows to knees / shoulders to floor -- This is a full repetition for the situp and the best way to master this is to exert on the UP movement and relax on DOWN and let gravity take you to the floor. Just as with the pushup test.
• Paced Sets -- Focus on learning the pace to reach your goal. If you goal is 50 situps in 1 minute, then get 25 in 30 seconds, 12-13 in 15 seconds and develop your situp workouts with timed sets throughout your workout.
Running Speed
300m Sprint:
• This is 3/4 of a 400m track and is meant to be a full sprint. Some people perform this fast run as a build up to a full sprint and still perform well. Start off fast to build up your momentum for the first 10-20 m, then keep that pace for the first 100m, pick it up a notch for the seconds 100m, and then the last 100m is full speed.
• Build VO2 max with intervals / speed work / leg stamina thru calisthenics / weights / plyometrics.
Some favorite workouts to ace this test as well as the vertical jump is to mix sprints with squat, lunges, and jumps a few times a week for 4-5 sets like this:
Repeat 4-5 Times
- 300m fast run - Squats -- 20 - Lunges -- 10/leg - Vertical jump -- 5 - Stretch legs lightly
Vertical Jump -- A two foot vertical leap is not a challenging jump, however it is one that requires practice if you do not normally jump for athletic games like basketball or volleyball. Out of all the exercises, jumping and running are the two exercises that are the most potentially injurious especially if you are sporting a few too many extra pounds. Being flexible, with healthy bodyweight, and practicing jumping is the best way to ace this event.
Swimming Tests -- A 12 minute swim is a tough event IF you are not an efficient swimmer. This is one of those tests that may require some special training from someone who knows how to swim well. Another way to learn is to watch a swim team practice freestyle / crawl stroke. Otherwise, build up your swimming endurance and speed by swimming for 12 minute intervals. See my swimming articles for more information.
Get more ideas on swimming tests in the military.
Find Available Special Operations Opportunities
More USCG Special Training Articles:
- Rescue Swimmer Standards - Helicopter Rescue Swimmers - Pass Military Swimming Tests - Swimming With Fins
Stew Smith is a former Navy SEAL and fitness author certified as a Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS) with the National Strength and Conditioning Association. If you are interested in starting a workout program to create a healthy lifestyle - check out the Military.com Fitness eBook store and the Stew Smith article archive at Military.com. To contact Stew with your comments and questions, e-mail him at stew@stewsmith.com.
Since decades, there is a debate about healthy urine color. Most people believe that urine which is clearest is also the healthiest. However; new research is proving otherwise. In this guide, we will discuss what color your urine should ideally be in order to be deemed healthy.
Light yellow or clear: What color should healthy urine be?
Dark yellow urine indicates dehydration in most cases. At least this is the information voiced by majority of scientific publications and doctors all over the world. Sportsmen are also made to keep an eye on their urine color- any darker than ‘normal' and they are considered dehydrated.The solution in most cases is to drink plenty of water. The thumb -rule here is: drink as much as possible to keep urine clear.However, a new line of thought is calling this practice dangerous. Too much water consumption might help keep your urine clear but it is not a healthy practice. Healthy urine should ideally be light yellow in color and represents a healthy bacterial environment which is favorable to the urinary tract system. The good bacteria also keep the bad ones away and prevent Urine infections.
Even if you are asked to drink tons of water, the urine you produce should still be light yellow in color.
Please note here that dark yellow colored and malodorous urine is unhealthy and a surefire indication that something is not right. Unless you are taking certain medications or vitamin B-complex supplements, dark yellow urine indicates acute dehydration, bacterial bladder infection or even higher level kidney infections or stress.
Water in moderate amounts is a good solution to keep all urinary problems at bay
So what is the way to healthy urine? Yes, you should drink plenty of water but stick to the recommended values as prescribed by experts. Most women are asked to limit their water intake to 2.2 liters or 7-8 glasses a day. Men could consume 10-12 glasses or up to 3 liters based on their activity levels, how much they sweat etc. Adequate amounts of water can relieve stress on the kidneys, since water acts as a transportation medium to remove excess acids from the system. However, more than recommended amounts of water might also flush out the necessary salts leading to Hyponatremia (which translates as insufficient salt in blood) or water intoxication. Many reported cases of people drinking excessive amounts of water (for competitions or bets etc) leading to tragic deaths have proven such water intoxication.
Urinary Infections: How to keep urine at a healthy color?
“My son gets UTIs every 6 months. He also has bed wetting issues”.
“ I undergo bladder infections every month before or after a period”.
“I require antibiotics every now and then when I see cloudy or bloody urine from time to time. This is not healthy. What do I do?”
If these sentences describe you or someone you love, it is time to get your urine analyzed. Your doctor might also suggest these 8 things to keep urine and bladder healthy:
Let it all out– Do not hold your urine. Make sure you ‘go' completely each time you urinate. The longer the urine sits in the bladder, the greater are its chances of developing bacteria. Doing this will also keep your urine at the right healthy color. Drink plenty of fluids– Just do not overdo it. Target getting at least 6-8 glasses of water (for women) and 8-10 glasses of water (for men) based on how much you sweat or exercise. Avoid sugary beverages, caffeinated drinks and sodas –Instead choose sugar free fresh fruit/vegetable juices, green tea (about 4 times less caffeine than coffee) or sugar-free Cranberry juice. All of these can help in keeping urine healthy and of the right color. Avoid sedentary lifestyle– People who sit for more than 8 hours a day are likelier to have an unhealthy bladder and also likely to suffer from excess nighttime urination. So make sure you walk or at least exercise the leg/calf muscles from time to time. Avoid nicotine and alcohol– For healthy urine color, avoid excess smoking and alcohol. The latter can cause urine to be darker as it dehydrates the body. Take care after sex- This is especially necessary in women as their chances of developing UTIs go up if they do not pee right after sexual intercourse. Avoid acidic foods– Healthy urine is also a sign of a good diet. People who eat or drink acidic foods or beverages are more likely to develop bladder problems like frequent urination, incontinence and bladder infections. Tomatoes and orange juice, for example, are two foods known to cause bladder issues when consumed in excess. Avoid drinks before bed time– Based on your individual symptoms, you might wish to avoid fluids at certain times of the day. For example, if you need to go many times at night, it is sensible to avoid drinking water or other beverages 2 hours before bed.
Note that everyone is different and the different urine colors do not necessarily mean that something is wrong. You must definitely watch out for other signs and symptoms. That being said; drastic color changes in urine should be immediately brought to the attention of the doctor.
Atlanta's MLS team will be led by Darren Eales, who was announced as president on Wednesday.
Eales, 42, was director of football administration at England's Tottenham Hotspur, a position he held since 2010.
Neither Eales' start date nor his introductory press conference have been set. An attempt to reach him by email hasn't been returned.
The club will begin play in 2017 and already has more than 14,000 season tickets pledged to be purchased.
The hiring ends a months-long search that started soon after Atlanta's MLS club was introduced by owner Arthur Blank and league commissioner Don Garber in April.
“Soccer is a lifetime passion of mine, and to have the chance to come to Atlanta and build a club from the ground up is extremely exciting,” Eales said in a statement provided by the club. “I'm going to have the rare experience of getting to know the fans from the outset, and I'm eager to engage them in the process, from naming the team to creating an incredible atmosphere at our matches.”
Eales knows soccer in the states because he studied and played here.
A native of Cambridge, England, Eales played collegiately at West Virginia and then at Brown, where he was a first-team All-American as a forward and graduated with a degree in Economics.
He played professionally in the U.S. with the Hampton Roads Mariners, Hershey Wildcats and New York Centaurs.
Eales returned to England where he studied law at Cambridge. He joined the bar in 2000.
He served in a variety of roles for West Bromwich Albion soccer club before joining Tottenham.
Eales is known as an expert negotiator, having been involved in the transfer of several high-profile players, including several who came to MLS in former Spurs forwards Clint Dempsey, Robbie Keane and Jermain Defoe.
For the past few years, Spurs is considered one of the contenders for a coveted top-four spot in England's Premier League. In addition to being involved in the players sold to MLS, Eales played a role in securing the record transfer fee of Gareth Bale to Real Madrid. The money was then invested in purchasing several high-profile players.
One of Eales' first roles in Atlanta will be to hire a technical director/coach. There will also be the handling of the naming of the club and the process of setting up an academy, and a scouting network to target potential players.
Eales is another in line of executives from overseas clubs to be hired to manage MLS teams.
Paul Barber left Tottenham in 2010 to join Vancouver as CEO. He resigned in 2012.
Jerome de Bontin became general manager of New York in 2012 after serving as director of Monaco in his native France. Like Eales, de Bontin went to colleges in the U.S. He resigned from the Red Bulls earlier this year.
Phil Rawlins is president of Orlando City SC. His background includes 14 years as director of hometown club Stoke City in England's Premier League.
Here we go again.
Another major car manufacturing company announced plans to invest a billion of dollars in the U.S. economy and provide jobs to thousands of Americans.
FCA, the U.S. automaker of Fiat-Chrysler, announced on Sunday that it would invest a total $1 billion in plants in Michigan and Ohio, and will add 2000 new jobs in the United States.
The announcement came days after Ford Motor Company decided to cancel plans in Mexico and instead build a plant in Michigan. Ford's CEO cited demand, rather than the policies of President-elect Donald Trump, who has vowed to impose a "border tax" on companies that send jobs abroad.
The move "is a continuation of the efforts already underway to increase production capacity in the U.S.on trucks and SUVs to match demand," the company said, adding that it would help solidify the U.S. as "a global manufacturing hub."
Full story: Fiat Chrysler to invest $1 billion in Michigan and Ohio plants, create 2000 American jobs https://t.co/OkuWt5AhlA — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) January 8, 2017
During a tour and press conference at Carrier's industrial in Indianapolis, Indiana in December, President-elect Donald Trump and Carrier executives made it possible for 1,000 Americans would keep their jobs in the United States.
Five days later, Trump announced that Japan's SoftBank had agreed to invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 more jobs for Americans. He announced the deal after meeting with SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son, a Japanese billionaire and technology investor.
Cleveland Browns general manager Ray Farmer said Monday that he will not attend Johnny Manziel's pro day on Thursday, hoping instead to maintain a cloak of secrecy regarding his team's intentions.
The Browns own the No. 4 pick in the May draft and quarterback is considered a position of need. Farmer did attend pro days for Teddy Bridgewater and Blake Bortles.
"The systems we're using are really based on keeping everybody in the dark," Farmer told reporters at the NFL owners' meetings in Orlando, Fla., according to ESPN Cleveland. "I like the idea. You know, the more we tell everybody, the more we're at a disadvantage I think we've put ourselves at.
"The fact that people are guessing as to where we're located, where we've been and what we're doing is a good thing. It's a good thing in a sense when you're too visible about certain things, it becomes obvious, and the obvious is not good for us."
Farmer prefers to evaluate during private workouts at a player's school or hometown.
"There's definitely a schedule conflict, and definitely opportunities to talk to all parties that we may or may not be interested in," he told reporters. "A pro day of orchestrated throws, I don't know what that tells you. It's a piece of [the process] that people blow up into this great thing.
"I went to a lot of games and practices this fall. I've seen them throw the ball. I've seen them perform in a lot of ways. So it's not about watching them throw the ball, watching the ball come off their hands. A lot of those things have already been addressed."
A sign is posted at a 7-Eleven outlet asking for cooperation not to sell alcoholic beverage near educational institutions. (Bangkok Post file photo)
The alcohol drinking control authority is considering amending the alcoholic beverage control law to "manage" alcohol sales including online sales and delivery to prevent underage drinking.
Saman Futrakul, director of the Disease Control Department's Office of the Alcohol Control Committee, said the government has instructed state agencies to review their laws to make their enforcement more efficient.
The 2008 Alcoholic Beverage Control Act should be updated to cover new forms of alcoholic beverage sales, particularly Article 30, Dr Saman said.
Under the existing law, some types of alcohol sale transactions are not covered, including online sales and delivery. Some traditional drinks such as the fermented alcohol and herbal mix, or ya dong, which is sold as shots, are also not covered.
Dr Saman said ya dong has three times the alcohol content of beer and it is popular among teenagers who can easily buy it to mix with soft drinks and few legal controls can stop them.
Unlike most other alcoholic drinks, no age limits apply to people buying traditional medicinal alcohol.
With the Emmys less than two weeks away, oddsmakers are offering their predictions of which shows and actors have a higher probability of winning.
According to online betting site Top Bet, “Game of Thrones” is predicted to win in the best drama category by a wide margin, with the same holding true for “Veep” in the best comedy category and “The People v O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” in the limited series category.
RELATED: 2016 Primetime Emmy Awards: And The Nominees Are…
In addition, the odds say that “House of Cards” will gain a clean sweep in the major acting categories, with Top Bet predicting Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright will take home Emmys for Actor in a Drama Series and Actress in a Drama Series, respectively.
In the comedy categories, Top Bet predicts Jeffrey Tambor will win the best actor for “Transparent”, while Julia Louis-Dreyfus is predicted to win her fifth consecutive best actress Emmy for “Veep”.
The 68th Annual Emmy Awards take place on Sunday, September 18.
A Programming Language With Only One Command and the Anti-Imperialist Operating System Built on it
DawnOS is a new operating system designed to not only do away with the inefficiencies of mainstream OSes like Windows, but “to liberate people from the imperialistic oppression" of Intel. Its creator, who goes only by Geri, built it on a subleq chip, with subleq a “One Instruction-Set Computer” (or OISC), a programming language/architecture with only a single command. This means the language lacks goto and while for flow control, or if for branching, or even increment, replacing them all with only a single operation – yet it is Turing Complete, capable of supporting an entire operating system. I spoke with the creator of DawnOS, and the text of our interview runs below, but it may be helpful first to have an introduction to subleq.
The SUBLEQ language
OISCs (pronounced “whisks”) have commands that effectively combine some form of flow control, branching, and data manipulation. Often this happens by conflating the program and the memory space, effectively making it a self-modifying program. One can think of a OISC as an extreme form of RISC architecture (they are sometimes called URISCs for Ultimate Reduced Instruction Set Computer). In RISC architectures, the binaries break down to a much longer list of machine operations, but they take fewer transistors to run, and can be pipelined due to their uniform size.
Subleq's one command gives it its name: “SUBtract and branch if Less than or EQual.” Each program is a list of numbers. Each number has two roles: it is a pointer to another place in memory, and it is also data that can being operated on. Subleq's command reads three at a time, seeing each as a pointer: think of these as A, B, and C. Subleq's command goes to the location pointed to by A, subtracts it from the location pointed to by B, and stores that at B. If B is less than or equal to zero, it goes to the location C, otherwise it progresses to the next three numbers. For example, with this program:
We begin by subtracting 7 from 7 (the locations of A and B), and will store the result (0) in location B. Since the result, 0, is less than or equal to 0, it then jumps to the data location listed in C, which is 6:
Now we're doing the same thing more or less, using memory locations 6, 7, and 8 as parameters A, B, and C. Since C holds the value of 0, it will jump control back to the first memory cell upon completion:
At this point, memory cell #1 changes to 4; since this is more than zero, we don't make the jump, and continue to the next line instead.*
For a more in-depth example,
the “Hello World” program (actually prints “Hi”) on the esolangs wiki
gives an idea of how halting and printing to the screen could be handled, and a better sense of how to separate the “data” part of a program from the “code” part.
DawnOS in action
DawnOS
While subleq may seem like it would quickly become a tragic tangle of pointers on a large project, Geri found its minimalism an antidote to the dystopia of the current computing world. He sees chip and OS development as essentially political acts in a market dominated by corporate inefficiency. DawnOS is a sophisticated and fully usable system, supporting touchscreen interface, onscreen and physical keyboards, sound input and output, and even has games like chess and amoeba. Even running on a virtual cpu (the physical cpu has not yet been created), it outpaces Windows and Linux. I spoke with Geri about his project; his English is sometimes a little rough, but his passion comes through clearly.
» How did you get started on this project? Why did you choose to work with the SUBLEQ for DawnOS?
i felt very unsatisfyed with both gnu/linux and windows. as the time elapsed, the feeling started to become even stronger: linux and windows became bigger and slower, linux now employs 5-10k worthless packages to paint icons on the screen, meanwhile it not even supports icons for the binaries. basically every linux software needs hundreds of packages to downloaded separately from internet, as they are created by scripters who randomly using external libraries to even perform an rgb to bgr conversion, and not real programmers who have a clue about writing programs. the newest kde needs 30 seconds to bring up the start menu on my 1,6 ghz atom netbook. windows also stuck in its life - corporative clowns have overtaken the development: they just randomly gathered around some camp fire, and they decided they dont need a start menu. this decision cost them probably very lot, as they placed it back in windows10, too bad now it will show advertisements if you click on it. they totally failed to enter the arm market, they probably had no employer with the abilities of writing a application level x86 emulator to run at least the existing applications, and they still were unable to release one. these are serious problems, it indicates that both gnu/linux and windows is on the brink of death. the real creators who had technical or any other kownedge or sense left these areas long time ago. there are also lack of technical knowledge at linux side, for example, most linux distributions cant even detect the cpu type, and force a kernel using PAE or SSE kernel on a 6x86 cpu, which of course will crash at boot. not to mention linux kernel instantly crashes if it runs out the ram, and this bug has not been fixed in the last 20 years, even if it is technically possible to do so on complex hardware… no real development on Windows or linux has been made in the past 2 decades. this maybe sounds egoistic, but its actually true, and after a day, where i experienced some very nasty problems from the existing operating systems, i decided to create my own operating system. i had no clue what platform should i target. i originally planned x86, but i realized how bad it is - after all, current x86 is the result of approx 30+ years of work of 1 million hardware developers, all added his own poop into it to have a cpu. some idiot waked up at morning, and decided to add a MOV with his very own shitty prefixes and various different encodings. another idiot waked up at morning, and decided to add a floating point instruction which adds integers to floating point, and stores the results in a floating point register. another idiot waken up, and decided to add an opcode for adding 4 numbers simultanously. 1500 idiots waken up, added his own opcode, various memory addressing modes, and todays x86 has been born, with one billion transistors minimum just to have an operating system boot. not to mention every opcode has random lenght, and encapsulates a semi-undocumented segmentation, which creates an x86 so complex, that our x86 cpus are actually risc cpus emulating x86. no corporation can make x86 processors any more, they are so complex at least 20 years of work from a 10000 ic design professional persons would need it to even have windows booted (not to mention that a compatible io system also must be created). x86 is a form of opression, one of the main reasons we didnt had any real step forwards. of course i didnt just magically realized this, i had to learn it on the hard way (when i attempted to create an x86 emulator for debugging reasons). then my attention come into ARM, but i had to learn it is now gone on the same complexity curve where x86 also went (nowdays arm cpus are in fact not risc, they have variable instruction length (regular+thumb), 3 different type of fpu, various internal work methods). then i was avare i will have to create some instruction on my own, first i talked with some persons active around comment sections of these topics of cpus, and after speaking with them for long and long discussions about it, i collected the usable ideas, and i decided to do some fixed length risc/vliw hibrid that had like 256 pieces of 64 bit registers, every opcode were able to work on 2 or 3 registers, etc. i specificated it, an fpga developer dude started to create it in hardware, i quickly started to put together a compiler to see what is going on. the results were tragic, the performance was extremely low, the fpga was not even finished, but alreday comsumed millions of gates. we talked about it, and we aborted the whole plan. such things are just not working. somebody had mentioned subleq for me years ago, so i decided to try it out. it was suprisingly simple and efficient. first i expected it will have tens of tousands more cycles than any other things to perform the same as other architectures - but actually it offered very similar performance to other architectures, as if you compile C code, the magical performance of other architectures are also disappearing. subleq did prety well, so i choosen that, and quikcly finished the initial version of the compiler for it. the performance were suprisingly pleasing, the binary code size is the only problem at the moment, but still not brutally big. subleq is maybe or maybe not the most efficient urisc instruction, but its simple enough, easy to understand and to work with it from both hardware design and software design sides. these were basically the only logical choice.
DawnOS boot time vs. Linux
» Does the SUBLEQ architecture mean the same binary will have many more machine instructions than on x86?
yes, i mentioned earlyer, it requires much more opcodes to perform an operation. but in the fact, x86 also does. if you add two numbers on x86, you have an instruction that first must be loaded to the ram, then the instruction and segmentation must be loaded from ram and decoded, then multiple instructions must be performed to add the segments to the execution targets and sources, do the paging which is also comes in to be added for the addresses, perform the actual operation, and issue a White to memory. adding a number on subleq is also the same amout of operation. the difference is the opcode itself, x86 have one bloatwareish undocumented god opcode for his (and everything else), meanwhile subleq needs a short houdini code to perform it, which results bigger binary, but not necessary results difference of execution speed, as internally very similar things will happen in the cpu. small boot time is due to the design of my operating system, and not have connection with the instruction set (it would also instantly boot on every other architecture).
» How much work did you need to do directly in SUBLEQ instructions to develop this? Did you find this challenging?
after i have written the C compiler, basically none. i had to puzzle the compiler properly together to detect when it must sync from stack (as there is no hardware stack management or no registers on subleq), or what opcodes should i insert when i see an array adressing, or some basic operation like adding two numbers, etc. as subleq is very potato, i had to fix a lot of bugs, and meditate very lot of them, but its not a lot of subleq binary code, as i wrote the more complex things in c itself (multiplications, etc), and i also have written the operating system fully in C. so basically there are a very few but extremepy challenging things that i had to do directly in subleq, and all of them is in the compiler code generator itself. there are no ,,inline subleq'' in the code anywhere.
Finally, I asked Geri about what to call him on the site, and about his Hungarian roots.
5 Things I Love About Asheville, NC
It's been just two days since our epic Memorial Day road trip down to Asheville, North Carolina. I had the highest hopes for this city, and I'm so pleased to say that Asheville exceeded my highest expectations.
We packed a lot in during the 4-day getaway, and I wanted to share some of my favorite photos and travel finds from the trip. And, especially, I wanted to celebrate the 5 things that I loved most about Asheville.
1.) THE VIBE
Asheville is known for having an indie and bohemian vibe, and, indeed, the town seems to celebrate everything artisan and unique. A stroll through downtown leads you past talented musicians playing on pretty much every street corner. Boutiques showcasing local wares, hipster coffee shops, well-regarded restaurants, craft breweries and more line the streets and invite you to come in.
In addition to all the craft breweries (more on that in a moment), Asheville's gotten a well-deserved reputation as a food-focused city with lots of highly regarded talent. The tables at Curate are some of the hottest in town, and head chef Katie Button has been on the James Beard list of Rising Star Chefs for the past 3 years. Vegan and vegetarian diners will find ample representation on menus throughout Asheville… I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Plant, a vegan-only restaurant that even carnivores would love.
Also topping my list of favorite Asheville eats was the popular White Duck Taco Shop. I went to the River Arts District location and was floored by the line of people waiting to try chef and co-owner Laura Mixson's fresh and flavorful combos. I stuffed myself silly fully of tacos and house-made queso all washed down with a fresh lime margarita. (Tip: The Bangkok Shrimp and Tofu Banh Mi tacos were my favorites.) YUM!
2.) THE BREWS
“Asheville is ‘Beer City USA'” is a sentiment that was proudly repeated to me countless times during my visit. Without a doubt, the city gleans a lot of pride from its hops-driven reputation. Countless craft breweries make up the Asheville Ale Trail and bars and restaurants proudly tout the NC beers on their menus. Edison at the Omni Grove Park Inn takes it a step further and ensures that their beer list features ONLY North Carolina craft beers.
Several of Asheville's breweries came very highly recommended from all of you, like Green Man Brewery, Pisgah Brewing and Wedge Brewing. The one I ended up visiting was Wicked Weed. Located in the heart of downtown Asheville, Wicked Weed featured a HUGE beer list of traditional and more unique craft beers, an inviting indoor/outdoor space as well as inspired pub grub. I really loved it — it's the kind of place you can come to for lunch and stay all day.
3.) THE BILTMORE ESTATE
Leading up to my visit, I solicited recommendations from friends on social media for things to do. The historic Biltmore Estate was one of the most frequently suggested places to visit.
I admit that at first I didn't quite get what all of the fuss was about, and after seeing the hefty $60 per person (!) price tag, I nearly skipped it entirely. However, I'm so glad I thought twice and ponied up the cash to see George Vanderbilt's historic hundred-year old property.
The Biltmore Estate is on a stunning 8,000-acres set in the pristine North Carolina mountains. The whole attraction is essentially a small city, with roads, villages, thousands of employees and more. It's made up of the 250-room mansion, an elaborate garden (often considered one of the best gardens in the U.S.), Antler Hill Village featuring restaurants and a well-regarded winery, as well as the uber-luxurious Inn on Biltmore Estate.
In terms of the house itself, I was amazed how the inside of this architectural behemoth managed to feel as inviting and warm as it is grande. I truly loved visiting, and it was an experience I would highly recommend. (Note: if you book your tickets 7+ days in advance, $15 will get knocked off the ticket price. Also, leave yourself at least a half day to explore… your ticket gets you a basic self-guided tour of the mansion, free reign of the gardens and a complementary tasting at the Biltmore Winery.)
4.) THE GROVE PARK INN
Grand. That's the first word that comes to mind describing Omni's Grove Park Inn. “Magnificent” would be a close second. The historic lodge-like resort has been designed on the grandest scale, with the most magnificent attentions to detail. Most magnificent of all is the view.
The surrounding area is gorgeously mountainous and each night guests gather on one of the hotel's many terraces. There seems to be no bad spot to overlook the sun as it sets on the nearby mountains. Champagne seems to be the drink of choice (there does seem to be something so magnificently celebratory about mother nature's nightly spectacle), but I opted for an Old Fashioned. After all, I was in the South… a heady bourbon drink seemed fitting.
I was lucky enough to spend one glorious night in a corner room at the Grove Park Inn. More on that in another post soon. But, needless to say, I really, really loved my stay.
5.) THE DRIVE
In most cases, having a 7 1/2-hour drive is not necessarily something to celebrate. But, in the case of Asheville, the journey truly was half the fun.
The drive from D.C. down the picturesque Route I-81 through Virginia's Blue Ridge Mountains is as entertaining as it is beautiful. There are countless places to stop, and our drive ballooned to 10+ hours as we stopped to explore historic Lexington (on my Best Places to Visit in 2014 list) and Natural Bridge.
I discovered that this is a drive that tempts you and encourages exploration, not one that's best served curled up asleep in the passenger seat. Over and over again, I was left staring out the window in wonder, thinking “It's like an Instagram photo… without the filter.” It's all just that beautiful.
Most women probably don't make a connection between how many male friends they have and how much sex they're having in their relationship. But a new study suggests that for evolutionary reasons, the former may in fact have a direct influence on the latter.
The research, which was recently published in the Journal of Comparative Psychology, suggests that a man who considers his partner attractive to others is likely to try to have more sex with his partner if he perceives that she has other males in her life.
Whether they know it or not, men perceive other males in their partner's life as sexual threats.
This is a result of what evolutionary psychologists call sperm competition, which simply means that a man will try harder to inseminate his partner if he thinks he has competition from potential sexual rivals. These men may be feeling romantic jealousy when they draw closer to their partners, but there's also at least one other force at work -- a subconscious desire to ensure that their sperm produces the most offspring.
For the study, 393 men in committed, sexually active, heterosexual relationships were recruited. Participants rated how sexually and physically attractive they found their partner, as well as how sexually and physically attractive they thought other men found their partner. They then listed how many male friends and co-workers their partner had, before reporting how many times they'd had sex with their partner in the past week.
As expected, the researchers found that couples had more sex when the woman had greater interaction with other men. This suggests that the number of sexual rivals in a woman's environment can cue sperm competition in her male partner, motivating him to initiate sex with her more frequently.
It's worth noting that this sample showed a skewed distribution, where, on average, men thought their partners were physically and sexually attractive to others as well as themselves. The study was also limited in that the researchers didn't know which partner actually initiated sex -- they just knew that these couples had sex more frequently. (Female-initiated sex, obviously, isn't a male sperm competition tactic.)
This behavior isn't unique to human males -- many animals do the same thing.
"The reason we specifically predicted this is because there's a huge amount of nonhuman literature showing that male animals, for example mice or rats, become very interested in having sex with their partner when they see their partner interacting with other males," Todd K. Shackelford, professor and chair of psychology at Oakland University and a co-author of the study, told The Huffington Post. "They don't even have to see them having sex with other males. It's just the presence."
Even though modern birth control methods have largely decoupled sex from reproduction, Shackelford said it doesn't matter whether sexually jealous men actually produce more babies. The point, he said, is that modern humans evolved this way, and the psychological response still appears to be active in men today.
According to Shackelford, it's highly unlikely men even know they're acting out of Darwinian jealousy when they initiate sex as a result of sperm competition. As he noted, this pattern of behavior is observed in various species, from mice to birds to insects. Since the competitive urge presumably makes itself felt at the brain's lower levels for these animals, it likely works the same way in humans.
While this knowledge may not help you navigate a romantic relationship, it's still useful.
That doesn't mean there aren't pragmatic takeaways from these findings, particularly in the field of medical fertility. Shackelford said that, since men provide semen for use in human fertility treatments, medical professionals can capitalize on the high-quality ejaculate that's produced under conditions of sperm competition.
The example Shackelford gave had to do with the porn men could watch when they provide semen samples. If you ask one man to provide a masturbatory ejaculate while watching a scene of multiple men having sex with one woman, and ask another man to do it while watching a scene of one man having sex with multiple women, you'll find that the quality of to ejaculate is higher in man who observed the sperm competition environment, i.e. the former scenario.
Perhaps most importantly, Shackelford said that his findings about human male sperm competition could provide insight into instances of sexual violence and nonconsensual sex. In 2005, he co-authored a study whose findings suggested a correlation between a man being sexually coercive in the context of a long-term romantic relationship and the degree to which the man perceived his partner to have been unfaithful to him.
Those findings, in turn, speak to Shackelford's more recent work suggesting that the more males a woman is friends with, the more sexual rivals her partner perceives himself to have.
Shackelford acknowledged this as a limitation of his more recent study, since the sex these couples were having could very well have been, as he put it, "part of a broader anti-cuckoldry strategy" on the part of the males. In other words, a man who's worried about sexual rivals might consciously make the decision to initiate sex more often, to make sure his partner is sexually satisfied and won't look outside the relationship. It's not clear, for now, to what extent the couples in Shackelford's study were having more frequent sex because the men were making a conscious choice to initiate more, and to what extent the men were simply responding to subconscious biological imperatives. (And again, it's not even clear how often the men in these couples were the ones initiating sex.)
It's been almost 18 years since tennis player Mirjana Lucic-Baroni played in a Grand Slam semifinal. So what is she up to now? Enjoying her post-tennis career as a commentator, perhaps? Nope. She's playing in the Australian Open after several years away from the game. And she made it all the way to the semifinals, before losing to world No. 2 Serena Williams.
It has been such a feel-good story that Williams, who is tied with Steffi Graf for most Grand Slam singles titles in the Open era, called her an inspiration after the match.
Lucic-Baroni was 17 when she played in her last Grand Slam semifinal, in 1999 at Wimbledon. Since then, the Croatian has spent many years away from professional tennis after alleging that her father was abusive and stole some of her money. Soon before she played at Wimbledon in 1999, she fled Croatia and her father — who had been her coach.
With Lucic-Baroni reaching her second ever Grand Slam semi-final, we're throwing it back to her first at #Wimbledon 1999...
Those rallies 😮 pic.twitter.com/ZaZUlg4hvi — Wimbledon (@Wimbledon) January 25, 2017
When she was 16 years old and ranked No. 50 in the world, she said, “There have been more beatings than anyone can imagine,” according to the New York Times. In response, her father, Marinko Lucic, said, ‘'I never used excessive force, and if I did give her the occasional slap, it was because of her behavior.”
She had more financial problems in 2003, when her former management company sued her and her family for unpaid loans. The suit still hasn't been resolved.
Regarding the accusation that her father and his nephew had stolen her money, her father responded that his nephew, Milan Lucic, was a wealthy businessman who “had sponsored Mirjana and supported the rest of her family, paying their living costs and making repairs to their home in Makarska while she trained and traveled on the junior circuit,” the New York Times reported in 1998.
After years of turmoil and hard work, the 79th ranked Lucic-Baroni — who hyphenated her surname after marrying Daniele Baroni in 2011 — was rewarded financially. She made $680,000 for making the semifinals. If she had made it to the finals and lost, she would have made $1.4 million. And if she had won the tournament? She'd have gotten a check for $2.8 million.
But she was rewarded in ways more important than money too. After winning her quarterfinal match on Tuesday night, she was asked about all she's been through in her life. She started crying and said, “I never could dream about being here again. I will never ever ever forget this day. This has truly made my life and everything bad that happened, it has made it okay.”
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Information on fingerprints will now be shared with United States authorities under a new agreement aimed at fighting cross-border crime.
Justice Minister Judith Collins has formalised the agreement, which builds on the co-operation New Zealand already provides through Interpol, as well as mutual assistance legislation between New Zealand and the US.
"Long-standing co-operation between our two nations has been vital in enhancing our security, and protecting New Zealanders from transnational crimes, which can range from drug smuggling to online child sexual abuse," Collins said.
"This agreement recognises that information sharing is essential in the fight against cross-border crime."
The agreement will allow authorities to share information - to the extent permitted by each country's laws - to prevent, detect and investigate crimes with a penalty of a year or more in prison.
Under the agreement, authorities will be allowed to check whether fingerprints related to a specific case are also held by their overseas counterparts.
If there is a match, they can share information about whose fingerprints they are - if there's no match, no information will be shared.
The foreign affairs, defence and trade select committee recommended the Government publicly report how often New Zealand authorities and their US counterparts shared information under the agreement.
Collins confirmed this would happen.
New Zealand is one of 36 countries to sign such agreements with the United States, as part of the US' visa-waiver programme.
Nearly 130,000 New Zealand residents travelled to the US in the year to July 2013.
Legislative changes will be required to incorporate the treaty obligations into domestic law.
Those provisions will be included in the Organised Crime and Anti-Corruption Legislation Bill, which is expected to be introduced to Parliament later this year.
Blade Runner 2049 earned $15.1 million in its second weekend of domestic release. That's a 55% drop from last weekend for a $60m ten-day total. And, like everything else about Blade Runner 2049, it's a relative disaster precisely due to its obscene $155m+ budget. No, Warner Bros./Time Warner Inc. didn't put up that money (it's an Alcon Entertainment/Sony production), but to the extent that overseas box office still follows domestic box office (more than you think), this does not bode well for its overseas haul. But if this were either a much cheaper film or a big movie coming off a much-bigger opening weekend, a 55% drop or a $60m ten-day total (and $158m worldwide cume) wouldn't be too bad.
For all the talk about how audiences rejecting Blade Runner 2049 amounts to a rejection of quality cinema and all that nonsense, the film will outgross Blade Runner, Gattaca, Arrival, Ex Machina, Dark City and any number of high-brow sci-fi films that were more written about than seen. This is entirely about spending way too much money on a film with explicit niche appeal and then being shocked that Film Twitter excitement didn't translate to general audience interest. It's another case of conventional wisdom about what makes money being more powerful than what actually makes money. Still, since the world doesn't need a new Blade Runner cinematic universe, one-and-done is good enough for those who loved the movie.
Ironically enough, Warner Bros. is doing just fine with its other long, R-rated, nostalgia-driven offering. It earned $6.05 million (-39%) in its sixth weekend for a $314.929m domestic cume. So we're looking at a final North American total somewhere between Suicide Squad ($325m) and Spider-Man: Homecoming ($333m). At a glance, the film should cross $327m (making it, adjusted for inflation, bigger than World War Z, I Am Legend and War of the Worlds among big-scale scary movies) and may end its run just over/under the $330m domestic total of Batman v Superman. And, all things considered, it is not remotely a guarantee that Justice League will be able to topple Pennywise from its arbitrary perch. So yeah, this $35m offering is a gigantic hit, with $631m worldwide thus far. And not to be outdone, Annabelle: Creation crossed $300m worldwide this weekend.
20th Century Fox's The Mountain Between Us earned just $5.65 million (-46%) in its second weekend. That gives the $35m Idris Elba/Kate Winslet survival drama a $20.5m ten-day cume. Universal/Comcast Corp.'s American Made grossed $5.423m (-36%) in its third weekend, which is a solid hold. The $50m Tom Cruise drama now has a $40.1m 17-day domestic cume and $112m worldwide. That's not blockbuster business, but it's still a cheaper, non-franchise/non-fantasy star vehicle that should be modestly profitable. Fox's Kingsman: The Golden Circle earned $5.315m (-39%) in its fourth weekend, giving Matthew Vaughn's action sequel an $89.65m 24-day domestic cume. The film is going strong overseas, with $287m worldwide on a $104m budget. So yeah, especially if Murder on the Orient Express or The Greatest Showman stumble, we can expect a Kingsman 3.
The LEGO Ninjago Movie earned $4.315 million (-38%) in its fourth weekend for a $51.577m 24-day total. Once again, this one isn't doing very well, which is doubly concerning for Warner Bros. as LEGO movies haven't thus far broken out overseas. Speaking of underperforming animation, My Little Pony sank like a stone on its second weekend, earning just $4m (-55%) for a $15.513m ten-day total. I'm sure Lionsgate will make money from the film, but we're not seeing the glorious birth of a new animated franchise. I'll let them break it to my kids this time around. I'm tired of having that conversation (RIP – Captain Underpants, Jem and the Holograms and The Huntsman).
Oh, and Victoria and Abdul continues to remain the only Oscar-y release that anyone gives a damn about. It earned $3.115 million (-25%) in 900 theaters for a $11.341m domestic and $40m worldwide. Too bad it's terrible (RIP, Battle of the Sexes), but that's for another day. Maybe The Florida Project ($401k in 33 theaters for a $12,156 per-location average) can buck the current trend. Next weekend is another super busy weekend, with Sony's Only the Brave (which had a national sneak preview last night) facing off against Lionsgate's Boo 2: A Madea Halloween, Universal's The Snowman (which earned $9m in early overseas debuts) and Warner Bros.' Geostorm (which also earned $9m overseas ahead of its domestic debut). There's something for everyone, unless you're a woman (who likes to see women in lead roles), so don't be shocked if Happy Death Day has a decent hold next weekend.
Have you ever seen a car on a public road and imagined it speeding around Silverstone or Monaco? Some cars are just crying out to be redesigned for a Formula One circuit, so we chose some of our favourites and did just that.
Toyota Prius
The Toyota Prius is somewhat of a green hero. It's petrol-electric technology and roomy interior have made it the car of choice for eco-conscious celebrities and families alike. Its in-vehicle camera and front-grille-mounted radar would also give the driver an edge when navigating around the race track.
Tesla Model S
The Tesla consistently outperforms most rivals and gives you all of the benefits of electric motoring without compromising on power and performance. One charge of the 60-kwh battery provides a range of up to 373 kilometres, more than enough to get around a Grand Prix track without needing to stop to refuel.
Subaru Impreza WRX Hatch
This car knows a thing or two about racing. Subaru's rally history is all over the design (the WRX stands for World Rally Experimental). The turbocharged engine and sport-tuned suspension make it a thrilling driving experience and a more-than-capable racing car.
Rolls-Royce Phantom
The iconic Phantom personifies British motoring. Rolls-Royce compares the car – hand-built in England – to a classy piece of fine jewellery. And with a 0-to-100kmph time of less than six seconds, it would be pretty quick off the grid.
Porsche 911
The Porsche 911 is a true motoring icon; through 50 years of development, it has become synonymous with style and performance. The current Turbo S model has a top speed of 330kmph and with a 0-to-100kmph time of 2.9 seconds, it would leave the other cars in the dust when the red lights of the starting-light gantry go out.
Audi R8
This four-wheel-drive supercar has motorsport coursing through every fibre of its carbon body and a top speed of 322kmph. The car's virtual cockpit needs to be seen to be believed: Take it from us, the navigation system alone would make this an awesome racing car.
Classic Ford Mustang
The Ford Mustang was an immediate hit when it was unleashed in 1964 and caught the imagination of an entire generation. By 1971, even James Bond had one. The Las Vegas chase in Diamonds Are Forever is all the proof you need that this car would make an excellent F1 racer.
Smart car
This tiny vehicle marked a new way of nipping around the city. At just 2.7 metres from nose to tail, it's not immediately what you would expect to see on the F1 circuit, but with its three-cylinder engine and its small dimensions, it's not hard to imagine it weaving its way through heavy traffic on a race track.
Jeep
This off-road beast cruises comfortably over any landscape. It's an automotive icon with a heritage tracing back to World War II. Built for rough terrain, its ability to balance speed between the left and right wheels would also give it excellent traction on an F1 circuit.
Next time you're watching a Grand Prix, imagine these around-town cars being thrown into the mix. With a little bit of a remodel, we're sure they'd fit right in.
Disclaimer
Blog article and the images contained are not endorsed, authorised or sponsored by the copyright/trademark owners of any of the images used. The images used are licenced under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International Licence – www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0
This post was brought to you by Budget Direct Car Insurance
Image caption The UN was unable to protect refugees in Srebrenica
Four Bosnian Serbs have been sentenced to a total of 142 years in prison for their role in the Srebrenica massacre.
Bosnia's war crimes court sentenced Franc Kos and Zoran Goronja to 40 years in jail, Stanko Kojic to 43 years and Vlastimir Golijan to 19 years.
Between them they killed some 800 Muslim Bosniaks over the course of five hours on one day in 1995.
The Srebrenica massacre that year was the worst atrocity in Europe since the end of World War II.
More than 8,000 Bosniak men and boys from Srebrenica were killed after the town was overrun by Bosnian Serb forces in July of that year.
'Crime against humanity'
The judge said that the killings had taken taken place between 10:00 and 16:00 on 16 July 1995, and that the soldiers - who served with the Bosnian Serb army's 10th Commando Unit - had stopped for lunch during the killings.
Their unit was founded by former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic, currently on trial for genocide at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague.
The jail terms given to the four soldiers for crimes against humanity were the longest ever handed down by the Bosnian war crimes court, Reuters reports.
All were acquitted of genocide charges, as there was insufficient evidence about intent.
In his verdict, judge Mira Smajlovic said that the men and boys killed by the four ranged in age from 16 years of age to over 80.
"The panel of judges has established that the accused committed a crime against humanity," Mr Smajlovic said.
One of those who took part in the killings - Vlastimir Golijan - was under 21 at the time of the massacre.
The man given the longest sentence - Stanko Kojic - had boasted to the others about the number of people he had killed, the judge said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Philippe Coutinho has been given no assurances that he will be allowed to leave Liverpool next summer.
The Brazilian is said to be distraught at not being able to join Barcelona this summer, Liverpool turning down three bids, the last one amounting to around £140million.
But unlike Luis Suarez, who was also being courted by a number of clubs, including Barcelona and Arsenal, in 2013, there has been no compromise.
Suarez was told he could go if a suitable offer came in the following summer and ended up joining Barça for £65million, 12 months later.
(Image: Rex Features)
This time, Liverpool's owners, Fenway Sports Group, have made no similar promise, determined to keep their best players at Anfield. That has upset Coutinho who has recovered from a mystery back injury to join up with Brazil for two World Cup qualifiers.
Samba teammate Neymar has revealed that the 25-year-old forward is full of angst.
He said: “Instead of being a happy time for him and for his family, it's a moment of anguish, disappointment and sadness.”
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Coutinho scored in Brazil's 2-0 win over Ecuador after coming off the bench and is set to pay against Colombia on Tuesday night before returning to Merseyside.
Reds boss Jurgen Klopp then has the challenge of motivating him for Liverpool's challenge for the Premier League title.
First up are big rivals Manchester City at the Etihad on Saturday.
Canada's free trade deal with the European Union will form the basis for a swift transition to a post-Brexit trading relationship between Canada and the U.K., Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his British counterpart Theresa May suggested Monday.
Trudeau and May spoke to reporters after a late-morning meeting on Parliament Hill.
The two leaders told reporters they agreed to a "seamless" transition of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) between the European Union and Canada after the U.K. leaves the EU and is no longer a party to that agreement.
The U.K. is Canada's biggest export partner in Europe.
May said her government will be putting together a "working group" with Canada on a new trade deal, with CETA as the basis.
'The UK cannot start negotiating any trade agreement until 2019' after Brexit, says EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom. 6:32
"We believe it makes sense to take the trade agreements the U.K. is part of as part of the European Union with Canada and say that's the basis, at the point we leave, for a bilateral relationship between the U.K. and Canada," she said.
"Of course, over time, it would then be possible if we chose to change the details of that relationship to do so."
May said the U.K. has already discussed this with the EU.
PM Justin Trudeau and U.K. PM Theresa May discuss the transition required for future trade between Canada and the U.K. in a post-Brexit world. 1:18
Trudeau agreed there could be changes to shape this new deal and make it particular to the relationship between Canada and the U.K. after the initial post-Brexit transition.
"We will be able to move forward in a smooth transition that keeps the essence of CETA applicable to the U.K. in ways that respect the EU's requirements and rules," he said.
CETA, which was approved in February after years of talks, officially comes into effect on Thursday.
In late March the U.K. triggered a two-year window to negotiate Brexit, although there's a possibility that could be extended.
A Massachusetts man has given new meaning to the phrase "out of your gourd."
Todd Sandstrum carved out a 817-pound pumpkin to kayak in down the Taunton River.
The Easton resident set out to travel seven miles, from Raynham to Taunton on Saturday, Sept. 5, but the trip didn't go exactly as planned. After 90 minutes of paddling, he traveled less than the length of a football field due to low water levels. After reaching the halfway point of his journey, Sanstrum switched his watercraft to a boat with the pumpkin in tow.
"I'm still in awe of the amount of pain that I pushed through to get it done," he told The Enterprise.
Despite the bumps in his journey, the 42-year-old believes he set a new Guinness World Record for the longest journey in a pumpkin watercraft. His travels must be verified by the organization before he's put into the record books.
While his trek was in the water, Sandstrum seeks to encourage children to get their hands in the dirt. He runs the annual South Shore Great Pumpkin Challenge, in which Massachusetts schools seek to grow the largest pumpkin.
ZAGREB (Reuters) - The mayor of Croatia's capital city was charged on Friday with misusing public funds, a blow to the career of one of the country's most prominent politicians.
The state prosecutor's office said it had indicted Zagreb Mayor Milan Bandic and two associates of misusing 308,000 kunas ($45,000) of the city's money.
Bandic was arrested in October and stood aside to let his deputy run the city, home to a quarter of Croatia's 4.4 million people and the economic capital of the former Yugoslav republic. He has denied any wrongdoing.
The prosecutor's office said at the time that it was investigating “a number of corruption crimes” so it was not immediately clear if Friday's indictment would be followed by others.
The indictment, posted on the prosecutor's website, says Bandic illegally funded a local civic group as it was seeking a referendum to change the way members of parliament are elected.
Bandic, 59, mayor since 2000, was a member of the current ruling party, the Social Democrats, but quit in 2009 to run for president, losing in the second round.
He has spoken of forming a new party to contest this year's parliamentary election where economic recession and high unemployment will test the Social Democrats' hold on power.
Croatia launched an anti-corruption drive in 2010 to boost its bid to join the European Union, which it did in 2013. It has convicted several top officials, including former prime minister Ivo Sanader.
($1 = 6.7563 kuna)
(This is an informal and code heavy version of the full tidy data paper. Please refer to that for more details.)
The principles of tidy data provide a standard way to organise data values within a dataset. A standard makes initial data cleaning easier because you don't need to start from scratch and reinvent the wheel every time. The tidy data standard has been designed to facilitate initial exploration and analysis of the data, and to simplify the development of data analysis tools that work well together. Current tools often require translation. You have to spend time munging the output from one tool so you can input it into another. Tidy datasets and tidy tools work hand in hand to make data analysis easier, allowing you to focus on the interesting domain problem, not on the uninteresting logistics of data.
It is often said that 80% of data analysis is spent on the cleaning and preparing data. And it's not just a first step, but it must be repeated many times over the course of analysis as new problems come to light or new data is collected. To get a handle on the problem, this paper focuses on a small, but important, aspect of data cleaning that I call data tidying : structuring datasets to facilitate analysis.
While the order of variables and observations does not affect analysis, a good ordering makes it easier to scan the raw values. One way of organising variables is by their role in the analysis: are values fixed by the design of the data collection, or are they measured during the course of the experiment? Fixed variables describe the experimental design and are known in advance. Computer scientists often call fixed variables dimensions, and statisticians usually denote them with subscripts on random variables. Measured variables are what we actually measure in the study. Fixed variables should come first, followed by measured variables, each ordered so that related variables are contiguous. Rows can then be ordered by the first variable, breaking ties with the second and subsequent (fixed) variables. This is the convention adopted by all tabular displays in this paper.
Tidy data makes it easy for an analyst or a computer to extract needed variables because it provides a standard way of structuring a dataset. Compare the different versions of the pregnancy data: in the messy version you need to use different strategies to extract different variables. This slows analysis and invites errors. If you consider how many data analysis operations involve all of the values in a variable (every aggregation function), you can see how important it is to extract these values in a simple, standard way. Tidy data is particularly well suited for vectorised programming languages like R, because the layout ensures that values of different variables from the same observation are always paired.
This is Codd's 3rd normal form, but with the constraints framed in statistical language, and the focus put on a single dataset rather than the many connected datasets common in relational databases. Messy data is any other arrangement of the data.
Tidy data is a standard way of mapping the meaning of a dataset to its structure. A dataset is messy or tidy depending on how rows, columns and tables are matched up with observations, variables and types. In tidy data :
Variables may change over the course of analysis. Often the variables in the raw data are very fine grained, and may add extra modelling complexity for little explanatory gain. For example, many surveys ask variations on the same question to better get at an underlying trait. In early stages of analysis, variables correspond to questions. In later stages, you change focus to traits, computed by averaging together multiple questions. This considerably simplifies analysis because you don't need a hierarchical model, and you can often pretend that the data is continuous, not discrete.
In a given analysis, there may be multiple levels of observation. For example, in a trial of new allergy medication we might have three observational types: demographic data collected from each person ( age , sex , race ), medical data collected from each person on each day ( number of sneezes , redness of eyes ), and meteorological data collected on each day ( temperature , pollen count ).
For a given dataset, it's usually easy to figure out what are observations and what are variables, but it is surprisingly difficult to precisely define variables and observations in general. For example, if the columns in the pregnancy data were height and weight we would have been happy to call them variables. If the columns were height and width , it would be less clear-cut, as we might think of height and width as values of a dimension variable. If the columns were home phone and work phone , we could treat these as two variables, but in a fraud detection environment we might want variables phone number and number type because the use of one phone number for multiple people might suggest fraud. A general rule of thumb is that it is easier to describe functional relationships between variables (e.g., z is a linear combination of x and y , density is the ratio of weight to volume ) than between rows, and it is easier to make comparisons between groups of observations (e.g., average of group a vs. average of group b) than between groups of columns.
The experimental design tells us more about the structure of the observations. In this experiment, every combination of of name and treatment was measured, a completely crossed design. The experimental design also determines whether or not missing values can be safely dropped. In this experiment, the missing value represents an observation that should have been made, but wasn't, so it's important to keep it. Structural missing values, which represent measurements that can't be made (e.g., the count of pregnant males) can be safely removed.
n , with five or six values depending on how you think of the missing value (1, 4, 6, 7, 18, NA)
This makes the values, variables and observations more clear. The dataset contains 18 values representing three variables and six observations. The variables are:
A tidy version of the pregnancy data looks like this: (you'll learn how the functions work a little later)
A dataset is a collection of values , usually either numbers (if quantitative) or strings (if qualitative). Values are organised in two ways. Every value belongs to a variable and an observation . A variable contains all values that measure the same underlying attribute (like height, temperature, duration) across units. An observation contains all values measured on the same unit (like a person, or a day, or a race) across attributes.
The data is the same, but the layout is different. Our vocabulary of rows and columns is simply not rich enough to describe why the two tables represent the same data. In addition to appearance, we need a way to describe the underlying semantics, or meaning, of the values displayed in the table.
There are many ways to structure the same underlying data. The following table shows the same data as above, but the rows and columns have been transposed.
Most statistical datasets are data frames made up of rows and columns . The columns are almost always labeled and the rows are sometimes labeled. The following code provides some data about an imaginary experiment in a format commonly seen in the wild. The table has two columns and three rows, and both rows and columns are labeled.
Like families, tidy datasets are all alike but every messy dataset is messy in its own way. Tidy datasets provide a standardized way to link the structure of a dataset (its physical layout) with its semantics (its meaning). In this section, I'll provide some standard vocabulary for describing the structure and semantics of a dataset, and then use those definitions to define tidy data.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way — Leo Tolstoy
Tidying messy datasets
Real datasets can, and often do, violate the three precepts of tidy data in almost every way imaginable. While occasionally you do get a dataset that you can start analysing immediately, this is the exception, not the rule. This section describes the five most common problems with messy datasets, along with their remedies:
Column headers are values, not variable names.
Multiple variables are stored in one column.
Variables are stored in both rows and columns.
Multiple types of observational units are stored in the same table.
A single observational unit is stored in multiple tables.
Surprisingly, most messy datasets, including types of messiness not explicitly described above, can be tidied with a small set of tools: gathering, separating and spreading. The following sections illustrate each problem with a real dataset that I have encountered, and show how to tidy them.
Despite an initial reluctance from lawmakers to authorize the Defense Department to conduct a new round of Base Realignment and Closure, some members of Congress are becoming more receptive to the idea.
The Army plans to reduce its force to 490,000 by the end of fiscal 2015. But Katherine Hammack, assistant secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy and Environment, says shrinking forces won't be enough to match sequestration-level budgets.
“As we're being asked to shrink the size of the Army in terms of manpower, we need to shrink the size of the Army in terms of bases,” Hammack said on In Depth on Francis Rose. “We can't reduce our operating costs without reducing our footprint.”
The Army's average cost for operating infrastructure is about $3 per square foot. Through a macro analysis, the service determined that its current infrastructure is 18 percent more than necessary to support a force size of 490,000. The Army estimates that the 18 percent excess infrastructure amounts to $500 million in excess costs.
Advertisement
Hammack says the next step is a micro analysis that reveals which specific bases can be consolidated.
“Unfortunately, we can't do that level of analysis without authorization from Congress,” she said.
A number of lawmakers are hesitant to authorize BRAC because of the previous round in 2005. During the restructuring, DoD's costs spiked initially but saved the department millions in the long run.
“When the Army shrinks, we are going to have holes — sort of like Swiss cheese on our bases,” Hammack said. “You will have under-utilized or un-utilized buildings that could be of benefit elsewhere.”
Under the Army's jurisdiction, the unused infrastructure presents a burden on taxpayers. But if the service closes some of its facilities, the buildings can provide value to surrounding communities.
Hammack says a number of state and local governors, as well as congressmen, are expressing support for BRAC and recognizing the potential advantages.
“We have to remind people that yes, there might be a dip for a period of time, but there are positives there,” Hammack said.
RELATED STORIES:
With budget cuts looming, officials struggle to make case to maintain large Army
Army spends $500 million per year on vacant facilities
DoD ties another round of BRAC to sizable civilian personnel cuts
Copyright © 2019 Federal News Network. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.
A ruling from the Wisconsin Supreme Court Tuesday sets a new standard for how police can justify a traffic stop.
Police found marijuana in Richard Houghton's car after they stopped him for having an air freshener and a GPS unit on his dashboard that allegedly obstructed his view. A lower court ruled the items on the dashboard were not illegal and therefore the stop and the search violated Houghton's rights.
But Tuesday's ruling says in some cases it's reasonable for an officer to misinterpret traffic regulations. Hanna Schieber Jurss, a state public defender who wrote an amicus brief in the case, said the ruling gives police officers too much leeway in deciding whether a traffic stop is legal.
"The standard that our court has now adopted, in essence, forgives an officer's mistake if a reasonable judge could see why the officer was confused," she said.
Schieber Jurss said that means motorists may be stopped even if they haven't violated any law. Houghton's attorney Andrew Walter agrees:
"I don't know how citizens can avoid being stopped because now it's not enough to follow the law," Walter said. "You also have to make sure your conduct is within this broader prohibition of things where an officer might believe is illegal even when it's not."
Walter called the ruling a significant reduction in the liberties of all state residents.
The court's 5-2 ruling written by Justice David Prosser notes that the court is adopting a new standard for how traffic stops can be justified. In defending the ruling, Prosser cited a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling that sets the same standard Wisconsin is now adopting. That case, Heien v. North Carolina was decided last year.
Writing for the majority, Chief Justice John Roberts said, "The question here is whether reasonable suspicion can rest on a mistaken understanding of the scope of a legal prohibition. We hold that it can."
That case involved a motorist stopped for a missing brake light. The stop led to a search that resulted in the discovery of a bag of cocaine.
But attorney Walter said there is no requirement that the Wisconsin court follow the U.S. Supreme Court's interpretation of the 4th Amendment protection against unreasonable search and seizure. He notes that the high court ruling also made it clear that such cases where searches are justified on the basis of an officer's mistaken interpretation of law should be very rare and that most mistakes of law are not going to be reasonable.
The former psychiatrist in chief for Johns Hopkins Hospital is pouring rain on the Bruce Jenner “Call Me Caitlyn” parade that's sure to have the former Olympic athlete's cheerleaders steaming.
Not only does Dr. Paul R. McHugh consider changing sexes “biologically impossible,” he thinks being what is popularly called “transgender” these days is actually a “mental disorder.”
McHugh, who has authored six books and at least 125 peer-reviewed medical journal articles, made the statements in a piece he penned for the Wall Street Journal that argued surgery is not the solution for patients who want to live life as the opposite sex.
Such people, he wrote, suffer from a “disorder of assumption” in believing they can choose their sex.
He also cited a study that said transgendered people who have reassignment surgery are 20 times more likely to commit suicide than non-transgendered people, according to CNS News.
While the Obama administration, Hollywood and major media such as Time magazine promote transgenderism as “normal,” McHugh wrote, said Dr. McHugh, these “policymakers and the media are doing no favors either to the public or the transgendered by treating their confusions as a right in need of defending rather than as a mental disorder that deserves understanding, treatment and prevention.” “This intensely felt sense of being transgendered constitutes a mental disorder in two respects. The first is that the idea of sex misalignment is simply mistaken – it does not correspond with physical reality,” McHugh wrote. “The second is that it can lead to grim psychological outcomes.” The transgendered person's disorder, said Dr. McHugh, is in the person's “assumption” that they are different than the physical reality of their body, their maleness or femaleness, as assigned by nature. It is a disorder similar to a “dangerously thin” person suffering anorexia who looks in the mirror and thinks they are “overweight,” said McHugh. This assumption, that one's gender is only in the mind regardless of anatomical reality, has led some transgendered people to push for social acceptance and affirmation of their own subjective “personal truth,” said Dr. McHugh. As a result, some states – California, New Jersey, and Massachusetts – have passed laws barring psychiatrists, “even with parental permission, from striving to restore natural gender feelings to a transgender minor,” he said. The pro-transgender advocates do not want to know, said McHugh, that studies show between 70% and 80% of children who express transgender feelings “spontaneously lose those feelings” over time. Also, for those who had sexual reassignment surgery, most said they were “satisfied” with the operation “but their subsequent psycho-social adjustments were no better than those who didn't have the surgery.” “And so at Hopkins we stopped doing sex-reassignment surgery, since producing a ‘satisfied' but still troubled patient seemed an inadequate reason for surgically amputating normal organs,” said Dr. McHugh. The former Johns Hopkins chief of psychiatry also warned against enabling or encouraging certain subgroups of the transgendered, such as young people “susceptible to suggestion from ‘everything is normal' sex education,” and the schools' “diversity counselors” who, like “cult leaders,” may “encourage these young people to distance themselves from their families and offer advice on rebutting arguments against having transgender surgery.” Dr. McHugh also reported that there are “misguided doctors” who, working with very young children who seem to imitate the opposite sex, will administer “puberty-delaying hormones to render later sex-change surgeries less onerous – even though the drugs stunt the children's growth and risk causing sterility.” Such action comes “close to child abuse,” said Dr. McHugh, given that close to 80% of those kids will “abandon their confusion and grow naturally into adult life if untreated ….”
He went on to write that changing sexes is impossible and that what transgendered people actually do is “become feminized men or masculinized women.”
While there are scientists who disagree, it is important to question whether health professionals, politicians and the media are doing more harm than good by enabling people who believe they were born the wrong sex to go to such extremes.
For millennia, the first rule of Western medicine has been summed up as “do no harm.”
There's a reason for that.
Unmasking The Meaning And Marital Disputes Behind Mumbo Jumbo
Enlarge this image toggle caption DeAgostini/Getty Images DeAgostini/Getty Images
EDITOR'S NOTE: Here at Code Switch, we take a look each week at a word or phrase that's caught our attention, whether for its history, usage, or just because it has an interesting story. You can see the full series here.
"Bureaucratic mumbo jumbo," "legal mumbo jumbo" and "religious mumbo jumbo" are all phrases used to describe language or a set of rules and regulations that are deliberately confusing.
The term "mumbo jumbo" has a history that dates back centuries and traces its roots to Africa.
Historians and etymologists say the exact origin of the word is uncertain, but the Mandinka word "Maamajomboo," which referred to a masked male dancer who took part in religious ceremonies is often cited as the source of 'mumbo jumbo' in English. (The Mandinka people of West Africa make up the largest ethnic group in what is now Ghana.)
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, Francis Moore, a former clerk with the Royal African Company, first used the phrase in 1738 in the book "Travels In The Interior Districts of Africa." In the book, Moore writes the Mandinka practiced polygamy and that disputes between a husband and wife (or between wives) were resolved by the masked figure, who would dance, chant and shriek outside the homes of the offenders before making a decision and resolving the conflict. Punishment sometimes meant a beating administered by none other than the mumbo jumbo himself.
Moore describes what he claimed to have seen such a display himself, "On the 6th of May, at Night, I was vilified by a Mumbo Jumbo, an Idol, which is among the Mundingos a kind of cunning Myftery (mystery)."
When the 'mumbo jumbo' was in costume, he appeared to be twice the size of an ordinary person. That, along with the fact that he was authorized to whip women (and it should be noted that women were the usual victims of this punishment) created an atmosphere of fear and anxiety. In his own words, Moore describes the creature as "a dreadful Bugbear to the women, call'd the Mumbo-Jumbo, which is what keeps women in awe."
Over sixty years later, the Scottish explorer Mungo Park would note that the mumbo jumbo was "much employed by the Pagan natives in keeping their women in subjection." Park added the mumbo jumbo was "always decisive."
The 1896 edition of Farmer and Henley's "Slang and its Analogues" described mumbo jumbo as a "grotesque bogy or idol supposedly worshipped in Africa." The definition from the 1966 edition of the Oxford Dictionary of English Etymology was almost identical to that of Farmer and Henley's, mumbo-jumbo was a "grotesque idol said to have been worshipped by African Negroes."
A reference to mumbo jumbo appears in the classic 1899 children's book Little Black Sambo, which featured a dark-skinned South Indian named Sambo whose parents are named "Black Mumbo" and "Black Jumbo."
It wasn't until the early 20th century that the meaning of mumbo jumbo began to shift into what we know today, which is what Merriam-Webster defines as "unnecessarily involved and incomprehensible language."
A good example of this definition is the 1923 book "Mumbo Jumbo" by Henry Clews, Jr. in which the protagonist rails against just about everything. A review in the Spectator noted the book featured a "torrent of invective against everything modern, and principally against science, democracy, votes for women and modem art."
In a 1973 novel also called "Mumbo Jumbo," African-American author Ishmael Reed delved into the history of the term. (This novel turned out to be among Reed's most successful works and a finalist for the National Book Award). He noted the phrase originally referred to a "magician who makes the troubled spirits of the ancestors go away." Throughout the book, Reed tries to connect black Americans in the present with their African past.
In one of the book's many powerful scenes, Reed describes a group of African masks sitting on a desk. "They had been removed to Europe by the slavers, traders and sailors who had taken gunpowder and uniforms to Africa," Reed wrote. The punch line was that all of the 'exotic' masks were cartoonish portrayals of whites who had traveled to the continent with the intention of exploiting its riches.
"They did not realize that the joke was on them," Reed continued. "After all, how could 'primitive' people possess wit."
Lakshmi Gandhi is a freelance journalist and researcher based in New York City.
It now appears that the FBI has been investigating the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation for more than a year. This casts the informal meeting last summer on an airplane between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch in an even worse light than before. As one reader puts it:
It would seem rather inappropriate [for Attorney General Lynch] to be meeting with someone without staff if the person is not just the husband of a subject of an FBI investigation, but actually a subject (or head of a subject) under FBI investigation.
Indeed.
Keep in mind too that, according to multiple reports, the Justice Department has been pushing back hard against the FBI investigation of the Clinton Foundation. For example, when agents on the Foundation case sought emails contained on non-government laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, prosecutors in the Eastern District rejected the request.
As Andy McCarthy has pointed out, the Eastern District of New York was headed by Loretta Lynch until she became Attorney General less than two years ago. The prosecutors who said no to the FBI were Lynch's people.
When Lynch met with Bill Clinton, she would have known that the email investigation was just about over, but that the Clinton Foundation investigation was ongoing. If they discussed DOJ activities on the Clinton front, as Bill surely desired to, it's likely that both investigations came up.
In any event, the existence of the Foundation investigation makes the appearance of impropriety even more glaring.
Just after news of the airplane meeting broke, Lynch said that she would defer to James Comey's determination on whether to prosecute in the email case. She should now bow out of any role in determining the course or outcome of the Clinton Foundation investigation.
Lazy In America: An Incomplete Social History
Pop open a can of beer, pull up a deck chair and let's talk about laziness in America.
Did you hear about that Philadelphia teacher who was suspended earlier this year for calling her students "lazy whiners"? Have you seen that in the past few months there has been a spate of books published for lazy Americans, including The Lazy Gourmet and The Lazy Intellectual? Have you tried Lazy Cakes relaxation brownies, tasted Lazy Magnolia beer from Mississippi or heard Bruno Mars' catchy new Lazy Song?
toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
And look here. This is the recent American Time Use Survey, conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. It says Americans are working less (26 minutes a day less than in 2007) and goofing off more (sleeping and watching TV are on the increase).
Are we becoming a lazy nation?
Maybe the answer is found in how we choose to spend our leisure time. In this debate, as in so many others, we are two nations — those who believe that a day off should be used to improve ourselves and those who want to use their downtime to do nothing.
In the same way that "what we do" determines who we are, "what we don't do" also matters. And — help yourself to another beer — the question of how we use our leisure time gets at the heart of the American experience.
Laziness Promotes Invention
In earliest America, laziness was considered by many to be a vice. Or at least a luxury. This was the egalitarian New World where hard work could make dreams come true — if you didn't spend too much time dreaming. The Founding Fathers never foundered: They were always on the go.
All progress in society, since the beginning of time, has been driven by lazy people looking to avoid work.
"Determine never to be idle," Thomas Jefferson said. "It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Jefferson was such a multitasker, he famously kept books within reach at Monticello so he could read while he waited for guests to gather for dinner.
Benjamin Franklin let it be known early on how he planned to use his days off. "Leisure is the time for doing something useful," he said. "This leisure the diligent person will obtain, the lazy one never."
But by the time the 20th century rolled around, some people were beginning to argue that a little laziness was not all bad.
"Laziness promotes invention," the Los Angeles Times reported in 1910. The article related the story of a kid who was assigned to monitor a water pump powered by a steam engine. His job was to watch a piston rod rise, and when it reached a certain point, he was to open a valve, release the steam and allow the process to start all over again.
"Now this boy was essentially lazy," the story explained. "He found this occupation monotonous in the extreme. And so it happened one day that his master came and found no boy, although to his astonishment the pump was working perfectly. The lazy boy had procured some pieces of iron, and with these he had made the engine work the valves automatically, thus giving him his freedom. And this was the first invention of an automatic steam engine."
This was during the era of William Howard Taft, who was president from 1909 to 1913. Presidential historian Richard Norton Smith says Taft "despised the political demands of the presidency, and became notorious for nodding off in Cabinet meetings and other events — once sleeping though an open car tour of New York City. Of course, his excessive weight and accompanying sleep apnea may have had something to do with it."
As Americans prospered, and increased industrialization led to more luxurious leisure time, some people believed that off hours provided an opportunity for self-improvement, through exercise or reading, for example. "After you have worked six, eight, ten or even twelve hours day, do not think your remaining hours can be wasted in pleasure," John Candee Dean wrote in the Indianapolis Star in 1920. "Do not waste your time at the 'movies,' at the theater or in the street. If you employ all your spare time well, you can not only become financially independent, but also a man of education."
A more productive couch potato? Reuben Brewer YouTube
Others believed that leisure time was the perfect time to do nothing. And in 1928, a couple of Michigan cousins in the furniture business capitalized on this national strain. Using orange crates, they designed a chair that tilted back in a daybeddish way. They took suggestions for the name of their new objet d'sloth: the Sit-N-Snooze, the Slack Back and the Comfort Carrier. Eventually they settled on a name that reflected the delighted self-image of some Americans: They called their soon-to-be-classic recliner the La-Z-Boy.
Americans began to take summer vacations. But often they didn't want to do anything. At a pre-summer meeting of resort operators at the University of New Hampshire in 1948, there was a general lament, according to the Boston Globe, "that many vacationists never get beyond the luxurious laziness of lounging on a porch where they can contemplate the beauty of a mountain, or a lake, or a peaceful village."
And at the epicenter of 20th-century American lazitude was the television set. In 1950, a few Zenith TV models featured the first remote control devices — called Lazy Bones. In 1954, Swanson created the "TV dinner." Lazy Americans sat in recliners, ate prefab dinners and enjoyed shows about other lazy Americans, such as Chester A. Riley in The Life of Riley and Maynard G. Krebs in The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis.
But always there was a parallel American voice that was alarmed by donothingness. In 1973, the rate of increase in American productivity had slowed down so much, the Department of Commerce launched a $10 million advertising campaign to encourage Americans to be more productive. "Americans didn't get rich by goofing off," was one of the ads.
That year Harry Bernstein wrote in the Los Angeles Times: "Some persons believe there is a greater tendency today to treat work more casually than in the past and that this represents a basic attitudinal change in workers, a new 'the hell-with-it' feeling."
Lazy In The 21st Century
toggle caption Library of Congress
Over the interim decades, the battle over how we spend our leisure time turned into an all-out war between two extreme camps — those who use it and those who snooze through it. The divisiveness continues today. Some Americans exercise religiously; others grow more obese. Some go to night schools; others are diverted by video games. Some believe that computers and the Internet have made us lazier; others aver that technology has increased our productivity.
And the debate, in very American fashion, has gotten even more complicated. "In the 21st century," says Sloan Gaon, CEO of the restaurant-delivery website Dotmenu.com, " 'being lazy' is about getting what you want, when you want it, delivered to you."
In fact, President Obama — himself a multitasking Jeffersonian type — waded into the issue in 2009 when he warned graduating seniors at Arizona State University that too much work in the pursuit of fancy trappings is not a good thing. "A relentless focus on the outward markers of success," Obama admonished, "can lead to complacency. It can make you lazy. We too often let the external, the material things, serve as indicators that we're doing well, even though something inside us tells us that we're not doing our best; that we're avoiding that which is hard but also necessary; that we're shrinking from, rather than rising to, the challenges of the age. And the thing is, in this new, hyper-competitive age, none of us — none of us — can afford to be complacent."
And so we are left on this Independence Day Weekend 2011 wondering what to do with our independence. Should we be lazy or leisurely or neither? "Laziness, oftentimes interchanged with leisureliness, has a negative connotation that suggests a person hasn't bought in to the utilitarian agenda," observes Daniel L. Dustin, chairman of the Parks, Recreation and Tourism Department at the University of Utah. "I think leisureliness refers to a pace of life that is not governed by the clock. It tends to run counter to the notions of economic efficiency, economies of scale, mass production, etc. Yet leisureliness to me suggests slowing down and milking life for all it is worth. I see it as a good thing."
Sounding a little Franklinian, Dustin says, "Our infatuation with time-saving devices does not suggest to me so much that we are lazy as it suggests that we place a great deal of emphasis on doing things quicker and more efficiently to save time. Indeed, I think Will Rogers said something to the effect that we rush through life to save time, but we have no idea what to do with the time we save."
toggle caption herbalcity.com/lazycakes
Businessman and blogger Fred Gratzon, on the other hand, sees the usefulness in laziness. "One can be lazy and accomplish nothing. However, one can also apply his or her God-given laziness to accomplish a great deal."
If you think about it, says Gratzon, creator of the LazyWay blog, "all progress in society, since the beginning of time, has been driven by lazy people looking to avoid work. For example, the first guy to put a sail on a boat was looking for a way to avoid rowing. The guy who first hitched a plow to an ox was looking for a way to escape digging. And whoever harnessed a waterfall to grind grain was too lazy to pound it with rocks. These types of people were considered lazy by their peers. But it was this laziness — this most sublime quality — that gave the world these advances.
He adds, "Those who declare laziness a vice must be jealous. And when a politician — or anyone — condemns laziness and claims he or she is 'working hard' to solve a problem, he is simply admitting that he is not smart enough or creative enough to find an easier — lazy — way of accomplishing what needs to be done."
Let's think about that for a while. Want another beer?
Don't expect to see Iron Fist's iconic green-and-yellow costume anytime soon. Showrunner Scott Buck has his reasons on why Danny Rand won't be putting on the classic garb, though, as outlined in the latest issue of SFX.
Subscribe to SFX now - in print or on digital from only £7
Like the majority of Marvel's Netflix lineup, Iron Fist won't be donning the costume which he is synonymous with… at least not yet, as Buck mentions in an interview with SFX Magazine, “There was no good reason we could imagine putting Danny Rand in a costume. Because Danny Rand is still discovering who he is as a hero and where he is going to be, so he's not yet ready to put on a mask or a costume.”
Having no mask, just like his fellow Hero for Hire Luke Cage, puts him at risk, as Buck goes on to say, “[A]t the same time he is someone who is rather well known as a billionaire, so he can't necessarily go out in public and do the things he does without being recognised. It does become an issue for the character.”
Iron Fist isn't sidestepping all of the character's iconic traits though. Iron Fist will still somewhat address the mystical side of things while leaving things hanging, as Buck explains, “We're trying to keep things extremely grounded and real and tell our stories through characters. So the mystical aspect is something we like to hint at, the idea that there is something bigger and larger out there, but we don't delve into it all that deeply.”
Read more about Netflix's Iron Fist in the latest issue of SFX magazine, on sale now. Buy future issues here.
Images: Netflix/Marvel & SFX Magazine
Featured numerous times by Apple, Risky's Revenge is Metacritic's highest rated handheld game (2010), and winner of IGN's Game of the Year (2010, NDS)!
About Shantae: Risky's Revenge
Prepare for a powder keg of high octane, hair-whipping, belly dancing, monster slaying action! Guide “half-genie” Shantae through haunted wastes, burning deserts, enchanted forests, and cavernous labyrinths. Discover magical attacks, brew zombie coffee, save golden babies, and shake Shantae's hips to transform into more powerful creatures. Use all of your powers to foil the lady pirate Risky Boots and rescue Sequin Land from certain doom!
Features:
-Use your hair to whip monsters and solve puzzles
-Belly dance to become a Monkey, Elephant, or Mermaid
-Battle epic bosses and upgrade your powers
-3 save slots for multiple players
-Includes thousands of frames of animation
-Flirtatious storyline and humorous characters
-Retina display and Game Center support
-A quest so big it's bursting at the seams!
Game Controller support requires iOS 7 or later and is compatible with iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, and iPod touch (5th generation).
By Kevin Minkus (@kevinminkus)
2016 in Review
By most accounts, the 2015 MLS Cup runners-up had a pretty poor 2016. A team that was generally expected to contend for a Supporters' Shield and a championship finished the season 9th in the East on 36 points. During a stretch to start the year that saw them win just two games in 11, they jettisoned their Best XI forward, Kei Kamara, for feuding with their best chance creator, Federico Higuain. Higuain then sat out 14 games throughout the rest of the season with injury issues stemming from a sports hernia.
In spite of this turmoil on offense, the team's real problems were on the other end of the field. The Crew gave up three or more goals 11 times, and their 58 total goals allowed was second worst in the league, though they were only fifth worst in expected goals allowed. The fact that Columbus is a possession oriented team means that they generally surrender few shots- in 2016, they allowed only about 12 shots per game. But the shots they did give up tended to be higher quality chances.
Cohesion on the back line was a big part of these defensive woes. TAM-level centerback Gaston Sauro went down with a knee injury in May, sidelining him until August. This on top of a hamstring issue in April meant he only played 13 games all season, a pretty disappointing number for fans who hoped to see the 2015 playoff partnership of him and Michael Parkhurst continue to coalesce. Instead, journeyman Tyson Wahl was pressed into the starting lineup, and the results were not good. This combined with a left back platoon between Waylon Francis and Corey Ashe, made consistency difficult for mainstays Parkhurst and Harrison Afful.
But there were some bright spots. Even with Higuain off the field, Columbus's offense was one of MLS's best. Many casual fans of the league might not have noticed while the team was fighting to stay out of the cellar, but Ola Kamara, who didn't get his first start until May, was fantastic. His 1.0 xG + xA per 96 minutes was the highest rate among players with more than 500 minutes. With Justin Meram and Ethan Finlay, who recorded 14.4 and 13.4 xG+xA respectively, the trio made up the only set of three teammates to land in the top 25 for xG + xA.
Though the Crew only scored 50 goals, they led the league with 58.5 expected goals. This underperformance was the second greatest in the league, and it's a mostly safe bet it won't continue into 2017.
Offseason Additions/Subtractions
Biggest Subtractions:
Michael Parkhurst - In one of the bigger surprises of the offseason, captain Michael Parkhurst was dealt to Atlanta United for allocation money. Most seem to agree it was smart, if painful, business, as Parkhurst, who just turned 33, appeared to be past his peak at times last season.
Mohammed Saeid - Few in Columbus wanted to see Saeid go, but such is the nature of expansion drafts. Saeid started 24 games for the Crew last season, mainly in the center of the midfield. The depth is there to adequately replace him, but it's always risky dropping a known commodity in MLS for the unknown.
Steve Clark - The Crew let their veteran goalkeeper walk after three seasons with the team. Clark was a good goalkeeper during that time, but not a great one.
Biggest Additions:
Jonathan Mensah - The 26-year old Ghanaian DP centerback will be expected to be the anchor of the defensive line in 2017. Mensah has appeared 57 times for his country, including at the previous two World Cups, but his club form raises a few questions. He made only 15 appearances for Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala in 2016, and before that spent time at Evian in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2.
Jukka Raitala - Finnish left back Jukka Raitala was brought in from the Norwegian Tippeligaen, He's spent time in Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands, and will likely battle Waylon Francis for starting minutes.
Mohammed Abu - Another young Ghanaian, Mohammed Abu was also brought in from the Tippeligaen. A holding midfielder, he will likely slot in next to Will Trapp or Tony Tchani if he can carve out some minutes for himself.
Positional Expectations
Most expect Columbus to at least start the year in a 4-2-3-1. The possibility of a 3-man backline, though, has been floating around. Here's where the team stands at each position:
Goalkeeper: It's unclear who will be tasked with replacing Clark on day one. 21-year old American Zack Steffen will most likely get the keys to the car at first. Steffen made nine appearances last year with USL affiliate the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, so Greg Berhalter should at least have an idea of what he's getting. Brad Stuver will be waiting in the wings in case Steffen struggles. Stuver has been with Crew SC since 2014, but hasn't gotten much of a crack with the first team. Crew fans might be worried with how unproven this group currently is, and that'd be justified.
Defenders: Gregg Berhalter has a few options to pair with Mensah at centerback. Nicolai Naess will likely begin there to start the season. He joined the team last year in July, and looked decent in some starts beside Parkhurst at the end of the year. Josh Williams is also an option in the middle, but should only really be expected to make spot starts off the bench. Alex Crognale was signed as a homegrown from the University of Maryland, but he might be a year away from contributing meaningful minutes at CB. First round draft pick Lalas Abubakar probably fits this description, as well.
Out wide, Harrison Afful has the starting right back slot locked down. He's one of the league's best there. Afful loves to get forward, and, as Columbus is generally so strong in possession, he can afford to without too much risk of getting caught in transition. As already mentioned, Francis and Raitala should compete for the starting spot on the left. Expect Francis to get the nod early on, as he's already familiar with the team's system, but he's not a lock.
Midfielders: The Crew are very deep and very flexible in the midfield, except at the number 10 spot. When Higuain was out, that was filled by a committee of Dilly Duka, Tony Tchani, Mo Saeid, and others. None of those guys are true number 10s, though. Cristian Martinez may make another step forward there in year two, but he's raw and not quite a true 10. Justin Meram may get a shot there, too, if necessary. Luckily for Columbus, the team's wingers are so strong and so adept at creating from out wide that the team is still able to produce quality chances with Higuain out of the lineup. Meram, Finlay, and Duka will all be tasked with putting in the types of quality performances they're capable of.
In the number 6 and number 8 slots, Wil Trapp, Tony Tchani, Abu, new São Paulo loanee Artur, and Rodrigo Saravia will all get minutes. Trapp, one of the best young defensive mids in the league over the last two years, will look to make the jump from ‘best young' to ‘best'. He will have stiff competition for minutes pushing him to get there.
Forwards: The forward line will be led by Ola Kamara. If he plays 30 games at the level he performed at last season, he should be an MVP candidate. Adam Jahn is a capable backup to Ola, with a decent scoring record in his limited minutes over the last 5 seasons. Former Division III standout Marshall Hollingsworth may get first team minutes as a third option after spending most of 2016 in Pittsburgh. Things are a little thin here, too, but each of the wingers can step up to play with Kamara in a two forward system in a pinch.
2017 Prognosis
Crew SC's offense is good enough to contend at the top of the East, especially if Higuain can stay healthy. If he only gives the team, say, 20 games, then I think the offense is maybe a cut below the league's best, but certainly still good enough to make noise in the playoffs. The team's success, then, hinges on its backline. On the face of it, my money is on Berhalter's pieces coming together the way he expects them to. He has assembled enough flexibility to tinker until he finds a defensive structure that works- it just might take a few weeks for him to get there. In the absolute worst-case scenario, his defensive signings don't pan out, and the Crew struggle just below the red line. I don't see that happening, though. Expect the Crew to be back near the top in 2017.
Glassdoor took the wraps off their new Job Explorer today, a webapp that lets you search for jobs that your skills qualify you for that you may be overlooking. The tool also features a map that shows where you can find work with your skills, anywhere in the country, based on specific openings available right now.
The video above is an excellent primer to the Job Explorer's best features. To break it down though, the mapping tool lets you plug in your job title and then see where, across the US, there are openings that match your job title, all the way down to the county level. You can drill down on states and see the communities that have openings in them, how many there are, and the probability that you'll find work based on the number of opportunities there now, the population in the area, and openings there in the past. You can even put in your spouse or partner's job title as well so you can see where both of you have a good chance of finding work—that way you don't move to find a job for one of you and the other has to struggle to get by.
Advertisement
Beyond that, the Job Explorer also connects you with job titles you may not even know you qualify for. The tool also has a button to show you jobs your skills qualify you for, which shows you job titles that people with your skillset and work history have held beyond the one you're searching for. From there, you can see where those titles are in demand as well, and apply for those jobs as well.
The Job Explorer launched today, so expect a few quirks here and there, but you can check it out at the link below.
Glassdoor Job Explorer
CTV News has learned Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) officials are investigating an incident in Acheson Tuesday morning – one that saw four workers rushed to hospital, and one pass away.
A spokesperson for Alberta Labour told CTV News OHS was called to investigate a suspected carbon monoxide leak in Acheson.
“Sometime between 7:30 and 8 this morning, we were informed there was a suspected carbon monoxide poisoning incident,” Trent Bancarz said.
Bancarz said he could not confirm the location or company involved in the incident, but confirmed one had succumbed to his injuries.
“Our information is that four workers were taken to hospital and one of those has now passed away, so there is one fatality,” Bancarz said.
An official on the scene told CTV News the deceased is a 35-year-old male, and that they were in the process of notifying next-of-kin.
Emergency crews could be seen outside of the Dave's Diesel Repair in Acheson Tuesday morning. CTV News contacted the company, but a representative would not comment.
With files from David Ewasuk
Invasion of Canada. Bombing raids on British industrial interests. Naval blockade. Chemical weapons. Six million troops fighting on the Eastern seaboard. This wasn't a crazy Nazi plan. It was the United States' strategy to destroy Britain as a world superpower.
It was very real. Its name was War Plan Red. Developed during the 1920s, it was approved by the US Secretary of War and the Secretary of Navy in May 1930. In fact, it was active until Hitler decided to invade Poland with his bloody pal Stalin. The plan wasn't declassified until 1974. Now, a new documentary by Channel 5 America's Planned War On Britain: Revealed, shows how this plan became to be alongside other plans that called for war against Mexico (War Plan Green), Japan (Orange), China (Yellow) and even domestic uprising (White).
Advertisement
Unlike the other color-coded plans, however, the US Congress approved $57 million for War Plan Red. This money was used to build three military airfields disguised as civilian airports on the Canadian border, which would be used to launch pre-emptive surprise strikes against Canadian air forces and defenses.
The plan also included a detailed land invasion strategy—devised with the help of transatlantic flight hero Charles Lindbergh—the bombing of industries in Canada, the use of chemical weapons—which was designed by Army General Douglas MacArthur himself—and a naval blockade that would have kept the British Navy out of the conflict.
The objective of War Plan Red was to neutralize Britain as a worldwide imperial power, blocking their trading routes. The US government truly believed that the war with the British was possible, even after they briefly fought as allies during World War I. The US population wasn't very fond of their former 1776 oppressors either. This was the time of the Great Depression and, after WWI, Britain owed the United States $14 billion. As a result of the dramatic economic situation, the anti-British sentiment in the US was quite strong at the time.
Advertisement
Fortunately—and unfortunately—a crazy dude by the name of Adolf Hitler decided to declare war on the world, and the US became best pals with the Brits shortly thereafter—even while they still hated each other. A little bit. On the inside. Especially Patton and Eisenhower, actually, who couldn't stand that snotty good-for-nothing Field Marshal that was Monty. Not as much as they hated the Germans, though. Or the French, for that matter. [Channel 5, War Plan Red (Wikipedia)]
The "Cornbread Mafia" was a group who created the largest domestic marijuana production operation in United States history. It was based in Marion, McCreary, Nelson and Washington counties in Central Kentucky. They first became known to the public by this name in June 1989 when federal prosecutors revealed that 20 men were arrested for organizing a marijuana trafficking ring that stretched across the Midwest. Contents
Origin of the name Edit
The name was thought to have been first used by law enforcement when they realized the scope of the organization and wanted to invoke the RICO statute, adding time to everyone's sentence and allowing the government to seize the group's assets. But in 2016, Joe Keith Bickett, one of those who started the group, released his first-hand account titled "The Origins of the Cornbread Mafia: A Memoir of Sorts",[1][2][3] in which he said members of the group coined the term relatively early in their enterprise. Bickett's memoir was written while he was serving a 25-year prison term during the 1990s for the group's actions. However, Bickett's book was not released until several years after the publication of The Cornbread Mafia: A Homegrown Syndicate's Code Of Silence And The Biggest Marijuana Bust In American History by Jim Higdon, a journalist from Marion County, where the organization was most prevalent.
Accusations Edit
Beginning with "The Minnesota 17", 70 Kentuckians were accused of growing 182 tons of marijuana on 29 farms in 10 states, including Minnesota,[4] Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Nebraska,[5] Missouri and Kansas,[6] which federal prosecutors considered to be the "largest domestic marijuana producing organization in the nation."[7] By the end of 1991, prosecutors had arrested more than 100 members of the Cornbread Mafia, mostly from Lebanon, Kentucky.[8] For much of the 1980s, the Cornbread Mafia was reported upon by photojournalist Steve Lowery[9] of The Lebanon Enterprise, many of whose photographs are in the book.[clarification needed] By 2007, the term "Cornbread Mafia" had come to mean general Southern-style corruption.[10] There is also a song by Molly Hatchet called Cornbread Mafia (on the Kingdom of XII album), and a now-defunct band that called itself Cornbread Mafia.[11]
Johnny Boone Edit
The most notable member of the Cornbread Mafia was Johnny Boone, arrested in 1987 as the ringleader of a marijuana operation in Minnesota, for which he served about 15 years in prison. In June 2008, police discovered Boone growing 2,421 marijuana seedlings on his farm outside Springfield, Kentucky in Washington County, but Boone escaped arrest, under threat of a life sentence without parole because the bust would be his third federal conviction under the Three Strikes Law. Boone became a fugitive[12] and the subject of a segment of America's Most Wanted.[13][14] On Dec. 22, 2016, after eight years on the run, Johnny Boone was arrested in a small town outside Montreal, where he had been tracked by the U.S. Marshals Service. He was brought to the United States in April 2017. On December 19, 2017, Boone pleaded guilty to one count of a superseding information.[15]
References Edit
Further reading Edit
The Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and National Defense Forces (NDF) have recently launched an offensive at the Deir Hafer Plains of east Aleppo in order to lift the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham's (ISIS) two year long siege of the Kuweires Military Airport.
However, the Syrian Arab Army and the National Defense Forces have repeatedly halted their past offensives after the terrorist group redeployed a number of their fighters to quell the encroaching soldiers that were advancing along this volatile front in east Aleppo.
Recently, the Syrian Armed Forces have restarted their east Aleppo offensive, but this time, they are being assisted by both the Syrian Arab Air Force (SAAF) and the Russian Air Force.
As a result of this aerial support, the Syrian Armed Forces have been able to recapture the imperative hilltop of Tal Rayman, while also taking control of Al-Salihiyah; this aforementioned village was used by ISIS to launch repeated offensives near the Syrian Government's main supply route along the Khanasser Highway.
In addition to their airstrikes, the Russian military advisors that oversee the Syrian Armed Forces' operations in northern Syria have now taken complete command of the east Aleppo offensive to lift the siege of the Kuweires Military Airport.
Rumors have surfaced that the Russians plan to use the airfields at the Kuweires Military Airport as their future base in northern Syria; however, sources from the Syrian Arab Army were unable to confirm whether or not these rumors possessed any validity.
Advertisements
FILE PHOTO - President of the EU Commission Jean-Claude Juncker arrives for the G20 leaders summit in Hamburg, Germany July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker stressed on Tuesday that negotiations about a future EU-UK trading relationship after Britain leaves the European Union could only start once divorce issues were resolved.
Britain and the European Commission are holding a third round of talks this week, which the European Union has said must focus on the rights of EU and British citizens living abroad, a financial settlement and the Ireland/Northern Ireland border.
“I would like to be clear that I did read with the requisite attention all the papers produced by the British government and none of those is satisfactory, so there are an enormous amount of issues that need to be settled,” Juncker said in a speech to EU ambassadors.
“We need to be crystal clear that we will commence no negotiations on the new economic and trade relationship between the UK and the EU before all these questions are resolved... that is the divorce between the EU and the UK. We cannot mix these issues up,” he continued.
“First of all we settle the past before we look forward to the future.”
The release of a video showing the death of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald -- whom Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke fatally shot 16 times in October 2014, as the teen was walking away from him -- has made the city's police department an object of national scrutiny, with questions arising about its policies, its practices and its troubled history with the city's communities of color.
Here are some facts and statistics that highlight just how bad things are at the Chicago Police Department:
Chicago tops big cities in fatal police shootings.
According to an analysis by the Better Government Association released in July, Chicago police fatally shot 70 people between 2010 and 2014, more than any other police department in a major U.S. city. When adjusted for population size, Chicago ranks fourth behind Phoenix, Philadelphia and Dallas for this grim statistic. (Phoenix police shot and killed 57 people during the years in question. Philadelphia police killed 54 people, and Dallas police killed 34.) The report also found that Chicago police shot a total of 240 people over that five-year period.
Chicago police did not respond to a request for comment on this and other statistics highlighted in this story.
Black people are killed disproportionately.
The Better Government Association study also found that of 46 of the 70 people fatally shot by Chicago police -- 66 percent -- were black. However, according to the 2010 U.S. Census, just one-third of Chicago's population is black.
There are tons of complaints, but police rarely get in trouble.
Data compiled by the Citizens Police Data Project shows that fewer than 2 percent of the 28,567 complaints filed against the department from March 2011 to September 2015 resulted in discipline. Most officers who do face discipline are suspended for a week or less.
Van Dyke, the officer who shot McDonald, is listed on the CPDP website as having 20 complaints filed against him. None of those complaints have resulted in discipline.
White people are more likely to have their complaints validated.
The complaint data also shows that while black people accounted for 61 percent of the misconduct allegations filed against Chicago police, they accounted for only 25 percent of the sustained complaints. Meanwhile, complaints filed by white people made up 21 percent of the total allegations, but accounted for 58 percent of the sustained complaints.
City investigators aren't helping much.
According to WBEZ, the city's Independent Police Review Authority has reviewed more than 400 officer-involved shootings since 2007. As of July, it had found only one shooting unjustified.
IPRA is also known for taking a very long time -- in some cases, over five years -- to investigate shootings. As the Chicago Tribune reported in 2012, these extreme delays can lead to charges being dismissed due to the statute of limitations running out.
IPRA didn't respond to a request for comment.
The city fired an investigator who tried to hold cops accountable.
Lorenzo Davis, a former IPRA supervisor who investigated several police shooting cases, was fired by the city in July. Davis said he was asked to change his findings in three shooting cases where he found officers at fault. (IPRA has denied these claims.)
"The Independent Police Review Authority is being used to deflect protest and criticism from the police department,” Davis told The Huffington Post earlier this year. “What they're concerned about is the careers of the police officers.”
Murder charges against cops are incredibly rare.
According to the Chicago Tribune, Van Dyke is the first Chicago officer in 35 years to be charged with first-degree murder for an on-duty incident. The last murder charges came in 1980, when three cops were indicted for beating a mentally ill man to death after he was arrested for smoking on a Chicago train. Two of the officers were found guilty of manslaughter, while charges against the third were dropped.
Read more on the case at Chicago Magazine.
The city has a major stop-and-frisk problem.
An American Civil Liberties Union report released earlier this year found that Chicago police are stopping and frisking a "shocking amount of people." In the summer of 2014 alone, police made 250,000 stops that did not lead to arrests. Police also disproportionately stopped African-Americans -- 72 percent of all people stopped were black, even though black people, again, make up just one-third of the city's population.
In the wake of the ACLU report, the Chicago Police Department has agreed to monitor how officers use the technique, and to further train officers to ensure people are not stopped because of their race or gender.
Chicago has paid out hundreds of millions for police misconduct.
According to a Wall Street Journal report published in July, Chicago police spent $249.7 million resolving police misconducted cases between 2010 and 2014. (Only New York City paid more, incurring over $600 million in costs related to misconduct.)
Meanwhile, according to the Better Government Association, the city spent over $500 million from 2004 to 2014 on settlements, legal fees and other costs related to complaints against police officers.
The police department is disproportionately white.
While Chicago is home to black, white and Hispanic people in roughly equal measure (each group accounts for about 32 percent of the city's residents), the police department as of 2010 was 55 percent white, 26 percent black and 18 percent Hispanic, according to data collected by The New York Times.
The city is still dealing with a decades-old police torture scandal.
Jon Burge, a former Chicago police commander, tortured more than 200 suspects into making confessions between 1972 and 1991. Burge was eventually tried and convicted, and was sentenced to prison in 2011.
The scandal, however, continues to loom large over the city. Chicago has paid millions in settlements to some of the individuals Burge tortured. And as NBC reported in August, many of Burge's victims -- most of them black -- still have not had their cases heard.
Also on HuffPost:
Major League Soccer in Canada is a topic rarely addressed by league commissioner Don Garber. It makes sense, in many ways MLS in an American league with a Canadian tenant, something that isn't likely to change any time soon. As a result the Canadian agenda is rarely top priority.
So when Garber does talk about the state of the league from a Canadian perspective it is worth talking about. He recently sat down with Kurt Larson of the Toronto Sun to discuss a variety of issues related to the league's place in Canada.
On Roster Rules and Canadians being Considered "International" players
As always, this is the biggest bit of news when it comes to Canada's place in Major League Soccer. For Canadians, nothing points more to the fact that this is an American league than roster rules, which considers Canadian players to be internationals and therefore only able to occupy a limited number of player spots.
The longstanding reason behind this fact is that American immigration laws make considering Canadian players to be domestic complicated, and that reasoning hasn't changed.
There have been some rumblings about this changing in the past, but the rule remains in place with little evidence that it will be changing any time soon. This is one of the primary reasons many around Canadian soccer think now is the time for a Canadian professional league.
For his part, Garber did mention that the league is considering potential incentive for teams to sign Canadian players. The problem, however, would be fitting this in without creating another designated player type spot which would be external to the league's salary cap. This is something that the league is not interested in doing.
So it doesn't look like there will be movement on this any time soon, and if it does it probably won't be substantial, which is unfortunate. However, it is also clearly one of the reason's why other avenues are necessary to get Canadians spot on pro teams.
Expansion into Canada, Could more be coming soon?
In a word, no. While some interest does exist, with possibilities including Ottawa and Calgary, having another MLS club in Canada is feasibly a long way off considering the current soccer landscape in the country.
While Garber didn't echo this sentiment exactly he mentioned the fact that there was work to do with the current Canadian teams before any expansion could be considered. He listed what needs to improve, including a more national fanbase and higher TV rating.
Basically, if another Canadian team is going to join Major League Soccer they really have to prove their viability to the league. This is going to be difficult as they will have to compete with a large number of American markets who have both history and funding behind them.
Ottawa would likely be the best fit considering the strong soccer program that they are building, complete with their trip to the Soccer Bowl this season and their high attendance numbers. But they are more likely to join a Canadian league option before then.
More than likely any market who has Major League Soccer aspirations in Canada will be swept up by a Canadian professional league, including Ottawa, Calgary and even Edmonton eventually. The CSA will definitely push hard to this and recommend that option to clubs versus joining Major League Soccer.
As such, it is highly unlikely that there is a fourth Canadian team in Major League Soccer any time soon, although it can never be ruled out completely especially if a club like Calgary or Ottawa make a hard push. This will especially be true if the Canadian league project continues to move forward slowly.
For now, however, American expansion is the main goal as that is where the league will make profit and gain exposure.
The Importance of Growing the Game in Canada
Garber has been on record saying that one of his key goals as a commissioner is to get Canada to just its second ever World Cup. While the league hasn't necessarily shown a great commitment to this in the past, there has certainly been some growth this year in the Canadian markets.
With all three Canadian teams making playoff appearances, albeit brief, it was a good season on the field for the league north of the border. The health of all three franchises is in good shape and they look like they will be an important part of the league for many years to come.
However, Garber says that the league can do better to help Canadian soccer grow, and it is something they are working on. He set Canada qualifying for a World Cup as a bar for that success.
The push to prevent skin cancer may have come with unintended consequences—impaired brain function because of a deficiency of vitamin D. The “sunshine vitamin” is synthesized in our skin when we are exposed to direct sunlight, but sunblock impedes this process. And although vitamin D is well known for promoting bone health and regulating vital calcium levels—hence its addition to milk—it does more than that. Scientists have now linked this fat-soluble nutrient's hormonelike activity to a number of functions throughout the body, including the workings of the brain.
“We know there are receptors for vitamin D throughout the central nervous system and in the hippocampus,” said Robert J. Przybelski, a doctor and research scientist at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health. “We also know vitamin D activates and deactivates enzymes in the brain and the cerebrospinal fluid that are involved in neurotransmitter synthesis and nerve growth.” In addition, animal and laboratory studies suggest vitamin D protects neurons and reduces inflammation.
Two new European studies looking at vitamin D and cognitive function have taken us one step further. The first study, led by neuroscientist David Llewellyn of the University of Cambridge, assessed vitamin D levels in more than 1,700 men and women from England, aged 65 or older. Subjects were divided into four groups based on vitamin D blood levels: severely deficient, deficient, insufficient (borderline) and optimum, then tested for cognitive function.
The scientists found that the lower the subjects' vitamin D levels, the more negatively impacted was their perform­ance on a battery of mental tests. Compared with people with optimum vitamin D levels, those in the lowest quartile were more than twice as likely to be cognitively impaired.
A second study, led by scientists at the University of Manchester in England and published online this past May, looked at vitamin D levels and cognitive performance in more than 3,100 men aged 40 to 79 in eight different countries across Europe. The data show that those people with lower vitamin D levels exhibited slower information-processing speed. This correlation was particularly strong among men older than 60 years.
“The fact that this relationship was established in a large-scale, clinical human study is very important,” Przybelski says, “but there's still a lot we don't know.”
Although we now know that low levels of vitamin D are associated with cognitive impairment, we do not know if high or optimum levels will lessen cognitive losses. It is also unclear if giving vitamin D to those who lack it will help them regain some of these high-level functions.
Because cognitive impairment is often a precursor for dementia and Alzheimer's disease, vitamin D is a hot topic among Alzheimer's scientists, who are racing to answer these questions. Przybelski, for example, is planning a study of vitamin D supplements in healthy, normal elderly adults living in an assisted-living community to see if it will affect their incidence of Alzheimer's in the long term.
So how much is enough vitamin D? Experts say 1,000 to 2,000 IU daily—about the amount your body will synthesize from 15 to 30 minutes of sun exposure two to three times a week—is the ideal range for almost all healthy adults. Keep in mind, however, that skin color, where you live and how much skin you have exposed all affect how much vitamin D you can produce.
Price: $680
Introduction:
Almost a month ago the HD 7970GHz edition cards were introduced, bringing along all the enhancements inherent with a maturation of the manufacturing process. Most notable was higher clock speeds hence the GHz Edition moniker. The Sapphire HD 7970 6GB Toxic Edition is built upon this improved process silicon. Not content to deliver a card based on the reference design, Sapphire has thrown away the book and put together its own design using a custom 12 layer PCB, double sided Black Diamond chokes and DirectFET technology; all part of its Lethal Power Suite. Cooling is via an all new Vapor-X implementation designed for this card to manage the thermals while keeping noise in check with new 90mm fans.
The stock GHz Edition cards from AMD have 1000MHz clock speed with a boost clock of 1050MHz, with the memory a constant 1500MHz. Compared to the standard HD 7970 clocks of 925MHz on the core and 1375MHz on the memory there is a significant boost in clock speed and ergo, performance. Sapphire has upped the ante with clock speeds of 1050MHz with a boost clock of 1100MHz or 50MHz higher than the standard GHz Edition. Memory speeds are constant at 1500MHz. How does it get better than that? Sapphire has added the Lethal Boost button to bump the clock speeds even higher to 1150MHz with a boost clock of 1200MHz and 1600MHz on the memory using AMD's Power Tune feature. Pricing will of course be higher than a reference version at around $680 but you get a full custom design that should offer improved stability and cooling long term. Let's see what the Sapphire HD 7970 Toxic Edition has to offer.
Closer Look:
Image has always been something that Sapphire uses to effect. With the latest offering in the Toxic line up we have a futuristic rendition of Ruby based soley on the unmistakable female figure. Highlights on the front panel include the fact that this is a GHz Edition card in Sapphire's line up. The list of features includes the Lethal Power Suite, Lethal Boost button and Vapor-X cooling solution, a massive 6GB of GDDR5 memory and support for CrossfireX, Eyefinity, and the 28nm GCN architecture. The back side delves into the details of the feature set including AMD HD3D, AMD APP acceleration and more.
Inside the outer sleeve is a plain box that holds the HD 7970 6GB Toxic Edition. It is split into two levels with the top level holding the card in a formed cardboard shell while the lower level holds the accessory bundle in a separate box. Pretty much standard packaging from Sapphire. If it works why change.
The bundle included with the Sapphire HD 7970 6GB Toxic Edition contains all the parts necessary to get the card installed in just about any configuration with an HDMI cable, DVI to VGA adapter, Mini-DP to DP adapter, two dual 4-pin to 6-pin PCIe power adapters, Mini-DP to DVI active adapter, quick start guide, Lethal Boost button instructions and a registration guide with a link to Sapphire's free TriXX overclocking utility.
Packaging and accessories do not begin to tell the entire story of the Toxic Edition HD 7970 so let's take a look a little deeper into what Sapphire has done with this improved offering in its HD 7900 series product stack.
Congressional Budget Office, An Update to the Budget and Economic Outlook: Fiscal Years 2012 to 2022; Romney Plan forecast projected by Business Insider based on campaign statements We have analyzed the likely impact of Mitt Romney's economic plan on the country's national debt and deficit.
Our analysis suggests that the Romney Plan will radically increase America's debt and deficits over the next 10 years.
Importantly, this is not to say that the Romney plan will be bad for the economy.
By providing additional stimulus in the form of massive government deficit spending, the plan may well reduce the unemployment rate and accelerate GDP growth faster than current law (which calls for "Fiscal Cliff" spending cuts and "Taxmageddon" tax increases early next year). If the country is to incur this much additional debt, we would prefer that such deficit spending include a major infrastructure investment and rebuilding program. But the debt growth itself may not be bad.
Based on our analysis, though, the idea that the Romney plan will ease our debt and deficit problem is laughable. Under almost any realistic scenario, it will make the problem worse.
To conduct our analysis, we started with the Congressional Budget Office's official 10-year budget projections and then made assumptions about the impact of the Romney Plan.
We ran two scenarios:
We did not run a "Worst Case" scenario (too depressing).
Importantly, our goal was to determine what is actually likely to happen under the Romney Plan, as opposed to what the Romney campaign vaguely says will happen. For example, we did not accept Romney's premise that he will eliminate enough loopholes to make his tax cuts revenue neutral. Romney has not identified one single tax loophole he is willing to cut, and he has suggested he will protect some popular ones. So we think it is highly unlikely that Romney will eliminate enough tax loopholes to make his plan revenue neutral.
We also did not accept Romney's premise that he will cut federal spending to 20% of GDP by 2016 from the current 24%. Again, Romney has not identified a single government program that he wants to cut (other than general non-defense discretionary spending, which is already at an all-time low as a percent of GDP). We assumed instead that Romney will reduce government spending to about 22% of GDP, not all the way to 20%.
Importantly, we made several assumptions that are very much in Romney's favor. We did not include the negative revenue impact of all of Romney's proposed tax cuts, for example (e.g., eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax). We also assumed that Romney's plan will significantly accelerate growth. In fact, we assumed a strong economy for the next 10 years with no recessions—a streak of uninterrupted economic growth that has rarely happened in U.S. history. A recession during Romney's term, which is highly likely, would reduce government revenue and increase the debt and deficit beyond what we have shown here.
Our analysis concludes that Romney's plan will radically increase the country's debt, both in absolute terms and as a percentage of GDP.
ASSUMPTIONS
Projecting the economic impact of tax and spending policy changes is a subjective exercise. The conclusion depends on assumptions about GDP growth, consumer behavior, tax revenue, government spending, global trade (economic climate), and many other factors. As a result, all forecasts like these should be viewed as directional approximations rather than precise estimates.
That said, we have tried to be very reasonable in our assumptions. And, in many cases, we believe we have given the Romney plan a significant benefit of the doubt.
For example, Romney's defense of the plan is based on his belief that it will accelerate America's economic growth. We believe Romney's confidence about this is based on a misdiagnosis about what is wrong with the economy: Contrary to Romney's assertions, we don't believe the economy is choking under "regulatory uncertainty" or a lack of incentives for investors and entrepreneurs. Rather, we believe the economy is suffering from a lack of demand: Consumers don't have enough money to spend. Nevertheless, to give Romney's plan the benefit of some doubt, we have assumed that Romney's plan will radically accelerate economic growth.
We have also assumed that there will be no recessions or economic slowdowns for the next 10 years. Adding to the last three years of economic growth, this would produce a streak of 13 years of straight economic growth. We think there is an extremely low likelihood that this will occur. Rather, we think there will be at least one and possibly two recessions in this period. But, again, to give Romney's plan the benefit of the doubt, we have assumed steady and strong economic growth throughout the 10 years.
Also, we have not included the negative revenue impact of all of Romney's proposed tax cuts in our revenue analysis. For example, we have not included the impact of Romney's plan to eliminate the Alternative Minimum Tax or further reduce today's low taxes on dividends and capital gains. Instead, we have focused on the personal income tax cuts and corporate tax cuts. We have also given Romney credit for eliminating some loopholes, which will reduce the revenue impact of these cuts.
In short, we have made many assumptions that are very favorable to the Romney plan.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Part of the problem with Romney's plan is that it provides so few specifics. For example, the Romney campaign insists that the plan will be "revenue neutral" and will accelerate economic growth, but it offers no numbers or assumptions or specifics to back this up. If the campaign actually has numbers and assumptions to back up its claims, we would be eager to analyze them. If we find the campaign's logic persuasive, we will revise our conclusions. Similarly, if readers make persuasive points about why we should change our assumptions, we will change them. So please weigh in.
(But please don't try to persuade us by yelling that we're obviously "in the tank" for Obama just because we're trying to figure out what Romney's plan will do to the debt and deficit. The debt and deficit are big problems for the country. For everyone's sake, we need to take an objective look at them, not immediately descend into partisan rooting.)
Here are the basic assumptions in our two scenarios:
BEST-CASE ROMNEY PLAN SCENARIO ASSUMPTIONS:
We assume Romney will cut income tax rates by 20% across the board and cut the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 25% (a 28.5% cut).
(a 28.5% cut). We assume Romney will eliminate some loopholes to reduce the impact of the income tax cuts, resulting in an effective income tax cut of 17.5%.
We assume no revenue loss from Romney's planned elimination of the Alternative Minimum Tax and reduced taxes on capital gains and dividends (there will almost certainly be some revenue loss).
(there will almost certainly be some revenue loss). We assume economic growth for the next 5 years (2013-2017) accelerates to 8.4% annually (nominal) . This is more than 1 point above the CBO's "Alternative Scenario," which calls for 7.1% annual growth. It is also an enormous acceleration over current economic growth, which is about 4% nominal.
. This is more than 1 point above the CBO's "Alternative Scenario," which calls for 7.1% annual growth. It is also an enormous acceleration over current economic growth, which is about 4% nominal. We assume economic growth of 6.5% per year from 2018-2022 (nominal). This is a more normal rate of growth and inflation than we've seen in the past few years, but one that still represents a significant acceleration over the CBO's forecast (5.5%) and current economic growth (~4%).
This is a more normal rate of growth and inflation than we've seen in the past few years, but one that still represents a significant acceleration over the CBO's forecast (5.5%) and current economic growth (~4%). We assume no recessions or slowdowns for the entire 10 year period (highly unlikely).
MORE-LIKELY ROMNEY PLAN SCENARIO ASSUMPTIONS:
As Bill Parcells would say, "you are what your record says you are." That seems to be how the pundits operate, but how far off are they when it comes to the stats?
I know quite a few people who have been saying, "the Raiders are getting better, they're just a few years off from being a good team." Some have even said it as recently as this year. Is this finally the year the Raiders return to respectability?
By all indications: yes, yes it is.
Notable Quotes
Who's to blame for the Chargers' 2-6 start? It's not Philip Rivers, who has completed nearly 70 percent of his passes in the six losses. Try the defense, the only unit to allow 24-plus points in every game this season. - ESPN
The Chargers did their best not to injure themselves on the flight home, there were no survivors. - Reddit
When you can't run the football (30th in yards per carry) or stop the run (32nd in yards per carry allowed), it's almost impossible to consistently win football games - Fox Sports
Division Averages
Division Week 8 Average Week 9 Average Difference AFC East 10.022 12.239 -2.217 NFC West 14.435 13.773 0.662 NFC South 14.880 14.091 0.789 AFC West 16.783 14.227 2.556 AFC North 15.565 15.170 0.395 NFC North 17.391 18.034 -0.643 NFC East 16.620 18.239 -1.619 AFC South 26.304 26.227 0.077
Stock Rising
Team Week 8 Average Week 9 Average Difference KC 20.973 16.308 4.665 OAK 17.364 13.275 4.089 TB 28.250 24.858 3.392 HOU 28.591 25.517 3.074 DEN 6.280 3.233 3.047
Stock Falling
Team Week 8 Average Week 9 Average Difference MIA 14.811 19.450 -4.639 NYJ 7.663 11.250 -3.587 NYG 13.250 16.592 -3.342 SF 26.788 29.592 -2.804 ATL 8.330 10.708 -2.378
Subjective Average
Subjective ESPN Fox CBS USA SI PFT NFL SN SBN Reddit PFF AP Average Change in Value Patriots 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1.000 0.000 Bengals 3 3 2 2 2 2 3 3 2 2 3 3 2.500 0.250 Broncos 2 2 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 3 4 2 2.667 2.166 Panthers 5 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 2 4 3.917 0.083 Packers 4 6 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 5 7 5 5.250 -2.833 Cardinals 6 5 6 6 8 6 6 6 5 6 5 6 5.917 1.000 Vikings 11 7 8 8 6 7 8 8 7 8 8 7 7.750 1.250 Falcons 7 10 7 10 12 11 7 7 8 7 6 9 8.417 -1.667 Seahawks 8 9 9 7 9 10 14 9 10 9 11 8 9.417 2.333 Rams 10 8 10 9 7 8 13 12 9 12 14 10 10.167 2.666 Raiders 9 12 11 13 10 9 10 11 11 13 9 11 10.750 4.250 Steelers 13 11 17 12 14 13 9 10 13 10 10 14 12.167 -1.334 Jets 12 14 12 11 11 12 11 14 12 11 18 12 12.500 -4.083 Saints 15 13 14 15 13 14 17 13 14 15 13 13 14.083 2.750 Giants 14 15 15 16 15 17 15 15 15 14 21 15 15.583 -3.083 Eagles 18 20 19 14 17 16 12 17 16 16 12 16 16.083 -0.916 Dolphins 17 16 13 23 18 15 18 16 19 18 20 17 17.500 -3.333 Bills 16 21 20 17 21 20 16 18 17 17 15 19 18.083 0.334 Colts 22 22 18 18 20 23 20 19 20 19 24 18 20.250 -1.417 Redskins 24 18 21 20 16 19 19 20 21 20 26 21 20.417 0.166 Chiefs 20 19 22 28 19 22 23 22 18 21 17 20 20.917 3.666 Buccaneers 21 23 26 21 25 21 21 21 22 22 23 23 22.417 4.083 Cowboys 26 17 24 25 23 18 22 23 28 23 19 22 22.500 -1.833 Ravens 27 26 27 19 22 24 27 24 26 25 16 24 23.917 4.333 Browns 23 24 29 26 24 28 24 28 23 27 25 27 25.667 -2.167 Chargers 19 28 23 24 28 29 28 26 24 24 30 25 25.667 -3.584 Bears 28 25 16 27 26 27 25 25 29 26 28 28 25.833 -1.333 Texans 25 27 25 29 27 25 30 27 25 28 22 26 26.333 3.667 Jaguars 29 30 30 22 29 26 29 29 27 29 27 29 28.000 -0.250 49ers 31 31 28 32 30 31 26 30 30 30 32 30 30.083 -3.416 Titans 32 29 32 30 31 30 31 31 31 31 29 32 30.750 -1.083 Lions 30 32 31 31 32 32 32 32 32 32 31 31 31.500 -0.667
Observations:
Broncos made a statement by beating the Packers on Sunday, and the rankings reward them.
Top 3 teams are AFC teams. The next 7 teams are all NFC teams.
By this list, the Raiders are the 4th-best team in the AFC. And in fact, if the season ended today, the Raiders would be the 5th-seed in the AFC, playing at the 3-5 Colts.
The bottom half of the league has a 10:6 split between AFC and NFC. So when the season started, it seemed the AFC would assert dominance again, but that has since faded.
Poor Detroit, so much optimism to start the season.
Subjective Standard Deviation
Subjective ESPN Fox CBS USA SI PFT NFL SN SBN Reddit PFF AP STD DEV Change in Value Patriots 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.000 0.000 Bengals 3 3 2 2 2 2 3 3 2 2 3 3 0.500 -0.095 Broncos 2 2 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 3 4 2 0.624 0.251 Panthers 5 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 2 4 0.640 0.063 Lions 30 32 31 31 32 32 32 32 32 32 31 31 0.646 -0.497 Packers 4 6 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 5 7 5 0.722 0.082 Cardinals 6 5 6 6 8 6 6 6 5 6 5 6 0.759 -0.195 Titans 32 29 32 30 31 30 31 31 31 31 29 32 1.010 -1.615 Vikings 11 7 8 8 6 7 8 8 7 8 8 7 1.164 -0.250 Saints 15 13 14 15 13 14 17 13 14 15 13 13 1.187 -0.847 Raiders 9 12 11 13 10 9 10 11 11 13 9 11 1.362 -0.638 Buccaneers 21 23 26 21 25 21 21 21 22 22 23 23 1.605 -0.002 49ers 31 31 28 32 30 31 26 30 30 30 32 30 1.605 -0.324 Seahawks 8 9 9 7 9 10 14 9 10 9 11 8 1.706 0.067 Giants 14 15 15 16 15 17 15 15 15 14 21 15 1.801 0.417 Falcons 7 10 7 10 12 11 7 7 8 7 6 9 1.847 1.018 Jets 12 14 12 11 11 12 11 14 12 11 18 12 1.937 0.046 Colts 22 22 18 18 20 23 20 19 20 19 24 18 1.963 0.391 Bills 16 21 20 17 21 20 16 18 17 17 15 19 1.977 -0.239 Browns 23 24 29 26 24 28 24 28 23 27 25 27 2.014 0.035 Texans 25 27 25 29 27 25 30 27 25 28 22 26 2.055 0.583 Rams 10 8 10 9 7 8 13 12 9 12 14 10 2.075 -0.117 Jaguars 29 30 30 22 29 26 29 29 27 29 27 29 2.160 -0.294 Steelers 13 11 17 12 14 13 9 10 13 10 10 14 2.192 -0.511 Eagles 18 20 19 14 17 16 12 17 16 16 12 16 2.361 0.022 Dolphins 17 16 13 23 18 15 18 16 19 18 20 17 2.432 -0.112 Redskins 24 18 21 20 16 19 19 20 21 20 26 21 2.499 -0.313 Chiefs 20 19 22 28 19 22 23 22 18 21 17 20 2.753 0.221 Chargers 19 28 23 24 28 29 28 26 24 24 30 25 2.981 -0.004 Cowboys 26 17 24 25 23 18 22 23 28 23 19 22 3.096 0.962 Bears 28 25 16 27 26 27 25 25 29 26 28 28 3.236 -0.192 Ravens 27 26 27 19 22 24 27 24 26 25 16 24 3.278 0.964
Observations:
16 teams saw their deviation go down, 15 went up, 1 stayed the same.
Ravens, Bears, Cowboys, Chargers and Chiefs are all difficult to for the pundits to pin down
The NFC is pretty much settled with the top half of the league in consistency enjoying an 11:5 NFC:AFC split.
Objective Average
Objective FO TR SAG BG Aikman PFR CHFF Massey 538 FPI Average Change in Value Patriots 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1.200 0.164 Bengals 3 5 3 1 4 2 3 2 3 3 2.900 1.555 Broncos 6 2 2 2 5 4 6 3 2 6 3.800 3.927 Cardinals 2 6 5 9 3 3 2 6 7 2 4.500 0.773 Packers 4 3 4 4 7 7 5 5 4 5 4.800 -1.527 Panthers 7 10 7 6 6 8 7 4 6 10 7.100 -0.554 Steelers 10 7 8 5 8 5 11 9 8 7 7.800 0.109 Seahawks 9 4 6 10 12 10 9 7 5 8 8.000 0.909 Jets 5 12 11 21 2 6 4 10 20 9 10.000 -3.091 Eagles 12 9 9 14 14 9 16 14 10 4 11.100 -1.827 Chiefs 11 8 10 16 15 12 8 15 11 11 11.700 5.664 Rams 13 13 14 7 11 11 14 12 17 17 12.900 3.282 Falcons 17 19 13 8 9 14 13 11 12 14 13.000 -3.091 Vikings 27 11 12 12 13 17 15 8 9 19 14.300 -0.027 Raiders 8 23 18 17 10 13 10 13 22 24 15.800 3.927 Bills 14 17 17 19 17 16 12 18 19 13 16.200 -1.927 Giants 15 21 15 18 20 18 17 17 13 22 17.600 -3.600 Saints 19 22 21 11 19 19 18 16 15 20 18.000 1.000 Ravens 16 14 16 29 24 15 21 19 18 16 18.800 1.746 Cowboys 26 18 19 13 22 20 24 20 14 15 19.100 -0.009 Colts 21 15 22 22 27 25 28 21 16 12 20.900 -0.809 Dolphins 20 16 20 26 28 23 20 22 21 18 21.400 -5.945 Chargers 23 20 23 20 18 22 23 24 25 21 21.900 1.100 Redskins 18 27 24 28 16 21 22 23 28 25 23.200 -1.745 Texans 30 24 25 25 21 26 25 25 23 23 24.700 2.482 Bears 29 28 27 15 25 27 26 26 29 31 26.300 1.155 Browns 22 25 26 27 30 24 29 29 30 27 26.900 -0.900 Buccaneers 25 30 30 31 26 28 19 27 27 30 27.300 2.700 Lions 31 26 28 23 31 32 32 31 26 29 28.900 -1.264 Titans 28 31 32 30 23 29 27 32 32 26 29.000 -2.273 49ers 32 29 29 24 32 30 31 28 24 32 29.100 -2.191 Jaguars 24 32 31 32 29 31 30 30 31 28 29.800 0.291
Observations:
Without BeatGraphs, the Patriots would be a consensus #1.
Aikman for the last few weeks had the Jets at the top of the list, that finally ends this week.
DVOA quite likes the Raiders, FPI doesn't.
538 quite likes the Vikings, DVOA does not.
Chargers lost, but their overall objective rating goes up? Ravens went up slightly more, so apparently both teams played well.
Objective Standard Deviation
Objective FO TR SAG BG Aikman PFR CHFF Massey 538 FPI STD DEV Change in Value Patriots 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.600 -0.171 Bengals 3 5 3 1 4 2 3 2 3 3 1.044 -0.515 Packers 4 3 4 4 7 7 5 5 4 5 1.249 -0.614 Broncos 6 2 2 2 5 4 6 3 2 6 1.721 -2.733 Panthers 7 10 7 6 6 8 7 4 6 10 1.758 -0.513 Steelers 10 7 8 5 8 5 11 9 8 7 1.833 0.328 Chargers 23 20 23 20 18 22 23 24 25 21 2.022 -0.428 Texans 30 24 25 25 21 26 25 25 23 23 2.238 -0.384 Jaguars 24 32 31 32 29 31 30 30 31 28 2.272 0.651 Bills 14 17 17 19 17 16 12 18 19 13 2.315 -1.330 Cardinals 2 6 5 9 3 3 2 6 7 2 2.335 -1.528 Seahawks 9 4 6 10 12 10 9 7 5 8 2.366 -1.482 Browns 22 25 26 27 30 24 29 29 30 27 2.548 -0.149 Chiefs 11 8 10 16 15 12 8 15 11 11 2.685 -1.669 Giants 15 21 15 18 20 18 17 17 13 22 2.691 -1.443 Rams 13 13 14 7 11 11 14 12 17 17 2.809 -0.319 Titans 28 31 32 30 23 29 27 32 32 26 2.864 -1.886 49ers 32 29 29 24 32 30 31 28 24 32 2.879 -0.776 Lions 31 26 28 23 31 32 32 31 26 29 2.914 0.242 Saints 19 22 21 11 19 19 18 16 15 20 3.066 1.066 Falcons 17 19 13 8 9 14 13 11 12 14 3.162 -1.196 Buccaneers 25 30 30 31 26 28 19 27 27 30 3.348 1.092 Dolphins 20 16 20 26 28 23 20 22 21 18 3.382 0.124 Eagles 12 9 9 14 14 9 16 14 10 4 3.390 0.342 Redskins 18 27 24 28 16 21 22 23 28 25 3.868 -1.166 Cowboys 26 18 19 13 22 20 24 20 14 15 4.036 1.258 Bears 29 28 27 15 25 27 26 26 29 31 4.124 1.553 Ravens 16 14 16 29 24 15 21 19 18 16 4.445 -0.272 Colts 21 15 22 22 27 25 28 21 16 12 4.949 0.005 Vikings 27 11 12 12 13 17 15 8 9 19 5.311 0.087 Raiders 8 23 18 17 10 13 10 13 22 24 5.546 0.168 Jets 5 12 11 21 2 6 4 10 20 9 6.066 2.487
Observations:
Wow that's quite a discrepancy for among the ratings for the Jets, Raiders, and Vikings.
19 of 32 teams saw their consistency improve this week.
So on the subjective list, 11 of the top 16 most consistently-ranked teams were in the NFC. On the objective list, 10 of the top 16 most consistently-ranked teams are AFC teams. So while the pundits can't pin down the AFC, the stats aren't having many issues.
Overall Average
Subj vs Obj Subj Avg Obj Avg Average Change in Value Patriots 1.000 1.200 1.100 0.082 Bengals 2.500 2.900 2.700 0.902 Broncos 2.667 3.800 3.233 3.047 Packers 5.250 4.800 5.025 -2.180 Cardinals 5.917 4.500 5.208 0.887 Panthers 3.917 7.100 5.508 -0.235 Seahawks 9.417 8.000 8.708 1.622 Steelers 12.167 7.800 9.983 -0.612 Falcons 8.417 13.000 10.708 -2.378 Vikings 7.750 14.300 11.025 0.611 Jets 12.500 10.000 11.250 -3.587 Rams 10.167 12.900 11.533 2.975 Raiders 10.750 15.800 13.275 4.089 Eagles 16.083 11.100 13.592 -1.372 Saints 14.083 18.000 16.042 1.875 Chiefs 20.917 11.700 16.308 4.665 Giants 15.583 17.600 16.592 -3.342 Bills 18.083 16.200 17.142 -0.797 Dolphins 17.500 21.400 19.450 -4.639 Colts 20.250 20.900 20.575 -1.113 Cowboys 22.500 19.100 20.800 -0.921 Ravens 23.917 18.800 21.358 3.040 Redskins 20.417 23.200 21.808 -0.789 Chargers 25.667 21.900 23.783 -1.241 Buccaneers 22.417 27.300 24.858 3.392 Texans 26.333 24.700 25.517 3.074 Bears 25.833 26.300 26.067 -0.090 Browns 25.667 26.900 26.283 -1.533 Jaguars 28.000 29.800 28.900 0.020 49ers 30.083 29.100 29.592 -2.804 Titans 30.750 29.000 29.875 -1.678 Lions 31.500 28.900 30.200 -0.965
Observations:
Patriots playing well (duh)
3 of the top 12 teams come from the NFC West.
The Dolphins surge has come to a halt.
Overall Standard Deviation
Subj vs Obj Subj Avg Obj Avg STD DEV Change in Value Patriots 1.000 1.200 0.417 -0.147 Bengals 2.500 2.900 0.819 -0.620 Packers 5.250 4.800 1.022 -0.412 Broncos 2.667 3.800 1.370 -2.043 Cardinals 5.917 4.500 1.814 -1.065 Panthers 3.917 7.100 2.035 -0.028 Seahawks 9.417 8.000 2.152 -1.088 Titans 30.750 29.000 2.246 -1.821 Texans 26.333 24.700 2.290 -0.240 49ers 30.083 29.100 2.327 -0.562 Bills 18.083 16.200 2.334 -1.300 Browns 25.667 26.900 2.354 -0.307 Jaguars 28.000 29.800 2.386 -0.015 Lions 31.500 28.900 2.401 -0.177 Giants 15.583 17.600 2.463 -0.657 Rams 10.167 12.900 2.791 -0.369 Saints 14.083 18.000 2.974 0.684 Steelers 12.167 7.800 2.979 0.328 Chargers 25.667 21.900 3.198 0.418 Falcons 8.417 13.000 3.408 -0.046 Redskins 20.417 23.200 3.482 -0.572 Dolphins 17.500 21.400 3.493 0.515 Buccaneers 22.417 27.300 3.523 0.908 Colts 20.250 20.900 3.652 -0.005 Bears 25.833 26.300 3.674 0.287 Eagles 16.083 11.100 3.798 -0.198 Cowboys 22.500 19.100 3.937 1.351 Jets 12.500 10.000 4.508 1.582 Raiders 10.750 15.800 4.617 -0.020 Ravens 23.917 18.800 4.619 -0.696 Vikings 7.750 14.300 4.919 0.333 Chiefs 20.917 11.700 5.336 0.294
Difference in Averages
Subj vs Obj Subj Avg Obj Avg Diff. in Avg Change in Value Vikings 7.750 14.300 6.550 1.277 Raiders 10.750 15.800 5.050 0.323 Buccaneers 22.417 27.300 4.883 1.383 Falcons 8.417 13.000 4.583 1.424 Saints 14.083 18.000 3.917 1.750 Dolphins 17.500 21.400 3.900 2.612 Panthers 3.917 7.100 3.183 0.637 Redskins 20.417 23.200 2.783 1.912 Rams 10.167 12.900 2.733 -0.616 Giants 15.583 17.600 2.017 0.517 Jaguars 28.000 29.800 1.800 -0.541 Browns 25.667 26.900 1.233 -1.267 Broncos 2.667 3.800 1.133 -1.761 Colts 20.250 20.900 0.650 -0.608 Bears 25.833 26.300 0.467 -2.488 Bengals 2.500 2.900 0.400 -1.305 Patriots 1.000 1.200 0.200 -0.164 Packers 5.250 4.800 -0.450 -1.306 49ers 30.083 29.100 -0.983 -1.225 Seahawks 9.417 8.000 -1.417 1.424 Cardinals 5.917 4.500 -1.417 0.227 Texans 26.333 24.700 -1.633 1.185 Titans 30.750 29.000 -1.750 1.189 Bills 18.083 16.200 -1.883 2.261 Jets 12.500 10.000 -2.500 -0.992 Lions 31.500 28.900 -2.600 0.597 Cowboys 22.500 19.100 -3.400 -1.824 Chargers 25.667 21.900 -3.767 -4.684 Steelers 12.167 7.800 -4.367 -1.443 Eagles 16.083 11.100 -4.983 0.911 Ravens 23.917 18.800 -5.117 2.588 Chiefs 20.917 11.700 -9.217 -1.997
Observations:
So yeah, how about those Vikings. They seem impressive, don't they? Ehhh maybe they've just been beating up on lesser opponents?
The subjective rankers seem to like the Raiders more than the stats back them up. Is it a case of low expectations to start the season holding them up because they have a winning record now and so that's better than most expected?
As I was saying above about the subjective rankings keying in on the NFC? 8 of the 10 most "over-ranked" teams are NFC teams. Conversely, 8 of the 11 most "under-ranked" teams are AFC teams.
Whether pundits just don't believe in the Chiefs without Jamaal Charles, or they're playing more impressively than anyone realizes, the Chiefs are way better than they're getting credit for.
I was pointing out last week that the Ravens were much better than their record indicated and that anyone wanted to give them credit. So the loss in Baltimore was no big surprise to me.
Sources
Gregg Popovich and Brad Stevens ran into history. We knew The Trilogy was coming. LeBron James is going to his seventh(!) consecutive Finals. The Warriors assembled the greatest team ever, on paper at least. The Dubs and Cavs wiped out the field — they have higher playoff net ratings than any team since 1997. There's nothing their opponents could do to stop them. Popovich and Stevens positioned their squads to give it a go, but resistance proved futile. The Spurs almost took Game 1 against the Warriors. The Celtics stole Game 3 in Cleveland. In the face of two superpowers converging on the Finals, San Antonio and Boston reached their peaks. Along the way in a season that felt predestined from the start of training camp, Popovich remained a stabilizing force, while Stevens continued to lay a Spursian foundation.
“I thought we had a great season. I'm really happy for the group. There's only one happy team out of 30. At the end of the day, everybody else is sad at some point,” Popovich said one day after his Spurs were swept by the Warriors. “But if you have half a brain, you put things in perspective.” In doing so, you'll find the Spurs had significant roster turnover for a Popovich team, with seven new players. It was their first year without Tim Duncan's presence on the floor. Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili didn't get any younger. Kawhi Leonard spent his first season as the featured scorer. The Spurs still managed 61 wins with a plus-7.9 net rating, and a trip to the Western Conference finals. They had a 100.9 defensive rating, with Pau Gasol and David Lee anchoring the defense. The 2016–17 Spurs reached their peak.
San Antonio made the playoffs for the 20th straight season. They've accomplished this because the front office and Pop's coaching staff has preached sustainability through the value of continuity and character. Superstars fall short of expectations so often across sports — it's the culture and players around them that enable them to perform at the highest of levels. The culture installed by Popovich persists, even in a post-Duncan world.
The Celtics are building — they hope — a similar foundation. They have a coach in Stevens who shares Popovich's ability to maximize his roster. It sounds obvious, but a coach can only manage the players he's given. They can't worry about what they might do if they had this guy or that guy: they need to make whatever they have work best. Maximizing his roster has always been Stevens's speciality, going back to his time at Butler, where he led the Bulldogs to back-to-back title games against elite-level opponents. Stevens never reached the mountaintop at Butler, but the same qualities of those Bulldogs teams are found in these Celtics.
Let's be totally honest here: This year's Celtics roster is merely adequate. Isaiah Thomas and Al Horford are stars, but beyond that, the players are just fine, or they're young. There's talent to be sure, but so much of Boston's success is usage-based. And yet, the team still won 53 games, and was one of only five teams (along with the Warriors, Spurs, Jazz, and Raptors) to have a top-12 offensive and defensive rating. They also made it to the Eastern Conference finals and won a game even after losing Isaiah. “They had to kind of reshape,” LeBron James said after the Celtics lost IT to injury, “and that's the beauty of having Brad Stevens as your coach. You're able to reshape what you do offensively and still be in a good rhythm. It's been challenging for us … [He's] been killing us on ATOs and keeping us off balance.”
What LeBron means by “ATOs” is after-timeout plays — when a coach calls a timeout, draws up a play, and then the team executes. Stevens is one of the best in the NBA at them, and it shows in the stats: the Celtics ranked third in points per possession scored off ATOs, per Synergy Sports. “He has so many different wrinkles, misdirection, thinking the ball is going this way, he has a misdirection going the other way,” LeBron said. “You've got to kind of keep your head on a swivel. He has a lot of packages. So you can plan for a few, but then he might run something you've never seen before.”
Schemes, playbooks, and X's and O's all matter in coaching. But what matters most is player development and getting players to commit to getting better every day. “Those character traits are going to be important moving forward,” Stevens said after Game 5, “that they continue to be passed on from the guys in that locker room.” What makes the Spurs is that they've established an institutional culture that enables them to sustain success, and plug and play new pieces.
The Celtics are still in the process of building their program. They miraculously won Game 3 in Cleveland, but they've also suffered setbacks like Game 5, when they came out without any fight from the opening tip. It was a moment very much unlike the rest of their season. Their execution fell apart. The team lacked life. The Celtics didn't run away, but it's like they knew they were in for a spanking from LeBron and the Cavs.
Just like San Antonio, Boston reached its peak, too. Both of them lost their star to injury. Both of them made positive strides. Both of them fell short. “It's a good step forward as a season as a whole,” Stevens said after the Celtics lost Game 5. “I told our guys that we made a lot of great strides, but this pain is part of the path to what we ultimately want to be.”
It remains to be seen how many players on their respective rosters will return, because both teams are at a turning point with big decisions ahead. The Spurs will need to decide how to maneuver this transition phase in the post-Duncan era, while the Celtics have the no. 1 pick and can create cap space to make a run at Gordon Hayward. Whether or not both teams accomplish their offseason goals, they are in good hands with their coaches. Ownership and the front office can feel confident that the talent put out on the floor will at least meet, if not exceed, whatever expectations are set for the team.
It could be a long and winding road for the Spurs and Celtics to ever return to the Finals, but they'll continue to make incremental progress each year as — they hope — the gap closes on their conference roadblocks. “I don't have any objectives, other than winning the whole thing,” Stevens said. “That's the only goal you shoot for. Because then if you don't, if you put your goals lower, you create a ceiling for your team.”
If Trump did fire Mueller, it would be the third time in his tenure that Trump tried to get a law-enforcement official who was investigating him or his associates to close a case and, having failed, fired the official.
Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, was, according to a Bloomberg report on Thursday, investigating financial dealings involving Trump, his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and others. After winning the presidency, Trump told Bharara he intended to keep him in his job. Trump then worked to cultivate Bharara, placing repeated phone calls to him. Bharara refused to take the calls, saying they violated protocol. Trump then fired him, along with most other U.S. attorneys, in March. (Bloomberg reports Mueller has taken over the investigation Bharara started.)
Something similar happened with FBI Director James Comey. Trump invited Comey to dinner in January, where, according to Comey, Trump asked him for loyalty; Comey offered only “honest loyalty.” The following month, after National-Security Adviser Michael Flynn was forced to step down for lying to Vice President Pence about conversations with the Russian ambassador, Trump asked Comey to find a way to let Flynn ago, according to memos Comey wrote at the time. Comey did not, and in May, Trump fired him—citing the Russia probe as the reason in an interview with NBC News's Lester Holt.
Mueller's situation now looks eerily similar. The special counsel is known to be looking into Trump and his associates, both in their relations with Russia in the campaign and in their business dealings. Trump sent two of his lawyers to meet with Mueller, to ask him to wrap the investigation swiftly. Now, he has issued a warning to Mueller through the press. (His lawyers say they are cooperating with the investigation.) It's difficult to believe that the special counsel will be intimidated. Mueller, himself a former FBI director, has a strong reputation for independence and doggedness. He might be even less susceptible to political pressure than Bharara and Comey, both of whom, while well-regarded for honesty, are sometimes accused of political ambition. (Mueller's aversion to attention means it's harder to know what's going on inside his team, which doesn't leak much.)
This places Trump and Mueller on a collision path. Either the president will have to fire the special counsel for doing exactly the same things that got Bharara and Comey axed, or he'll have to sit and seethe as Mueller pokes into his taxes, his business, and who knows what else.
In mid-June, Chris Ruddy, a friend of Trump's and the CEO of Newsmax, told PBS's NewsHour that Trump was considering firing Mueller, on the basis that he had spoken to Mueller about the job of FBI director days before Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed him special counsel. The president felt that created a conflict of interest, but cooler heads in the White House seem to have convinced him firing Mueller was unwise.
I know I haven't said it yet, but I'll be at the American Atheist Convention in Memphis for like, five days this year. I'll be doing a workshop, giving a talk, hosting a panel…it's going to be a big time and I hope to see some of you there. 🙂
One of the best parts for me will be getting to see (and hopefully meet) some of the cast of Mystery Science Theater 3000. MST3K was one of my favorite shows as a kid (I've literally seen every episode). When it was announced they would riff on a Christian movie at AA I about pooped my pants.
Then I woke up this morning to find a press release in my inbox: that movie would be God's Not Dead:
On Tuesday, American Atheists announced that it will feature a screening of the 2014 Christian film God's Not Dead starring Kevin Sorbo at its 2015 National Convention in Memphis, April 2-5 . Comedians Trace Bealieu and Frank Conniff, best known for their roles in the sci-fi comedy TV show Mystery Science Theater 3000 , will riff on the film in the presence of a live audience. The screening will be Sunday, April 5. Those who wish to attend the screening must purchase a convention ticket.
I've been wrong all this time. There is a heaven and I've found it.
Oh, wait, it gets even better. The other day American Atheists made this tweet:
If you had told younger me that one day my name would be mentioned along with the cast of MST3K, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, and Matt Dillahunty I probably would've told you I wasn't buying whatever you were selling. My life is so strange, so surreal at times. I'm so very, very lucky.
For those wanting a copy, I have some sad news. I contacted Danielle Muscato at American Atheists about it and got this back:
Unfortunately, no! This is a special treat just for 2015 American Atheists National Convention attendees. Our license agreement for God's Not Dead only allows us to screen it in Memphis for the convention, not to redistribute it. We have good news, though—your ticket to the screening is included free with your convention registration, available online at atheists.org/convention2015. We can't wait to see you all there!
I guess we'll all just have to go to Memphis. We can make a cuddle pile in my room.
This week - in New York City - Nintendo invited us to play Hey! Pikmin, the first title in the series developed outside of Nintendo's internal teams. Hey! Pikmin is being developed by Arzest, the studio behind Yoshi's New Island, which failed to make a big splash with 3DS owners.
Hey! Pikmin takes a totally new approach with the franchise. Rather than a spacious open world for you to explore full of puzzles for you to solve, Hey! Pikmin is much more straightforward and adopts a 2D approach. Levels are side-scrolling, with the Circle Pad being used to move Captain Olimar around the screen. You start the game out with a jetpack and a whistle; the whistle serves the same function it did in the original Pikmin titles, which is to round up your adorable little plant helpers.
The objective also remains the same, which is collecting items to return to your ship to generate fuel for a return trip home. This time around, however, rather than having your Pikmin deliver these items you have a convenient teleporter that will move the item back to the ship for you once your pikmin have lifted it off the ground.
In a way the game feels a bit like Pikmin meets Donkey Kong Country. You move side to side and as you see enemies or obstacles you tap the screen to throw Pikmin at the problem. We were told there would be multiple paths you could follow, though we only had the time to try the game's opening stages.
Since all non-movement actions are done using the touch screen, such as blowing your whistle by tapping the bottom-right-hand corner or having Pikmin pick up 'Sparklenium' for you by tapping its location on the screen - and seeing a Pikmin launch toward it - 3DS face buttons can be used for movement; left-handed players don't get left out in the cold. Each mission ends with you reaching the goal for that area; it's a process that will be familiar to those who have played Nintendo's older games, but would feel foreign to more recent Pikmin fans.
Once you beat a stage you can go to Pikmin Park. In Pikmin Park any Pikmin you bring with you as companions to the end of a stage will hang out, waiting for a command - there are different sections of the park, each containing their own obstacles for you to deploy the little creatures to. We were told the Pikmin will bring back fuel for Olimar's ship, but were unable to confirm this in the demo we played; in any case the loop of clearing stages, then using accumulated Pikmin in the Park to grab fuel, is starting to become clear.
Visually, Hey! Pikmin looks pretty nice. It's still neat to see a bunch of pikmin lifting an electric toothbrush like it's the find of the century. Of the three stages we played each of them seemed a bit on the short side. however, and we weren't able to get numbers indicating how long a typical playthrough would take, unfortunately. The levels we tried only contained one type of Pikmin at a time, though we're told that can change as well. We weren't given any details on how you choose the type of Pikmin you would be using in a particular level, but we'll keep our eyes open for more details in the coming weeks.
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
Right now, from what we played, we're cautiously optimistic about Hey! Pikmin. It looks and plays well, but it could also potentially get tiring quickly. As release gets closer we'll naturally give it the full review treatment, but for now let us know what you think of it in the comments.
Contrary to the sleepy image it has acquired in recent decades, Haifa was once a global destination. Shay Falkon, who owns a roasted-nut shop in the lower city, received an object lesson in the city's history recently while repainting a wall in his store. He discovered a battle-scene mural: a downed fighter plane in the sea, warships flying French, British and Turkish flags, cannons, casualties and explosions.
Falkon, the third generation of his family in the nut and seed roasting business, is an amateur historian who enjoys reading about the Ottoman Empire and the British Mandate. He seemed almost taken aback to hear that a visitor earlier last month had made the hour-plus journey from Tel Aviv to see his find. "You came especially for this? Really?" he asked, with a broad smile.
Shay Falkon and the mural inside his Haifa shop. 'Anyone born in a city should know its history.' Hagai Fried
His store, housed in a 19th-century Ottoman building, had previous incarnations as a pharmacy and as a storeroom. Two years ago Falkon decided to renovate it for the family business. "We were plastering, and suddenly I saw something brown on the wall. I peeled it away gently and saw a head. I realized there was something there, but decided to leave it for the time being," he recalls.
And so it was for several months, until self-proclaimed "history buff" Yair Bunzel walked in as a customer. Bunzel, who works in information technology at Zim Shipping, in turn, asked Shai Farkash, a relative of his wife's, to see the painting.
Farkash specializes in documenting and preserving murals and other paintings, and for the past several years he has traveled around Israel searching for hidden and forgotten specimens of the art. He uses a technique he learned abroad to restore shapes and hues buried under generations of dust and plaster, revealing whole swaths of history.
Slowly, Farkash's work crew uncovered the entire painting, which turned out to be 480 centimeters by 140 centimeters - "huge by any standard," he says. Farkash also began looking into the story behind the painting. He initially thought it depicted Napoleon's conquest of Haifa, in 1799, a theory that was reinforced by the presence of the French ship. A more likely hypothesis is that the mural documents an event that occurred more than a century later, a battle in World War I involving British and French forces fighting against Turkey.
A few intriguing details in the painting led to this conclusion. Sa'ar Nudel, an archaeologist and historical weapons expert who works at the Israeli National Maritime Museum and at the Haifa City Museum, was able to identify in the mural a seaplane with long floats, of the type the British forces used in the war.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Gil Gordon, an architect who specializes in the German communities in Palestine, determined that the cannon depicted in the painting was a German model that was used in the World War I to protect the coasts. Additional corroboration of the new timeline came from the railway om the painting, clearly part of the Haifa-Damascus line, which was dedicated in 1905.
The French warship may have been the one involved in notorious incident that took place shortly before the end of the war, the background to which was a territorial dispute between French monks and German Templers.
In May 1915 Turkish soldiers destroyed a monument to Napoleon's troops at the Stella Maris Carmelite Monastery, high on the slopes of Mount Carmel. The monks accused the German consul of inciting the Turks against them. In response the French navy sent in the Ernest Renan, an armored cruiser, which shelled the German consul's residence. This might be the ship depicted in the painting.
After the war ended, in 1918, the British took over Haifa and the Ottoman Empire came to an end, after 400 years. Since then Haifa has been targeted by artillery in World War II, the Sinai Campaign, the 1991 Gulf War and in the Second Lebanon War, in 2006.
The mural's restoration is proceeding apace. Last week the painter and restorer Eli Shaltiel joined the team. He exposed the signature of the original artist: one Adib Kamal, of Syria. More work is needed to complete the puzzle, and it's a costly business. Falkon has been paying for the project himself. Farkash hopes to get the money needed to complete the restoration from the city and preservation organizations.
Falkon himself is proud of his store's new attraction. "Anyone who was born in a city should know its history," he says. "Maybe it will help to decipher something or to corroborate information. Even a little. It's intriguing." Looking outside, Falkon points to the building across the way. Formerly the famous Hadar Cinema, it is now abandoned, forsaken. "People come here and shed a tear. It's a period that will never return." A persistent client pulls us back into the 21st century. "How much per kilo?" he asks.
The city of Montclair is a small tract of land situated between Pomona and Upland, which was once swaddled in the sweet scent of citrus trees. It used to be named Monte Vista, but there was another town of the same name in California, so a 1958 vote changed the moniker. Montclair's claim to fame has long been its prescience in building a shopping mega-complex in the postwar boom, making the city the shopping destination for citizens from surrounding areas, especially kids from the Claremont Colleges. But the less discovered gem of Montclair is the Mission Tiki Drive-In Theater.
From Los Angeles, it's about an hour drive, so plan ahead for some car time (I listened to two units of an Italian-language lesson: Io capisco un po d'Italiano!). I highly recommend arriving to the theater at least an hour before the first film of the double feature begins. In most cases, you'll want to aim for around 7:15 p.m. for an 8:15 showtime — you'll have four double bills to choose from, and most, if not all, are first-run new releases.
Pack as if you're going to a picnic in the park. To enjoy the drive-in like a pro, your fantasy supply list for the night should include: folding lawn chairs; a blanket; a battery-powered boombox with FM radio; and a picnic basket filled with La Croix, hummus, pitas, olives, multiple cheeses, fruit and baguette. It's not necessary to sit outside of your car — running your battery for the FM sound output is completely acceptable, and it's even recommended on a windy day. But on a nice summer night, it's fun to be under the stars.
Continue Reading
Now that you're packed, you can get on the highway. From the 10 eastbound, the shopping centers are visible, and while the drive-in isn't far from the Indian Hill Boulevard exit, you'll still have to travel a bit south to get there. On your way, you'll pass by Juanita's Drive-In, an In-N-Out and Rosy's Tacos; the theater has a full concession stand, but remember that you'll be there for a minimum of six hours if you stay for both films. Vegans and gluten-free folks will have to think ahead to bring dinner, which is a snap if you hit up Pho Ha Vietnamese cafe off the freeway, or if you take a quick detour north to Loving Hut Organic.
Then you arrive at the drive-in. As you cross over the bridge, you'll see the giant screens rise up on the horizon on your right — don't miss the entrance right after the bridge.
Once at the theater, you'll join the line of cars. Until the drive-in officially opens, people toss Frisbees and footballs to pass the time, but when the ticket takers open their booths, folks are anything but lackadaisical in the rush to find their perfect spot — which is why it's good to be there early.
You'll want to find a spot about four rows back from the screen and dead center. If you've got a hatchback, maybe park so you can open that up to camp, but make sure you know how to kill your interior lights before you try it. Nothing ruins the drive-in mood like some asshole with his lights on.
EXPAND Mission Tiki Drive-In Theater in Montclair Courtesy Mission Tiki Drive-In
You can set up your chairs and crack open a La Croix right away or head to the concession stand, which is designed to look like a tiki hut. The theater was built in 1956, right before Montclair hit its shopping-center heyday, but the tiki theme came in a 2006 renovation, which updated the tech to premium digital projection.
The concession stand got an update, too, with a full kitchen, though most of the Mexican-food menu isn't available at night. Like most drive-ins, Mission Tiki operates as a swap meet during the day, and that's when you can order the chilaquiles. At night, it offers spiced-up movie-theater fare: slutty gas-station chips and nacho cheese, bacon-wrapped hot dogs, whole pizzas, churros and buckets of popcorn with a do-it-yourself fake-butter dispenser. Ask whoever's working at the register if they're serving any of the burritos and quesadillas, if you're so inclined, because most of the time they'll accommodate you with a secret, limited menu.
With all the amenities taken care of, the only thing left to do is party it up with your friends in this humongous parking lot until the sun sets and the first previews play. (You could also visit the theater's odd tiki-head garden for a peaceful reprieve.)
Aside from stargazing and having an excuse to slurp up nacho cheese, the best part of a drive-in is the communal experience, where you can lean over to your movie mates and comment on how ridiculously unbelievable that CGI scene was, which would normally get you shushed out of an ArcLight. And for $9, you get to see two films in the open air, as if you've hit your head and traveled back in time.
10798 Ramona Ave., Montclair; (909) 628-0511, missiontiki.com.
SOCAL DRIVE-INS
If you're down for a drive-in road trip, check out these other theaters in Southern California.
Skyline Drive-in Theater: The Skyline has been holding down the desert movie crowd in Barstow since 1964 but added a second screen to its tiny operation in 2000. Other than that, this theater and its iconic mustard-yellow concession shop have retained their midcentury style and charm. The Skyline gets a fair amount of wind, which interrupts screenings, so check the weather before heading out. You can always drop in at the Route 66 or Western American Railroad museums to kill time if there are delays. 31175 Old Hwy. 58, Barstow; (760) 256-3333.
Smith's Ranch Drive-in Theater: This drive-in has a history dating back to the 1920s, when the Smith family came to the desert to homestead. Their property became a gathering place and at one point held a school for the children, who all had jobs somewhere on the ranch — some lucky kid got to be the projectionist. Today, it's 5 bucks a head to see blockbusters on the big screen, but the historical value of this place is priceless. After a day of trekking around the Wall Street Mill trail and gambling at Tortoise Rock Casino, relax with a movie under the stars. 4584 Adobe Road, Twentynine Palms; (760) 367-7713, 29drive-in.com.
Rubidoux Drive-in Theater and Van Buren Drive-in Theater: Riverside is the rare city with dueling drive-ins; both are now owned by the same folks, so there's no competition. Each has an impressive history — Rubidoux opened in 1948 to entertain postwar suburbanites, and Van Buren opened in 1964 on what was once a sprawling orange grove. Both boast a $9 double feature to keep you (and the kids) entertained for the night. Check out the Castle Park carnival rides nearby if you need an intermission. Van Buren Drive-In, 3035 Van Buren Blvd., Riverside; (951) 688-2360, vanburendriveintheatre.com. Rubidoux Drive-In, 3770 Opal St., Riverside; (951) 683-4455, rubidouxdrivein.com.
West Wind Santa Barbara Drive-in Movie Theater: The West Wind is owned by the nation's largest drive-in theater company, which finds defunct lots ravaged by nature and neglect and renovates them with state-of-the-art technology. The West Wind is so close to the coast that you can feel and smell that beach air blowing through your car windows. In the summer, expect special events such as Luau Night, where singers and dancers entertain before screenings. The retro arcade is open the entire night. 907 S. Kellogg Ave, Goleta; (805) 964-9050, westwinddi.com.
It was Brooklyn versus the Trappist monks — and Brooklyn blinked.
Last year, the Brooklyn Brewery began producing a refermented ale called Brooklyn Local 1, borrowing a method perfected in the Trappist abbeys of Belgium.
Steve Hindy, the president and cofounder of the brewery, said he and the brewmaster, Garrett Oliver, “had always been fascinated by Belgian-style beers and knew we could produce them here” — here being North 11th Street, within sight of the Williamsburg waterfront. In the eight-week process, the ale comes out of fermentation tanks flat and is allowed to ferment again in the bottle.
Working with his longtime designer, Milton Glaser, Mr. Hindy came up with an amber bottle design featuring a double embossed ring at the base of the neck. It was not unlike the single-ringed bottle used by the Westmalle Abbey in Belgium and by the New Belgium Brewing Company of Fort Collins, Colo. But it was not so much like the older design that Mr. Hindy discerned any potential problem.
Until Kim Jordan of New Belgium, an old friend, picked up the phone a few months later.
“Why didn't you call me before coming out with this bottle?” he recalled her asking. She explained that she had been through protracted negotiations with the monks of Westmalle on the use of a ringed bottle in the United States. The result was the creation of a joint venture whose purpose was to own and control the ringed bottle trademark in this country. While Ms. Jordan was reluctant to sue Mr. Hindy, she told him it was her duty under the partnership to defend the trademark.
Mr. Hindy, already involved in trademark litigation of his own, concluded, “One of those suits is plenty.” He agreed to abandon the double rings and to redesign the bottles, which are made in Germany, at a cost of about $60,000 for new molds. The brewery started shipping out the ring-free bottles this fall.
With the episode behind him, Mr. Hindy is now prepared to concede the monks' strategic advantage. “God is on their side,” he said.
I don't often agree with legislation sponsored by Virginia Republicans, but this bill by Del. Nicholas Freitas (R-30th), providing for “Instant Runoff Voting” (IRV) ” in elections for statewide offices, the United States Senate, the United States House of Representatives, and the General Assembly” looks like a winner to me.
For an excellent explanation regarding why IRV “should be a thing,” see Dave Leichtman's post from 2014. Here's an excerpt:
Preference balloting enables what's called an “Instant Runoff.” Normally, in a single-election election, if you require the winner to achieve a majority of votes (as opposed to the commonly used plurality) and nobody does, it's necessary to call a second runoff election. Asking people to vote twice incurs more costs, more voter fatigue, and reduces turnout. But if you allow voters to specify who their vote would go to in the event of a runoff, you enable an instant runoff. You can determine who gets a majority by reallocating the second-preference votes for voters whose candidates were eliminated in earlier rounds of balloting.
This is, in essence, more “free and fair.” Asking that a winning candidate receive a majority (or at least, in this case, a majority of preference votes), helps unify voters behind that candidate through investiture. It also simply increases the number of people who produced the result – a critical component when you consider that in a place like Arlington, the Democratic primary is likely to decide the general election.
A “no brainer,” right? Seems like it to me. So…does anyone have a strong counterargument to IRV? If so, I'd be interested in hearing it — because I definitely haven't heard it yet.
Another year, another opportunity to be insufferable. Let's do this.
Another year has passed and, yes, another year has arrived. And, if you're a lazy beer geek like me, you've already let a few days pass in 2015 without scribbling some New Year's resolutions on the back of a coaster or bar napkin (due to that massive hangover you've been nursing ever since New Year's Eve).
Now, it goes without saying your top resolution is to finally get rid of that (craft) beer gut. Yeah, right. You try to get rid of it every year. But, of course, “ticking” 50 different beers a week is somewhat anathema to washboard abs and an iliac furrow. Instead, try to conquer some achievable resolutions this year. Here's a start:
Start strictly using hops-infused toiletries and bathroom products.
Even your pores and follicles should have a palate as sophisticated as the one in your mouth.
Wear logo t-shirts from breweries so arcane, no one has actually heard of them.
Everyone has a Hill Farmstead and Toppling Goliath shirt. But you are the only one with an Ampersand Artisan Ales t-shirt. And, yes, their shit is goooooood.
Finally organize your beer “cellar.”
That beat-up Cutty Sark box at the back of your coat closet ain't cutting it any more. And your roommate needs more room for his action-figure collection anyhow.
Befriend a new, local retailer to the point he holds rare stuff “in the back” for you.
Just don't befriend him to the point you ever have to have a conversation with him regarding anything besides new beer releases.
Insist on using only proper glassware for every single beer you consume this year.
If you don't have a logo-clad Teku glass from Carton Brewing, you are not allowed to drink that can of 077XX a trading partner sent you. It surely wouldn't have tasted as good out of your New York Jets shaker pint.
Always sprinkle your beer conversations with indecipherable abbreviations and slang.
“Anyone knows why FW18 is shelf-turding in PNW?”
Hoard beers for so long that by the time you finally drink them they have “fallen off.”
Then excoriate them on Beer Advocate. Rare beer is for displaying in your home, bragging about on the Internet, and dangling as trade bait for other beers you would likewise display and brag about.
Trick a loved one into going to some podunk town on “vacation.”
“I hear Tillamook is lovely this time of year. Oh! What's this…a highly-acclaimed brewery?!”
Spend literally every single weekend standing in industrial district parking lots, waiting for beer releases.
There will be nothing more worthwhile to do on Saturdays in 2015. #FactsOnly
Devote more Internet time to looking at #beerporn on Instagram and Imgur than actual porn.
Consider an image of some stranger's massive Lawson's Finest haul more erotic than even the most salacious gym selfie.
Redefine what you consider a “fresh” IPA.
Ten days are now out-of-date in your opinion, and you wouldn't dare pour that malty swill down your throat.
Interrupt all private conversations you overhear at the bar to correct minor misstatements.
“Actually, that's a gueuze. Lambics aren't blended. (Idiot.)”
Become really into an obscure style of beer that hardly any American breweries make.
Gruits, gratzers, and/or kvass should work nicely. Saisons and bière de gardes have just become so basic.
Boldly proclaim a highly-acclaimed and highly-coveted beer is officially not good anymore.
Pliny? Weak. Heady? Pshaw. Zombie Dust? Garbage. Declare even harder-to-get beers are the only ones worth a damn nowadays.
Review all 75 beers you drink at a beer festival.
Even if you only had a one-ounce sample of each and can barely remember most.
Proudly “drain pour” beers most people would give their left arm to try.
Give the beers a 3 on Untappd just to show you didn't even hate them. You're just so awesome you will drain pour average stuff in the year 2015.
Drink every beer at a brewery's total tap takeover.
Spend the next morning having a total yak takeover with your toilet bowl.
Continue insisting to people that, despite drinking a couple bombers of high-ABV beer a night, you are not an alcoholic.
Because an alcoholic would drink Blue Moon in a pinch, and you would never dream of touching that shit.
Actually kiss someone on New Year's Eve 2015 at midnight.
It's surely better than splitting a rare bottle of Cantillon Don Quijote with 20 other pasty basement dwellers. Or is it?
Aaron Goldfarb (@aarongoldfarb is the author of The Guide for a Single Man and The Guide for a Single Woman.
RELATED: What Will Be the Next Heady Topper?
RELATED: The Beer Geek Self-Improvement Guide
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 28, 2017, 12:30 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 28, 2017, 12:30 AM GMT By Phil McCausland and Daniel Arkin
HOUSTON — Jordy Bloodsworth knows what it's like to lose everything in a storm. He can remember the panic he felt when Hurricane Katrina struck 12 years ago, wiping away his possessions.
"I've been a victim of this," said Bloodsworth, 25, who lives in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. "I feel like I've got do something."
He sprang into action on Sunday afternoon, loading up his car with gear and supplies. He was headed to Houston, 18-foot fishing boat in tow, to help rescue people trapped in their homes amid catastrophic flooding let loose by Hurricane Harvey.
"If I can get there before daylight, then I'll feel good," he said in a phone interview.
Bloodsworth is one of the original members of an armada of volunteer boaters known collectively as the "Cajun Navy." They were heroes during deadly floods in Louisiana last year, sailing into swamped neighborhoods on search-and-rescue missions.
Related: Why Does Houston Flood So Often?
And now, as Houston reckons with disastrous floods, the members of the Cajun Navy are just some of the countless Americans trying to save lives, scrambling to keep up with nonstop calls for help.
Rescuers worked tirelessly throughout Sunday, plucking scores of people from streets that had turned into rushing rivers of floodwaters. Helicopters landed near deluged freeways, while authorities and good Samaritans paddled through waterlogged areas with kayaks and canoes.
Authorities rescue an elderly woman from rising water in Houston. Jon Shapley / Houston chronicle via AP
Monica Rodriguez, 32, and her three children — two teenagers and a toddler — were taken to safety by a jet skier Sunday after more than two days trapped in her Houston apartment.
"It got really bad yesterday," she said. "The first floor [of the apartment building] was entirely covered" by floodwaters.
Rodriguez and her kids were rescued by Crickett Erwin, 46, and her fiancé, Alan Parker, 49 — "two civilians just wanting to help," as Erwin said.
"I'm going out there because I have children myself," she said. "I've been [rescuing] moms and babies and kids. I feel bad that they can't get food. They're scared.
"If I have the opportunity to have jet skis, to be able to go in there and bring 'em back. ... It makes you feel good that you can help somebody like that," she said.
Erwin, who has three kids of her own, had no interest in patting herself on the back. She and Parker, who drove in from Sugar Land, Texas, had to keep searching for families.
"They're hugging me and saying I'm an angel," she said, referring to the victims. "I'm really not. I'm just a mom wanting to save other moms."
At least one person has died in flooding in Houston, officials said. The storm has been blamed for at least two deaths overall.
Houston police said Sunday afternoon that more than 1,200 people had been rescued, with more to come. The National Weather Service warned that flooding victims should go to their rooftops, not their attics, to avoid being trapped by the rushing waters.
Houston resident Sarah Bond was trapped Sunday night on the second floor of her house with her family — six other adults, a baby and two small dogs. Like so many other people across southeast Texas, she was desperate for escape.
Related: How to Help Victims of Hurricane Harvey
"We have not been rescued," Bond said in a text message. "Not too clear we can take another night's water."
Bond, concerned about conserving her cellphone battery, could not text for long. There were four elderly people trapped on the second floor of the house next door, she said.
A startling photograph of elderly women in a Texas nursing home went viral Sunday. The women, many of them in wheelchairs, were stuck in waist-deep waters, with furniture and other objects seemingly floating around the room. They were taken away from the facility in a helicopter.
William Hill, 62, rushed into Houston to pick up his aunt, whose Houston home was inundated with a foot of water or more.
"Over here, the water is just too high," said Hill, a Houston native.
As responders rushed to save people from deluged homes and stranded cars, Houston officials said emergency services were "at capacity" and warned residents to "shelter in place" and not to call 911 unless they were in "imminent danger."
Houston officials have gotten more than 2,000 calls for rescue since the storm made landfall as a Category 4 hurricane late Friday, Mayor Sylvester Turner said Sunday at a news conference.
"We have had an unprecedented amount of water," Turner said. "I don't think I need to tell anyone at this point that this is a very, very serious and unprecedented storm."
After P.J Fleck decided to row the boat to Minnesota, Western Michigan hired Tim Lester as its new head coach on Jan. 13.
But Lester wasn't the only person interested in the job. To get a better idea who else was in the running, we filed an Open Records Request to Western Michigan for all resumes and supplemental documentation sent to the school in the eight days its job was open.
We got back hundreds of pages. Here are some of the fun things we learned.
The applicants included other names you've heard of.
Lots of coaches sent in resumes, references, plans, and more. Some were high school coaches in the Midwest, head coaches at Division II or lower programs, or relatively anonymous position coaches.
But those names included Jeff Quinn, the former head coach at Buffalo and current strength coach at Notre Dame, and Al Borges, who has coached basically everywhere. Former Wolverine running back and current Jacksonville Jaguars running backs coach Tyrone Wheatley applied.
Some people applied, uh, on behalf of actual coaches.
Somebody sent in Sam Houston State head coach K.C. Keller's Wikipedia page. We're pretty sure it wasn't Keller himself.
Others wrote in to suggest specific candidates, like former Syracuse head coach Scott Shafer, or former Michigan running back and current Syracuse running backs coach Mike Hart. Multiple (!) people wrote in to suggest former NFL head coach Jerry Glanville, who played football at a directional Michigan (Northern) once upon a time.
Coaches don't just send in resumes. Sometimes they basically send along books.
When you apply for a regular job, you send a resume, a cover letter, and maybe another document or two. But some coaching candidates send exceptionally detailed plans for the football program, covering everything from day-to-day schedules to recruiting philosophy to program rules.
Former WMU defensive coordinator Ed Pinkham sent a 26-page plan, highlighting his ability to administer “tough love” to players and “refocus” Fleck on occasion, with thoughts on who he'd hire as assistants.
Lester, the man who was actually hired, included a 38 page plan, covering discipline, football philosophy, and even this bit about having a Blue Collar Mentality:
We will be a team that enjoys working hard and is willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. Blue Collar people are not afraid to get dirty and muddy. Blue Collar people are reliable and resilient. Blue Collar people are accountable and consistent. We will be a Blue Collar team. in 2012, each of our players wore gas station attendant shirts to every game (an idea I took from Jim Harbaugh). We had dog tags with BCM on them. We asked what our players wanted on their conference championship rings, the answer was BCM. It is simple and explains how we play this great game.
Wheatley had by far the most comprehensive, including a 149-page document that touched on everything from how he would develop a strength and conditioning program, when he would recruit JUCO players, what phone calls he'd make in the first 30 days, and more. It's a book.
Seriously.
Of course, that's a far cry from the 300-page binder Al Golden used in his interview with Miami.
If you'd like to look through all the data yourself, you can. We've uploaded them here, here, and here. Lester's proposal is on pages 1-38 in section 1. The entire dang Wheatley book starts on page 49 in section 2, and continues into section 3.
And also, some people just wanted to have fun.
Below are my two favorite applications:
Hi there Kathy, in light of the recent move by PJ Fleck to leave Western to coach at Minnesota I would like to throw my hat in the ring for the current job opening at head coach. My football related accomplishments include being an all conference offensive tackle in high school, 3 fantasy football championships, a 12-3 record in Madden 15 online, and currently having 2nd place in the in-house rankings for Madden 15 between my four roommates. Hiring me would definitely be a gamble. I've been known to be a bit of a wild card but weren't all the greats? God knows Woody Hayes was as unstable as a North Korean Nuke but I am very flexible, I'm not sure what the market salary is for a 19 year old head coach with almost no experience but I'm willing to settle for 1,300 dollars and a cheeseburger but that's my absolute minimum. I truly believe I have what it takes to lead WMU to the playoffs and to a national title.
Just think of all the assistants you could hire if you're only spending, oh, $1,309 on a head coach.
And our final one, I must begrudgingly admit, does make a good point about Woody Hayes.
Ms. Beauregard, I'm reaching out to you on this fine January afternoon with a proposition so bold, it is guaranteed to knock your socks RIGHT off. Any potential candidates you have been giving consideration to fill the vacant head coach position is surely wrong, because I am the lone wolf that you want and need for the job, unless of course you have already been considering me. With the departure of former head coach of football, Phillip Fleck, WMU is facing a serious blow. I can imagine that filling such a void is something that you and the university would like to handle delicately to maintain it's ELITE integrity. Now I'm sure you're wondering about the couple things at this point, so let me just break it all down for you. There is nobody else in this world that you are going to find who is more committed to excellence than me. If you don't believe me just from reading this email, then rest assured that in 2015 I once waited outside of a Metro Detroit shoe retailer for two whole hours for a new pair of Yeezy sneakers. While I never actually got the shoes because they sold out after those two hours and I got in line considerably later than most people, the naysayers couldn't keep me from the challenge. Believe me, I have tons of stories like this too, the commitment doesn't stop at shoe trends. But, REDACTED, how is this going to translate to results on the field? Simple, I never give up and neither are the boys every night when they step on the field when the find out about how seriously I take my commitments. My first order of business once you make the wide decision of hiring me, getting on the phone with ‘Bama and giving the students what they want by scheduling the first ever match-up with the Crimson Tide. A move as bold as this is going to bring in at least $1,000,000 from boosters in the first thirty minutes after the news breaks, guaranteed. The good news doesn't stop there either, after i get off the phone with Saban, my next call is going right to the gophers for a prime time game where the world gets to see the boys in brown and gold make Minnesota look like a ragtag junior varsity football program from Cuba. Now, as you can imagine, I have my hands full with plenty of offers around the nation to mold the biggest and the best sports programs that you've ever seen. I even have a pending offer with my nephew's house hockey team. So I'm sure you can imagine this offer for me expertise won't exactly been on the table for much longer than a couple days. Signed, REDACTED A proud ‘16 Bronco Alum
You heard the man. Western Michigan wants Bama.
The Atlanta Falcons' mission is to be 10 yards better than they were a year ago. That can be tough for a team that went 13-3 and at one point led 17-0 at home in the NFC Championship Game. It can also bring about pressure similar to the "0-3 in the playoffs" monkey that was on these Falcons' backs at this time last year.
Such is the burden of being a good franchise that operates like a great one but hasn't accumulated the hardware to actually be called great. Sixth-year head coach Mike Smith can average 11 wins a year, but, fair or unfair, until he reaches a Super Bowl he'll remain open to the type of second-guessing he endured last postseason. Matt Ryan can throw for 4,719 yards and 32 touchdowns like he did in 2012, but until he plays a meaningful game in February, he'll occupy Joe Flacco's old place at the front of the subtly insulting "elite or not elite" debate. Thomas Dimitroff can build and maintain a perennial contender, but the wide-held respect for the sixth-year GM won't morph into wide-held reverence until he has a ring. (Just ask Ozzie Newsome.)
So far, how have the Falcons gone about getting 10 yards better? For one, by drafting players they expect to immediately rectify their most consequential weakness: athleticism (or lack thereof) at cornerback. They traded up to take Desmond Trufant in the first round and got Robert Alford in the second. The Falcons also used free agency to replace two aging key components with slightly less-aging models: Steven Jackson (30 years old) comes in for running back Michael Turner (31), and defensive end Osi Umenyiora (31) replaces and John Abraham (35).
Falcons' double-down approach at corner looking wise
More important—and more difficult—than personnel tweaks is that the Falcons must augment the many things they already do well. History is littered with really good teams that couldn't do this and thus couldn't become great. In a business as competitive as the NFL, every second that you're not improving is a second spent falling behind.
DEFENSE
In his first year coordinating the Falcons' defense, Mike Nolan injected valuable dimension into Mike Smith's 4-3 zone scheme. The Falcons sub-packages, and even some base sets, were often a cocktail of hybrid fronts, disguised coverage rotations and multilevel zone blitz concepts. Most downs ended with the Falcons in some variation of a 3-over, 4-under zone look, but their process getting to that look could be extraordinarily confounding. It was not uncommon to see an inside linebacker—or even a defensive lineman—drop to free safety. Or to see corners rotate inside after the snap and be replaced by outside linebackers or a dropping safety. Or to see rotations that weren't actually rotations, but rather, just two-man exchanges. The variations were vast.
Consequently or fortuitously, downhill smacking safeties Thomas DeCoud and William Moore became stars in this scheme, finally converting their outstanding speed into coverage range. Nolan also had a solidly athletic pair of linebackers, Sean Weatherspoon and Stephen Nicholas, from whom he asked a lot in coverage. Plus he had a unique Joker in defensive end Kroy Biermann, who could drop back and operate in space as a spy, underneath patroller or the aforementioned “free safety.”
Fascinating and successful as Atlanta's scheme was, it got exploited in the playoffs by Seattle's and San Francisco's dual and trips wide receiver sets. The spacing of these unbalanced formations prevented the Falcons from using many of their best pre-snap disguises, making for a predictable and reactionary defense. It also distorted some of the zone coverage responsibilities for the secondary and compelled weaker cornerbacks to be critical force defenders against the run.
Nolan's scheme is too good to rewrite, but parts of it obviously need amending. A simple response to unbalanced sets is man coverage. Hence the new cornerbacks. Desmond Trufant has the fluid footwork and physicality to play press-man. Robert Alford is also a physical press-defender. And his willingness to play the run could help offset some of what Atlanta lost in releasing Dunta Robinson.
Nolan likely now has the new option of playing man coverage, though he'll still have to hybrid these with zone concepts, as incumbent No. 1 corner Asante Samuel is strictly an off-coverage defender. Samuel's aversion to contact can be obnoxious if not constricting, but his knack for disguising traps and inverted coverages, as well as for jumping routes, outweighs this.
If both rookies can contribute immediately, the Falcons will have excellent cornerbacking depth. Fourth-year pro Robert McClain blossomed into a very fine nickelback last season; if he can't fend off the rookies in 2013, he'll at least be the best dime back in the league. Dominique Franks has never truly competed for a long-term starting job, but he's certainly capable of being a fifth corner. It might be worthwhile to give one of these corners reps in centerfield, given that the depth at safety consists of unused former sixth-round picks Charles Mitchell and Shann Schillinger.
Helpful as a revamped secondary can be, the best remedy for an exposed defensive scheme is a potent four-man pass-rush. The Falcons did not have that in 2012. A lot of their 28 sacks (fifth fewest in the league) came from manufactured pressure via zone exchanges or blitzes. The hope is that Osi Umenyiora at right end will change this, but even if the 31-year-old former Giant can maintain his sensational initial quickness (which he should), there aren't enough weapons around him. Valuable as Biermann's versatility is, the sixth-year pro does not have the raw edge-bending speed to draw double-teams or even consistently reach the quarterback. That's why the Falcons are banking on one of their mid-round youngsters—second-year man Jonathan Massaquoi or rookies Malliciah Goodman and Stansly Maponga—to step up. A better bet might be sinewy 2011 seventh-rounder Cliff Matthews, who last season showed hints of upside playing about eight snaps a game (when active).
There's also some optimism for generating pressure inside, as Jonathan Babineaux remains arguably the most underrated gap-shooting force in the league. The ninth-year veteran spent a lot of time (and thrived) at strongside defensive end in 2012 but will still play his familiar three-technique spot on passing downs. The hope is Peria Jerry can start next to Babineaux, though more likely it will be rising fourth-year pro Corey Peters, who has flashed a bit in a rotational role but has a tendency to fall behind in hand-to-hand battles early in the down.
Having a few more functional man-to-man defenders could allow Nolan to deploy his best athlete, Sean Weatherspoon, more on blitzes. Weatherspoon is the type of talent worth using in as many ways as possible. He has what they call a “nose for the ball,” which can show up in his spurts of emphatic dominance against the run. Accompanying Weatherspoon at the second level is Stephen Nicholas, who has blossomed into a very fine force defender, particularly when positioned up on the line of scrimmage in 5-2 stack alignments. Nicholas must, however, get better in man coverage. Otherwise the Falcons may have to consider replacing him in nickel with third-year middle linebacker Akeem Dent.
OFFENSE
We can now confirm that Dimitroff's 2011 draft night gamble on Julio Jones clearly was a win—it's just a matter of how large the payoff ultimately will be. With Jones and Roddy White, the Falcons have a pair of authentic superstar talents that all but compel defenses to keep both safeties deep. While White was the No. 1 receiver in Jones's first year, the duo leveled into more of a 1 and 1A last year. White caught 92 passes on 139 targets; Jones caught 79 balls on 127 targets. But even the 31-year-old veteran himself has acknowledged that the scales are likely to tip to the youngster in 2013. There simply have to be more touches for Jones; at 6-3 and 220 pounds, he's bigger, faster and stronger than his four-time Pro Bowl counterpart.
Having two top-flight wideouts gives offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter almost endless possibilities when drawing up pass plays. Given Jones's maturation as a student of the game, expect Koetter, who stuck with a lot of isolation patterns last season, to craft more intertwined route combinations in 2013. This would play perfectly to Matt Ryan's attributes. The sixth-year pro is cerebral and fundamentally sound but, while he's much improved at throwing with bodies around him, he doesn't quite have a gun to fall back on. In order to generate the necessary velocity to attack tight windows, Ryan must have functional space to step into throws.
Because functional space is hard to come by in the NFL, most of Koetter's designs will use quicker-timed dropbacks, allowing Ryan to rely more on his anticipation skills. On this note, there remains one significant step between Ryan and superstardom: maintaining a high football IQ against non-static defenses. Too many of Ryan's 17 interceptions last season (including playoffs) resulted from defenses tricking him into bad decisions. Ryan must become a little less predictable.
White and Jones aren't the only weapons at Koetter's and Ryan's disposal. Tight end Tony Gonzalez is back after convincing almost no one that he'd actually retire on the heels of his sixth All-Pro honor. The 37-year-old no longer runs as well as he did, but as he's able to line up all over the formation and catch contested balls, it doesn't matter.
[si_video id="video_35B3B2D7-F082-28D4-4FCD-5F7CE99ED80A"]
Preparing for the day Gonzalez actually does walk away, Dimitroff spent a fourth-round pick on Stanford's Levine Toilolo. At 6-8, 260, Toilolo could contribute right away as an additional blocker. The Falcons, however, generally prefer to go with a sixth offensive lineman for extra girth. (They did this six to seven times a game last season, though that could decrease this year with Mike Johnson out after a gruesome leg injury.) Toilolo's best strength coming out of Stanford was actually his leap-and-catch prowess, but with two explosive wideouts, Koetter does not have to do much formation disguise, which minimizes the necessity of two-tight end packages. And when the Falcons go to their more simplified, highly effective hurry-up, it's almost always with a third receiver, slot man Harry Douglas.
Occasionally, Atlanta's high-octane aerial attack will be hindered by a front five that's long on size but short on athleticism. The group's collective pass-blocking improved last year, but a lack of nimbleness across the board will prevent it from ever being sensational. On the left side, tackle Sam Baker has at least developed better chemistry with Ryan in terms of the two knowing what to expect from each other on five-step drops. Guard Justin Blalock's good short-area movement enables him to thrive on the ground and survive in pass protection.
On the right side, last year's second-round pick, Peter Konz, often failed to hold ground against bull-rushers. Moving from guard to his natural center position this year should ameliorate things, as he'll now be more of a help-blocker in pass pro. In the run game, Konz has much better power, particularly when on the move, and he understands how to employ double-teams.
More on the Falcons Video: One on One with Brian Banks: The rookie linebacker talks to Peter King about his inspiring story and his NFL dream 10 Things I Think: Steven Jackson on a fresh start at 30, in search of a Super Bowl ring Stepping in at right guard will be either Garrett Reynolds or Joe Hawley. Neither has lit the world on fire when filling the position in previous years. At right tackle is third-round sophomore Lamar Holmes, who will probably have his hands full at first but should give this line livelier feet than it got from now-departed veteran Tyson Clabo.
The running backs this line will be blocking for are excellent fits in the system. Steven Jackson has outstanding vision and patience between the tackles. Jacquizz Rodgers, who will probably wind up getting close to half the touches, is compact in the Maurice Jones-Drew mold. Being low to the ground and having good short-area quickness makes Rodgers an effective inside runner. Jackson and Rodgers will operate behind second-year fullback Bradie Ewing in base sets. In three-receiver sets, particularly shotgun, they'll be important help-blockers and outlet receivers. Both have the attributes to flourish in the pass game.
SPECIAL TEAMS
Matt Bryant's 33 field goals tied for second-most in the league last year. The 38-year-old was a perfect 4-4 from 50-yards-plus. Third-year pro Matt Bosher had a league-high 38% of his punts fair caught, which is partly why Atlanta gave up the fourth-fewest punt return yards in the NFC. The return-game duties are still being sorted out. On kick returns the Falcons have used Jacquizz Rodgers; on punt returns they could settle for the inexplosive Dominique Franks.
BOTTOM LINE
If at least one of the rookie corners can prosper right away, this defense could be much better than last year. The offense is all but assured of improving given that Julio Jones is entering his early prime and Steven Jackson gives the run game more oomph than Michael Turner did. The principles of logic make a strong argument for the Falcons as Super Bowl favorites in the NFC. And yet, it also doesn't seem wrong to view them as the conference's third or fourth best team.
Looking forward to his next challenge.
Sitting in the courtroom through six weeks of testimony in the trial of two New Jersey public officials charged with jamming traffic for political purposes, sometimes I wondered how jurors could manage to comprehend what they were hearing. The prosecution told them a story of a convoluted conspiracy to commit a seemingly purposeless crime, while the defense displayed charts depicting Governor Chris Christie's inner circle, shooting off arrows of suspicion in all directions. But in the end, it seems, the jury kept its focus on just one of those arrows: the one pointing at David Wildstein, the mastermind of the plot, and the prosecution's key witness.
The jury chose to believe Wildstein, and voted for conviction on all counts today.
Time for my own confession: I don't know if that is where I would have come down if I were a member of the jury. During closing arguments, attorneys for the two defendants, former Port Authority official Bill Baroni and former Christie aide Bridget Anne Kelly, made what sounded to me like strong cases for reasonable doubt. They returned, again and again, to Wildstein, the former political operative and anonymous blogger with a colorful history of dirty tricks and deception. “‘I swear under oath that I'm a liar' — that's what he said,” Michael Baldassare, Baroni's defense attorney, said in his closing argument.
Projecting a picture of Governor Christie and Wildstein gazing at each other in a way that appeared adoring, defense attorney Michael Critchley referenced a dramatic alteration in the former operative's appearance over the last three years. “David Wildstein can change his looks, he can put a beard on, he can lose 75 pounds,” Critchley said. “But you know what he can't change? He can't change who he is.” Having watched Wildstein's performance on the witness stand, which was shifty at times, and having heard the unanimously negative testimony of his former colleagues at the Port Authority, who called him an “intimidator” and a “cancer,” I wondered whether the jury might have its own doubts.
Bill Baroni, after today's verdict. Photo: Kena Betancur/Getty Images
In the end, though, the jury accepted Wildstein's word and not those of Baroni and Kelly, both of whom testified in their own defense. Over more than a week on the stand, Wildstein told an improbable story of traffic cones, revenge, and hubris among the highest advisers to Christie, whose credible shot at the presidency was destroyed by the scandal. To briefly recap: Wildstein claimed that he came up with the idea of closing off the town of Fort Lee's local access lanes to the George Washington Bridge as a way to punish the town's Democratic mayor, Mark Sokolich, whom he said was targeted because he had spurned overtures from Kelly's office, which was trying to line up party-line-crossing endorsements for Christie's 2013 reelection campaign. (For more on that testimony, see here, here, here and here.) Wildstein testified that Baroni, his boss, enthusiastically approved his plan, while prosecutors presented evidence that Kelly had authorized him to implement it in a one-line email: “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee.”
Prosecutor Lee Cortes Jr. projected Kelly's email as he began his closing statement. “Those words are clear, those words are definite,” he said. “Her words mean exactly what they say.” Though there was no similar documented exchange between Baroni and Wildstein, Cortes showed phone records revealing the men, who were close friends and had a political relationship that went back decades, talked on the phone many times a day— “just a staggering amount of communication between two people.”
Baroni and Kelly's attorneys argued that Wildstein led their clients to believe that he was conducting a “traffic study” about ways to ease congestion for the main approaches to the bridge, one that had the collateral effect of creating traffic problems in Fort Lee, but denied being aware of any punitive purpose. They pointed out that Baroni and Kelly never spoke with each other about Wildstein's plan to close the lanes. But Cortes argued that Wildstein was “the glue” of the conspiracy, linking the two of them.
“They knew who David Wildstein was and what he was capable of,” Cortes said. “They knew what he was about … [and] he was not about moving traffic.”
In its rebuttal, the prosecution returned to its most damning evidence: text messages that appeared to show the defendants taking pleasure in being cruel to children. In one, Baroni asked Wildstein if there was “anything we can do” in Jersey City — which also had a Democratic mayor who was feuding with Christie — for the first day of school, and replying “unfortunate” when he was told there was not. Wildstein testified that it was Baroni's idea to make the lane closings in Fort Lee coincide with the reopening of schools, trapping school buses in the traffic jam. The prosecution projected Kelly's contemporaneous reaction to that news: a series of text message exchange in which she wrote “Is it wrong that I am smiling?” and “I feel badly for the kids … I guess.”
“Smiling as schoolkids are stuck in traffic,” said prosecutor Vikas Khanna. “Don't let them whitewash it. It's as outrageous as it sounds.”
The prosecution presented evidence that Baroni, too, laughed about the pain he and Wildstein were inflicting, “bragging” about it to Christie during an encounter he and Wildstein had with the governor before a September 11 memorial service at the World Trade Center; and making an inside joke as he prepared to try to cover up the crime in testimony before the state legislature, sending Wildstein a photo of Harvey Keitel as Winston Wolf, the “cleaner” in Pulp Fiction. (One of several nicknames Christie had for Wildstein was “Mr. Wolf,” according to testimony at the trial.)
“Not only did they execute this scheme,” Khanna said. “They delighted in it.”
Though the prosecutors were ultimately successful in securing a guilty verdict, their case left several unanswered questions. Chief among them: Who really ordered the crime, and why? In the first count of the indictment against Kelly and Baroni, prosecutors alleged that the motive was punishment — cracking the whip on a Democratic officeholder who wouldn't fall into line behind the Republican governor. But there was little evidence presented to explain why Sokolich, a relatively insignificant officeholder who had previously enjoyed good relations with the Christie administration, was singled out for particularly elaborate retribution. But in her instructions to jurors, and again in response to a question from them during deliberations, Judge Susan Wigenton ruled that prosecutors did not need to prove that Kelly and Baroni intended to punish the mayor.
Bridget Anne Kelly after the verdict. Photo: Kena Betancur/Getty Images
The defense decried the decision. “You're directing a verdict of guilty,” Critchley said vehemently at a hearing earlier this week. He may have been right. The defendants have vowed to appeal.
Beyond motive, there's also the question of who in particular was so furious with Sokolich? Baroni, by Wildstein's own testimony, tended to play good cop to his bad cop, and had a friendly relationship with the mayor. Kelly, a demure single mother, did not come across during the trial as either a vengeful person or a high-level decision-maker. The evidence presented did suggest that Bill Stepien, Christie's campaign manager, was deeply involved with Wildstein's plans, and had a mean streak, ordering that officials who displeased the governor were to be “frozen out.” But Stepien, now the national field director for the Donald Trump campaign, was never charged or even called to testify.
In the end, though, it is hard to resist the conclusion that the arrow points to the governor. Numerous witnesses testified that Christie was a micromanager who reveled in playing political hardball. (One memorable bit of testimony revealed that Christie called and threatened to “fucking destroy” a county freeholder after it got back to the governor that he was complaining about the disbursement of Hurricane Sandy relief funds. In the governor's defense, the freeholder had also called Christie a “fat motherfucker.”) Kelly testified that when Wildstein first approached her with his “extraordinarily weird” plan for the bridge, she took it to Christie, who approved it. Wildstein testified that when he and Baroni joked about Fort Lee's traffic jam with Christie on September 11, the governor laughed appreciatively. The Port Authority's executive director testified that when he found out about the lane closures and tried to put an end to them, Baroni stormed into his office, furious, and told him they were “important to Trenton.” Within the Port Authority, “Trenton” was shorthand for the governor of the state of New Jersey.
After the verdict, Christie released a statement vowing to “set the record straight in the coming days regarding the lies that were told by the media and in the courtroom.” His political future seems grim, however. In recent weeks, he has receded from his formerly prominent role as a surrogate for Trump, perhaps due to the embarrassment of the trial. The Wall Street Journal reported today that Christie was unprepared for the tenor of the testimony and the large number of negative disclosures, with aides describing him as rattled and angry at times. There is talk of a state-level prosecution, or impeachment — though the latter course seems unlikely, since the Democrats are well-positioned to take back the governor's office next year, and they would prefer not to elevate his lieutenant governor. Christie is such a figure of national ridicule that he is worth more to his opponents in office.
In his closing argument, Critchley appeared to try to sway the jury's sympathies toward his client by asking why she was on trial, and not her bosses. He cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted at the top of his lungs, “Chris Christie, where are you?”
With this verdict, it seems assured that the answer to that question will soon be: far from power, for good.
SHARE
By
The book of Genesis recalls that on the seventh day, God rested. For working people in Wisconsin, it may soon take an act of God to get similar consideration. At the last minute, Wisconsin Republicans and Gov. Scott Walker inserted an ill-conceived and unnecessary item into the state budget that eliminates the requirement to allow workers one day off per week.
In short, they took away the weekend. Supporters said the change simply makes it possible for employees to "volunteer" to work seven days a week without a break. In an era of increasing job insecurity, this is both disingenuous and cynical. In most workplaces, particularly those without a union, employers enjoy enormous coercive power over their employees. For these workers, a seven-day work week is an offer they can't refuse.
Like many of the policy items slipped into the budget, this change is a solution in search of a problem. Republicans claimed that even in situations in which employees wanted to work, the existing law prohibited it. This is simply not the case. If an employer and employee agree to a seven-day work week, they can jointly request a waiver from the Department of Workforce Development. This hardly represents a significant administrative barrier. In the last two years, for example, 100% of all waiver requests were granted.
A break from work is a universally recognized human right. We must not allow a day of rest to become a luxury reserved for the fortunate few. In its 1961 McGowan vs. Maryland decision, the Supreme Court of the United States held that rest laws promoted the values of "health, safety, recreation, and general well-being".
These are fundamental values that benefit both individual workers and society at large. Health care officials warn about an American epidemic of stress, recommending regular breaks to allow people to relax and rejuvenate. Beyond promoting physical health, time off allows us to fully participate in the life of our communities and take care of our families. The worker on the job seven days a week can't volunteer at his or her kids' school or help an elderly neighbor or coach Little League.
Americans already work more than their counterparts in other countries. According to the United Nations International Labor Organization, on average we spend more time on the job than workers in other industrialized nations such as Japan, Britain and France. The United States is now one of just 16 countries in the world that don't require time off each week. With their repeal of our state's one-day-off-in-seven statute, Republicans have aligned Wisconsin with places like Burma and Sudan.
There was a time in our nation when people spoke of the leisure class — those wealthy individuals who could afford to take time off to enjoy life while everyone else toiled long hours without a break. The labor movement helped bring that basic human right, a day of rest, to everyone. Now, like so many hard-won workplace protections in our state, it is again under assault by Walker and the Republicans.
Working families would do well to reflect seriously on what these politicians are doing to undermine individual workers, strong families and stable communities. That is, if you can get a day off to think.
Stephanie Bloomingdale is secretary-treasurer of the Wisconsin State AFL-CIO.
Emergency crews and tow truck drivers have spent the night trying to free a truck driver who was stuck in his cab for two days.
The driver's tractor-trailer went off the road and down an embankment about 10 kilometres west of the entrance to Manning Park, some time on Feb. 28.
RCMP said the man had been stuck inside the cab since then.
"I've been on highway patrol for nine years, so I've seen many many crashes of this nature," said Cst. James Halliday with Fraser Valley Traffic Services.
"This is the most complex one I've seen where we had to extricate someone."
Const. James Halliday called it one of the most 'complex' extrications he's ever seen. (Kevin MacDonald)
3 teams worked on the extrication
A mobile mechanic was called out to dismantle the truck's transmission, while search and rescue crews worked on cutting out sections of the truck's cab around the driver.
A local towing company brought in trucks to help keep the truck from sliding further down the embankment.
"It's been six hours that everybody's been working on trying to get the driver out," said Jamie Davis, with the Jamie Davis Towing company.
"Everybody's working hard here together … there must be 25 people working to help free the driver."
Halliday said the driver was awake during the whole process.
Thanks to all for the event survey feedback! We heard you and have made changes to the event. This year we have extended the hours of the events, opened a larger layout of the zoo with more animals, increased the number of event tickets available, and while we are no longer offering complimentary food samples, unless you are a VIP guest, we will have a wide selection of food available for purchase. We are also excited to be able to offer discounts for our Zoo Members and Toast to the Wild Series purchasers!
Tickets will go on sale for all events to Members on Wednesday, March 6th and to the public on Thursday, March 7th at 10am.
New this year:
Zoo Member discount now offered on event tickets!
Series Discount now offered- Members receive $40 off, $20 off for Non-Members, when you buy all four events
Private areas for VIP ticket holders to all four events
Larger selection of drinks to sample
Extended event hours
More Zoo access = more zoo animals!
Wide variety of food available for purchase
Your Event Ticket Includes:
Access to animal habitats throughout the Zoo until twilight
12 drink-sampling tickets
Commemorative pint glass
Welcome drink
Wide variety of food available for purchase
Animal encounters and chats
Live music and entertainment
Meet and greet with our Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife (CREW) scientists to learn about what they do!
Something for everyone… wine & cocktail samples will also be available throughout the event.
Saving Species – The great feeling that your ticket purchase went to saving species
Your VIP Ticket Includes (in addition to the highlights above):
Early admission, one-hour before the event
Exclusive access to indoor, air-conditioned areas (Peacock Pavilion & Safari Lodge) from 5:30pm through 8pm
Private parking and entrance from Safari Parking lot
Two additional drink-sampling tickets (14 total)
Complimentary food samples from local restaurants
Private animal encounters
Additional Details:
Additional drink tickets available for purchase at select locations
Designated driver tickets available
Credit cards are accepted at food stations.
Smoking is not permitted in the Zoo
Event held rain or shine
You will receive your lanyard with 12 drink-sampling tickets upon presenting event ticket at entry.
This is an adult event; all guests must be at least 21 years old and present a valid photo ID. No babies or children permitted. Bags will be subject to search.
Guests without valid photo ID will not be permitted to enter the event.
Programs will be emailed to ticket purchasers prior to the event and uploaded to this web page the day of the event.
Proceeds from the “A Toast to the Wild” event series support the Zoo's own Lindner Center for the Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife (CREW).
A full list of food items will be posted here closer to the event dates.
The Year In Music: Indie Classical Blossoms On Small Labels
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
One thing is certain about the state of classical music in America: Every year, observers argue over its future. Orchestras are struggling financially and audiences are aging. But in spite of gloomy forecasts, 2010 was a good year for a musical hybrid that might be called "indie classical."
Labels such as classical, post-rock, art rock, chamber music and jazz mean less and less these days, thanks in part to an assortment of young, smart musicians who feel equally at home playing in trendy nightclubs or swanky concert halls.
Consider keyboardist and composer Missy Mazzoli, leader of the all-female quintet Victoire. She studied in Amsterdam with composer Louis Andriessen, but she also plays in the rock band Mohair Timewarp.
I Am Coming For My Things 4:57
Purchase Featured Music: Amazon.com / Amazon MP3 / iTunes
As for record labels, the Internet has leveled the playing field in the battle between small, independent go-getters and the big classical conglomerates.
Sarah Kirkland Snider should know. She composed the compelling song cycle Penelope and released it herself.
The first of the cycle's 14 songs, "The Stranger with the Face of a Man I loved." Vocalist Shara Worden, with Signal, conducted by Brad Lubman. 5:43
Purchase Featured Music: Amazon.com / Amazon MP3
With two other composers, Kirkland Snider runs the small Brooklyn-based New Amsterdam label, which has released 10 albums this year alone.
And there are many more indie labels, including Cantaloupe, Bedroom Community and Non Classical, launched by Gabriel Prokofiev. These are proving to be fertile homes for indie classicalists. Prokofiev, by the way, is the grandson of Sergei Prokofiev, the composer who gave us "Peter and the Wolf."
The younger Prokofiev is also an electronica DJ who is comfortable releasing his solo piano compositions or his concertos for turntables.
Hear Gabriel Prokofiev's "Rockaby," played by Genia. 3:58
Purchase Featured Music: Amazon.com / Amazon MP3
So is classical music dying a slow death? The answer depends on whom you ask.
Ask artists like Daniel Bjarnason, the Asphalt Orchestra, So Percussion, Matmos, Janus and Brooklyn Rider, all of whom released excellent records this year, and they'll probably tell you things are just fine.
What do you think? Please leave us your thoughts in the comments section below.
Stephen Harper is visiting New Zealand as the tiny Pacific Rim country undergoes a divisive debate over changing its national flag in which Canada, of all countries, figures prominently.
Prime Minister John Key, the leading proponent of reinventing New Zealand's flag, wants to strike the Union Jack from the national banner to put his country's colonial past behind it. He's repeatedly held up Canada's 1965 switch to the Maple Leaf as the rationale for abandoning his nation's existing Blue Ensign – though the Kiwi flag flap also manages to encompass the All Blacks rugby team and Islamic State militants.
A former British colony, New Zealand still has the Union Jack in the upper left corner of its flag, while the blue background also features the stars of the Southern Cross, a constellation visible from the southern hemisphere.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Key, who last month announced binding referendums on the matter for 2015 and 2016, says Canada's iconic Maple Leaf is proof that change is good.
"Back in 1965, Canada changed its flag from one that, like ours, also had the Union Jack in the corner, and replaced it with the striking symbol of modern Canada that all of us recognize and can identify today," the Prime Minister said in a major speech on the proposal.
"Fifty years on, I can't imagine many Canadians would, if asked, choose to go back to the old flag," Mr. Key said. "That old flag represented Canada as it was once, rather than as it is now. Similarly, I think our flag represents us as we were once, rather than as we are now."
Polls suggest New Zealanders are close to equally divided on the matter.
Andrew Holland, an IT consultant from the New Zealand city of Hamilton, called the flag debate irrelevant and a distraction from important matters. "I think it's a lot of smoke and mirrors. There are bigger issues I think like poverty, inequality and education," Mr. Holland said. "I don't think much will change if the flag changes."
Erin Ray, an Auckland student, said she doesn't see the point in changing. She immigrated to New Zealand from Zimbabwe and obtained citizenship, and the existing flag represents the country she's come to call her own.
"I think it should stay the same," Ms. Ray said. "I don't like the alternatives."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Key, who won a third term in office in September, has said his personal favourite design would use the silver fern logo popularized by New Zealand's national All Blacks rugby team.
"Long decades of sweat and effort by our sportsmen and women in many codes over countless competitions give the silver fern on a black background a distinctive and uniquely New Zealand identity, and a head start in our national consciousness," he argued in a March, 2014, speech.
"For example, it's our silver fern, rather than our flag, that's etched in the crosses marking the final resting place of all New Zealanders who are interred in Commonwealth War Graves overseas. Interestingly, it's the Maple Leaf that's etched in the crosses of Canada's fallen in those same cemeteries. " But the white-silver fern, normally set against a black background, has a design flaw that is particularly evident in 2014. When rendered as a flag, this design bears a passing resemblance to the black banner with white writing flown by Islamic State militants.
These days, the New Zealand Prime Minister said he prefers a flag design that drops the colour black but incorporates the fern anyway.
Mr. Key said he's also irked by the international confusion over the flags of Australia and New Zealand, both blue ensigns with the Union Jack in one corner.
"The number of times … I'm at a huge international meeting and they sit me down in front of the Australian flag," Mr. Key said told an Auckland talk radio show. "It's not funny. It happens all the time."
Story continues below advertisement
Officially, the Canadian Prime Minister's Office declined to wade into the Kiwi flag debate. "That is a decision for New Zealanders to make," PMO spokesman Carl Vallée said.
Mr. Harper and Mr. Key meet Friday in Auckland to talk on global security threats, trade and China. But the New Zealand politician shouldn't rely on Mr. Harper, a traditionalist conservative, for support in his flag campaign.
The leading opponent to changing Canada's flag in the 1960s was Progressive Conservative prime minister John Diefenbaker, whose party was the political predecessor of Mr. Harper's Conservative Party.
Earlier this year, Mr. Harper said that while he loved the Maple Leaf, the 1960s flag debate was a wrenching experience for Canada that he wouldn't want repeated.
"We had that debate in the mid-1960s," Mr. Harper said in June when asked about a talk in Australia of replacing their flag. "It was a very divisive debate. It's not necessarily the type of debate I would advise other countries to undertake."
New footage obtained by Channel 4 News shows a woman, believed to be an undercover police officer, taking part in anti war protests dressed as a clown.
The video of ‘Lynn Watson', who led a double life between 2003 and 2008, shows her with the non-violent radical group who called themselves the Clandestine Insurgent Rebel Clown Army.
In the footage filmed in 2004 she is seen shaking her backside outside an MP's office and playing cricket with a feather duster during a protest against the Iraq war.
It is believed that she was deployed by the National Public Order Intelligence Unit and she was embedded in the peace and environmental activist movements in Leeds for five years.
Channel 4 News' exclusive footage also shows her participating in a game of “let's play tangle”, in which clowns join hands and wrap their arms around each other in a circle.
She turns to the camera and says: “We are checking for clowns, we need more clowns in this country – more clowns.” Another shot shows her stroking a tree, saying: “Tickle the tree, tickle the tree.”
Apology
The news comes against a backdrop of Britain's most senior public order police officer apologising to MPs after providing them with false information when he denied having plain-clothes officers in the crowd at the G20 demonstrations two years ago.
Commander Bob Broadhurst said the information was “true to the best of my knowledge at the time” but it has since emerged that both plain-clothes and covert officers were deployed during the protests.
Giving evidence to MPs a month after the protests, in which thousands of demonstrators clashed with police in London in 2009, the senior Scotland Yard officer insisted there were no plain-clothes officers among the crowd, saying it would have been too dangerous to do so.
But questions arose about his evidence in the wake of the unmasking of undercover officer Mark Kennedy, who attended many demonstrations during seven years living as a spy among green activists.
Last week, the Met issued a statement correcting the testimony given by Mr Broadhurst on May 19, 2009.
He told MPs then: “We had no plain-clothes officers deployed within the crowd. It would have been dangerous for them to put plain-clothes officers in a crowd like that.
“The only officers we deploy for intelligence purposes at public order are forward intelligence team officers who are wearing full police uniforms with a yellow jacket with blue shoulders. There were no plain-clothes officers deployed at all.”
But this month's statement read: “Having made thorough checks on the back of recent media reporting we have now established that covert officers were deployed during the G20 protests.
“Therefore the information that was given by Commander Bob Broadhurst to the Home Affairs Select Committee (Hasc) saying that ‘We had no plain-clothes officers deployed within the crowd' was not accurate.
“The officers were covertly deployed by the MPS (Metropolitan Police Service) to G20 protests to identify individuals who may be involved in the organisation of criminal activity and to give live time intelligence/evidence as to the protesters' activity.”
But Metropolitan Police Acting Commissioner Tim Godwin told the Home Affairs Select Committee today that the sheer size of the protests meant that information about the presence of uncover or covert officers was not always infallible.
“When you actually run a huge operation on the scale Commander Broadhurst was running, you can't know everything all the time,” he said
“And equally, the intelligence don't always know the source.
“However, I think what this has done is given us a sharp lesson and we will look at that.”
He added: “With 55,000 people, 750,000 crimes, I can't always say that someone won't make a mistake. and equally I can't always say that commanders will know what every single member of our staff are doing.”
Giving evidence to the committee, Mr Godwin added: “The vast majority of men and women who fulfil this function on behalf of the police service are some of the bravest people that we actually have, and they have lots of controls… in terms of governance and oversight.”
At least seven police officers were injured when a truck driver rammed police lines at a demonstration over rising gas prices in the Baja California city of Rosarito.Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto took to Twitter to condemn the violence at the Rosarito protest. Journalist Eligio Hernandez captured footage of the yellow pickup truck crashing into officers guarding a Pemex facility and later clashes between police and protesters that resulted in more than 40 arrests, according to Mexican news website www.animalpolitico.com/2017/01/policias-federales-protestas- Protesters were blockading Mexico's state-owned oil company Pemex's refinery in Rosarito as part of a week of nationwide demonstrations over the Mexican government's decision to increase the price of gasoline by 20 percent on January 1. www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Fuel-Crisis-Creates-Long-Line reported that the protests and blockades had led to fuel shortages in Baja California and some Mexican drivers crossing the border to refuel. Credit: Facebook/Eligio Hernandez via Storyful
Roughly 80 percent of all white evangelicals voted for Donald Trump. But the media has often made it seem as if there are deep fissures in the community. Prominent Trump critics like Albert Mohler of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary and Russell Moore of the Southern Baptist Convention publicly decried Trump's impiety and racism, thus earning plaudits from the liberal commentariat. Moore, however, signed the Nashville Statement, alongside many pro-Trump evangelicals. In support of the statement, Mohler wrote in The Washington Post: “For the sake of same-sex attracted people and others, we did not believe we could remain silent—or unclear—and be faithful.”
Again, this is a statement that puts LGBT people and their friends and family beyond the pale. The religious right remains essentially unified, and the Nashville Statement shows that what these political evangelicals all share is prejudice—specifically, prejudice toward women and LGBT people.
The religious right remains essentially unified, and the Nashville Statement shows that what these political evangelicals all share is prejudice.
One signatory, John Piper, once said abused women need to submit to their husbands: “If it's not requiring her to sin but simply hurting her, then I think she endures verbal abuse for a season, and she endures perhaps being smacked one night, and then she seeks help from the church.” Another signatory, James Dobson, wrote in 1983's Love Must Be Tough: “I have seen marital relationships where the woman deliberately ‘baited' her husband until he hit her.” Dobson added that he doesn't think this is true in “most” domestic violence situations, but this caveat doesn't soften the rest of the passage. Dobson's hypothetical evil wife baits to get what she wants: a divorce. “She can show her wounds to her friends who gasp at the viciousness of that man. She can press charges against him in some cases and have him thrown in jail. She can embarrass him at his work or in the church,” he complained. God forbid.
A third signatory, Paige Patterson, has opined: “She will find her greatest contribution and impact through the children she bears.” We women are good for breeding, it seems, and not for much else. I have heard variations of this rhetoric hundreds of times in fundamentalist churches (Patterson sits on my alma mater's board of trustees) and even as I write these criticisms I know that the men who need to read them the most will not care. My body made me useful, for a while. My mind is just a hindrance.
The Nashville Statement's transparent misogyny also infects the evangelical movement's great contribution to American politics: the anti-abortion movement. It is no surprise that the signatories of this statement are some of the country's greatest opponents of abortion. But what is interesting is that they signed onto a document that so directly questions the underlying motives for their anti-abortion position. It is almost as if all the rhetoric about saving the lives of unborn children is a cover for their real goal, which is to control the bodies and lives of women.
“When there is poison in the blood, no one knows on what part of the body it will break out,” William Jennings Bryan said at the close of the Scopes Trial in 1925. “But we can be sure that it will continue to break out until the blood is purified.” Bryan spoke then of the theory of evolution, and of the need to contain its pernicious influence. His words persuaded a Tennessee court to convict John Scopes of breaking state law by teaching evolution to his biology students.
Bryan won the case, but lost the war. Most Americans now regard the Scopes verdict as an unhappy relic of a less enlightened nation. It is now illegal to teach creationism as scientific fact in public schools; this reflects both scientific consensus and the popular understanding that creationism is a religious doctrine rather than a scientific theory. Thirty-eight percent of Americans still believe in the creationist account of our origins, but that is a historical low. According to Gallup, most Americans now believe that God either guided the evolutionary process, or that the process occurred entirely independent of any deity.
Bryan thought he had preserved Christian America—that he had kept it pure. In fact, he helped expose the myths that had shored it up. His ideological descendants seem to think they've accomplished a similar feat. But like Bryan, they have only ensured their own infamy.
The Media and its Two Faces
UPDATE (below the fold): The Washington Examiner's Byron York just posted a piece - Andrew Breitbart's coin challenge for evidence of the "N" word has been verbally answered by AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka.
--------
Editor's Note: Video of conservative being beaten down below the fold.
The media and the Left (please pardon the redundancy) continue to insist that TEA Party participants are engaged in racist and violent behavior - at the surreptitious and stealth "hate speech" urging of talk radio hosts and Republicans.
These have almost all been phantom charges. They are leveled by liberals and Democrats, and the media immediately report them as if they were true. They rarely bother to look for evidence, which works out because most times there isn't any.
On the weekend that health care passed, Democrat Congressman Andre Carson of Indiana asserted that the "N" word was shouted fifteen times at him and fellow black Congressman John Lewis.
The media went right to print with it, reporting it as if it were true. But several videos of the encounter between the Congressmen and the TEA Party-ers surfaced soon after. And on NONE of them could the word be heard once, let alone fifteen times in the chanted fashion that Carson claimed.
Internet media mogul Andrew Breitbart offered $10,000 to the United Negro College Fund - and then later upped it to $100,000 - for any evidence that the word was used at all. He's still got his coin.
And of course, no correction or apology was forthcoming from the media. In fact, some are still reporting it as if it actually happened.
The examples of media TEA Party malpractice are in fact myriad. So too are the examples of their continuing to report it wrong even after the truth is revealed.
Let us flash back to last August, when (amongst many other outlets) NBC, CBS, CNN and MSNBC all ascribed posters depicting President Barack Obama with a Hitler mustache to conservatives and Rush Limbaugh.
But the posters had on them the web address for left-wing 7-time Democrat presidential candidate Lyndon LaRouche. On the site was the downloadable PDF file for the "Mass Distribution Poster" in question.
The media, however, are never ones to allow the facts to get in the way of a good ongoing beating. To this day - eight months later - many members of the Jurassic Press still lambaste the TEA Party-ers as racist for having Obama-as-Hitler posters at their events.
Repeat the lie often enough, and it becomes a(n Orwellian) fact.
Of course when liberals depicted former President George W. Bush as Hitler, the media had no problem with it. (They in fact referred to the Bush-as-Hitler depiction as a "look-alike.")
So let us now revisit an event that actually, you know, happened. One that absolutely involves violence, and - one could indeed say - racism as well.
As we first reported on August 7, black conservative Kenneth Gladney was beaten down by SEIU thugs at a town hall meeting in Saint Louis, Missouri.
How do we know all of these salient details? Because the beating took place on video camera - and the SEIU thugs were wearing SEIU-emblazoned garb. See, members of the Jurassic Press? That's evidence.
The first man to start beating down Mr. Gladney was also black - and he "used a racial slur against him before" he incepted the pummeling.
So we had a twofer, did we not? Violence AND racism in one incident. The media should have been ALL OVER this story.
And it should be a FACTUAL part of the ongoing TEA Party narrative, right? The way the fraudulent, fact-free charges of racism and violence against conservatives are, right?
Of course not. I would imagine most of you reading this essay have never heard of this. And you guys and girls actually put forth tremendous effort in pursuit of the truth.
Which is somthing that can not be said of the Lamestream Media.
UPDATE: The Washington Examiner's Byron York just posted a piece - Andrew Breitbart's coin challenge for evidence of the "N" word has been verbally answered by AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka.
York was posting his piece whilst I was writing mine. From it:
In the question-and-answer session, Breitbart said there is no video or audio evidence of either event happening. Breitbart has, in fact, offered a $100,000 award to anyone who produces evidence that the racial insult actually occurred, and so far he has had no takers. Until now. As Breitbart spoke, Trumka said he himself had seen the events in question. "I watched them spit at people, I watched them call John Lewis the n-word," Trumka said. "I witnessed it, I witnessed it. I saw it in person. That's real evidence."
I am quite sure Breitbart was calling for physical rather than rhetorical evidence, so I'm not sure he's on the hook to pony up.
Trumka's undoubtedly desperate to make up the huge and looming deficit his union's pension faces; I'm sure he thinks he could use the coin, regardless of whether or not he deserves it.
My question is: does Trumka appear in any of the myriad videos of the incident where the "N" word did not?
Why do Americans pay more for sugar?
Most Americans who start the day stirring a spoonful of sugar into their coffee would be surprised to learn they generally pay more for the sweetener than residents of other countries buying it on the global market. Major American commodities traders track two prices for sugar – a world price and a more expensive U.S. price.
Why the difference? According to the Wall Street Journal, “U.S. prices tend to be higher than world prices because the U.S. restricts sugar imports as part of the [U.S. Department of Agriculture's] price-support program” for sugar (subscription required). One USDA economist recently estimated this price-support scheme could cost American taxpayers $80 million in 2013 on top of requiring U.S. consumers to pay artificially higher prices for raw sugar, candy and other confections.
Given these sour facts and movement in the U.S. Congress to reform the sugar program, I'm not surprised the American Sugar Alliance is trying to change the subject to defend its price supports. Last month, the group released a report arguing that Congress must maintain current U.S. sugar policy “to shield consumers from foreign market manipulation,” particularly by Brazil which subsidizes sugar production according to the American Sugar Alliance.
The influential Cato Institute took a look at the group's report and summarized its findings succinctly:
The sugar lobby for years have been complaining that we need the sugar program, which keeps prices high for producers by keeping imports strictly controlled, in order to enable “reliable” (i.e., managed) access to sugar. Now they think sugar is too available (i.e., cheap)? For sure, if I was a Brazilian taxpayer, I would baulk at the thought of subsidising (if that in fact is the situation) the sugar addictions of my richer neighbours to my north, but as a consumer? Muito obrigado! The sugar lobby's talking points are getting ever more creative. But none of them are valid.
I added emphasis on the last line above and was tempted to end my rebuttal there! However, the Brazilian Sugarcane Industry Association felt obligated to set the record straight on this misleading report which overstates Brazilian support for domestic producers and turns a blind eye to comparable programs in the U.S. You can download our point-by-point response here, and see for yourself how the American Sugar Alliance's report reveals “the desperate need of the American sugar industry to keep the U.S. market closed and protected from competition.”
Let the games begin! Amazon recently announced it is looking to build a second global headquarters (HQ2) somewhere in North America to supplement its Seattle home base, and with its Oct. 19 deadline for proposals come and gone, the company has confirmed it received 238 proposals from cities in three countries, including 45 US states, six Canadian provinces, and three Mexican states. The proposed $5 billion (USD) project is expected to generate up to 50,000 high paying jobs. Amazon's wishlist includes a city with a metropolitan area of at least a million people, close proximity to an international airport, reliable mass transit, the ability to attract top technical talent, financial incentives, and the space to expand the headquarters to as much as eight million square feet in the next decade. In Canada, 11 cities submitted applications for HQ2; let's take a look at their bids.
Behold the the fifth excerpt from our monster survival fieldbook. We're going to be releasing pages every Monday and Thursday in Oct., in honor of the year's only demon-, mutant- and zombie-focused month. If you're feeling saucy, or perhaps especially threatened by otherworldly terrors, you can cop a gander at the first page of our guide right here.
I n a world where the threat of doppelgangers is real, like it obviously is in ours, there is always the chance that you've already been bested by your evil clone and replaced. To see if you're actually an evil clone of yourself, ask yourself the following questions:
Do you still enjoy Internet videos about cats? Is the most thought-provoking article you've read in recent memory actually about the social bias against cat people?
Is “that's what she said” still a semi-annoying meme and not a key phrase in any prayers, rituals or demon-appeasing sacrificial pageants that you're aware of?
If Roadhouse happens to be on TV, do you have to watch it?
If you answered “yes” to all three of these questions, you're probably in the clear. Less than that though, and I'd start looking around to see if you're building an antimatter bomb or interdimensional portal/ham radio while you sleep.
<3 Mike
ctvtoronto.ca
Opponents and critics of mayoral race frontrunner Coun. Rob Ford are saying he can't cut the city's costs as deeply as he suggests without hurting services, but Ford is brushing off their claims.
"It's not complicated. We have to stop spending more than we take in," Ford said Friday in releasing the second part of his plan to reduce the cost of governing Toronto.
Here are some of his targets:
reducing spending by $525 million in 2011
reducing spending by $3 billion over four years
achieving a budget surplus of $1.7 billion by 2014
When that latter target is achieved, Ford's administration will use the money to improve services, build up reserves and pay down debt.
Throughout this process, "I assure you services will not be cut. I will guarantee it," he said.
One way he plans to cut costs is by contracting out some service tasks such as garbage collection and cleaning police stations.
Ford also said he would sell up to $1 billion in city assets to offset reductions to the capital budget and make further debt repayments.
The savings would be spent on campaign priorities, he said.
He has budgeted $416 million of the $1.7 billion surplus to be spent on:
improving childcare services
services for seniors
affordable housing
making the city more accessible for people with disabilities
Another $416 million would go toward rebuilding a financial cushion for the city. The remaining $833 million would go to paying down the city's debt load.
Ford's impact statement outlines where the penny-pinching candidate intends to cut costs. He estimates nearly $3 million can be saved each year by reducing councillors' expense accounts, staff budgets and the budget allotted to the mayor's office. He has pledged to cut the size of city council in half, although he would need the province's co-operation.
But the real savings will come from reducing the costs of current city services, in part through policy changes.
An annual $80 million will be saved by eliminating the Fair Wage Policy, which ensures the city deals with contractors who give their employees wages and work hours similar to unionized labour.
Nearly $300 million will come from staff reductions and assumed improvements to government efficiency.
For the full details of Ford's financial impact statement, visit: http://www.scribd.com/robfordcampaign.
Reaction
Carol Wilding, president of the Toronto Board of Trade, issued a statement saying that while Ford's plan is ambitious, it raised some questions.
"Mr. Ford's plans for tax relief combined with new program costs and deep cost savings means he has further to go to ensure balanced budgets in fiscal 2011 and beyond," she said.
"He must find significantly more in savings than the projected 2011 budget shortfall of $503 million. However, it is fair to ask if the savings assumptions in Mr. Ford's plan can be realized in time for the 2011 budget."
Hugh MacKenzie, an economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy alternatives, said Ford can't make those types of spending reductions without reducing services.
Many city staff provide essential services and their positions cannot be eliminated through attrition, he said.
Contracting out isn't a cure-all for reducing a service's cost, he said.
"The city has actually brought back in-house some of the contracted-out services … precisely because it cost too much," he said.
Opposing candidates George Smitherman and Rocco Rossi accused Ford of reneging on his promise to eliminate the land transfer tax.
"Now he's saying, 'Whoops, it's going to take until the second year to eliminate the land transfer tax," Rossi told reporters. "Quite frankly, his numbers don't add up."
Smitherman said Ford is overestimating how much money the city could take in from the sale of assets and "isn't telling anybody where he's going to get savings from."
Joe Pantalone said Ford would "really earn the name 'Ford the Destroyer'" if he went ahead with his promised spending and revenue reductions.
Rossi and Smitherman have previously released their fiscal plans. Pantalone has indicated his plan is coming late next week.
With a report from CTV Toronto's Naomi Parness
‘In Bhutan, humans are not dominant, but a small part of the whole' says Emma Slade on the Himalayan kingdom she regards as her spiritual paradise
Bhutan is one of the few places in the world where you can experience unbroken Buddhist culture. Spirituality is embedded in daily life here. I came because I wanted to meet monks and serious retreatants, and witness first hand what it might mean to dedicate your life to spiritual practice as a Buddhist.
Although this is the Himalayas, you don't come to here to climb mountains. Mountains are sacred in Bhutan, as are rivers and the earth. The relationship between nature, animals and people are unique. The population is small (around 750,000) but the power of the mountains and nature is enormous. This puts humans in their place: we are not dominant, but a small part of the whole. Respect for nature here is not just lip-service, you see it in action every day. If you want to build a house, you have to ask permission of the earth, and the government ensures that the country maintains 60% forest coverage. You'll see prayer flags on mountains and on bridges, from where the wind carries the prayers across the country.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Emma Slade in Bhutan
In Paro there's a small three-tiered circular temple called Dungtse Lhakhang. There's no electricity, so take a torch
You don't have to tip your head back to look at the sky; you can stare straight at it. For me, the finest view in Bhutan is from 3,100 metre Dochu-la. From this mountain pass I can admire the view, look directly at the sky, and see the stairs to my lama's temple. I especially like the way the stability and serenity of the mountains contrasts with the clouds moving high above.
Make a point of meeting monks if you go to Bhutan. Visitors tend to emphasise the wow factor of the buildings, and miss the human element. Real Buddhist culture, and what it means in daily life, is in the people.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Memorial Chorten, Thimphu. Photograph: Jason Edwards/Getty Images
Nobody really comes to Bhutan for the food but there are surprises. Down south there are small tasty bananas, and oranges at lower altitudes. Rule number one is to watch out for the chillies. They look photogenic while drying on slatted roofs, but they are intensely fiery. They're generously sprinkled into a dish called ema datsi, which is red rice with chillies and melted cheese. There are lots of types of tea – sweet tea, butter tea and milk tea. As an ordained nun, I don't drink alcohol, but locals drink a strong home brew called ara made from maize and potatoes. In the capital, Thimpu, try Central Cafe: its fresh beetroot juice is excellent.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dish of ema datshi (red rice with chillies and melted cheese). Photograph: Michael Marquand/Getty Images
In Thimphu, stay at Tashi Yoedling (doubles from £30), right by the Memorial Chorten. From its windows you can watch worshippers walking clockwise around the stupa. For fresh bagels and croissants, it's a half-hour walk to Big Bakery, run by Draktsho, a training institute for young people with special needs.
Don't miss the ancient capital, Punakha. Its stunning dzong (fortified monastery) sits at the convergence of two rivers, the male Pho Chhu and the female Mo Chhu.Eastern Bhutan is far less visited than the west, with amazing trekking around the semi-nomadic villages of Merak. In Paro, west of Thimphu, there's a very small three-tiered circular temple called Dungtse Lhakhang. It's the only one of its kind and wonderfully quiet. There's no electricity, so take a torch.
Most visitors come in autumn or spring, when the views are best and the weather is dry, but come off peak for a quieter, more reflective experience. Winter is not depressing and grey; it's all about fresh, clean, sharp air and beautiful blue skies. If you don't like Christmas, consider Bhutan: there's really no trace of it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Punakha Dzong. Photograph: Andrew Stranovsky/Getty Images
• Emma Slade is the author of Set Free: a Life-Changing Journey from Banking to Buddhism in Bhutan (Summersdale, £9.99). To buy a copy for £8.49 with UK p&p go to bookshop.theguardian.com
Special police forces arrested a man on Friday they suspect was responsible for the attack on Borussia Dortmund's team bus last week. Authorities are now also looking for two possible accomplices, according to the daily "Bild."
Germany's Federal Criminal Police and the Federal Prosecutors Office confirmed the arrest, which took place near the southern German city of Tübingen.
The suspect, identified by the media as Sergej W., and holding both Russian and German nationalities, was reportedly staying at the team's hotel on the day of the attack.
His room provided a view of the street where the explosions later injured Dortmund player Marc Bartra and a police officer.
"The explosive devices were detonated at the optimum time," prosecutors said, adding that each device was triggered by a separate wireless signal.
Authorities had begun investigations against the 28-year-old suspect, late last week on 20 counts of attempted murder.
In a statement released on Friday morning, Hans-Joachim Watzke, chairman of the board, and Reinhard Rauball, BVB's president, thanks authorities for the thorough investigation.
Share price speculation?
Rather than ties to international terrorism, greed is thought to have played a role in the attack that left Dortmund player Marc Bartra and a police officer injured.
The suspect allegedly bought options to short sell 15,000 shares of Borussia Dortmund stock for 78,000 euros ($83,600). He would have profited from the transaction if the price for shares of the team fell.
"A significant share price drop could have been expected if a player had been seriously injured or even killed as a result of the attack," prosecutors said.
Ralf Jäger, the top security official in North Rhine-Westphalia state, said the suspect had hoped to earn millions though it remains unclear exactly how much the options could have earned the man.
"The man appears to have wanted to commit murder out of greed," he said.
The team's stock did fall from 5.738 euros to a low of 5.421 euros after the attack. Having recovered slightly after the attack, the company's share price slid again, closing Thursday at 5.395 euros, after the team was eliminated from the Champions League having lost both legs of its quarterfinal matchup.
On April 11, three explosive devices loaded with metal shards and planted in a hedge damaged the Dortmund team bus as the squad departed for a Champions League match against AS Monaco, 15 kilometers (9 miles) away.
ipj/sms (dpa, Reuters, SID, AFP)
The Springboks' varied approach in the final two Rugby Championship Tests speaks to a tactical evolution that does provide cause for encouragement, writes CRAIG LEWIS.
There was something brutal, but beautiful about the manner in which the Boks regularly manhandled the All Blacks on Saturday. To be at the ground was to appreciate the sheer physicality that the Boks brought to proceedings.
Afterwards, New Zealand captain Kieran Read admitted that they had been quite literally taken aback by the manner in which the Boks' big men just kept on coming at them with powerful carries up the middle.
According to Sanzaar's stats, Steven Kitshoff made 16 carries, Malcolm Marx completed 14, Eben Etzebeth made 13, Lood de Jager backed that up with 12, while Pieter-Steph du Toit completed a whopping 21.
Coupled with that, the Boks often used inside centre Jan Serfontein as a battering ram, with the 24-year-old producing his best performance of the Rugby Championship as he fearlessly charged into contact.
This was blunt-force trauma at its best – and while the All Blacks continually aimed to bring their flashy backs into play – the Boks simply just kept on bashing away.
The Springboks may not have dazzled with sexy ball-in-hand play out wide, but the end result was a mere one-point loss to the mighty All Blacks, and no one was complaining about the fact that substance took preference over style.
ALSO READ: ‘Boks displayed courage, character'
What struck me, though, was just how different this approach was to that which the Boks adopted against Australia just the week before in Bloemfontein.
Having also watched that Test from the vantage point of the press box, it was more evident than ever just how much the Boks sought to use the width of the field with ambitious side-to-side play.
To illustrate that point, the statistics demonstrate just how prominent the Boks' back three were in Bloemfontein – Andries Coetzee made 110m and 13 carries, Dillyn Leyds completed 83m and 14 carries, while Courtnall Skosan made 94m and 13 carries.
That game of width with ball-in-hand ambition was part of a clear plan from the Boks to back their skills and handling, while aiming to tire out the Wallabies on the highveld. The concept of such attacking intent was a good one, but it wasn't matched by execution, and ultimately the Boks had to settle for a disappointing draw.
Make no mistake, the Springboks are far from the complete product. A prime foundation for attack has often been disrupted as a result of inconsistencies at the set piece, while their tactical and contestable kicking game still leaves a lot to be desired.
At times in the Rugby Championship, the Boks' attack has also been blunted by the fact that Elton Jantjies has tended to stand too deep rather than take the ball flat and attack the gainline, while the team's defence has been occasionally too passive.
These are work-ons that need to be addressed when the Boks begin preparations for the upcoming four-Test end-of-year tour, but the last two matches of the Rugby Championship certainly provided indications that the Springboks in their current guise are no longer merely a one-dimensional outfit.
Considering that the Boks effectively altered their approach from one week to another, while enforcing horses-for-courses selections (with Lood de Jager and Pieter-Steph du Toit bulking up the pack against the All Blacks), it does point to a proactive approach.
While we shouldn't get too carried away with the Springboks' competitive – but ultimately winless – effort against the All Blacks on Saturday, credit must be given where it's due.
Perhaps the Bok coaches do have a point when they insist that the longer this team sticks together, the better they will become in terms of their decision-making, execution and all-round accuracy.
ALSO READ: ‘Result shows Boks on right track'
Squad competition is also beginning to be created by the performances of Kitshoff, De Jager, Du Toit and Handré Pollard, while the likes of Thomas du Toit, Warrick Gelant, S'bu Nkoski, Makazole Mapimpi and Curwin Bosch continue to perform on the domestic front.
There's a long way to go before the Springboks can really be regarded as world-beaters, but at least there are some progressive signs of proactivity that certainly weren't evident this time last year when the Boks plunged to a heaviest-ever home defeat to the All Blacks in Durban (57-15).
Photo: @Springboks/Twitter
Researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine, applying a state-of-the-art imaging system to brain-tissue samples from mice, have been able to quickly and accurately locate and count the myriad connections between nerve cells in unprecedented detail, as well as to capture and catalog those connections' surprising variety.
A typical healthy human brain contains about 200 billion nerve cells, or neurons, linked to one another via hundreds of trillions of tiny contacts called synapses. It is at these synapses that an electrical impulse traveling along one neuron is relayed to another, either enhancing or inhibiting the likelihood that the second nerve will fire an impulse of its own. One neuron may make as many as tens of thousands of synaptic contacts with other neurons, said Stephen Smith, PhD, professor of molecular and cellular physiology and senior author of a paper describing the study, to be published Nov. 18 in Neuron.
Because synapses are so minute and packed so closely together, it has been hard to get a handle on the complex neuronal circuits that do our thinking, feeling and activation of movement. But the new method may put the mapping of these connections within scientists' grasp. It works by combining high-resolution photography with specialized fluorescent molecules that bind to different proteins and glow in different colors. Massive computing power captures this information and converts it into imagery.
Examined up close, a synapse -- less than a thousandth of a millimeter in diameter -- is a specialized interface consisting of the edges of two neurons, separated by a tiny gap. Chemicals squirted out of the edge of one neuron diffuse across the gap, triggering electrical activity in the next and thus relaying a nervous signal. There are perhaps a dozen known types of synapses, categorized according to the kind of chemical employed in them. Different synaptic types differ correspondingly in the local proteins, on one abutting neuron or the other, that are associated with the packing, secretion and uptake of the different chemicals.
Synapse numbers in the brain vary over time. Periods of massive proliferation in fetal development, infancy and adolescence give way to equally massive bursts of "pruning" during which underused synapses are eliminated, and eventually to a steady, gradual decline with increasing age. The number and strength of synaptic connections in various brain circuits also fluctuate with waking and sleeping cycles, as well as with learning. Many neurodegenerative disorders are marked by pronounced depletion of specific types of synapses in key brain regions.
In particular, the cerebral cortex -- a thin layer of tissue on the brain's surface -- is a thicket of prolifically branching neurons. "In a human, there are more than 125 trillion synapses just in the cerebral cortex alone," said Smith. That's roughly equal to the number of stars in 1,500 Milky Way galaxies, he noted.
But attempting to map the cerebral cortex's complex circuitry has been a fool's errand up to now, Smith said. "We've been guessing at it." Synapses in the brain are crowded in so close together that they cannot be reliably resolved by even the best of traditional light microscopes, he said. "Now we can actually count them and, in the bargain, catalog each of them according to its type."
Array tomography, an imaging method co-invented by Smith and Kristina Micheva, PhD, who is a senior staff scientist in Smith's lab, was used in this study as follows: A slab of tissue -- in this case, from a mouse's cerebral cortex -- was carefully sliced into sections only 70 nanometers thick. (That's the distance spanned by 700 hydrogen atoms theoretically lined up side by side.) These ultrathin sections were stained with antibodies designed to match 17 different synapse-associated proteins, and they were further modified by conjugation to molecules that respond to light by glowing in different colors.
The antibodies were applied in groups of three to the brain sections. After each application huge numbers of extremely high-resolution photographs were automatically generated to record the locations of different fluorescing colors associated with antibodies to different synaptic proteins. The antibodies were then chemically rinsed away and the procedure was repeated with the next set of three antibodies, and so forth. Each individual synapse thus acquired its own protein-composition "signature," enabling the compilation of a very fine-grained catalog of the brain's varied synaptic types.
All the information captured in the photos was recorded and processed by novel computational software, most of it designed by study co-author Brad Busse, a graduate student in Smith's lab. It virtually stitched together all the slices in the original slab into a three-dimensional image that can be rotated, penetrated and navigated by the researchers.
The Stanford team used brain samples from a mouse that had been bioengineered so that particularly large neurons that abound in the cerebral cortex express a fluorescent protein, normally found in jellyfish, that glows yellowish-green. This let them visualize synapses against the background of the neurons they linked.
The researchers were able to "travel" through the resulting 3-D mosaic and observe different colors corresponding to different synaptic types just as a voyager might transit outer space and note the different hues of the stars dotting the infinite blackness. A movie was also created by this software.
This level of detailed visualization has never been achieved before, Smith said. "The entire anatomical context of the synapses is preserved. You know right where each one is, and what kind it is," he said.
Observed in this manner, the brain's overall complexity is almost beyond belief, said Smith. "One synapse, by itself, is more like a microprocessor -- with both memory-storage and information-processing elements -- than a mere on/off switch. In fact, one synapse may contain on the order of 1,000 molecular-scale switches. A single human brain has more switches than all the computers and routers and Internet connections on Earth," he said.
In the course of the study, whose primary purpose was to showcase the new technique's application to neuroscience, Smith and his colleagues discovered some novel, fine distinctions within a class of synapses previously assumed to be identical. His group is now focused on using array tomography to tease out more such distinctions, which should accelerate neuroscientists' progress in, for example, identifying how many of which subtypes are gained or lost during the learning process, after an experience such as traumatic pain, or in neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's. With support from the National Institutes of Health, Smith's lab is using array tomography to examine tissue samples from Alzheimer's brains obtained from Stanford and the University of Pennsylvania.
"I anticipate that within a few years, array tomography will have become an important mainline clinical pathology technique, and a drug-research tool," Smith said. He and Micheva are founding a company that is now gathering investor funding for further work along these lines. Stanford's Office of Technology Licensing has obtained one U.S. patent on array tomography and filed for a second.
The Neuron study was funded by the NIH, the Gatsby Charitable Trust, the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Stanford's Bio-X program and a gift from Lubert Stryer, MD, the emeritus Mrs. George A. Winzer Professor of Cell Biology in the medical school's Department of Neurobiology. Other Stanford co-authors of the paper were neuroscience graduate student Nicholas Weiler and senior research scientist Nancy O'Rourke, PhD.
Would a Secretary of Defense Hagel oppose war with Iran?
Bloomberg is reporting that Chuck Hagel will "likely to be nominated as Secretary of Defense" having passed through the White House vetting process. The former senator from Nebraska will likely be touted as a bipartisan choice, though Hagel is hardly beloved by the GOP establishment these days and leading Republicans will likely be skeptical of many of his foreign-policy views, particularly on Iran. The National Review quotes a senior congressional aide:
“This is someone who will be extremely skeptical of the idea that, if push comes to shove, we should use military force against Iran… Fairly or not, if Senator Hagel is nominated by the president to be secretary of defense, it will be broadly viewed as a signal that the United States is not going to use military force to stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons.”
Is that a fair description? Hagel did say during a 2006 visit to Pakistan that "a military strike against Iran, a military option, is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.” He has also advocated direct talks with Tehran. Here's are some remarks to the Council on Foreign Relations in 2005:
The fact that our two governments cannot-or will not-sit down to exchange views must end. Iran is a regional power; it has major influence in Iraq and throughout the Gulf region. Its support of terrorist organizations and the threat it poses to Israel is all the more reason that the U.S. must engage Iran. Any lasting solution to Iran's nuclear weapons program will also require the United States' direct discussions with Iran. The United States is capable of engaging Iran in direct dialogue without sacrificing any of its interests or objectives. As a start, we should have direct discussions with Iran on the margins of any regional security conference on Iraq, as we did with Iran in the case of Afghanistan.
Of course, that was quite a few years ago. More recently, Hagel co-authored a Washington Post op-ed with William Fallon, Lee Hamilton, Thomas Pickering, and Anthony Zinni, making the case that while Iranian nuclear weapons pose a threat, Washington needs a more honest debate about the consequences of war:
Iran is likely to retaliate directly but also to pursue an asymmetrical response, including heightened terrorist activity and covert operations as well as using surrogates such as Hezbollah. An increase in the price of oil could keep the market unstable for weeks or months and disrupt the global economy. The conflict could also escalate into a regional war involving Syria, Hezbollah, the Palestinians and other Arab states and terrorist groups. While a U.S.-led attack on Iran might be quietly welcomed by the leaders of many Arab states, and certainly by Israel, it would most likely be greeted with hostility from wide swaths of the region's Muslims. Other consequences might include the increased likelihood of a decision by Iran to build a nuclear weapon; more instability in a region still seeking its footing; and the opportunity for extremist groups such as al-Qaeda to attract recruits. When he accepted the Nobel Peace Prize, President Obama wisely described the dilemma that the United States faces as a great nation: “part of our challenge is reconciling these two seemingly irreconcilable truths — that war is sometimes necessary, and war at some level is an expression of human folly.” The United States needs to have a nonpartisan, reasoned discussion about the choice between necessity and human folly.
I'm not sure if a Hagel appointment would actually constitute a "shift" in Iran stance. Current Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has also warned of the potential "unintended consequences" of a strike on Iran, saying it "could have a serious impact in the region, and it could have a serious impact on US forces in the region." Obama himself has said that "additional military activity inside the Gulf is disruptive and has a big effect on us. It could have a big effect on oil prices. We've still got troops in Afghanistan, which borders Iran. And so our preferred solution here is diplomatic."
Hagel called for direct talks with Iran during the closing years of the Bush administration — as did Obama. He now says Iran's nukes pose a serious threat but that the GOP isn't fully considering the consequences of military action — as do Obama and Panetta. If there's a "signal" being sent, it's that the administration is sticking with the plan on Iran.
Experts are scoffing at President Barack Obama's apparent belief that widespread Muslim hatred of Jews is only decades old.
“Obama reveals that he has no idea, or doesn't want to give the impression that he has any idea, about the reality of Islamic anti-Semitism,” said Robert Spencer, the author of many books on Islamic ideas and director of Jihad Watch.
“Anti-Semitism is hard-wired into Islam,” from its origins before 700, said Andrew Bostom, author of three books about Islam, including “The Legacy of Islamic Antisemitism,” which lists centuries of anti-Semitic hatred, murders, pogroms and apartheid-like discrimination.
Intellectuals, politicians and diplomats are loath to admit the centrality of anti-Semitism in Islamic beliefs, because it fuels conflict with Israel and the West and it can't be fixed by Westerners, Bostom said. “You're dealing with an intractable situation, and people hate intractable situations,” he said, adding “diplomats are the worst.”
In an interview with The New Yorker magazine, Obama described the Muslim hatred of Israel as byproduct of recent fights, not as a consequence of Islam's doctrinal objection to any Jewish government.
“With respect to Israel, the interests of Israel in stability and security are actually very closely aligned with the interests of the Sunni states,” Obama said.
The “Sunni states” are nations populated by Arabs who believe in the mainstream Sunni version of Islam. In contrast, Iran advocates the Shia version of Islam, which is endorsed by roughly 10 percent of Muslims.
“What's preventing them from entering into even an informal alliance [against Shia-run Iran] with at least normalized diplomatic relations is not that their interests are profoundly in conflict but the Palestinian issue, as well as a long history of anti-Semitism that's developed over the course of decades there, and anti-Arab sentiment that's increased inside of Israel based on seeing [Jewish] buses being blown up,” Obama said.
“If you can start unwinding some of that, that creates a new equilibrium,” he said.
“The Palestinian issue,” is the refusal by Muslims to recognize the right of Jews to have a Jewish government in the historically Jewish homeland around Jerusalem.
However, the refusal to recognize Israel is entwined with Islamic anti-Semitism, which Obama claimed “has developed over the course of decades there.”
Obama's “course of decades” comment “ignores the numerous anti-Semitic teachings of the Quran and other Islamic texts — most notably the Quran's designation of the Jews as the worst enemies of the believers,” Spencer said.
For example, Spencer cited the fifth chapter of the Quran, which declares that “If [Jews] believed in Allah and the Prophet and that which is revealed unto him, they would not choose them for their friends. But many of them are of evil conduct. Thou wilt find the most vehement of mankind in hostility to those who believe (to be) the Jews and the idolaters.”
The Jew-hatred in the Quran is critical, said Bostom, because orthodox Muslims believe the Quran is a word-for-word copy of a divine book resting on a table in “jannah,” or the Islamic version of heaven. Most Christians believe most of their Bible is open for interpretation, but for Muslims, the Quran is “permanent and perfect. … It applies to all time, it is eternal, it is a pure, divine, eternal form of reality,” Bostom told The Daily Caller.
Islamic traditions also blame a Jewish woman for poisoning their prophet Muhammad, who is credited by Muslims with creating Islam. Several Jews tribes in Saudi Arabia were enslaved, murdered or exiled during the early 600s by Muhammad's armies, according to Islamic traditions.
The Quran's words created and maintain Islamic anti-Semitism, which is so ubiquitous that even sects of Sunni and Shia Muslims who are trying to kill each other agree that Jews are to blame for their fighting, he said.
In the last few years, Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi, Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak and Egypt's deposed Islamic president, Mohammed Morsi, were all described as Jews or friendly to Jews by their local enemies, Bostom said. Morsi was accused of collaborating with Jews, even though he had repeatedly invoked Islamic claims when declaring Jews to be apes.
The many anti-Semitic pogroms include major murder sprees in Muslim-occupied Spain in 1066 and 1391, according to Norbert Pressburg, author of “What the Modern Martyr Should Know,” which argues that Islam emerged in the 800s as an Arab heresy of Christianity.
The “ape Josef [a Jew] covered his house in marble stone. … Hurry up to slit his throat. … Take away his money, for you deserve it more than he,” claimed the one local Jew-hater, Abu Ishaq, according to Pressburg.
Maimonides, a Spanish Jew who was exiled from Muslim-controlled Spain after a 1165 campaign of forced conversion, complained that “never did a nation molest, degrade, debase and hate us as much as they. … Although we were dishonored by them beyond human endurance… our sages instructed us to bear the prevarications and preposterousness of Ishmael [Muslims] in silence.”
Obama's attempt to ignore Islam's anti-Semitism reflect a broader effort by liberals to excuse Muslims for their beliefs, said Bostom. By exculpating Islam, liberals can blame Europeans, imperialism and Israel for the Arabs' wars and various problems, and allow themselves to play the role of modern peacekeeper, he said.
Arabs launched numerous pograms of Jews throughout the Arab world long before the Israel was created in 1948. The leading local Muslim religious figure who urged the pogroms around Jerusalem, Amin al-Husseini, moved to Berlin, and met with Hitler, when he urged Nazis to capture the region around Jerusalem and to kill all the local Jews.
Obama “seems to be attributing the rise in anti-Semitism in Arab culture to the founding of the State of Israel in 1948, which ignores the many anti-Jewish pogroms that took place in that area before the founding of the State of Israel,” said Spencer.
The view fortified his mistaken belief that he can reform the Arab world, Spencer says. “His hubris is founded upon his ignorance,” Spencer added.
“No well-informed individual could possibly think himself capable of overturning hatreds that are founded in religious texts that are over a millennium old and are still revered by hundreds of millions of people as the perfect and unalterable word of the deity,” Spencer said.
Follow Neil on Twitter
The Brain Stimulator v3.0 is the most technologically advanced Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation device ever made. We listened to customer feedback and after hundreds of design iterations landed on a product we're confident will exceed your expectations. This is the perfect tDCS device for everyone from beginners to advanced brain stimulation enthusiast, combining simplicity with top-performance to produce optimal results from each and every stimulation session.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation doesn't need to be intimidating! The Brain Stimulator v3.0 was designed with simplicity in mind so anyone can enjoy tDCS. It features slick push buttons which allow the user to increase and decrease the current flow, as well as shut off the device at any time. While it appears simple from the outside, inside we've optimized the circuitry and included advanced features, some which are not available in any other tDCS device.New smart-ramp technology creates incredibly smooth current transitions by adapting to your specific body chemistry, providing for amazingly comfortable tDCS sessions. This results in comfortable starts and stops and an overall relaxing tDCS session.By boosting the available battery power to a whopping 12-volts, The Brain Stimulator v3.0 can operate at maximum efficiency regardless of the health of the battery. In addition, integrated voltage monitoring prevents the device from exceeding 12.5-volts at any time, protecting the user from higher, unsafe voltage levels.By using precision components and streamlined circuitry, The Brain Stimulator v3.0 is able to operate at the highest 2 milliamp setting for over 90 hours. That means you can enjoy over 45 full sessions before you will need to replace the battery.Metered tDCS devices are a thing of the past! Don't settle for antiquated analog circuitry and the chore of constant dial adjustment. The Brain Stimulator uses high-performance integrated circuits and precision components to deliver spot-on accurate current.We take consumer safety very seriously. Therefore we implemented several advanced safety features such as front-line and failsafe current limiting, instant malfunction lock-down, and reverse battery polarity protection.A new feature in The Brain Stimulator v3.0 is the 30-minute “set & forget” session timer. The vast majority of scientific research on tDCS focuses on stimulating the brain for 30 minutes, once a day. Our newly integrated timer helps you stick to this standard so you can get the most out of your tDCS sessions without the risk of overdoing it.
As we get closer and closer to the start of the 2015 NFL Draft, more information comes out on what may happen.
At the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, the most information came out yet. Some of the information is rooted in raw data in the form of timing drills. Even more of it comes from talking with sources -- whether they come from a team, agents, analysts or even the players themselves. If nothing else, the Combine is an exercise in information gathering.
Update: Check out our NFL Draft 2015 preview.
This week's mock draft is themed around some of the noteworthy observations from Indianapolis. Expect more as we get closer to the draft.
(Note: The original publication of this week's mock draft left out Vic Beasley by accident. He was put in at No. 8, Shane Ray was moved to No. 21 and Jordan Phillips out of the first round. Apologies. -- Dan)
1. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Jameis Winston, QB, Florida State
Indications from those in Indianapolis signal Winston not only as the top quarterback in this year's draft, but the favorite to be the choice at No. 1. The Buccaneers will have to decide whether or not Winston is simply immature or has serious character questions. Once they do, look for this pick to get locked down before the start of the draft.
2. Tennessee Titans: Marcus Mariota, QB, Oregon
If Winston goes No. 1, the pick for Tennessee is not quite as cut and dry as plugging in Mariota. While he's a good quarterback, defensive lineman Leonard Williams is thought to be the best player in this year's draft. This pick will change week to week. For now, it's back to Mariota because he's a quarterback. A less-than-glowing endorsement of Zach Mettenberger only fuels this choice.
3. Jacksonville Jaguars: Leonard Williams, DT, Southern California
If Williams is available for the Jaguars, he should be the choice. There are few questions about his game, and those in the NFL are intrigued by his potential to get even better with added bulk and strength.
4. Oakland Raiders: Amari Cooper, WR, Alabama
The choice for Oakland may be a wide receiver but there's no guarantee it will be Cooper. He's considered the frontrunner, but West Virginia's Kevin White is ascending.
5. Washington: Randy Gregory, DE/OLB, Nebraska
Before the Combine, Gregory said he wanted to be a linebacker. At the Combine, he had the build of a linebacker and showed the movement skills of a linebacker. If he's on the board for Washington, he should be the pick and replace Brian Orakpo.
SB Nation presents: Washington bolsters its defense in our latest mock
6. New York Jets: Dante Fowler, DE/OLB, Florida
Fowler is one of the hottest names in the draft right now. There was a buzz in Indianapolis about him being a top-five pick. That means if he's there and the two quarterbacks aren't, he should be a "run to the podium" choice for New York.
7. Chicago Bears: Bud Dupree, DE/OLB, Kentucky
While there is some projection to moving Dupree to full time rush linebacker, he did it enough at Kentucky that it should be a smooth transition. In the Combine drills he did, Dupree was able to quantify his athleticism, so the fear about him moving positions should lessen slightly.
8. Atlanta Falcons: Vic Beasley, OLB, Clemson
Beasley had an outstanding Combine, both testing well and measuring bigger than most people expected. Atlanta's biggest need is a pass rusher, and Beasley fits the bill.
9. New York Giants: La'el Collins, OT, LSU
The way the draft seems to be shaping, the Giants should be able to sit back, pick No. 9 and land whoever they consider the best offensive tackle. Collins could be that guy because of his ability to dominate on the outside or inside.
10. St. Louis Rams: Brandon Scherff, OT, Iowa
At the Combine, some fears about Scherff were put to rest when his arms measured more than 33 inches. His 10-yard split times in the 40-yard dash, an indicator of explosiveness for an offensive lineman, were also a positive indicator.
11. Minnesota Vikings: DeVante Parker, WR, Louisville
You don't need to speak with NFL sources to know Parker is a smart choice for the Vikings. He's a difference-making wide receiver who can get vertical and work underneath routes.
12. Cleveland Browns: Kevin White, WR, West Virginia
The Browns finding White at pick No. 12 would be a coup. White is the top wide receiver in the draft to some, and not just members of the NFL media contingent.
13. New Orleans Saints: Trae Waynes, CB, Michigan State
The Saints need to add a good cornerback opposite Keenan Lewis, and Waynes is the best, and safest, choice. Waynes has length and the skills to cover in man without help over the top.
14. Miami Dolphins: Danny Shelton, DT, Washington
Shelton isn't simply a 3-4 nose tackle. He has enough short-area athleticism to fit in a four-man front. At this point in the draft, he would be too good to pass on.
15. San Francisco 49ers: Dorial Green-Beckham, WR, Missouri
Whoever decides to take Green-Beckham will have to be comfortable with his off-field issues and determine if he's a good fit for the offense. General manager Trent Baalke's staff is likely digging deep on DGB to see if his issues don't overshadow his talent and potential.
16. Houston Texans: Shaq Thompson, LB, Washington
Thompson's Combine didn't go as expected – at least in regard to his 40-yard dash time. His 40 time may not have been blazing, but it's good enough. He can play the weakside at inside linebacker for a team like Houston and use his coverage ability and instincts.
17. San Diego Chargers: T.J. Clemmings, OT, Pittsburgh
Chargers general manager Tom Telesco may have said the plan is for D.J. Fluker to stay at right tackle, but plans change. They can especially change if a player like Clemmings is out there. He's a perfect fit in the Chargers' blocking scheme. He can stick at right tackle, but if Fluker does, he can work at guard.
18. Kansas City Chiefs: Landon Collins, S, Alabama
Hey look, it's not a wide receiver or offensive lineman for the Chiefs. Unfortunately, the football future of the Chiefs' Eric Berry is unknown while he gets treated for Hodgkin lymphoma. As a precaution, Kansas City could roll with Collins and get the draft's top safety. Fellow starter Husain Abdullah has just one more season on his contract.
19. Cleveland Browns (via Buffalo Bills): Malcom Brown, DT, Texas
It's obvious that the Browns need help in the run defense, especially if Ahtyba Rubin leaves in free agency. Brown may not have blown people away at the Combine, but his film doesn't lie. He's an active tackle who can quickly shed blocks and make plays.
SB Nation presents: The five best DTs in this year's draft
20. Philadelphia Eagles: Marcus Peters, CB, Washington
It might not be the smartest play, but during Peters' media session at the Combine on Saturday, he seemed remorseful about his dismissal at Washington. It's telling that Peters and coaches at Washington could put things in the past and let him come back for the team's pro day. If Philadelphia's scouting staff comes to the same conclusion about his character, they should feel comfortable taking him at 20.
21. Cincinnati Bengals: Shane Ray, DE/OLB, Missouri
Ray may not fit the general mold of what the Bengals look for in a pass rusher. He's not a big, long pass rusher. But he's so fast off the edge he'd be hard to pass up with the 21st pick in the draft.
22. Pittsburgh Steelers: P.J. Williams, CB, Florida State
Williams is a nice fit for the Steelers. At Florida State, he played on the boundary side of the field so he was asked to play in man more often. That and his general playing style translate to the NFL nicely.
23. Detroit Lions: D.J. Humphries, OT, Florida
There is absolutely no hotter name in the draft right now than Humphries. According to many at the Combine, he's a surefire first-round pick. The real debate is about whether or not he's the draft's best offensive tackle.
24. Arizona Cardinals: Eric Kendricks, LB, UCLA
Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians may have said he wants to add competition at guard, but inside linebacker is a more pressing need. Kendricks is the best one in the draft and would be a good foil next to Kevin Minter.
25. Carolina Panthers: Andrus Peat, OT, Stanford
Even though general manager Dave Gettleman was adamant about taking the best player available, the Panthers can't go another season with what they've got at offensive tackle. Peat has good size and athleticism to stick at left tackle and should only continue adding strength in the run game.
26. Baltimore Ravens: Jaelen Strong, WR, Arizona State
Strong put up ridiculous numbers in Indianapolis, running the 40-yard dash in 4.44 seconds and registering a 42-inch vertical leap. That should illustrate how well he'd fit in Baltimore's offense.
27. Dallas Cowboys: Melvin Gordon, RB, Wisconsin
Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett was vocal in how much he wants DeMarco Murray back, but it's hard to see it working financially if he's offered a big contract. If Murray leaves, Gordon probably secured his position as the first running back taken in the draft.
28. Denver Broncos: Maxx Williams, TE, Minnesota
There's no guarantee that Julius Thomas is going to be back in Denver. The team's priority might be re-signing wide receiver Demaryius Thomas and defensive tackle Terrance Knighton. Going after Williams in the first round would be a nice replacement.
SB Nation presents: AFC West team needs in this year's draft
29. Indianapolis Colts: Arik Armstead, DE, Oregon
It's hard to get a read on what the Colts will do with this pick. It becomes even more of a challenge because of the uncertain future of Cory Redding. If Redding happens to retire, drafting his replacement is a priority. Armstead's potential is incredible and he has a style and strength to play immediately in the NFL.
30. Green Bay Packers: Paul Dawson, LB, TCU
Dawson had a mostly bad Combine. Don't pay attention to the numbers he ran. Pay attention to his film. Go back and watch TCU's game against Minnesota and see a linebacker who would fit perfectly inside for the Packers.
31. Seattle Seahawks: Jalen Collins, CB, LSU
There's a buzz building around Collins. He's a little raw coming out of LSU, but his length and man skills are obvious. Byron Maxwell has a chance to cash in via free agency and Jeremy Lane may miss the start of the season after word came out that he tore his ACL. Collins is a perfect fit for Seattle's scheme.
32. New England Patriots: A.J. Cann, G, South Carolina
Despite winning the Super Bowl, the Patriots have a few clear needs, and guard is the biggest one. There isn't a lot of flash to Cann's game, but he's a dominating guard who is hard to move off his spot and can open big holes in the run game.
Protein-rich insect food. Mushroom tea. Home-grown animal-less meat. Juice made from misshapen fruits. The food science industry is replete with unimaginable yet promising innovations, and is one of the fastest-growing industries today. Through Kolabtree, we've got to see a wide range of food science projects that have needed the expertise of our PhD-qualified food technologists – from making gluten-free bread to formulating the perfect ice-cream.
Food tech startups are changing the way we source ingredients, formulate recipes, and process, package and store food. Which of course, changes the way we consume it. Given that ‘you are what you eat', one has to admit that this is something to be both excited and concerned about. Who ever thought we'd one day be chomping on crickets or eating chicken-less chicken?
We've been keeping an eye on some of the emerging startups in this space, and here are some of the most fascinating food science innovators we've come across.
1. ChugaChaga
Chaga is a kind of mushroom that grows on birch trees in the Northern Hemisphere. It's thought to have miraculous healing properties, and has been brewed into tea by the Chinese and Russians since ancient times. ChugaChaga, a New York based startup, aims to make and sell bottled chaga tea, which reduces the wastage that comes from typical loose-leaf tea or tea bags. Chaga tea is believed to be a cure for certain types of cancer, heart disease, diabetes and more.
A new type of superfood ‘shroom? With its immune-boosting properties, we'd say it offers a different kind of magic!
2. Memphis Meats
Love your chicken but concerned about the impact of the meat industry on the environment? Memphis Meats has got a solution. Using stem cells that can develop into animal tissue, this San Francisco company aims to make sustainable cultured meat. Lab-grown meat removes the need to breed, feed and provide for animals, as well as eliminates the need to slaughter an actual animal itself. So you can relish that piece of kebab, guilt-free.
3. Get Wonky
It turns out that human beings are not the only creatures subject to body image issues. Misshapen fruits and vegetables are often discarded by supermarkets in favour of their better-looking cousins. The Welsh company Get Wonky makes bottled juices from these “unfortunately shaped” fruit and veggies, showing us that the world can be truly inclusive. Coupled with environmentally-friendly packaging and bottles made from recycled glass, the startup aims to support growers that can't shift wonky produce.
Because it's never about the looks, y'know. It's what's inside that counts.
4. Winnow Solutions
While we're talking about food wastage, here's a company that's helping kitchens reduce their food waste by implementing a simple but powerful strategy: recording what goes into the bin. Winnow Solutions has developed a ‘smart meter' that measures the value of the food being thrown into the bin and displays it in real-time. The data is analyzed and presented such that the restaurant can understand and implement a comprehensive waste reduction plan as well as save on food cost. Winnow's technology can help kitchens cut their food waste by 50%!
5. Foodini
What do you do when you want to whip up a fresh meal but dread having to bake, roast, stuff, toss, saute and shape? The answer might seem obvious a few years from now – you just 3D print the dish of your choice. Foodini's kitchen appliance helps users make food from fresh ingredients, using 3D printing technology that can make breadsticks from dough, or stuff individual ravioli. Based in Barcelona, Foodini is all set to help users save time and energy, while creating healthy foods in all kinds of funky shapes. Sounds like these guys have accomplished impossible feats, right? Well, so had Houdini.
6. Exo
Protein bars made of peanut butter and jelly sound pretty good, until you learn that they're made of cricket flour. But hey, somebody's got to solve the world food crisis, and insects are increasingly being considered as one of the key foods that can help feed billions of hungry mouths over the coming years. According to Exo, crickets produce 1% of the greenhouse gases that cows do, are a complete protein source and also contain twice the amount of iron as spinach does. Don't think it's recommended that you pop a jumping critter into your mouth, but served in apple cinnamon or blueberry vanilla flavours, it sounds almost tempting.
7. Flippy by Miso Robotics
Putting together a burger requires skill, speed and precision – from grilling the patty to perfection to adding just the right amount of sauce. If you've ever admired the expertise of a fast food joint worker, you've got something even more interesting in store – a burger-flipping robot taking on the job. LA-based Caliburger has hired Flippy, a hamburger-making robot designed by Miso Robotics. Flippy's been slogging away behind the scenes at Caliburger's Pasadena outlet. Automating the burger-making process means better productivity, better hygiene, and easier customization. High school kids looking for part-time jobs, you've got some serious competition here!
8. Madame Shugah
California-based Madame Shugah makes the “happiest cookies around”, which are vegan, gluten-free and soy-free. The unique thing about this shop is that not only do they sell cookies, but also cookie dough, which is a guilty pleasure for many of us!
9. Plenish Cleanse
With the way the world is headed, it seems that we need detoxes and cleanses more than ever. UK-based Plenish Cleanse comes to the rescue with organic, cold-pressed juice cleanses that are devised for various purposes such as weight loss, skin health, etc. Their cleanses come in 6 500 ml juices a day, which replace solid food and fill your body with essential minerals and vitamins. The manufacturing process uses pressure and not heat, and is designed to produce a fine juice that is absorbed into the blood stream within 10 to 15 minutes. It seems pretty replenishing just reading about it, so the real thing must work wonders.
10. Magic Candy
Imagine a world where kids could design their own candy bars and see their imaginations come to life. That's what Birmingham-based Magic Candy is doing – 3D printing customized candy! You can print anything from dinosaurs and turtles to cartoon characters and giant geckos. And let's not forget, you can even 3D print your own selfies in candy.
Judging by the list above, the future of food science looks well-stocked with exciting innovations and research. Startups especially need to consult experienced and qualified food scientists who can propel their business in the right direction and validate the results of their research. Kolabtree's global pool of food science experts are helping restaurants and food manufacturers formulate the right recipes, increase product shelf life, identify organic ingredients and boost their businesses.
Have a food science startup you'd like to recommend? Let us know in the comments below or Tweet to us!
Davis Cup World Group play-off: Croatia v Great Britain
Venue: Stadion Stella Maris, Umag, Croatia Date: 13-15 September Coverage: Commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra from 10:00 BST on Friday and Sunday, and via BBC Sport website from 13:00 BST on Saturday
British number one Andy Murray has told BBC Sport that the Davis Cup should become "a mandatory event".
On the eve of Great Britain's World Group play-off tie in Croatia, Murray feels the demands of the ATP Tour force top players to skip some ties.
"We're told which events to play throughout the whole year," said the Wimbledon champion, who has not played a Davis Cup match for two years.
"They should make Davis Cup a mandatory event so it isn't up for discussion."
Davis Cup squads: Croatia v GB Croatia Great Britain Ivan Dodig Andy Murray Antonia Veic James Ward Mate Pavic Daniel Evans Borna Coric Colin Fleming Venue: Stadion Stella Maris, Umag
The 26-year-old used to turn out regularly and is unbeaten in 14 matches since losing to Stanislas Wawrinka on his debut in 2005.
"It isn't about prioritising Davis Cup. We, as tennis players, are told which tournaments to play," he said, after Thursday's draw in Umag.
"We don't have much flexibility in our schedule at all, and that's why I don't understand why they don't make Davis Cup a mandatory event. We are meant to play 18 mandatory events during the year, which is about 27, 28 weeks worth of tournaments, and we don't get to decide which ones we do and don't play."
The "mandatory events" are the 18 tournaments which can count towards a player's world ranking. For the elite like Murray that means the four Grand Slams and the nine Masters 1000 events, plus up to five others.
At least three of those five are supposed to be ATP 500 events, and as players are also likely to want to play warm-up events before both the Australian Open and Wimbledon, Murray feels also committing to up to four Davis Cup ties a year puts too much strain on the body.
"The hard part about it is the surface changes," he said. "Going from hard courts to clay courts to hard courts in a three-week span [is difficult].
"Davis Cup finishes on a Sunday and there are tournaments that start on the ATP Tour on Tuesday. That's unhealthy - it's not good for the body to travel from Croatia on a Sunday night, hit once on a hard court, and then play a match on it going flat out."
Murray faces 16-year-old Borna Coric on Friday
Murray withdrew from this year's French Open after suffering a back injury at the Rome Masters and has to manage a condition which tends to flare up on clay.
He has not pushed himself too hard in training in Umag ahead of Friday's opening rubber against 16-year-old Borna Coric and has been having regular physiotherapy, so does not expect the transition to cause him too many problems this time.
Where the Davis Cup should sit in the annual calendar has become a torturous issue. Seven years ago, a number of top players wrote to the International Tennis Federation (ITF) to ask them to stage Davis Cup ties in weeks immediately after a Grand Slam.
Murray said: "That's also challenging but they've got a good turn out this week. Rafa's playing, Novak's playing, so the competition still does very well. They draw big crowds - there just needs to be a few tweaks."
Losing in the quarter-finals of the US Open did at least allow Murray more time to prepare for this tie.
He flew to Croatia on Sunday and started practising on the clay later that evening. Nadal and Djokovic had to play the US Open final in New York on Monday night, before flying to Madrid and Belgrade respectively to get ready for a Friday Davis Cup start.
The ATP is yet to respond to Murray's comments, but the ITF president Francesco Ricci Bitti has told BBC Sport that he finds the world number three's suggestion "interesting".
"The ITF is always open to consider new ideas to improve the competition and available to discuss with the relevant parties," he added.
TAIZ, Yemen - Three Al Jazeera Arabic crew members went missing on 18 January while they were on their way back to their house in the al-Masbah area in the centre of Taiz city, which is completely under the control of the Popular Resistance.
Al Jazeera correspondent Hamdi al-Bokari and his crew, photographer Abdulaziz al-Sabri and driver Moneer al-Sabai, are believed to have been kidnapped by a group of Popular Resistance fighters.
A friend of Bokari, who worked with him as a photographer, told Middle East Eye on the condition of anonymity that Bokari and his colleagues were kidnapped around 10pm after having dinner at the house of Abdulstar al-Shamiri, a leader in the Resistance.
"All of us know that the al-Masbah area is far from the Houthis and this area is completely under the control of the Resistance, so the Houthis are innocent of this abduction. The Resistance is the only group responsible for this abduction," Bokari's friend added.
He said that there are more than 10 groups fighting with the Resistance in Taiz, including Salafi fighters and alleged members of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The leadership of the Resistance cannot control all of these groups, he added.
"There are disputes starting to emerge among the different groups of the Resistance in Taiz, and this threatens the future of Taiz in general and the journalists in particular, as the different groups will resort to kidnapping journalists and activists, who are under the protection of the leadership of the Resistance," Bokari's friend told MEE.
The Al Jazeera Media Network has called for the immediate release of the news team, but the news channel did not accuse any side of the abduction.
The news channel said in a statement on Thursday that there were "indications that Bokari had been kidnapped by unknown persons".
Sleeper cells
No one has claimed responsibility for the abduction yet, and the Resistance of Taiz province said that there are sleeper cells of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh inside Taiz.
Moaath al-Yaseri, a leader of the Popular Resistance in Taiz, said that Saleh had resorted to using his sleeper cells to defame the reputation of the Resistance, after being unable to take over Taiz.
"Al Jazeera crew members were kidnapped by the sleeper cells of Saleh, which have spread in the areas of the Resistance in Taiz, but the Resistance is following the issue now and we will not let the abductors flee," he added to MEE.
Yaseri stated that the Resistance is happy with the work of Al Jazeera Arabic in Taiz, confirming that the Resistance does not have any interest in kidnapping the journalists, as journalists in Taiz often reflect on the suffering of the residents and highlight the siege on the city by the Houthis.
However, the Yemeni Journalists Syndicate (YJS) said that the leadership of the Popular Resistance of Taiz is responsible for the abduction of Bokari and his colleagues given that they were abducted from an area under its control.
"Even if the Resistance did not abduct the Al Jazeera crew members, the Resistance is responsible for the al-Masbah area, and it has to keep it safe and protect the residents of that area," said Ashraf al-Rifi, the secretary of YJS's rights and freedoms committee.
There are 13 journalists still detained by the Houthis and by al-Qaeda, according to YJS, which called for their immediate release.
There were no reports of the Resistance kidnapping or arresting any journalists last year.
Fears among journalists
When the Houthis in 2014 took over the capital, Sanaa, they arrested many journalists who were opposed to them. In response, many journalists fled to other provinces, including Taiz.
However, the abduction of the Al Jazeera team has created fear among journalists in Taiz, as this was the first abduction of journalists in an area controlled by the Resistance in Taiz, and some journalists have been considering leaving the city.
Fareed al-Homaid, a freelance journalist based in Taiz who used to work for the Yemen Times newspaper, said that he fled Sanaa in April 2015, and he is thinking now about fleeing Taiz to another province, as Taiz seems not to be safe anymore for journalists.
"In Sanaa, we know that the Houthis abduct journalists, but in Taiz we do not know which group of the Resistance is responsible for the abduction, so the abductor is anonymous and this is very dangerous," Homaid told MEE.
He added that he feared journalists would be victims of disputes between various groups of the Resistance in Taiz, confirming that he had become very cautious about his movements throughout the city.
Homaid condemned the leadership of the Resistance for its attitude towards the abduction of Al Jazeera crew members.
“The leadership of the Resistance accused sleeper cells of former president Saleh for (carrying out) the abduction, but the Resistance has not looked for the abductees in Taiz city."
He said that even if Saleh's sleeper cells kidnapped the Al Jazeera team, the sleeper cells could not take them out of Taiz city, as the checkpoints of the Resistance have spread around the entire al-Masbah area and the surrounding areas, so he believes that the Resistance is the only one responsible for any journalist abductions in Taiz city.
On Saturday, crowds of residents in Taiz protested in solidarity with the Al Jazeera team, holding photos of the abductees and calling for their immediate release.
I met a vegan couple, one of them from Mexico and the other from the US, at Te Quiero Verde, a vegetarian restaurant with this awesome mural. The American has been involved in animal rights and other activism since the 90s. Upon hearing about my project, he told me the following story about the effects of food aid in Haiti, where he worked for several years.
In the middle of the last century, Haiti produced and consumed its own rice. At some point, it even exported rice as aid. And then, following a natural disaster, it started being flooded with American rice, which killed off local rice production as Haitian farmers couldn't compete. The American rice was milled white rice with little nutritional value, while Haitian rice was brown. The effect of killing off local production was therefore not only economic but directly nutritional as well. And thus, in supposedly addressing a problem another one was created, leaving Haitians more in need of measures to address malnutrition.
Food aid can not be thought of in disjunction from the economic system in which it takes place. As critics have long pointed out, it has often been built on a donor-based logic, which means that the primary function of food aid is to fulfill the needs of donors – for example rice or milk producers – as opposed to the needs of the recipients. As expected however, rhetoric around food aid focuses on the recipients – their starvation, their malnutrition, their poverty. It is portrayed as a generous donation to address a pressing need in the recipient population.
Part of my work here is to look at the effects of food aid – in changing local markets, one also changes local food cultures. But analyzing the effects of aid also involves taking a critical eye to the narrative of lack. Is it real? Is it created? Is it being effectively addressed through aid? Is it the result of a larger systemic issue? If so, how does aid fit into the factors that created the need?
In the case of Haiti, aid wiped out an important source of nutrition and replaced it with empty calories. At some point in the cycle, the lost nutrients will need to be recuperated, perhaps with more aid. Where malnutrition exists it has a story and a cause, yet the marketing of aid is predicated on the implicit notion that malnutrition, hunger or poverty are default states.
When thinking about the distribution of milk to children, it's interesting to take stock of the other foods that make up, or could make up, their diets. The idea that milk is an essential source of calcium is for many an almost unshakable truth – vegans who claim they get their calcium from almonds or broccoli are often met with doubtful looks. The same belief exists in Mexico. My conversations with women have yielded that they are exposed to the constant message – from medical professionals and commercials – that milk is a necessary source of calcium for them and their children.
Ironically, the basis itself of Mexican food is the tortilla, which is traditionally highly rich in calcium. For thousands of years, tortillas have been made with a process called nixtamalization, whereby the grains of corn are soaked in a lye solution for an entire day. The corn is then rinsed and ground and tortillas are made with the resulting wet mass. Nixtamilization drastically improves the nutritional profile of corn in several ways, among which, by adding calcium. In recent decades, traditional tortillerias have been mostly replaced by those selling Maseca tortillas, a brand owned by the large Mexican multinational Gruma. The move from an artesanal to an industrial process has resulted in a tortilla that is less calcium-rich. (Of course, people have also started consuming large amounts of other products churned out by Big Ag – coke, sabritas, etc – none of them nutritionally dense).
An approach that would truly benefit recipients would be to nurture and build on the existent basis – and the basis here is extremely rich. The state of Chiapas actually gets its name from the chia seed, another calcium powerhouse. An abundance of greens have also traditionally been grown in milpas and harvested in the wild, but their consumption is declining.* While milk and other industrial foods are ushered into marginal communities as food aid, traditional food systems are being dismantled by the market forces that create malnourished kids.
It's worth taking a moment to consider the implications of a narrative that positions milk as essential in a context where it is not traditionally consumed.
Imagine growing up in the West. You've rarely, if ever, come across yucca. As an adult, you suddenly start to see it everywhere. It is promoted to the middle-class through commercials and gracefully bestowed on the poor to ensure their health. Medical staff insist that mothers absolutely must feed their children yucca everyday. It would seem that until that moment in history, nothing your family grew or ate for generations, nothing you could find in a store growing up, was nourishment enough to ensure your children would be well-fed.
The promotion of milk is linked to another implicit narrative of lack. Many foods are said to be healthy – some have been even labeled “superfoods”. To position food as necessary is something else altogether. As milk becomes increasingly central to public health discourse and social assistance programs around the world, it subtly delegitimizes traditional foods as possible sources of nutrition and health. The idea may be unarticulated but clear: before the Spanish brought their cows and culture, there was no way for children in Chiapas to have strong bones and develop healthily. Luckily for them, Nestlé, Lala and others continue their benevolent crusade.
*This was the recent topic of the Masters thesis of an acquaintance, I'll devote another post to her work.
Maybe you have an aunt. An Aunt Linda. And she is voting for Donald Trump. You know this because she posts aunt rants on Facebook about Trump. You, of course, think President Trump is a really bad idea. Wisely, you don't want to waste precious minutes or hours arguing with your Aunt Linda, who will not consider your reasonable pleas to vote for Hillary Clinton or Gary Johnson or Jill Stein or Harambe. But you want to go on the record as saying Trump would be a very bad president for many reasons. That's what this list is for. To share with the Trump voters in your life. These are the most horrifying and stupefying things Trump has done, all of which actually happened.
1. He doesn't understand how the three branches of government work.
2. Seriously, he doesn't.
3. He doesn't know what the nuclear triad is. (It's a thing anyone who wants to be commander-in-chief really ought to know.)
4. In spite of knowing little about American nuclear deterrence, dude really wants to nuke something.
5. And we should keep in mind: He has a history of making spectacularly poor choices.
6. In terms of policy, you can't believe a word he says.
7. Often has no idea what he's talking about.
8. His economic policies are a mess.
9. His immigration policies are a mess.
10. His health care policies are a mess.
11. His foreign policy is a mess.
12. Has no secret plan to defeat ISIS.
13. His plans would add $5.3 trillion to the national debt.
14. His philosophy can best be labeled as post-ideological authoritarianism. In other countries we call that dictatorship.
15. Which makes sense.
16. Publicly mocks prisoners of war.
17. And the disabled.
18. Did not serve in Vietnam because of “bone spurs in his heels.” Has done a lot of golfing on those “bone spurs in his heels.”
19. He does not hire the best people.
20. In fact, he hires the worst people.
21. The worst.
22. And these people make no logical sense.
23. Remembers things that did not happen.
24. Panders to the religious.
25. The guy who demanded that President Obama produce a birth certificate won't produce his tax returns.
26. The whole being racist about the Mexican judge thing.
27. Oh, and Mexican immigrants are rapists.
28. Often has no idea what he's talking about.
29. White supremacists love him.
30. Seriously, the white robes love him.
31. And he casually retweets them like no big deal.
32. Mainly does interviews with spineless suck-ups.
33. Unable to sell steak to America. How can he sell unpopular plans to Congress?!?
34. He's a grown-ass man who can't spell. The president can't help write a damn trade policy if he can't spell.
35. Remembers things that did not happen.
36. Freaks out when women stand up to him.
37. Belittles women about their looks.
38. Belittles women about their looks.
39. Belittles women about their looks.
40. Belittles women…
41. Maybe he's not “the best for women.”
42. He's got a big man-crush on Vladimir Putin.
43. Is notoriously thin-skinned.
44. Repeats absurd conspiracy theories.
45. Often has no idea what he's talking about.
46. He yelled at a baby.
47. People get beat up at his rallies. Again: No big deal.
48. Encourages violence.
49. Attacked a gold-star family.
50. Kicks people holding copies of the Constitution out of his rallies.
51. Wants to ban Muslims.
52. Or something.
53. Wants to curtail free speech.
54. His Trump University was a scam.
55. Is a chicken when confronted face-to-face by the opposition.
56. Often has no idea what he's talking about.
57. Talks about his dick in public.
58. The alleged mob ties aren't a great look.
59. Goes after companies for moving jobs overseas but manufactures his cheesy wares overseas.
60. Often has no idea what he's talking about.
61. His campaign compared suffering refugees to candy.
62. He insults the police.
63. Uses his foundation as a personal piggy bank. Not only hypocritical, but a major scandal and possibly illegal.
64. He is a serial eminent domain abuser, if you're into the whole private property thing.
65. Seventy-five retired senior diplomats signed a letter saying he should not be president.
66. Lacks sound judgment and good temperament.
67. Is awake at 3 AM hate-tweeting about a Miss Universe's non-existent sex tape so he can defend fat-.shaming.
68. He has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
69. And women have said he sexually assaulted them.
70. Brags about looking at naked teenage girls — some as young as 15 — in the flesh.
71. Does not pay taxes, even though he's, you know, rich.
72. The 4,000 lawsuits.
73. America is already great.
Joe Donatelli is Senior Writer at Los Angeles magazine. You can follow him on Twitter @joedonatelli and Facebook. He wrote All the Soul-Sucking Corporate Phrases Everyone Loathes: Interpreted.
Everyone has an image of themselves, an identity that they associate with themselves, whether consciously or subconsciously, that affects their persona. One of the great things about self-portrait photography is that we can attempt to capture that persona to share with the world.
In this post, you'll find some highly creative and interesting self portrait photographs, from photographers and people around the globe. Everyone has their own way of portraying themselves for a self portrait photo, so you'll be amazed at the different and unique ways people choose to photograph themselves.
Enjoy!
Out of His Heart Will Flow Living Water by Zack Ahern
The Fool by byebye
Sacred Dance by Zack Ahern
Ad
Relocationist by Cole Rise
Frame by Adam Ross
Addicted to Flickr by Laya Gerlock
Bienvenido al Paraiso by Xabier Martinez
Once Upon a Dream by Petey Pete
Ad
X-X-Ray by Beatriz AG
Keeping an Eye on Matters by Boland Rotor
DERP Status
DoD establishes goals to measure cleanup progress for each program category. In FY2013, DoD performed a thorough review and analysis of existing DERP goals and in March 2013, established updated and consolidated DERP goals. Click here to view the previous and updated goals.
The Defense Environmental Programs Annual Report to Congress provides an overview of the DERP and contains DoD's progress toward the updated program goals.
FY2017 Fast Facts:
The FY2017 Fast Facts provides a high-level summary of the environmental budgets, the DERP site inventory, and progress toward the DERP goals as of the end of FY2017.
Installation Restoration Program (IRP)/Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP) Status Tables:
These tables present data for the IRP and MMRP as of the end of FY2017. The tables are arranged by installation, state, and DoD Component, and portray various aspects of the DERP such as cleanup status and funding information.
Bantham in South Devon is said to be going on to the market in spring 2014 (Picture: Apex)
The future of an entire seaside town – quaint pubs, sandy beach, thatched homes and all – hangs in the balance after its owner decided to sell everything.
Evans Estates owns the land, buildings and popular surfing beach of the South Devon village of Bantham.
The thriving community is going up for sale in spring 2014 and is expected to fetch an estimated £35million for the lot, which includes the estate's holding in Wales and Dorset.
Bantham and the surrounding Devonshire land is expected to go for £10million alone.
Residents of the picturesque, family-owned town are now mulling over the prospects that a large, faceless conglomerate may snap it up.
Bantham is popular with surfers and holidaymakers due to its serene atmosphere (Picture: Apex)
Having received letters in the post – in houses that are largely rented and leased by the estate – locals found out last week that the village and its surrounding land would be put up for sale.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Speaking to the Western Morning News, Barbara Tucker, a tenant of Evans Estates and manager of Bantham village shop said: ‘Obviously there is huge uncertainty and anxiety in the village, with many of us worrying about whether we will lose our homes.
‘We can only hope and pray that the new owners will be sympathetic to the locals. Many people here have lived in Bantham for 60 years or more, with some tenancies being passed down through several generations of the same family.
‘This is a very close-knit community of about 60 people and we are all extremely worried.'
Bantham is located at the estuary of the River Avon between Dartmouth and Plymouth (Picture: Google)
The long-running Evans Estates has apparently been supportive of the village's un-commercialised ethos all these years, and now locals are concerned that the natural and unspoilt spirit of the town could be in jeopardy.
A statement on the estate's website says it is ‘opposed to undue commercialism'.
It also says that its ‘ethos has always been to allow Bantham to remain a place of outstanding beauty, with the village's old thatched cottages portraying an image of unchanging charm and the beach and its surrounds staying as wild and natural as can be'.
However, though the company is unloading the postcard-perfect town on to different hands and its future is uncertain, Mrs Tucker said that if they could choose any buyer it would be Sir Richard Branson who is a regular visitor.
North Carolina's Republican-controlled legislature rewrote the state's voting rules in 2013 shortly after the Supreme Court struck down a section of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that had given the Justice Department the power to oversee changes in election procedures in areas with a history of racial discrimination. Forty of the state's 100 counties had been subject to oversight.
Civil rights advocates and the Justice Department had sued to block the law, but a Federal District Court judge upheld it in April, writing that the state's “significant, shameful past discrimination” had largely abated in the last 25 years.
On Friday, the three-judge panel emphatically disagreed, saying the lower court's amply documented ruling had failed to consider “the inextricable link between race and politics in North Carolina.”
The judges noted that Republican leaders had drafted their restrictions on voting only after receiving data indicating that African-Americans would be the voters most significantly affected by them.
“We cannot ignore the record evidence that, because of race, the legislature enacted one of the largest restrictions of the franchise in modern North Carolina history,” they wrote. “The court seems to have missed the forest in carefully surveying the many trees,” they stated. The panel stopped short of reimposing federal oversight on the state's elections, saying that striking down the law was enough.
Voting rights advocates called the ruling, which Republicans say they will appeal, a resounding victory. Fresh from speaking Thursday night at the Democratic National Convention, the Rev. William J. Barber II, the president of the North Carolina branch of the N.A.A.C.P., which is a plaintiff in the lawsuit, called the decision “a moral and constitutional vindication of our constitutional critique of this extremist legislature and our extremist governor.
“A political majority doesn't give you the power to run roughshod over the Constitution,” he said.
Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, who was in Baton Rouge, La., on Friday, also welcomed the decision, saying the law “sent a message that contradicted some of the most basic principles of our democracy.
More than a week after first allegedly shooting the daughter of a police officer and her fiancée, the Christopher Dorner saga ended with him most likely burning up in a cabin in which he holed up this week. The police may have set the fire themselves. Another account has the police pushing Dorner back into the burning structure [8:34pm ET update]. Officially it's still unclear how the fire began*. Nevertheless, at the end of it, three four people were killed by a former police officer out on a vendetta against his former police force. And the LAPD responded by coming down on the city of Los Angeles for a week, shooting seemingly indiscriminately at targets that bore only the vaguest resemblance to Dorner and searching homes door to door. Almost comically, Dorner's alleged manifesto included strong anti-gun sentiments. It's useful to note here that most attempts at gun control include generous exemptions both for law enforcement and often ex-law enforcement. Feinstein's bill does that. There was widespread panic when Cuomo's anti-gun laws in New York didn't.
Yet, Dorner, and ex-cops, aren't the only ones that can be irresponsible gun owners. Earlier this week the attorney general of Ohio released an animation depicting how 13 cops managed to fire off an astonishing 137 rounds in under 30 seconds into a car with two unarmed passengers they pursued in a high speed chase after a phantom gunshot was heard in another town. Facing a critical eye from state authorities, the local police chief defended his force, saying there was none of the systemic failure the attorney general noted, even though the shift supervisor, for example, was unaware the chase involved so many patrol cars. But Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams, the two unarmed civilians killed by police in Ohio, are far from the only ones. Reason's Mike Riggs noted some of the most prominent victims of police violence when New York City's mayor, Michael Bloomberg, arrogantly suggested police go on strike until the population is disarmed:
Just a few months after Riggs wrote that, cops from the NYPD were involved in taking down a shooter at the Empire State Building. They shot more people in responding to the incident than the initial shooter. In fact, everyone but the coworker the shooter killed, was injured by shots from police officers.
At last night's State of the Union address, President Obama suggested victims of gun violence deserve a vote in Congress. In the shadow of victims of state violence at home and abroad (up to 1,100 civilians and more than 200 children in known covert drone operations alone), the sentiment rings hollow. There won't be votes for any of the victims of state violence listed above. And as for Dorner, he may not deserve much, but it looks like at the end he didn't even deserve a jury trial.
*Update: Police say they didn't intentionally start the fire.
In an interview with Maureen Dowd, a columnist at the New York Times, in August last year, James Risen—a journalist with the New York Times himself and a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner—described Barack Obama as “the greatest enemy to press freedom in a generation.” About six months later, on 18 February 2015, the investigative reporter repeated that charge in a tweet, responding to a speech by US Attorney General Eric Holder in which Holder argued that press leaks were doing more damage than good to the cause of national security.
Given Holder's speech today, I repeat: The Obama Administration is the greatest enemy of press freedom in a generation. — James Risen (@JamesRisen) February 18, 2015
Describing the Attorney General as “the nation's top censorship officer,” Risen tweeted:
I plan to spend the rest of my life fighting to undo damage done to press freedom in the United States by Barack Obama and Eric Holder. — James Risen (@JamesRisen) February 18, 2015
Having first taken on the Bush administration and now the Obama one, Risen has had multiple confrontations with the White House. The trouble began with the publication of Risen's 2006 book State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration in which he reported on the Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) operations in Iran and a National Security Agency (NSA) surveillance program through which details of US citizens' telephone and email communications were being accumulated, without any search warrants. Equally damaging was his account of Operation Merlin, a botched up exercise conducted by the Clinton administration through which it might have unwittingly hastened Iran's progress with nuclear weapons. In 2010, the Department of Justice launched an investigation into how Risen had acquired the information that had been recorded in his book, and issued an indictment against Jeffery Alexander Sterling—a former CIA officer who had left the agency in 2002—accusing him of unauthorised disclosure of national defence information and obstruction of justice. On 26 January 2015, Sterling was convicted of espionage by a federal court in Alexandria, in the state of Virginia. Although Risen took the stand on 5 January 2015 for forty-five minutes, he refused to be drawn into testifying against Sterling. He repeatedly said, “In my stories or my book, where I say I had unidentified sources, I had unidentified sources. Where I say I had identified sources, I had identified sources.” Risen's defiance has come to symbolise the bitter stand-off between journalists and the Obama administration, which has gone after more journalists and whistle-blowers than his predecessor's—George W Bush—administration did.
NBC‘s Brian Williams exaggerates the dangers he faced while reporting on a couple of stories and gets suspended for half a year. Fox News‘ Bill O'Reilly does the exact same thing and nothing happens to him. What gives?
Could it be that News Corporation, which owns Fox News, is a deeply unethical institution with much lower journalistic standards even than Comcast, which owns NBC?
Nah–that can't be it!
At least, that seems to be the assumption of Politico media reporter Dylan Byers (2/23/15), who explores the supposedly mysterious question of why Fox executives let their most lucrative on-air personality get away with blatantly misrepresenting his journalistic history.
“Some of it is due to his immediate–and passionate–dismissal of the charges (a case study in PR),” writes Byers. Coyly, the link that he put in that sentence goes to his own piece in Politico (2/19/15) that allowed O'Reilly to attack Mother Jones reporter David Corn as a “despicable guttersnipe,” and dismiss his article charging O'Reilly with fabrication as a “piece of garbage,” with no effort made by Byers to see whether its charges were true or not. It is a case study in PR: When under attack, be sure to take your counterattack to a media outlet that will pass it along without question.
Byers goes on: “Some of it is due to the fact that, as a partisan pundit rather than a nightly news anchor, the expectations are lower.” That's closer to the truth, though it's not being a partisan pundit that gets you held to a lower standard–remember when MSNBC suspended Keith Olbermann for making political contributions, and fired Phil Donahue for being anti-war at the time of the Iraq invasion?–but rather being specifically a conservative pundit.
But that's not really why O'Reilly isn't facing any consequences for his misrepresentation, says Byers: Instead, “most of the blame lays at the feet of Mother Jones.”
How so? Mother Jones reporters Corn and Daniel Schulman, writes Byers,
weren't war veterans who felt wronged by O'Reilly's portrayal of events. They were liberal reporters at an admittedly liberal magazine going after the paragon of right-wing punditry. No matter what goods they had on O'Reilly, it would be easy for him to dismiss these detractors as left-wing zealots bent on his destruction (which he did.)
Yes, “easy for him”–as long as media reporters like Byers (who links to himself again) allow themselves to be distracted by O'Reilly's redbaiting and frame well-documented charges of fabrication as an ideological he said/she said.
It's worth pausing here to note the essential asymmetry of the media terrain: It's impossible to imagine a centrist reporter like Byers explaining that serious charges against a left-wing media personality were not taken seriously by his colleagues because they came from a right-wing source–unless he was beating up on the press for having a left-wing bias. When journalists do the reverse, though, it's treated as normal and understandable that the press demonstrates a bias against the left and in favor of the right.
But aside from being inherently not worth listening to because it's progressive, Mother Jones is to blame for criticizing O'Reilly for saying that he was “in a war zone in Argentina, in the Falklands,” when he never went to the Falklands. Byers totally swallows O'Reilly's spin that when he said he was “in the Falklands,” he didn't think anyone would think he meant he was IN the FALKLANDS. Here's Byers:
Had O'Reilly falsely claimed to have been on the Falkland Islands when he wasn't, the Fox News host might be in serious trouble. But he never really said that. He has said that he was “in a war zone in Argentina, in the Falklands,” which can reasonably be defended as short-hand for “in the Falklands War”–especially because O'Reilly has oft described his experiences there as taking place in Buenos Aires.
Byers really should give lessons in PR. When O'Reilly said, “I've reported on the ground in active war zones from El Salvador to the Falklands,” one would naturally assume that he meant he had “reported on the ground…in the Falklands,” because that's where the “active war zone” was. There was no war in Buenos Aires, because British forces never attacked the mainland–and in any case, O'Reilly arrived there after the war was over.
But Byers is willing to accept that O'Reilly's claim that he covered post-war riots in Argentina, and a riot is a kind of war, is merely a “major embellishment,” and “an embellishment is not going to lead Roger Ailes to fire his most valuable personnel asset.” As if anything short of sacrificing a goat to Satan on live TV was going to lead Ailes to fire his most valuable asset.
“There is one detail in Mother Jones‘ account that is rather damning,” Byers allows; “In his book, O'Reilly writes that “many were killed” during the riot,” and this doesn't appear in the footage CBS aired of the protests or in anyone else's recollection.
“The trouble is, it's probably too late for that to matter,” says Byers. Too late? He just said it was “in Mother Jones‘ account”! How could the magazine have brought it up earlier than in its first article on the subject?
What Byers means is that the magazine's Corn and Schulman
chose to highlight claims that could be argued away on semantics…. Because O'Reilly punched holes in the other parts of their argument, it has become all the harder to make the legitimate charges stick.
O'Reilly “punched holes” in their argument, remember, by saying that no one would assume “in a war zone in Argentina, in the Falklands” meant that he was in a war zone in the Falklands. And, therefore, no one need watch a 26-second video to see whether it was true or false when O'Reilly claimed:
The Argentine army pulled up in giant trucks, came out with guns and opened fire on the crowd. The video shows that; it's on the Internet, you can see it. We shot it…. Soldiers shooting at people who were trying to overthrow the government.
Here, take a look at it right now and see if you can see any of that:
But in Byers' view, it doesn't matter that Mother Jones put that O'Reilly quote and the video that refutes it right next to each other in the story that called attention to O'Reilly's Falklands fabrications.* The magazine expected that journalists evaluating its critique of O'Reilly would absorb more than just the headline; that's an unrealistic expectation to have of reporters' intellectual ambitions, Byers asserts when he lays “most of the blame…at the feet of Mother Jones.”
Media critics are sometimes accused, unfairly, of having a low opinion of journalists as a class. You'd be hard-pressed to find a media critic with as low an opinion of journalists as Dylan Byers.
*There's also another article, by Greg Grandin in The Nation (2/9/15), that has another video clip, from an O'Reilly report from El Salvador, that O'Reilly misrepresents in similar up-is-down fashion. But Byers certainly wouldn't expect journalists to read two articles before making a judgment on O'Reilly truthfulnesss.
North Korea has offered to suspend nuclear tests if the US cancels its annual military drills with South Korea.
Through its official KCNA news agency, Pyongyang called on Washington to “contribute to easing tension on the Korean peninsula” by temporarily suspending the military exercises in South Korea “and its vicinity”. It said the message had been passed to American authorities through “a relevant channel” on Friday.
“The DPRK is ready to take such a responsive step as temporarily suspending the nuclear test over which the US is concerned,” KCNA said.
The US rejected the overture, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki saying on Saturday the nuclear tests and military exercises were separate issues.
“The DPRK statement that inappropriately links routine US-ROK [South Korea] exercises to the possibility of a nuclear test by North Korea is an implicit threat,” Psaki told reporters traveling with secretary of state John Kerry in Europe. The US and South Korea have carried out the joint military exercises for roughly 40 years, she added.
Psaki said the US remained open to dialogue with North Korea and urged Pyongyang to “immediately cease all threats, reduce tensions, and take the necessary steps toward denuclearization needed to resume credible negotiations”.
North Korea has conducted three nuclear tests, the latest in February 2013, the first two in 2006 and 2009. It has threatened to hold another in response to a United Nations resolution condemning its human rights record.
The KCNA report said Pyongyang's proposal was aimed at de-escalating tensions in 2015, in the year of the 70th anniversary of the division of the Korean peninsula into North and South. The two nations have remained technically at war since the 1950-53 Korean War, which concluded with a ceasefire.
The US has close to 30,000 troops permanently stationed in South Korea and conducts a series of joint military exercises with its key Asian ally every year. Seoul and Washington insist the drills are defensive in nature, but they are regularly condemned by Pyongyang as provocative rehearsals for invasion.
“It's like they're putting a worm on a line to see if they can get a nibble,” said John Delury, a North Korea expert at Yonsei University in Seoul.
“But I don't see the US biting, at least not publicly,” he added.
Washington has always refused to enter into dialogue with Pyongyang until North Korea shows a tangible commitment to abandoning its entire nuclear weapons programme.
Relations between the two countries are particularly tense since North Korea's alleged role in hacking Sony Pictures' systems and threatening US moviegoers over film The Interview. Earlier this month, the US imposed economic sanctions against several North Korean government agencies and senior officials earlier this month.
Costar couple! January Jones is dating her fellow Last Man on Earth star Will Forte, Us Weekly can exclusively reveal.
A source tells Us Weekly that the Mad Men actress, 37, has been casually dating the Saturday Night Live alum, 44, for a couple of months. "He's a good guy," the insider tells Us, adding that the new couple is "having fun."
PHOTOS: Mad Men Cast: See How They Look Off-Camera!
Jones, who is the mother to one son Xander, 3, has never been married. She previously dated director Noah Miller, splitting from the Sweetwater writer in January 2013. Her dating history also includes relationships with Jason Sudeikis, Ashton Kutcher, and Josh Groban.
Forte has never been married either, and boasts a surprisingly slim relationship history. In his years of fame, Forte has never stepped out with a confirmed girlfriend.
PHOTOS: January Jones' Best Red Carpet Looks Ever
"I'm kind of under the radar," Forte told The A.V. Club in 2010. "Not a lot of people notice me. Which is surprising, because I'm so sexy. They're probably intimidated by my sexiness and crushability."
The newly linked lovebirds hit the small screen together earlier this month in Fox's The Last Man on Earth. Forte and Jones star in the apocalyptic comedy alongside Kristen Schaal.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
A report making the rounds online claims that a larvicide called pyriproxyfen -- not the Zika virus -- is behind the recent surge in the cases of microcephaly in Brazil.
The claim has fueled conspiracy theories and allegations of a cover-up around the Internet, and even prompted officials in Brazil's southern state of Rio Grande do Sul to suspend the use of the insecticide over the weekend to allay concerns.
But Brazil's Ministry of Health and independent experts say there is no scientific basis linking the chemical to the birth defect in babies.
The claim originated with a group based in Argentina called Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Villages. It released a report last week which states: "In the area where most sick persons live, a chemical larvicide producing malformations in mosquitoes has been applied for 18 months, and that this poison (pyroproxifen)[sic] is applied by the State on drinking water used by the affected population."
The group asserted that cases of microcephaly found in areas where thousands of pregnant women were exposed to pyriproxyfen "is not a coincidence." It also claimed that, so far, there have been no cases of microcephaly reported in other countries affected by Zika, such as Colombia, which have higher rates of the virus than Brazil. (In fact, there have been cases documented elsewhere, including French Polynesia following a Zika outbreak there in 2014.)
Brazilian officials were quick to respond, emphasizing that there is no scientific evidence backing the claims.
"Unlike the relationship between the Zika virus and microcephaly, which has had its confirmation attested in tests that indicated the presence of the virus in samples of blood, tissue and amniotic fluid, the association between the use of pyriproxyfen and microcephaly has no scientific basis," Brazil's Ministry of Health said in a statement.
Officials also pointed out that some areas that do not use pyriproxyfen have also reported cases of microcephaly.
The Health Ministry said it only uses larvicides that are approved by the World Health Organization.
In a statement, pyriproxyfen's manufacturer, Japanese company Sumitomo Chemical, rejected any link between the chemical and microcephaly.
It said the product has gone through "extensive toxicological testing, has shown no effects on the reproductive system or nervous system in mammals, and has been approved and registered for use in the past 20 years by the authorities of around 40 countries around the world."
Throughout that time, "no correlation with microcephaly has been reported," the statement reads.
Dr. Ian Musgrave, a pharmacologist/toxicologist and Senior Lecturer in the Faculty of Medicine at the School of Medicine Sciences at the University of Adelaide in Australia, called the Argentine group's claim "not plausible."
"Pyriproxyfen acts by interfering with the hormonal control growth cycle of insects from hatching, to larvae, to pupa. This hormone control system does not exist in organisms with backbones, such as humans, and pyriproxyfen has very low toxicity in mammals as a result," he said.
In addition, in order to reach the threshold levels for toxicity seen in animals, "an adult human would need to eat a teaspoon full of the raw pesticide," Musgrave said. "In terms of how much is present in water reservoirs that have been sprayed with pyriproxyfen to control mosquito larvae, a person would have to drink well over 1,000 litres of water a day, every day, to achieve the threshold toxicity levels seen in animals."
Neurologist helps jump-start response to Zika in Brazil
The Argentine group called Sumitomo "associated to or subsidiary of Monsanto in Latin America," but Monsanto said that is not the case. In a statement, Monsanto said that while the companies have done business together in other areas, "Neither Monsanto nor our products have any connection to the Zika virus or microcephaly. Monsanto does not manufacture or sell Pyriproxyfen. The product is a larvicide, and Monsanto does not manufacture or sell larvicides. Monsanto does not own Sumitomo Chemical Company."
The company added, "We support all efforts to combat this health crisis. We hope all efforts will be taken based on the facts, not rumors."
Dr. Francis Collins, director of the U.S. National Institutes of Health, told the Wall Street Journal that the Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Villages' assertions are "sketchy."
"Let me advise caution in offering credence for this larvicide theory...unless and until there is more data to support it," he said. "The situation in Brazil and elsewhere will not be assisted by attaching unwarranted credibility to this interesting but speculative theory."
Prior to the past year, Brazil reported about 150 cases of microcephaly annually. But since October, coinciding with the rise of Zika, the country has reported 5,079 suspected cases.
On Wednesday, the Ministry of Health released updated numbers reporting 4,443 suspected and confirmed cases of microcephaly. Of that total, 508 cases have been confirmed, while 3,935 are still being investigated, according to officials.
Last week, the ministry said 41 of the confirmed microcephaly cases were linked to Zika.
Several case studies, including one published in the New England Journal of Medicine last week, detected Zika virus in samples of blood and fetal tissue, including the brains of babies in Brazil who died of microcephaly, providing what health officials call strong evidence of a link.
However, they acknowledge that more research needs to be done to prove cause and effect and better understand the role the virus plays.
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the NIH's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told the Journal that while no theory should be rejected at this point, the discovery of Zika in the brains of miscarried fetuses and babies who died soon after birth "strongly suggests direct involvement of the virus."
Following the Environmental Protection Agency's endangerment finding report which concluded that carbon dioxide and five other greenhouse gases pose a danger to public health, right-wing media have claimed that the EPA's finding amounts to, in the words of Rush Limbaugh, "blackmailing elected officials" to pass cap-and-trade legislation. Glenn Beck claimed the finding "is blackmail. It is a bogus gun to our head," while Limbaugh said, "[D]o you understand what's happening in this country? The EPA blackmailing elected officials."
Conservative media call EPA decision to regulate greenhouse gases "blackmail"
Glenn Beck: "This is blackmail. It is a bogus gun to our heads." On the December 8 edition of his Fox News show, Beck said, "Congress is trying to make the EPA take their political fire, but they are the ones responsible for the economic disaster, because they're not going to step in. 'Help! Help! They've got a gun!' This is blackmail. It is a bogus gun to our heads. They praised the Supreme Court for giving the EPA this power. And now, they say, 'Oh, oh! Only we can save the day.' The entire time, Congress is missing the big picture. The administration is going around them."
Rush Limbaugh: The EPA is "blackmailing elected officials. ... Democracy be damned." On the December 9 edition of his nationally syndicated radio show, Limbaugh said, "By the way, you know the EPA yesterday -- do you understand what's happening in this country? The EPA blackmailing elected officials -- representatives of the people. The EPA essentially saying if you don't pass cap-and-trade, we're going to unilaterally implement it, because the Supreme Court gave us the power to. So if you don't do it, we will. So we have a bureaucracy, a government agency, led by an Obama-ite, Lisa Jackson, who's basically telling the elected representatives of the people, if you don't do it, we're going to do it. Democracy be damned. Representative republic be damned. Democratic process be damned." [Premiere Radio Networks' The Rush Limbaugh Show, 12/9/09]
Charles Krauthammer: EPA regulation is "blackmail," "Soviet control." On the December 9 edition of Fox News' Special Report, Charles Krauthammer said the EPA's decision is "command and control, which is a polite way of saying Soviet control, meaning it's all regulation, it's all sort of arbitrary on the part of the EPA. It's an amazing admission, and it is a kind of blackmail. Either you do this in the Senate and pass a bill or we're gonna do it unilaterally." [Special Report, 12/9/09]
Ex-manager of Douglass Township water-testing lab indicted [+] Enlarge. -
Debbie Ann Wanner
The defendant, Debbie Ann Wanner, 45, Reading was employed by the former Blue Marsh Laboratories Inc., 1605 Benjamin Franklin Highway, from 2001 to 2007, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Philadelphia.
Investigators said she was responsible for reviewing and preparing data for environmental test results prior to delivery to customers. She also was in charge of reviewing laboratory standard-operating procedures to make sure they met federal standards.
Michael J. McKenna, owner and laboratory director, was charged earlier this year in an 84-count indictment with conspiracy, mail fraud, violating the Clean Water Act, making false statements and other offenses, according to federal court documents.
Authorities said McKenna, 53, of Kutztown billed customers about $92,000 from September 2005 to December 2007 for water testing and other services that were fraudulent.
McKenna was responsible for ensuring that the lab was properly equipped and staffed. However, according to the indictment, McKenna lied about the qualifications of workers and ordered them to conduct tests and prepare reports even though he knew that they did not have the equipment or expertise.
Last July, the state attorney general's office charged McKenna and Wanner, contending that the lab submitted fraudulent reports that generated more than $135,000 for the company between 2005 and 2008.
Wanner surrendered after the charges and remains free awaiting court action. McKenna posted $300,000 bail and also remains free.
Investigators said fraudulent tests were supplied to various entities, which were required by law to submit water testing samples for various types of pollutants to the federal Environmental Protection Agency.
Contact Jason A. Kahl: 610-371-5024 or jkahl@readingeagle.com.
The manager of a defunct Douglass Township water-testing laboratory was indicted Friday in federal court on allegations that she aided in preparing and submitting falsified water tests and reports for municipalities and businesses, authorities said.The defendant, Debbie Ann Wanner, 45, Reading was employed by the former Blue Marsh Laboratories Inc., 1605 Benjamin Franklin Highway, from 2001 to 2007, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Philadelphia.Investigators said she was responsible for reviewing and preparing data for environmental test results prior to delivery to customers. She also was in charge of reviewing laboratory standard-operating procedures to make sure they met federal standards.Michael J. McKenna, owner and laboratory director, was charged earlier this year in an 84-count indictment with conspiracy, mail fraud, violating the Clean Water Act, making false statements and other offenses, according to federal court documents.Authorities said McKenna, 53, of Kutztown billed customers about $92,000 from September 2005 to December 2007 for water testing and other services that were fraudulent.McKenna was responsible for ensuring that the lab was properly equipped and staffed. However, according to the indictment, McKenna lied about the qualifications of workers and ordered them to conduct tests and prepare reports even though he knew that they did not have the equipment or expertise.Last July, the state attorney general's office charged McKenna and Wanner, contending that the lab submitted fraudulent reports that generated more than $135,000 for the company between 2005 and 2008.Wanner surrendered after the charges and remains free awaiting court action. McKenna posted $300,000 bail and also remains free.Investigators said fraudulent tests were supplied to various entities, which were required by law to submit water testing samples for various types of pollutants to the federal Environmental Protection Agency.Contact Jason A. Kahl: 610-371-5024 or jkahl@readingeagle.com.
1. Way Less Stress
Why did I have to have them fight four ghouls? Why didn't I keep it three, I knew it should have been three...
2. Way Less Work
And that covers the cultural and historical significance on the carvings above the knob of the door to the first level. Now where did I put my notes about the floor?
3. It Actually Feels Like A Game
If you guys are having this much fun, your GM must be pretty miserable.
4. It Shows Me How to Be a Better GM
This guy looks like he's logged, what? 7500-8000 of his 10,000 hours?
In this third and final post in our mini-symposium on campaign effects in the 2012 presidential election, I'll report on some of what Lynn Vavreck and I have found in our work for The Gamble.
What we did
Lynn and I were able to do something that, to our knowledge, has not been done before: estimate the effects of advertising and the ground game simultaneously. We took Dave Leip's county-level data on Obama and Romney's vote share and combined it with two measures of campaign activity. First, we relied on advertising data that we and John Geer purchased from the Nielsen Company. These data are measured in gross rating points (GRPs), which help to capture not only the total number of ads but also their likely reach. Second, we relied on the location of Obama and Romney's field offices. Thus, for each county, we know how many GRPs were purchased at any point before the election and we know something about the extent of the ground game. Our approach allows us to look at the effects of ads and GRPs simultaneously. In our statistical model, we accounted for other features of these counties—including how well Obama did there in 2008 and various demographic characteristics.
Did the ads matter?
Yes, but in very circumscribed ways. The larger the advertising advantage that either candidate had, the more vote share he received. However, the effect of ads appeared to decay quickly. Ads on the day before the election appeared to produce small but measurable gains in vote share. The largest advantage that Obama had in any one county—the equivalent of an additional 300 GRPs on the Monday before Election Day, relative to Romney's advertising—translated into an additional three-tenths of a point of vote share. The largest advantage that Romney had on the same day—the equivalent of 900 GRPS—translated into almost an additional point of vote share. Romney aired much more advertising than Obama in this last day of the race, so any advertising effect would tend to benefit him overall.
But ads aired before that Monday—even the calendar week before the week of the election—had a much smaller association with vote share. This is consistent with what Michael Franz noted and what previous studies have found: the apparent effects of ads simply do not last long. At one point, Obama advisor David Axelrod argued that early advertising was more important than late advertising, suggesting that Romney's ad blitz, “back-loading,” was wrongheaded. Axelrod said: “By September, people are disregarding ads. They back-loaded. We front-loaded.” We find that back-loading—airing ads close to the election—was actually more effective than front-loading—airing ads early in the campaign—if the goal was to influence voters on Election Day.
Another thing constrained the effects of ads: it was hard to get a large advertising advantage. The 900-GRP advantage that was Romney's largest was exceedingly rare close to the election. In fact, despite his late ad blitz, he had a 300-GRP advantage (or more) in only 15% of battleground state counties.
Did the ground game matter?
Yes, but to an extent far smaller than Obama's winning margin. Other things equal, Obama's vote share was about three-tenths of a point higher in counties where Obama had one field office and six-tenths of a point higher in counties where Obama had two or more field offices. (With relatively few counties having more than 2 offices, we did not try to estimate the effect of additional field offices beyond 2.) Romney's field offices, by contrast, had an effect that was only half this size and could not be estimated with as much statistical confidence. This is consistent with the impression that Obama's field operation was more effective than Romney's. Essentially, our best guess is that Romney would have needed two offices in a county to match the effects of one of Obama's offices, all else equal. (See Seth Masket's post for a few more tidbits.)
We simulated a counterfactual in which Obama had no field offices but nothing else changed. In that scenario, we estimate that he would have lost about 248,000 votes nationwide. Given where those votes were located, we estimate that Obama would have lost Florida by a very narrow margin in this scenario. This estimate parallels estimates from the 2008 election. Joshua Darr, Luke Keele, and Matthew Levendusky have estimated that Obama's 2008 field operation won him about 275,000 votes in total and could have been responsible for his victory in North Carolina. A similar analysis by political scientist Seth Masket found that Obama's 2008 field operation may have been consequential in North Carolina, Florida, and Indiana.
Thus, Obama appeared to have an advantage on the ground, but not necessarily an advantage large enough to change many outcomes. We think this conclusion is consistent with how Obama advisor David Plouffe described a field operation in 2008: as a “field goal unit.” His comment suggests that field organization is valuable but not necessarily the game-winner unless the margin is close. In 2012, the election did not appear close enough for either the ads or field organization to be decisive.
What are the caveats in this analysis?
There are at least two. One is that, unlike Franz and Enos and Fowler, we did not attempt to leverage “spillover”—that is, the fact that media markets spill across state boundaries—to isolate the effects of ads (Franz: by examining non-battleground counties in a battleground media market) or the ground game (Enos and Fowler: by examining battleground counties and non-battleground counties in a battleground media market). So our inferences may depend even more on whether we have accounted for all other relevant factors that determine placement of ads and offices. We think we have done a reasonable job, but in the absence of a well-controlled experiment—which a presidential campaign never is—we cannot be certain.
Second, our measure of the ground game is rough. Field offices are far from the full story. Much organizing is done outside of field offices, such as in the “staging locations” that the Obama campaign used (although the presence of these locations is likely correlated with the presence of field offices). Moreover, like other analyses of field offices, ours assumes that the effect of a field office would be felt only in the county in which it's located. But obviously, field organizing often crosses county and even state boundaries—for example, if people in Obama's Montana offices were calling into Nevada or Colorado. To the extent that such activity was effective, we are underestimating the effect of field offices, although by how much it is hard to tell.
With that said, however, it is worth considering a thought experiment. In Ohio, Obama beat Romney by 166,272 votes. Assume, very generously, that the Obama field organization increased turnout by 9 points in 2012. Such an effect is at the upper bound of the effects of get-out-the-vote drives documented in the field experimental literature. (This would likely presume face-to-face contact between an Obama field staffer and each targeted voter, since other forms of contact are less effective.) To generate a winning margin of over 166,000 votes assuming a 9-point boost from voter mobilization efforts, the Obama campaign would have had to contact 1.8 million voters in this labor-intensive face-to-face fashion. That is a massive number, equivalent to a third of all voters in Ohio in 2012. Perhaps that is possible: it would entail something like face-to-face contact with 11,300 people every day from June 1 until Election Day, under the assumption that the effectiveness of contact is constant across these months. I'm skeptical, but I am not privy to the Obama campaign's internal data and cannot speak to this with certainty.
On the other hand, 1.8 million does seem like a far greater number than the Obama campaign would have ever intended to contact in the first place. Their overall strategy seemed to be base mobilization: Darr et al. show that as counties grew more Democratic, the chance of having an Obama field offices increased sharply (whereas the placement of Romney's field offices was much less strongly related to a county's partisanship). And thus the Obama campaign likely targeted people who were quite likely to vote Democratic but not necessarily likely to vote. This group of voters strikes me as a far smaller number than 1.8 million.
Moreover, the real effect of canvassing is probably not 9%. In this (gated) meta-analysis of field experiments by Donald Green, Mary McGrath, and Peter Aronow, they find that the average is about 2.5%. If that effect were true in 2012, obviously the Obama campaign would have had to contact a far greater number of people in order for his field organization to be the decisive factor in Ohio and elsewhere.
What's the takeaway here?
In The Gamble, Lynn and I argue that electioneering in a presidential general election can matter. But that is different from saying that it always matters. In 2012, the electioneering was not pivotal because neither side had a large advantage in campaign resources and because Obama had a large enough advantage from the economic fundamentals. I think this is consistent with what Michael Franz, Ryan Enos, and Anthony Fowler wrote in their posts. The effects of electioneering were visible, but they were not large enough and lopsided enough to determine the winner. Of course, if one side had not campaigned for some inexplicable reason (or the economy had worsened during the election year) then the outcome might have changed.
In reality both sides spent lots of money and ran reasonably effective campaigns. It may seem strange to say that, given how much time and energy is spent critiquing the loser's campaign and praising the winner's. But when both sides have a billion-plus dollars to spend, each one's campaign will often neutralize the other's. One side may still be able to eke out a narrow advantage because of superior campaigning, but in a year like 2012, when the election was really not that close going into the campaign, that narrow advantage was something less than a “game-changer.”
By Raiko Shareef
The USD fell to a fresh three-month low, after a disappointing ADP employment report further discouraged USD bulls, ahead of Friday's official employment reports.
NZD is the only G10 currency weaker against the USD, thanks to slowing wage growth.
Despite its less-than-stellar record as a leading indicator of the subsequent non-farm payrolls report, the big headline miss in the ADP report heightened nervousness ahead of Friday.
USD bulls are no doubt hopeful of a strong bounce in payrolls, reflecting firm trends in initial jobless claims and other surveys. But at the same time, those investors are understandably reluctant to stand in the way of overwhelming momentum.
In particular, skyrocketing European bond yields, and the impact that is having on EUR, is a critical component of broader-based USD weakness.
German 10-year bund yields are up another 7 bps overnight. This, along with the US data disappointment, was enough to see EUR/USD snap through important resistance at the 100-day moving average (currently 1.1260). EUR sits 1.5% stronger for the day at 1.1350.
NZD holds the dubious honour of being the only G10 currency to weaken against the USD over the session, thanks to yesterday's employment report.
Markets were not so much concerned the higher unemployment rate (largely driven by greater participation), as the softer wage pressures.
After the RBNZ clearly signalled falls in medium-term wage pressures would necessitate OCR cuts, the Labour Cost Index remained steady on an annual basis, as opposed to the expected rise.
This is yet another data point that suggests there is more slack in the economy than previously thought. Keep in mind though, the RBNZ signalled it wants to see prices and wages 'settle' at lower levels. It will take time for this to become evident. But investors are not waiting around to find out, and quite appropriately moved to price in a greater chance of rate cuts in 2015.
NZD is significantly weaker on the crosses, with a 2.3% decline against EUR particularly eye-opening. NZD/AUD continues to make headway lower, with important support at the 200-day moving average (0.9340) within striking distance. Momentum suggests some further downward movement, but we maintain that a broad 0.92 – 0.98 range will prevail through year-end.
Today, RBNZ Governor Wheeler gives a non-public speech, which should not be reported. After the Australian employment report is out of the way, we look toward results from the (very tight) UK general election, which should start dribbling in early tomorrow morning.
Get our daily currency email by signing up here:
On the second day after the Orlando massacre, America's president and his would-be successors performed to type. President Obama and Hillary Clinton still want it to be about banning guns and “countering extremism”; Donald Trump wants to face the facts about radical Islam.
Obama called the perp a case of “homegrown extremism” who'd been “inspired by various extremist information that was disseminated over the internet.”
No mention of the killer's father, an Afghan immigrant who has praised the Taliban. Nor of the fact that (according to some of his ex-classmates) the young Omar Mateen cheered as the second plane hit the World Trade Center on 9/11.
Our president's big takeaways: Do more on “countering this extremist ideology” (which he still won't name) and “think about the risks” of “being so lax” on gun control.
Clinton provided a loud echo of Obama, denouncing “the virus that poisoned [the killer's] mind” and demanding “the removal of ‘weapons of war' from the streets.”
She talked up renewing the assault-weapons ban passed under her husband Bill in the '90s, which lapsed last decade — without mentioning that FBI stats show the ban did nothing to reduce gun crime.
Oh, she had one good idea: Get the governments of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait to stop letting their people finance extremists. So why didn't she do anything about that when she was secretary of state?
Yes, she did announce one major flip-flop: Unlike Obama, Clinton finally agreed to say the words “radical Islamism” — a term she said last December she wouldn't use for fear of somehow offending Muslims.
Trump, by contrast, slammed the nation's “dysfunctional immigration system, which does not permit us to know who we let into our country,” nor “to protect our citizens.”
And he renewed his call to ban “immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies, until we understand how to end these threats.”
That would allow time to “develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.”
And he gave full throat to what most Americans believe: “Many of the principles of radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions. Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American.”
He cited an existing outrage: “Our own FBI director has admitted that we cannot effectively check the backgrounds of the people we are letting into America.”
And he mocked the idea that gun control can make a difference. (France's tough gun laws certainly didn't stop the Charlie Hebdo killers or the Bataclan Paris attackers.)
He closed with a promise: “When I am president, I pledge to protect and defend all Americans who live inside of our borders. Wherever they come from, wherever they were born, all Americans living here and following our laws will be protected.
“America will be a tolerant and open society. America will also be a safe society.”
It's hard to quarrel with that.
New orders for U.S.-made goods rose in August and orders for core capital goods were stronger than previously reported, suggesting robust business spending could help offset some of the economic drag of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
Factory goods orders increased 1.2 percent as demand for a range of goods rose, the Commerce Department said on Thursday. Orders fell by an unrevised 3.3 percent in July.
Economists had forecast factory orders increasing 1.0 percent in August. The Commerce Department said it was unable to isolate the impact of Harvey and Irma on the data as the survey is "designed to estimate the month-to-month change in manufacturing activity at the national level and not at specific geographic areas."
Orders for non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft - seen as a measure of business spending plans - jumped 1.1 percent in August instead of the 0.9 percent increase reported last month.
Orders for these so-called core capital goods advanced 1.3 percent in July. Shipments of core capital goods, which are used to calculate business equipment spending in the gross domestic product report, shot up 1.1 percent instead of the previously reported 0.7 percent rise.
Strong business spending on equipment is helping to underpin manufacturing, which makes up about 12 percent of the U.S. economy. Business investment in equipment grew at its fastest pace in nearly two years in the second quarter.
Spending is rising despite signs of slowing oil and gas drilling as ample supplies restrain crude oil prices.
In August, orders for machinery gained 0.3 percent after rising 0.2 percent in July. Mining, oil field and gas field machinery orders dropped 5.1 percent after leaping 3.7 percent in July.
Orders for transportation equipment advanced 5.1 percent, reflecting a 44.8 percent surge in civilian aircraft orders.
Motor vehicle orders rose 0.7 percent after declining 2.2 percent in July. Further gains are likely in September as residents in the areas ravaged by Harvey and Irma replace flood-damaged vehicles. Major automakers on Tuesday posted higher U.S. new motor vehicle sales for September.
Motor vehicle sales increased to a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 18.57 million units in September from 17.72 million units a year earlier, according to Autodata Corp.
During a commencement address at Liberty University on Saturday, a somewhat subdued President Trump reflected on a tumultuous past week prompted by his abrupt firing of FBI Director James B. Comey amid a federal investigation of possible ties between Trump's 2016 campaign and Russians seeking to influence the outcome.
Trump said that he has shown “courage” and “guts” in shaking up the established order in Washington – even as he has touched off a political firestorm on Capitol Hill over dismissing Comey and stoked a constitutional debate over whether he was intentionally obstructing a federal investigation that some argue could eventually lead to his impeachment.
Related: Trump Admits He Made Decision to Fire FBI Director Prior to DOJ Recommendation
“Nothing worth doing ever, ever, ever came easy,” he told the graduates at the prominent evangelical Christian university in Lynchburg, Va. “It's called the road less traveled.”
It's hard to predict where this fast-moving political drama will lead: Trump has blatantly contradicted Vice President Pence and other senior White House surrogates' explanations of why Comey as fired. In the process, Trump has left the clear impression that his major concern was that the FBI probe was picking up steam.
The president also made a veiled threat in a tweet against Comey to be careful about what he says about conversations the two men had prior to the dismissal. Comey reportedly may testify soon in open session before the Senate Intelligence Committee to give his side of the story. And Trump as repeatedly dismissed the FBI and congressional investigations into Russian involvement in the election as a “hoax” and waste of taxpayer money.
But Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), one of the most influential Democrats in the country, made it clear on Sunday that Trump's “less traveled road” will either lead to the appointment of a special independent prosecutor to take over the FBI investigation or trigger an historic paralysis of legislative action – including the president's selection of a replacement for Comey.
Related: The Inside Story on Why Trump Decided to Fire Comey
Appearing Sunday on CNN's State of the Union and NBC's Meet the Press, Schumer reiterated a Democratic call on Friday for the Department of Justice's Inspector General to investigate the possibility of “political interference with the FBI's investigation” into possible collaboration between Trump campaign aides and Russian officials to influence the outcome of the election in Trump's favor.
And for the first time, Schumer strongly embraced a proposal by Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the Democratic vice chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is also investigating the Russian campaign connection, to try to block the confirmation of a permanent replacement for Comey until the Justice Department agrees to appoint a special prosecutor to oversee the FBI investigation going forward.
“We need someone who is independent of the Justice Department to get to the bottom of this,” Schumer said on Meet the Press.
The New York Democrat said that while the Senate Intelligence Committee and other congressional panels are providing valuable oversight and review of the FBI probe, they lack the authority to indict or prosecute in the event criminal conduct is revealed. Some senators, including Republican Ben Sasse of Nebraska and Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, have warned that appointing a special prosecutor at this point might slow down the congressional investigation or undermine confidence its work.
Related: Special Prosecutor? Independent Counsel? Special Counsel? What's the Difference?
“They can't prosecute,” Schumer said of the congressional investigations in the Senate and House. “A special prosecutor appointed by the Justice Department has the ability to actually prosecute people for violations of law. And they [the congressional and FBI probes] go on in tandem. One shouldn't step on the other . . . but it's too separate issues, and we very much need a special prosecutor.”
Under the US Code, the Attorney General may appoint an outside Special Counsel “when he or she determines that criminal investigation of a person or matter is warranted and that investigation or prosecution of that person or matter by a United States Attorney's Office or litigating Division of the Department of Justice would present a conflict of interest for the Department or other extraordinary circumstances.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a former Alabama senator and senior adviser to Trump's campaign, recused himself from the investigation after it was revealed that he falsely testified during his Senate confirmation hearings in March that he had no contact with Russians during the campaign. In fact, he had two meetings last summer and fall with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak.
Related: Demands for a Special Counsel to Investigate Trump's Russia Ties Just Got Louder
Last week, the White House revealed that Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein had urged Trump to fire Comey, largely for his questionable decision-making in the probe of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's mishandling of government emails. And Sessions took part in the vetting of eight candidates to replace Comey, a decision that could be made as early as this week and will have a profound impact on the future direction of the Russian probe.
Senate Majority Leader McConnell has dismissed calls for an independent investigator to take charge of the investigation of Russian interference in the election as partisan and said the Senate would continue with its own investigation headed by Sens. Richard Burr (R-NC) and Warner.
Schumer acknowledged today that the current Senate rules requiring only a simple majority of the 100-member body to confirm Trump's nomination of a replacement for Comey would make it impossible to block the president's choice of a new FBI director unless several Republicans side with the Democrats. A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll found that just 29 percent of Americans approve of Trump's decision to fire Comey.
“The key here, of course, is getting some of our Republican colleagues to join us,” Schumer said. “We're hoping, we're waiting, we understand it's difficult. But I think patriotism and the needs of this country demand it.”
The forum was founded in 2009 by Satoshi and Sirius. It replaced a SourceForge forum. Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
prophetx
Offline
Activity: 1442
Merit: 1000
he who has the gold makes the rules
LegendaryActivity: 1442Merit: 1000he who has the gold makes the rules Re: [ANN][XCP] Counterparty Protocol, Client and Coin (built on Bitcoin) - Official January 06, 2014, 05:28:52 AM #382
https://blockchain.info/address/1CounterpartyXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXUWLpVr
Also, why not just use an address that goes to the Red Cross or Shawns Outpost or whatever random charity. Since you are just using this as way to limit coin generation why not at least have the BTC go toward something that benefits people, planet, something.
I know it is too late for that obviously.
ok maybe i am missing something here but how do we know that someone does not have the privkey for this address?Also, why not just use an address that goes to the Red Cross or Shawns Outpost or whatever random charity. Since you are just using this as way to limit coin generation why not at least have the BTC go toward something that benefits people, planet, something.I know it is too late for that obviously. WINGS Beta is live - list your project for only 200 WINGS (erc20 coin) at https://wings.ai - over $750 Million raised by ICOs with WINGS
cityglut
Offline
Activity: 216
Merit: 100
Full MemberActivity: 216Merit: 100 Re: [ANN][XCP] Counterparty Protocol, Client and Coin (built on Bitcoin) - Official January 06, 2014, 05:37:12 AM #383 Quote from: prophetx on January 06, 2014, 05:28:52 AM
https://blockchain.info/address/1CounterpartyXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXUWLpVr
Also, why not just use an address that goes to the Red Cross or Shawns Outpost or whatever random charity. Since you are just using this as way to limit coin generation why not at least have the BTC go toward something that benefits people, planet, something.
I know it is too late for that obviously.
ok maybe i am missing something here but how do we know that someone does not have the privkey for this address?Also, why not just use an address that goes to the Red Cross or Shawns Outpost or whatever random charity. Since you are just using this as way to limit coin generation why not at least have the BTC go toward something that benefits people, planet, something.I know it is too late for that obviously.
Counterparty aims at maximizing trustlessness, i.e. not sending Bitcoins to any address for which someone has the prviate key; even though you have suggested donating to good causes, Bitcoins could only be sent to their addresses at the expense of trustlessness and decentralization.
EDIT: Regarding the unspendability of the Bitcoins in at CounterpartyXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXUWLpVr please see this post: Counterparty aims at maximizing trustlessness, i.e. not sending Bitcoins to any address for which someone has the prviate key; even though you have suggested donating to good causes, Bitcoins could only be sent to their addresses at the expense of trustlessness and decentralization.EDIT: Regarding the unspendability of the Bitcoins in at CounterpartyXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXUWLpVr please see this post: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=395761.msg4317890#msg4317890
panonym
Offline
Activity: 266
Merit: 250
Help and Love one another ♥
Sr. MemberActivity: 266Merit: 250Help and Love one another ♥ Re: [ANN][XCP] Counterparty Protocol, Client and Coin (built on Bitcoin) - Official January 06, 2014, 06:30:48 AM
Last edit: January 06, 2014, 07:21:19 AM by panonym #392
Problem before the expected problem:
Code: user@home:~$ xcp send --from=send --from=myaddresswithXCP --quantity=1 --asset=XCP --to=safeBTCaddress
Confirm? (y/N) y
Traceback (most recent call last):
File "/home/user/counterpartyd_build/dist/counterpartyd/counterpartyd.py", line 426, in <module>
json_print(bitcoin.transmit(unsigned_tx_hex))
File "/home/user/counterpartyd_build/dist/counterpartyd/lib/bitcoin.py", line 260, in transmit
return rpc('sendrawtransaction', [signed_tx_hex])
File "/home/user/counterpartyd_build/dist/counterpartyd/lib/bitcoin.py", line 64, in rpc
raise exceptions.BitcoindError('{}'.format(error))
lib.exceptions.BitcoindError: {'code': -22, 'message': 'TX rejected'} Same error without the --from=send
I expected the command to work,
but then never see the XCP arrive in my safeaddress 'coz even Eligius doesn't process OP_RETURN before v0.9.
So I kind of willingly risked to lose 1XCP, but fail.
(curious: does anyone know an easy way to cancel a transmission that has never been confirmed? be BTC, XCP or whatever)
Did anyone succeed using the send command?
Must have someone who tried before Eligius stopped, or on testnet.
What do I do wrong?
edit: tried to add -paytxfee=0.0001 (error: unrecognized arguments)
Code improvement needed: 'doesn't show BTC balance ? ? ?
Code: xcp address myXCPaddresswithBTC
Balances
+-------+------------+
| Asset | Amount |
+-------+------------+
| BTC | ??? |
| XCP | okvalue |
+-------+------------+ 'tried to transfert XCP.Problem before the expected problem:Same error without the --from=sendI expected the command to work,but then never see the XCP arrive in my safeaddress 'coz even Eligius doesn't process OP_RETURN before v0.9.So I kind of willingly risked to lose 1XCP, but fail.(curious: does anyone know an easy way to cancel a transmission that has never been confirmed? be BTC, XCP or whatever)Did anyone succeed using the send command?Must have someone who tried before Eligius stopped, or on testnet.What do I do wrong?edit: tried to add -paytxfee=0.0001 (error: unrecognized arguments): 'doesn't show BTC balance
BitThink
Offline
Activity: 882
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 882Merit: 1000 Re: [ANN][XCP] Counterparty Protocol, Client and Coin (built on Bitcoin) - Official January 06, 2014, 07:45:46 AM
Last edit: January 06, 2014, 10:20:46 AM by BitThink #397 May I ask a question about the developer's incentive.
Proof by burn does increase the trust level, but how about the incentive? Have the developers already burned enough BTC to get their shares, or have the developers reserved certain part of XCP for themselves? If not, how can we be sure the developers will concentrate on this project and try their best to improve the value of XCP?
Wednesday's bombshell advisory declaring TrueCrypt unsafe to use touched off a tsunami of comments on Ars, Twitter, and elsewhere. At times, the armchair pundits sounded like characters in Oliver Stone's 1991 movie JFK, as they speculated wildly—and contradictorily—about what was behind a notice that left so many more questions than answers. Here are some of the more common theories, along with facts that either support or challenge their accuracy.
Warrant or National Security Letter canary
Theory: Borrowing a page from the Lavabit crypto service that former NSA contractor Edward Snowden used , Wednesday's advisory was what legal practitioners call a "canary," intended to signal receipt of a confidential demand from a law-enforcement or national security entity. Since National Security Letters (NSLs) can impose draconian penalties on those who make the demands known, this theory goes, the TrueCrypt developers issued a thinly veiled warning to users that they should no longer count on the program to prevent snooping by the US government.
Pros: Several elements of the advisory left many readers with the vague sense that the writers' tongues were planted firmly in their cheeks. Most obviously was the advice that TrueCrypt fans—a mish-mash of privacy-loving Linux, Mac, and Windows users—should abandon the cross-platform app for BitLocker, Microsoft's proprietary encryption program that runs only on selected versions of Windows. With much less prominent mention of FileVault or LUKS—the rough Mac and Linux equivalents of BitLocker, respectively—some people regarded the advice as so absurd as to be a wink and nudge signaling something much more serious was going on.
Cons: Like most conspiracy theories, this one is based on little more than speculation. Beyond that, it's not clear that authorities know the identities of the anonymous TrueCrypt developers or, assuming they do, that the developers reside in a jurisdiction where an NSL would be legally binding. What's more, the parallels between Lavabit and TrueCrypt are at best tenuous. Whereas Lavabit's private key allowed the feds to decrypt all user data, there's no similar secret that the TrueCrypt developers could reveal. TrueCrypt is also publicly available, so it's not clear what developers could say that the NSA doesn't already know. As such, that makes TrueCrypt an ineffective and therefore unlikely target for a US-engineered backdoor. Last, a preliminary audit of TrueCrypt uncovered no evidence of any backdoors.
An elaborate hoax perpetrated by hackers
This theory is especially popular among TrueCrypt loyalists, who have a hard time accepting the possibility that they're being abandoned by a developer team they have admired and relied on for more than a decade. The idea is that the truecrypt.org site and the TrueCrypt page on SourceForge were both hijacked, along with the private encryption keys used to certify that TrueCrypt releases were authentic. The hackers then used the pilfered assets to perpetrate one of the biggest hoaxes the crypto and security world has ever seen.
Pros: Pretty much the same as the pros for the NSL canary theory. That is, the logic in Wednesday's advisory is too absurd to be taken at face value. A better explanation, proponents hold, is that the post and the signed TrueCrypt update are the work of pranksters who successfully hacked the developers.
Cons: As of press time, none of the developers have come forward to say they were hacked or to warn TrueCrypt users of a key compromise that, if real, could be accurately described as ruinous for users. Further, representatives of SourceForge have reported receiving no complaints of a hack from the TrueCrypt project team and seeing no indication that the account has been compromised. Aside from the lack of logic in the post and the bizarre exit it implies, there seems to be no support at all for this theory. It rests solely on the highly subjective intuition of people who can find no other explanation.
The developers found a vulnerability that was too onerous to fix
There are few code bases more complex than those that carry out sophisticated cryptographic functions. It's easy for bugs to creep in that can completely undermine security. This theory holds that the developers discovered a catastrophic flaw that couldn't easily be fixed. Rather than tipping the hands of eavesdroppers by disclosing the existence of the bug, the developers simply walked away.
Pros: Like the pros above, this theory helps explain some of the more counterintuitive portions of the post and exit strategy. And given how hard it is to do crypto securely, it's entirely plausible.
Cons: Like the other theories, it's based entirely on conjecture.
Ars reader Marlor posted a competing theory. It may not be as sexy as many of the other theories, but based on what's known at the moment, it's at least as plausible. Simply put, it holds that after 10 years of slinging code and with more than two years since their last update, the developers behind this rag-tag crypto project threw in the towel.
"I can't comprehend the conspiracy theories flying around about this," Marlor wrote. Later, the reader added: "If I developed a piece of security software, and wanted to cease development, I'd make a similar statement. 'Don't use this anymore. It's not maintained, and should therefore be considered insecure.' Otherwise, if a vulnerability is discovered, everyone will scream: 'Fix it now! Nobody told us to stop using it!'"
Post updated to correct details about FileValut and LUKS.
The Supreme Court on Monday delivered a major win to abortion clinics in Texas in a decision that halts the state's Republican leaders from enforcing one of the nation's strictest abortion laws.
The court's 5-3 decision, written by Justice Stephen Breyer, blocks Texas from enforcing two of the biggest pieces of its landmark 2013 law.
ADVERTISEMENT
The case, Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, marks the court's first major decision on abortion in about two decades. It's also one of the most anticipated decisions of 2016, a year in which Justice Antonin Scalia's death shrunk the bench to only eight justices.
The justices said in the majority opinion that the two parts of the Texas law under challenge create a “substantial obstacle in the path of women” who are seeking abortions and neither provision “offers medical benefits sufficient to justify the burdens upon access that each imposes.”
The law required doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles. It also required abortion clinics to meet the stricter standards of hospital-style “ambulatory surgical centers.”
Breyer was joined on the 40-page majority opinion by Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Anthony Kennedy, who was considered the swing vote in the case.
The ruling tosses out a previous decision by an appellate court, which abortion rights activists warned would have sweeping implications for millions of women in Texas.
"Today women across the nation have had their constitutional rights vindicated. The Supreme Court sent a loud and clear message that politicians cannot use deceptive means to shut down abortion clinics,” the Center for Reproductive Rights, the group that filed the lawsuit, wrote in a statement.
If the ruling had been upheld, the number of abortion clinics in Texas would have shrunk to about 10 from more than 40 before the law, according to the Center for Reproductive Rights.
Abortion rights activists sued Texas after its GOP-controlled legislature passed a strict law in 2013, arguing it violated a woman's right to an abortion under federal law.
Several medical groups, including the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, called the restrictions unnecessary and politically motivated.
President Obama lauded the court's decision.
“I am pleased to see the Supreme Court protect women's rights and health today,” Obama said in a statement. “These restrictions harm women's health and place an unconstitutional obstacle in the path of a woman's reproductive freedom.”
The case centered on whether Texas lawmakers had placed an “undue burden” on the constitutional right to an abortion with the new restrictions. That language was established in the 1992 landmark case Planned Parenthood v. Casey.
The high court has already prevented one piece of the Texas abortion law from going into effect. The court ruled 5-4 last June to temporarily halt the 5th Circuit's ruling on a mandate for clinics to meet hospital-grade standards.
But during oral arguments in March, the eight-member court appeared deeply divided on the case.
Both Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas penned dissenting opinions. In his 43-page opinion, Alito argued that the law should have been sent to lower courts “for a remedy tailored to the specific facts shown in this case.”
Though the case concerns only the law in Texas, the outcome is likely to have a ripple effect.
Thomas, in his separate dissenting opinion, warned that the majority decision would "surely mystify lower courts for years to come."
Two dozen other states have similar restrictions in place, requiring abortion clinics to meet the standards of hospital-style surgical centers and requiring doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at hospitals within 30 miles.
The vast majority of those laws have also been challenged in court, though none have yet made it to the Supreme Court.
[READ THE DECISION BELOW.]
Read Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt decision
A generational failure: As the U.S. fantasizes, the rest of the world builds a new transport system
Tomorrow, two high-speed rail lines open in France, providing new corridors for trains to slice through the countryside at 200 mph (320 km/h). One is a 302-kilometer link that will connect Paris to Bordeaux in the southwest part of the country. The other is a 182-kilometer line connecting Paris to western France. They'll provide riders the equivalent of linking Washington, D.C. to Charlotte in just over two hours (versus an eight-hour Amtrak trip today), or Dallas to San Marcos in less than an hour and a half (versus a seven-and-a-half-hour Amtrak trip).
What's remarkable about the completion of these projects is not so much their scale (though at €7.8 billion and €3.4 billion, respectively, they're hardly a drop in the bucket), nor the improvements in connectivity they'll provide (though they'll slash travel times in western France for millions of riders every year). What's remarkable about them is, frankly, just how unremarkable they are; for people in most of the world's wealthy countries, high-speed rail services of this sort have become commonplace.
The U.S., of course, is the world's notable exception. Over the past thirty years, almost two dozen countries have built up networks of collectively thousands of miles for trains traveling at least 150 mph. Since 1976, for example, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain slowly but steadily built up large networks, under varying political and economic environments (Japan had started opening such lines in 1964; see the bottom of the post for a similar graph including China). Americans upgraded a route between Boston and New York and created 34 miles of track capable of such speeds.
In face of the difficulties inherent in investing in large infrastructure projects that have the potential to transform the travel experience, the U.S. has been unable to advance. Over the course of an entire generation, American society has proven itself incapable of pooling either the sustained motivation or the resources to complete a single major high-speed intercity rail project. Not that the country has committed itself to other forms of transportation, either; an automobile-centric place we may be, but our road network has hardly grown since 1980 in the face of massive population growth, congestion has worsened, and our airports are notoriously awful.
In this failure, high-speed rail encapsulates the American experience in general: A nation now fundamentally unprepared to change, whether in terms of transport, climate change, or healthcare.
My indictment of the U.S. is not founded on a claim that Americans are bereft of “ideas,” or that other countries' populations are smarter, or wealthier, or more risk-taking than them. It's just that our society suffers from a malaise resulting from its dysfunctional, irascible political system that is woefully unprepared to commit to anything particularly significant.
In early 2009, the U.S. and China were, in an odd sort of way, in a similar place when it came to transport investment. Propelled into office by a wave of voters who suggested they wanted change, President Obama's administration released a visionary proposal for high-speed rail that suggested the potential for major new fast train corridors criss-crossing the country. He convinced Congress to pass a stimulus bill with very significant new funds to pay for such lines. He seemed to be promoting a way forward. At the same time, China had just begun developing its rail network; in terms of truly fast trains, it had little more than a short link between Beijing and Tianjin open. But the Chinese government also had big proposals to expand its network into a nationwide system.
What happened in the intervening years suggests the difference between the two countries. In the U.S., President Obama's initiative was met by Republican governors elected in 2010 who, for reasons that had little to do with sanity, resisted free federal money to fund the completion of intercity rail projects their (Democratic) predecessors had developed. Lines in Florida, Ohio, and Wisconsin were scuttled. Republican members of the House of Representatives fought new appropriations for rail and instead pointed to what have been so far unfulfilled hopes for the private sector's magic touch to bring fast trains to America.
The federal government, hand-in-hand with willing state governments, invested in dead-end studies of maglev projects. Commentators suggested that high-speed rail was “pointless” in the face of slower self-driving cars, a technology that, by the way, remains to be genuinely proven. Now, we're being told by the president and the mayor of Chicago that the Hyperloop, another underdeveloped technology, is the transport of the future.
When it comes to intercity transportation, the attention span of the American mind, it seems, is little different than that of a child suffering from ADHD. Perhaps it is no surprise we have elected a president more interested in Twitter than policy.
Meanwhile, the Chinese government, committed to a long-term project, built the world's largest high-speed rail network. It now carries more than a billion and a half passengers each year. It has reconfigured the nation's geography such that high-speed rail is the most cost- and time-effective way to get around between most cities.
In the face of significant economic growth and mass migration to its urban centers, the Chinese government constructed a new transportation system. Yes, its roadway network and air travel systems have grown dramatically over the past ten years. But the largest growth in intercity travel has occurred on the high-speed rail network, which accounted for just a third of the passenger numbers of China's airlines in 2007 but now is carrying almost two times as many riders, and many more than the U.S. air system as a whole.
Amtrak, whose government support has hardly changed over the past decade, still carries about 1/26th of the daily passengers of the nation's airlines. Its negligible role in the nation's intercity transport system—outside of the Boston-to-Washington corridor—remains entrenched, even as other countries have dramatically expanded the railroad's role in their societies. The problem isn't that trains aren't popular to Americans. The problem is that American rail service is terrible, and we've done nothing to improve it.
It is true, of course, that the Chinese government is autocratic and that its ability to invest in rail does not face the same bureaucratic or democratic resistance as the U.S. does.
But such concerns didn't prevent the French, Italian, and Spanish government from completing more than 2,000 kilometers of high-speed rail lines since 2009. Moreover, American claims from early in the Chinese development period that “the Railway Ministry still can't get anyone to ride its trains” now seem irrelevant given that millions of people ride the system each day. And though it is certainly true that the rail system was, in part, built on corner-cutting, over the six years since 40 people died in the terrible 2011 Wenzhou train crash, more than 160,000 Americans died on their precious roadways.
It turns out that it's actually not that complicated to conduct transport policy in a manner that adapts to change. You don't need competitions to gather the input of “geniuses.” You don't need magical new technologies when we have systems that work today. You don't need to encourage speculation from the private sector, whose primary interest is in making high returns on their investment, not the public interest. You need a (reasonably) long-term commitment to individual projects, across political lines and among multiple political jurisdictions. You need to amass the public resources to pay for them. And then you need a competent workforce to design, construct, and operate the lines. American society has not shown itself capable of any of those things.
President Trump's claims over the past year have suggested significant interest in supporting improved infrastructure for the U.S. Democrats were willing to compromise, for better or worse, to make such projects happen. But then the administration revealed its budget, which cut a gaping hole in existing infrastructure programs. And the president has failed to even propose an appointment for the head of the Federal Railroad Administration, among many other positions.
The U.S. lost an entire generation of potential investment in high-speed rail to half-hearted proposals and political back-and-forths over whether to fund better services. There's no evidence we're any better off because of it; while other countries have developed new transportation systems that truly improve the ability to get between their cities, we've just become further mired in traffic, whether at the airport or on the highway. The current president gives us little reason to believe the coming years offer anything different.
There are, thankfully, still reasons for hope. Florida's Brightline project, a private initiative that would be difficult to replicate elsewhere because it is being completed by a private company that already owns the right-of-way, nonetheless suggests that it is possible to develop what appears to be a competent, well-run new railroad in the U.S., though it is not truly high-speed rail. And California's high-speed rail line, though years from completion and under continuous barrage from congressional Republicans, is actually under construction and it retains significant political support. Change could yet be on its way.
Sources for graphs: Wikipedia, U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics, World Bank, Amtrak. Photo at top: TGV near Bordeaux, from Flickr user Adrien Sifre (cc).
News
Sir Bob Cornelius Rifo is one tough cookie after being hit directly in the face with a glass bottle in Melbourne at Stereosonic by a ‘fan'. With no video footage emerging as of yet, the Italian electro pioneer took to his social media channels to voice his discontent quoting;
‘FML – F*ck You Very Much to whoever launched that f*cking Bottle on stage hitting me straight in the head! Man, that sh*t is Glass! You could kill People… #paramedics #sirbobcorneliusrifo #thebloodybeetrootslive #hide #glass #sifu #thebloodybeetroots #stereosonic #melbourne — in Melbourne.'
Despite this foolish act by the yet-to-be-named dickhead in the crowd (who could have killed the guy), The Dim Mak signed maestro seemed in good humour after what would have to be a pretty ‘bloody' painful experience. This act of bogan stupidity comes after Azealia Banks left the stage twice from similar crowd treatment in Sydney and Melbourne. I guess this justifies her leaving the stage now…!
Neon Alley Acquires ‘Accel World' For Broadcast
Chris Beveridge Posted by
Neon Alley continues to work through its existing stable of shows, expanding onto the Xbox system after its PS3 debut and then starting in on Lagrange as its latest show making it out there. Now comes (expected) news that they've picked up the rights to Accel World for the linear digital network. The series was simulcast via the VizAnime.com site for its run, which finished out in 2012. A dub trailer is expected to show sometime in the next few weeks and details on when the series will debut on Neon Alley.
Plot Concept: Inspired by the best-selling Japanese light novel series and from the creator of Sword Art Online is ACCEL WORLD. The year is 2046. Haruyuki Arita is a young boy who finds himself on the lowest social rungs of his school. Ashamed of his miserable life, Haruyuki can only cope by indulging in virtual games. But that all changes when Kuroyukihime, the most popular girl in school, introduces him to a mysterious program called Brain Burst and a virtual reality called the Accel World.
Chris has been writing about anime, manga, movies and comics for well on twenty years now. He began AnimeOnDVD.com back in 1998 and has covered nearly every anime release that's come out in the US ever since. He likes to write a lot, as you can see. Chris Beveridge – who has written 55647 posts on The Fandom Post. Facebook • Twitter • YouTube • Pinterest
The Incredible World of Navel Fluff
Part 3: The history and impact of my collection
Charted below is the curious history of my navel fluff collection, showing how it developed from a humble scrap of lint into a phenomenon commanding worldwide media attention, with international travel.
January 17 1984 - The collection begins
I began the collection as described on the main page. As the collection grew, so too did the desire to keep collecting, as I realised it was something rather unusual. At the age I was back then, the desire to do something different, and express individuality, was starting to awaken.
Late 1998 - Website commenced
I began my personal website, both for self expression and to learn HTML. It started small and grew slowly. In the following months I yearned to do a web page on a topic that wasn't being covered by anyone else; once again the desire to do something different.
July 1999 - Created navel fluff web page and online survey
Searching for a topic not yet covered on the internet proved fruitless - until I thought of navel fluff, and my large collection of the stuff. I created a page about my collection which included the world's first internet survey of navel fluff. I submitted the page two search engines, one website, and joined the "Unusual Museums of the Internet" web ring. I've never done anything else to promote the page, but many other sites have linked to it and visitors multiplied.
May 2000 - First mention on TV
My collection was mentioned on ABC news in Colorado Springs, USA
June 2000 - Approached by Guinness World Records
One of the staff at Guinness World Records in London invited me to make a claim in respect of my collection. I put together the required material and submitted it.
June 16 2000 - Christchurch radio interview
Was interviewed live by telephone by Rik van Dijk and Katrina Smith on the breakfast show of radio station 91ZM, Christchurch New Zealand. I decided not to do any more radio interviews and declined many subsequent requests from all around the world.
July 2000 - Included in "Cool Collecting" book
I provided information about my collection to be used in a book for Price Stern Sloan publishing titled "Cool Collecting". I don't know if the book has been published yet.
September 2000 - First income from navel fluff
My first navel fluff income arrives, in the form of a very small cheque for banner advertising placed on my navel fluff page, which by then was averaging around 8000 visitors per month. Unfortunately the advertising company ceased advertising, so the first cheque was the last.
October 2000 - Approached by Ripley's Believe It Or Not
Ripley's Television staff in Los Angeles expressed interest in including my fluff collection in a segment on their show, however I declined.
November 2000 - Notified of world record
I received an e-mail from Guinness World Records informing me that my collection had been recognised as an official world record, and was interviewed by telephone for their website. The certificate arrived shortly after.
November 2000 - Contributed to BBC program "The Body Show"
I was contacted by a BBC producer who was researching a program about navels, as part of a 13 part series on various body parts. I spoke to her about my collection, and the results so far of my online navel fluff survey.
March 18 2001 - Featured in the Sunday Herald Sun newspaper, Melbourne
After being interviewed over the phone by reporter Samantha Amjadali, a page-and-a-half article was printed. Titled "A nice little bit of fluff", it was the feature story in the internet section of their Sunday newspaper.
April 2001 - Approached by Guinness World Records Primetime
Fox Television staff in Los Angeles expressed interest in showing my collection on their "Guinness World Records Primetime" TV show, however I declined.
September 2001 - Invited to appear on the Tonight Show
I was contacted by an NBC producer inviting me to appear on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. The attractive offer included travelling to Los Angeles, however the date planned was impossible due to various committments. I declined, but left the door open for another date.
September 2001 - The 2002 edition of Guinness Book of Records released
The new edition of the famous book was released, with my collection being the feature item on page 131. Very satisfying! I was amused when several people approach me to autograph their copies of the book. [NB - I don't appear in subsequent editions of the book, which only feature selections of all records. However I still hold the record]
September 2001 - My web page listed in book of world's "best"
I was honoured to discovered that my navel fluff web page was included in the book "500 of the World's Best Websites", published by Lagoon Books UK.
October 2001 - Brisbane radio interview
Despite my reluctance to do radio interviews, I was interviewed by Ian Maurice for his evening talk show on radio station 4BC in Brisbane, Australia.
December 2001 - Included in "Q&A With Dr K" book
Dr Karl Kruszelnicki of the University of Sydney and the ABC (Australia) released his 20th book on popular science. One chapter deals with navel fluff, including the results of his own navel fluff survey conducted over the internet (commenced after mine), with experimental work done by his university staff. My collection is included.
October 18 2001 - Featured in the Melbourne Age newspaper
Following a phone interview, a page-and-a-half article by reporter Chris Johnston was printed. It was the cover story for their "Today" section and featured my collection and some of the other Australian entries in the recently released new edition of the Guinness Book of Records.
February 2002 - Featured in the West Australian newspaper
Despite my reluctance, reporter Cian Manton interviewed me for the Today section of my home state's newspaper. The well written article emphasised how I hadn't sought the media attention I've been getting. It also made the point that navel fluff collecting is a very insignificant part of my life, and that I'm amused at how seriously other people are taking it.
February 4 2002 - Appeared on the Tonight Show With Jay Leno
I accepted a second invitation to travel to NBC studios in Los Angeles to talk about my collection on one of the highest rating talk shows in the states. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Kylie Minogue were on the show with me, and after some initial fear I enjoyed my six minutes of fame - see next page for more details. After the show I took advantage of the opportunity to have a holiday, and a great time was had exploring some awesome countryside in the southwestern states between LA and Denver.
March/April 2002 - Declined further interviews
Upon returning from America I received and declined requests to appear on the Today Tonight current affairs show (Perth) and the Today Show (Melbourne), not to mention Ralph magazine. Contrary to what many think, there is no payment offered (to people like me) for interviews like these; the Tonight Show being the only interview so far providing any tangible benefit.
May 13 2003 - Albany radio interview
I spoke about my collection and trip to America on ABC regional radio in Albany, Western Australia. The interviewer was a friend of a friend, so I temporarily suspended my no radio interview policy.
Dec 13 2003 - Featured in The West magazine
Melissa Kent, a writer for the West Australian newspaper, wrote an interesting article for their saturday magazine about people in Perth who collect unusual things. There was a variety of people collecting plastic bags, lottery tickets, pencil sharpeners, garden gnomes, barbie dolls, and of course my lint.
Feb 25 2004 - Featured in "That's Life" magazine
This Australian magazine publishes lots of interesting, unusual, humourous and bizarre stories sent in by readers. Someone from the magazine contacted me for a phone interview, and once again my navel was published. I was delighted to later receive a cheque for my small effort!
Aug 2 2004 - Appeared on Enough Rope with Andrew Denton
Andrew Denton, one of Australia's best interviewers, features a non-celebrity audience guest at the end of each show because he believes "everyone has a story to tell". At his request I talked about my lint collecting habit at the end of one of his shows (transcript). Despite the ABC being a government funded TV network, I was flown to Sydney, put up in a nice hotel, and driven in a limousine between airport, hotel and studio. This was the third time I received some tangible benefit for my story - not money, but travel, which to me is just as good.
October 2004 - Included in the book "Enough Rope with Andrew Denton 2"
This book contains interview transcripts of a selection of guests who were interviewed on Andrew Denton's show in 2004. Though its mostly his primary guests, rather than audience guests, he included my interview (the full transcript, half of which was edited out for the TV show). I unexpectedly was sent a copy of the book signed by Andrew, in which he wrote "We are all lint in the navel of life, no? Thanks for trusting us".
October 2004 - Included in "Ripley's Believe It or Not: Special Edition 2005"
I haven't seen a copy of this book, but as I was paid for the use of a photo of my collection which was to be published in it, I'm assuming that I'm in it.
February 2006 - Interviewed for Farrago magazine
This is a student magazine at the Melbourne University, and having been a uni student once I was happy to be a part of it.
August 2006 - Included in "Uncle John's Strange and Scary Bathroom Reader"
The cover of this book elaborates: "Freaky facts about peculiar people", and I don't mind the publishers implying I may be peculiar because they paid me for the use of the photo I supplied them.
May 16 2008 - Appeared on Collectors
The Collectors show on Australia's ABC TV includes "classic antiques, funky collectables, the strange and the odd, mystery objects, and those with the potential to become collectables". In a segment filmed in my home, my lint and I were also featured - I think I can guess which of those categories they put me in.
June 2008 - Collection sold to Ripleys Entertainment
I often thought it would be nice for my world record lint collection to someday end up in a museum ... though I couldn't imagine one weird enough to want it. Then one day I was contacted by someone from Ripleys Entertainment, offering to purchase my collection. They thought it would be a good addition to one of their "Believe It Or Not!" museums, or "odditoriums" as they call them. Perfect! Not only would my collection find a very suitable home, but I would be paid a fair sum for it (which I will not disclose).
It was sad to part with such a unique collection that had been part of my life for so long. But I had returned to full time study and needed the money, and the novelty of the media attention had well and truly worn off. It had been fun, but in my mind I was ready to move on.
Ripleys were intending to house my collection in their new museum at Surfers' Paradise, Queensland. I'm not sure if they did, but hope to visit one day to see. In the meantime, I continue to collect my navel lint every day. Perhaps in twenty years or so I might try to sell them a further three jars of the stuff. Stranger things have happened.
Make no mistake about it; miniatures wargaming is expensive. Choosing to get involved in one is a commitment of treasure, time and — if we're being completely honest here — storage space. So what if I told you that I'd found a miniatures game that was super fun to play and highly customizable right out of the box? What if I told you it was particularly well made and a tremendous value?
And what if it also happened to be Halo-themed?
You'll remember that Master Chief is a space marine. Not a space army guy. Not a space sailor. He's a marine, and marines need ships — ships to jump out of, ships to jump in to. Ships to smear with alien viscera. Ships to blow the hell up.
Must Read How Halo: Fleet Battles was born
Halo: Fleet Battles is about those ships, and it turned a lot of heads at this year's Gen Con convention. Over the last month or two, I've been putting it through its paces and I'm fairly impressed with how it's holding up.
What makes Fleet Battles so special is its fleet building mechanic. Before any dice can be rolled in anger, each side of the table must prepare their fleets, which are divided into battle groups. Each battle group must have a capital ship, and may contain additional support ships. Inside those ships are hangers, which you get to fill with your choice of fighters and bombers.
This gives would-be space admirals tremendous flexibility in how they comprise their fleets. You can double up on capital ships, creating a fearsome damage-dealing battle group. You can fill another battle group with bombers, and another with fighters to work in tandem to destroy the enemy in detail. Or you can opt for smaller, more nimble ships like frigates and cruisers in order to outmaneuver your opponent and hit them in the rear.
You can do all of these things within one fleet, making it well-balanced and ready for any eventuality. Or you can specialize each one, creating a tricked-out fleet purpose-built to do this one cool thing you've always wanted to try. Simply building an army, for me at least, is an exciting way to spend an evening.
And all of this customization is done by simply swapping out the cards on a miniatures' platform, perhaps moving a ship from one platform to another. This grants the game many meaty, tactical options — even with just the starter set, The Fall of Reach.
Yes, it's something like $120 here in the States. But I can't stress enough just how much gameplay there is inside that one box.
What's even better is the attention to detail Spartan Games has lavished on these minis. Working hand-in-hand with the Halo loremasters at 343 has paid tremendous dividends. The ships themselves look exactly like they do on the small screen. They're also not terribly hard to put together, although a few of the Covenant craft did give me some trouble, leading to nasty scars on the surface of the minis from dripping glue. (My suggestion is to get some nice, thick plastic cement if you can find it, as the thin stuff just won't do.)
Even better, they all sit next to each other on the table, and on the shelf, tremendously well. The larger ships, some approaching six inches long, slide smoothly around and even over the smaller ships, making for ease of play as well as ease of storage.
Spartan Games worked hand-in-hand with 343's Halo loremasters, and it shows.
The included campaign isn't all that exciting, as it's really just a series of tutorial missions. But it goes a great job of teaching the game, which is fairly complex. Only by the fifth game or so are players set loose with the full set of game mechanics.
Those mechanics are, unsurprisingly, dice-driven. But Fleet Battles has a very unique system. You'll be rolling a lot of dice in this game, a dozen or more at one time and, depending on the range of the enemy, the damage your ships have sustained and various other factors, those dice will do more or less damage.
It's a bit tricky to pick up at first, but after the first few games it's fairly straightforward. What it does, however, is subtly support the game's theme. A massive capital ship, bristling with guns and other high-tech frippery, will make a lot of noise every time it fires off a salvo. But it takes a crew in good order, and a competent command structure, to put a volley on target. So it makes sense that, when a ship is under fire or otherwise stressed, even when you're rolling a bunch of dice sometimes they don't really do anything.
Fleet Battles also benefits from an excellent utilization of the Halo universe's characters. Two come in the box, one for the UNSC and another for the Covenant. Expansions include fan favorites like Cortana, who gives players multiple buffs to attack and defense. She also has the ability to reach out and sabotage Covenant computer systems. And, unlike every other character unveiled so far, she can be destroyed.
More than anything, Fleet Battles tells a good story at the table. Dogfights will erupt, sucking in smaller craft from all over around a hapless capital ship. Daring maneuvers will pay off, scoring devastating hits in the enemy's unprotected sectors. Boarding parties will cut their way through ships, plant explosives and bring them down. Cores will be breached and explode, taking their ship with them but also sending debris into neighboring units and causing hugely destructive cascades down the enemy line.
If I have one complaint, it's the paper punchouts. They're simply too thin to be easily moved around the table. Thankfully, Spartan has already released a set of precision-milled acrylic chits. They're a must-buy if you're getting into the game, and I'm looking forward to replacing the included fighters and bombers as well when that set comes out.
Also on the horizon are massive resin ships, fully playable but with their own unique rules. First up is a Covenant Assault Carrier and a UNSC Supercarrier, each of which will run around $85.
So while miniatures gaming is a fairly expensive hobby to get into, Halo: Fleet Battles is very much worth your time. It represents an exceptional value for your gaming dollar.
For more tabletop gaming, check out Polygon's dedicated section here.
India's inflation eases to four-month low
Business
oi-IANS
By Ians
New Delhi, July 14: India's headline inflation eased to a four-month low of 5.43 percent in June against 6.01 percent in May, due to slow growth in the prices of fuel and food cost, government data showed here Monday.
The country's key inflation based on the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was recorded at 5.16 percent in June 2013.
Primary articles, which have weightage of 20.12 percent in the WPI, rose by 6.84 percent in the month under review from an increase of 8.58 percent in May. It had grown by 8.79 percent in June 2013.
Fuel and power, which have a weightage 14.91 percent in the index, soared by 9.04 percent from 10.53 percent growth in May. The fuel and power cost had risen by 7.51 percent in June 2013.
According to data released by the ministry of commerce and industry, petrol prices in the month under review soared 9.02 percent. Diesel cost rose by 13.62 percent and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) prices jumped by 6.74 percent.
Food inflation which has a weightage 14.34 percent in the index grew by 8.14 percent from 10.27 percent in June 2013. In May the food cost had risen by 9.50 percent.
Food inflation has become a concern for the government as weak monsoon has dampened hopes of any easing of prices. The central and state governments are taking steps to contain the rising food prices by either directly selling edible commodities or easing grain imports.
Sticky food inflation situation may not give much room to the Reserve Bank of India in easing key lending rates in its upcoming monetary policy review scheduled in August.
Prices of potein-based food items like pulses rose by 1.78 percent, milk prices were up 10.82 percent and egg, meat and fish became dearer by 10.27.
Fruits became costlier by 21.40 percent year-on-year, while the vegetable prices price decelerated by 5.89 percent.
Potato prices zoomed by 42.52 percent from a negative 8.38 percent growth in June 2013. However, onion prices fell by 10.70 percent from 114.76 percent rise in the corresponding month of last year.
IANS
ATLANTA (Reuters) - An American doctor stricken with the deadly Ebola virus while in Liberia and brought to the United States for treatment in a special isolation ward is improving, the top U.S. health official said on Sunday.
Emory University Hospital after an ambulance carrying American doctor Kent Brantly, who has the Ebola virus, arrived via Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Atlanta, Georgia August 2, 2014. REUTERS/Tami Chappell
Dr Kent Brantly was able to walk, with help, from an ambulance after he was flown on Saturday to Atlanta, where he is being treated by infectious disease specialists at Emory University Hospital.
“It's encouraging that he seems to be improving - that's really important - and we're hoping he'll continue to improve,” said Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta.
Frieden told CBS's “Face the Nation” it was too soon to predict whether Brantly would survive, and a hospital spokesman said Emory did not expect to provide any updates on the doctor's condition on Sunday.
Brantly is a 33-year-old father of two young children who works for the North Carolina-based Christian organization, Samaritan's Purse. He was in Liberia responding to the worst Ebola outbreak on record when he contracted the disease.
Since February, more than 700 people in West Africa have died from Ebola, a hemorrhagic virus with a death rate of up to 90 percent of those infected. The fatality rate in the current epidemic is about 60 percent.
Frieden told ABC's “This Week” that the CDC was “surging” its response, and that it will send 50 staff to West Africa “to help stop the outbreak in the next 30 days.”
Amber Brantly, Dr. Brantly's wife, said she was able to see her husband on Sunday and he was in good spirits, and that the family is confident he is receiving the very best care. “He thanked everyone for their prayers,” she said in a statement.
A second U.S. aid worker who contracted Ebola alongside Brantly, missionary Nancy Writebol, will be brought to the United States on a later flight as the medical aircraft is equipped to carry only one patient at a time.
Standard treatment for the disease is to provide supportive care. In Atlanta, doctors will try to maintain blood pressure and support breathing, with a respirator if needed, or provide dialysis if patients experience kidney failure, as some Ebola sufferers do.
SECOND MISSIONARY EXPECTED SOON
Writebol, a 59-year-old mother of two who worked to decontaminate those entering and leaving an Ebola isolation unit in Liberia, was due to depart for the United States overnight on Monday, Liberia's information minister said.
Writebol's husband, David, who had been living and working in Liberia with his wife, was expected to travel home separately in the next few days, their missionary organization, SIM USA, said in a statement.
Despite public concern over bringing in Ebola patients, the CDC's Frieden said the United States may see a few isolated cases in people who have been traveling, but did not expect widespread Ebola in the country.
The facility at Emory chosen to treat the two infected Americans was set up with CDC and is one of four in the country with the ability to handle such cases. The Americans will be treated primarily by four infectious disease physicians, and will be able to see relatives through a plate-glass window and speak to them by phone or intercom.
Frieden said it was unlikely Brantly's wife and children, who left Liberia before he began showing symptoms, contracted the disease because people who are exposed to Ebola but not yet sick cannot infect others.
Related Coverage Second U.S. aid worker with Ebola to leave Liberia Monday night
The CDC has said it is not aware of any Ebola patient having been treated in the United States previously. Five people entered the country in the past decade with either Lassa Fever or Marburg, both hemorrhagic fevers similar to Ebola.
President Barack Obama has said some participants at an Africa summit in Washington this week would be screened for Ebola exposure. Frieden said on Sunday there was no reason to cancel the event.
“There are 50 million travelers from around the world that come to the U.S. each year ... We're not going to hermetically seal this country,” he told Fox News Sunday.
Maia wins the Indie Dev Grant
This morning I woke to the brilliant news that Maia has been voted to win the Indie Dev Grant by purchasers of the Bundle-in-a-box. This is excellent timing, as I took the game full time yesterday!
I am going to be crunching for the next two weeks to bring the game to a state where I can start releasing game play footage, so this small cash injection is a massive boon for me.
I want to thank everyone in the community for your amazing support and for your votes. You've been great guys, I'm really moved.
If you'd like to join us on the adventure, we now have something for everyone! There's Reddit, Twitter, IRC, Facebook, the newsletter, the RSS feed and of course the Forum. Phew!
In development news:
The character artists are finalising the polish on some of the colonists. I hope to have the new models in game very soon. Rudi is designing the all important "God Hand" for the cursor and I am currently prototyping the Maia rover, redesigning the IMP bot and building a new animation pipeline.
A big thank you to Kyttaro Games for running the bundle. And Again. Thanks to you, the Maia community, for all the support. Without your help none of this would be possible.
No Comments.
Comments have been disabled.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 16, 2015, 12:27 AM GMT / Updated July 15, 2015, 8:11 PM GMT By Jacquellena Carrero
A risky new social-media trend called the #NoFlagginChallenge is encouraging people to tear down Confederate flags — where ever they see them, even on private property — adding fuel to an already fiery debate about the Southern icon.
In a series of videos which have taken the Internet by storm, people are stealing Confederate flags and then running away.
One posted to Facebook on Saturday shows a man run up to a home in Manatee County, Florida, to rip the banner off the pole in front of the house. That video alone had more than 4.5 million views and over 65,000 shares by Wednesday afternoon. Jamari Williams, who posted the video, did not immediately respond for comment.
The Manatee County Sheriff's Office confirmed in a statement that a resident has come forward saying their house is the one in the video, and encouraged people to contact them with information on the suspect who snatched the flag.
Other videos shared with the #NoFlagginChallenge hashtag show people ripping off flags from cars and bolting.
In Anderson County, South Carolina, there were two separate incidents this past weekend involving Confederate flags stolen from a house and a car. Sheila Cole, public information officer for the Anderson County Sheriff's Office says there is no information yet that confirms the thefts were based on the hashtagged competition.
Yet, while some of the related tweets encourage others to rip down the flag, others are highlighting the danger of participating in this challenge.
People who support the flag are also getting involved in the movement, tweeting taunts to people participating in the challenge.
Mark Potok, senior fellow with the Southern Poverty Law Center, calls the challenge a dangerous game.
"Someone might get hurt and might get killed. The Confederate flag is already in trouble all around the country. This is not the way to proceed," he said.
Charlotte NAACP President Connie Mack also spoke out against the challenge, telling NBC affiliate WCNC that the game was illegal and dangerous.
"I am not happy, not pleased. You're on private property and God forbid with the Stand Your Ground law in North Carolina, you risk getting injured or killed,” Mack said. “I ask people not to take the challenge on-- do not do it.”
The controversial challenge comes just two weeks after activist Bree Newsome scaled the flagpole at the South Carolina Capitol and tore down the Confederate flag from a war memorial. Outcry over display of the Confederate flag was sparked by the attack on a historically black church in Charleston last month.
Potok, with the SPLC, said the social media challenge is fundamentally different than Newsome's act of civil disobedience.
"What she did was in the tradition of real civil disobedience. She did it publicly and was willing to be arrested and understood that she probably would be arrested," he said.
Potok argues that most damage to the Confederate flag won't come from dares like the #NoFlagginChallenge, but in fact from the upcoming Ku Klux Klan rally in favor of the flag expected in South Carolina this weekend.
"The no flagging trend could have the opposite effect," he said. "The irony is that the KKK rally will completely cement in the public mind the connection with the flag."
GOP lawmakers are requesting Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke provide members of the House with travel records for every Interior secretary dating back to Jan. 20, 2009.
Republican Utah Rep. Rob Bishop, chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources, and Arkansas Rep. Bruce Westerman, chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, sent a letter to Zinke outlining the request Tuesday. The documents requested cover the entire terms of Zinke and both of former President Barack Obama's Interior Secretaries: Ken Salazar and Sally Jewell.
“Ethical guidelines are on the books to promote transparency and responsible use of taxpayer dollars. Federal officials should be held to the highest ethical standard in adhering to these rules,” Bishop said in a statement. “When violations occur, the public deserves to know. When willful violations occur, there should be consequences.”
“When partisan opportunists conflate diligent conformance to scandal, no one wins,” Bishop added. “Let's get all facts on the table, ensure taxpayers are protected and proceed with the peoples' business.”
Members of the Trump administration are being scrutinized for private travel at the taxpayer expense since former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price spent $400,000 on private airfare.
Price resigned Friday.
The Associated Press revealed Monday that the Interior Department's Office of Inspector General is investigating Zinke for chartering three flights on the taxpayers dime, including one flight for over $12,000 from Las Vegas to his home state of Montana.
Zinke's $12,000 flight was on a plane owned by oil and gas executives, The Washington Post reports.
The flight was chartered through a company, Choice Aviation, LLC., the Department of the Interior (DOI) has contracted with since 2014, however.
An ethics board cleared Zinke's $12,000 flight beforehand, finding that no alternative existed that would allow him to meet his obligations as secretary. Zinke was scheduled to attend a meeting and signing ceremony, then speak before the Western Governors Association annual meeting the morning after his flight.
The Campaign for Government Accountability (CGA) believes Zinke's trip was for ulterior motives.
“It doesn't seem like the ethics officials knew the true reason behind the trip: to speak to the employees of a campaign donor,” CGA executive director Daniel Stevens said.
Zinke has called the investigation into his use of chartered planes “a little BS over travel.”
“Using tax dollars wisely and ethically is the greatest responsibility and it is at the heart of a good government,” Zinke said speaking Friday at The Heritage Foundation. “And there are times, however, when we have to utilize charter services because we often travel in areas and under circumstances that we don't have other flight options.”
Follow Tim Pearce on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
British Columbia has become the latest province to announce it will not prosecute most prostitution-related offences over last year's ruling by Canada's highest court that the laws are unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court of Canada struck down the laws — communicating for the purpose of prostitution, living on the avails and keeping a common bawdy house — in December, but said they would stay on the books for a year to give the federal government time to bring in new legislation.
Neil MacKenzie a spokesman with the B.C. Criminal Justice Branch said prosecutors have studied the ruling and decided that any ongoing or prospective prosecutions will be examined on a case-by-case basis.
Story continues below advertisement
"The branch concluded it's possible to respect the constitutional concerns that are raised in the ruling without discontinuing necessarily all prostitution-related prosecutions," he said in an interview on Friday.
"Shortly after the decision was released, the branch concluded that the focus in relation to any ongoing or prospective prosecutions should be on whether the cases involved any elements of exploitation or coercion."
MacKenzie said the likelihood of prosecution will be strongest in cases where pimps, keepers of bawdy houses and customers have exploited the vulnerability of prostitutes.
He said only a couple dozen prostitution-related offences are currently before the courts in the province, and the guidelines take effect immediately.
"Some prosecutions may continue, but not necessarily all prosecutions are going to continue," said MacKenzie. "It will be analyzed on an individual basis."
The federal government has said it will introduce new legislation dealing with prostitution well ahead of the December deadline.
Ontario, Alberta, New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador have all given their Crown attorneys direction following the Supreme Court ruling.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In Ontario, the government said it will likely not prosecute under the laws struck down, but will enforce laws that remain on the books, such as those involving people under 18, procuring, human trafficking, stopping a motor vehicle for the purposes of prostitution and all forms of sexual assault.
Alberta officials say they'll focus on customers and those who have exploited prostitutes, but it will generally not be in the public interest to prosecute prostitutes.
Racked is no longer publishing. Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years. The archives will remain available here; for new stories, head over to Vox.com, where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox. You can also see what we're up to by signing up here.
Boys' clothes are not fun and there are none of them.
Every now and then I get in the mood to buy my sons (2 and 5) some fresh duds. I'm not overly concerned with having stylish children, but like most moms, I think my children are cute and special, and I want their clothes to reflect that. Unfortunately, the lack of options sucks all the joy out of the shopping experience.
I flip through the Boden catalogs that come to my house about 10 times a week. Compared to twice as many pages of girls' clothes, which are decorated with animals, colors, and patterns deemed “girls only,” dropping $35 on a pair of sweatpants (which come in gray or green) doesn't seem worth the trouble of placing an order. It's the same at other retailers: A quick look on the Nordstrom website lists 932 boys' items for sale in sizes 2T-7, compared to 1,522 girls' items in the same size. Old Navy has half as many pages of toddler boy clothes as for toddler girls.
One can conceivably understand why gender norms would dictate a certain division of style, but what explains the discrepancy of inventory? How come if I had daughters, I would have a larger clothing selection from which to choose? And why is shopping for girls' clothes considered such a treat while boys' clothes is a utilitarian experience? I want options beyond the predictable solids and stripes, the sharks and the dinos and the superheroes. After all, it's me, not my sons, doing the shopping.
We've all seen old photos of children from the era when boys and girls alike sported curls and dresses — at what point did we start deciding that children had to dress differently? Jo Paoletti, author of Pink and Blue: Telling the Boys from the Girls in America, studies the history of gendering children's clothing. The establishment of the no-frills boy ideal occurred around the same time pink and blue found their current gendered strongholds — when early 20th century scholars like G. Stanley Hall, who pioneered the field of child psychology, began positing theories like that boys would become inclined toward homosexuality if they identified too much with their mothers and not enough with their fathers. Hence it was advised that mothers of baby boys dispense with ribbons and bows post-haste. “In the early 1920s, it was fairly common to have embroidery and flowers and ruffles on boys' clothes, but by the 1940s that was considered pretty much feminine,” Paoletti told me.
Fast forward to the 1980s, when the ultrasound took off. Previously, most newborn clothes came in gender-neutral colors, but once it became possible for parents to know whether they were having a little boy or a little girl, you could buy clothes — and pacifiers, bottles, and room décor — in pink or blue, getting the separation of boy versus girl off at an even earlier age.
Then in 1984, the Reagan administration dismantled protections against marketing to children. Sociologist Elizabeth Sweet told National Geographic in January, “Toys and children's entertainment became heavily intertwined, and manufacturers developed shows based on toys — like My Little Pony and Transformers — that followed niche-marketing wisdom by appealing to just one gender.” Those of us who grew up in the '80s may recall simpler days when everybody basically wore the same Mickey Mouse shirt. Nowadays, Mickey lives in the boys' department and Minnie lives in the girls', imbuing an otherwise meaningless errand to buy undies with cultural weight.
The difference in marketing is part of the reason why European children's brands, like DUNS or Mini Rodini, seem to be more successful at avoiding the boy and girl style binary we see in the States. Not only are there stricter regulations on how children get advertised to in Europe, you also see more women in political power and better benefits for working moms. “Anywhere you see countries that have a greater focus toward gender equality, they tend to be much more aware of how those stereotypes and early influences can impact kids,” says Amandine Liepmann, owner of the “gender equal” clothing line Mitz Accessories, which has a lot of overseas fans.
There is a push in the States to start removing gender labels from children's items that don't need them, but when it comes to clothes, the “gender-neutral” effort often means blah colors and blah designs. However, a selection of clothes that don't scream “boy” or “girl” are increasingly important to parents who don't care to adhere to prescribed gender norms, especially parents of children who may be trans or non-conforming.
Companies like Mitz Accessories are addressing this with cheerful patterns that shoot for a true blend of “boy” and “girl,” so a typical pattern will be bright yellow construction trucks against a purple background. However, Liepmann does notice a certain resistance to putting boys in traditionally “girly” colors. “We get a lot of homophobic comments [on our website], much more so than with any other girl posts,” she says. She notes that it's more acceptable to introduce a girl to something traditionally masculine, but “when you do the opposite: a boy can like the color pink or cats — boys love cats! — it seems like their heads explode.” In a survey of her Kickstarter customers, Liepmann learned that the two biggest deterrents keeping parents from buying pink clothes for their sons were fear of disapproving dads and fear of mean kids. It's understandable — we want to protect our children, even if the thing we're protecting them from is dumb. One day my son wanted to wear a pair of tights to school, but was worried about being made fun of. A girl can be a tomboy without the same stigma of a boy appearing girlish.
“You're perceived as weak if you're wearing something feminine,” says Liepmann. “The mentality, somewhere deep in the psyche, is that the best thing you can be is a boy.” The funny thing is that men's clothing is often more fanciful than boys' — it's much easier to find a pink dress shirt or a charming floral necktie for men than for boys. Paoletti traces this back still to our latent American panic over feminized boys. It's only when boys become men that they can sport showier clothes, with the inherent message of “‘I'm so secure in my masculinity I can wear this,'” she says. “The meaning of it changes on the adult.”
Once the premise has been established that boys like — or ought to like — utilitarian pieces meant for adventure and getting dirty, it's clear why there is such a bigger selection of girls' clothes: the mighty accessory. Lale Ketcham, who runs the Chicago boutique Windy City Bebe, points out that with girls' clothes, you can buy the dress as well as the tights, sweater, and headband that go with it. “Unless it's, like, Ralph Lauren that has the belt and the sweater and the polo, most boys' clothing is separates,” she says. “That's the pant that goes with all the tops in the collection.”
Besides Mitz Accessories, there are actually plenty of retailers that sell boys' clothes that move out of the camouflage short and Captain America T-shirt lockstep. “The number of requests for little boys' clothes coming in have surprised me,” says Anica John, CEO of the SMS-based kid clothier Kid Things. “I knew that I needed to get some brands that do boys' clothes really well so it would be fun to shop for them.” She cites brands like Appaman and Andy + Evan as ones that carry more imaginative boys' looks.
Marie Tillman, who runs the online clothier Mac + Mia, says her client base is about 60/40 girls to boys. Like Ketcham, she sees a bigger market for girls' accessories, but says that boys are catching up. “We found some great smaller vendors for boys that make braided leather bracelets and sunglasses and cool hats, a ton of opportunity for boys outside just your standard socks and belts and things like that.”
Online platforms like Tillman's and John's might have a leg up on selling gender-neutral clothes. Ketcham, who runs a brick-and-mortar store, sometimes sees her customers react quizzically to clothes like neon-colored hiking boots or a peach sweatshirt with navy Jackson Pollock paint drops that don't read immediately as “boy” or “girl.” However, when a stylist is doing the choosing, parents don't even necessarily know they're getting gender-neutral clothes, says Tillman. “Our stylist may pull [something] from the boys and send it to a girl, or vice versa.”
In the name of research, I nobly ordered (and paid for) a box from Mac + Mia for my two-year-old son, a little worried that he would get clothing that was a little over-the-top and hip for my taste. To my surprise and delight, I loved everything I received (but sent back a cute belt, because life is too short to be spent putting a belt on a two-year-old.) My favorite piece was a pair of Rose Pistol fire engine red shorts with yellow buttons on the back pockets. These are subtle details, but I loved that they were red but not Nantucket Red (I have an aversion to that color) and, unlike 99.9 percent of boys' shorts, weren't cargo or drawstring. I promptly ordered another box for my five-year-old and we kept everything, including what we refer to as his “cool guy” hat from Huxley (accessories!) Contrary to the stereotype that boys don't care about clothes, the big kid admired himself with a proud smile in the mirror and struck some power poses for the camera.
Real talk, I spent most of the paycheck I was to receive for this piece on the boys' clothes. And most parents don't have the time and money to go chase down the most fashion-forward, gender-challenging boys' clothes. The issue of gender norms in kids' clothing may not exactly be a burning one for all American families, especially those in more conservative areas: All the indie retailers I spoke with cited a strong customer base of younger moms in urban outlets who parent in a social media-oriented world.
On top of that, many of us are subservient to the styles bequeathed to us by gifts or hand-me-downs, not to mention children's terribly inconvenient nascent tastes of their own. “I wish I could have light-up shoes,” my son sometimes complains, and I agree that it stinks and wonder when he'll catch on that the only thing preventing him from getting them is me.
Make no mistake: Crossing gender lines can still be outright dangerous in today's world. However, there is evidence that slowly, the old belief of “feminine equals weak” may be abating. “The conventional wisdom is going to fall apart,” says Paoletti. “‘Guys won't go see action movies if they have female characters.' Actually, they do.” However, she warns, “in the same way white supremacy still exists, gender bias still exists.” But she's heartened by the changes she's seen in the 10 years since she began working on Pink and Blue. “You can find clothes for girls that have dinosaurs and space motifs on them, which you couldn't find 10 years ago.”
Tillman has seen knockoffs of the brands she carries in large stores and thinks it's a sign that larger retailers are willing to be more imaginative. “I think they're taking inspiration from smaller brands,” she says, so perhaps there will be a gradual trickle-down effect of boutique style. Liepmann is also encouraged by the trends she sees as more millennials — who seem to be more chill about a boy wearing a cat shirt — become parents. Plus, something even cooler she's noticed is the growing number of dad shoppers who come to Mitz. “Typically it's a dad whose son loves the color purple and will say ‘Ooh, I can buy you a purple shirt.' That's fantastic.”
On Sunday afternoon, holding a 5.5-game lead over the Blue Jays for the East with just a week left to play, John Farrell was in a position to experiment. For Joe Kelly, that meant an extended run out of the pen. Farrell seemed willing to lose the game rather than pull Kelly in that nervous final frame, but Kelly passed with flying colors, and likely earned a check mark next to his name for October as a multi-inning reliever.
For Fernando Abad, it was just one high-leverage at bat against a lefty. Farrell needed to know if he could turn to Abad for at least that much. The result: a hard-hit ball that one-hopped its way through the infield and into right for a game-tying single. Where Kelly had passed a difficult test, Abad managed to fail a relatively easy one. Where Kelly earned a ticket to the postseason, it feels like Abad might have just pitched his way off the roster.
That won't upset too many people. Abad was very much the face of the disaster month for Boston's bullpen. In under 13 innings of work, he's managed to surrender nine earned runs. He's walked eight batters, given up two homers, and generally been a sign of bad things to come whenever he's stepped out of the bullpen. But if Sunday was his chance to show he could get lefties out...well, it really shouldn't be something he needs to prove.
Let's ignore his numbers in Minnesota for now, because it feels like hearkening back to his better days won't really sway any hearts and minds in Boston. No Sox fan wants to hear how effective he was elsewhere when he's struggled so mightily with Boston. Instead, let's just talk Sox. Of the 60 batters Abad has faced, 35 of them have been right-handed. And yet, of the 38 outs that Abad has produced, 21 of them have come against lefties. You may notice A) that means Abad has been awful against righties and B) that means Abad has allowed all four left-handed baserunners. Even with that hit on Sunday, lefties are hitting .130/.200/.261 against Abad.
And this, lest we forget, is what Abad was brought here to do: get lefties out. When asked to do only that, he's done his job. It's just that, for a while there, the Sox didn't have the bodies in the bullpen to use him properly. Now it appears they do. Kimbrel is the closer, while Koji and Ziegler can handle the eighth or high-leverage moments. Heath Hembree is back to missing bats, and Joe Kelly might finally have found his place in the world.
The question is: who takes the lefties. They can certainly use one of the Robb(y/ie)s for that. Scott has been excellent since making the jump to the majors, though he only has five innings of work. Ross is somehow an afterthought in a pen that once seemed to need all the help it could get despite his 3.21 ERA and a .597 OPS against. There's even the possibility that Drew Pomeranz ends up in that position depending on how he and Buchholz look in their final starts.
Honestly, though, if Abad failed his test, and thus seems to be deserving of neither a roster spot nor playoff innings, the reality is that making him earn that spot with one at-bat and ignoring the first 24 he had against his intended competition isn't terribly fair. Nor is judging him on all those at-bats he had to soak up against righties.
Now, it's entirely possible the Red Sox simply don't think they need a LOOGY. Better, after all, to have a lefty who can also get righties out, which is a pretty apt description of Ross. The same could be said of Pomeranz if he ends up in that role. But if Abad is suddenly a ba—
Wait, check that.
If Abad's name seems to be ruined in Boston, it doesn't deserve to be. He did what the Red Sox brought him in to do, and failed miserably at the rest. It can be hard to see past the bad to see the good, but it does exist.
New Delhi: It was the summer of 1995. “Papa, it is Hizbul Mujahideen,” said a panicking Juhi handing over the phone to her father Sultan Shahin. It was a death threat to Shahin, who had written in a national daily, countering Hizbul's call that the war against India was validated by Quran.
For Shahin, it was one of the numerous encounters with extremists. “I invite such people to discuss the differences over tea. I tell them please intimate me before you kill me so that there is no collateral damage,” says Shain, laughingly.
He is serious about sorting out differences though. In 2008, Shahin launched newageislam.com— a website to prompt Muslims to ‘rethink' Islam and challenge the petro-dollar funded Wahabi ideology.
More than one lakh readers visit the site every day and the electronic newsletter reaches out to around 2.5 lakh people.
Earlier this month, Delhi High Court ruled that a Muslim girl could marry as per her choice at the age of 15 if she attained puberty. New Age Islam published articles highlighting two aspects to this judgment: Muslim girl can marry as per her own choice, is a welcome step; allowing the girl to get married at the age of 15 years may not be a good idea.
New Age Islam hosts news articles and columns on a gamut of political and theological issues which hardly find space in the mainstream media and which are seldom debated even among liberal or enlightened Muslims. The idea, says Shahin, is it to provide an alternative to the opinions propagated by clerics who seem to have hijacked Islam.
“Take any contemporary issue regarding Islam. You will find that by and large, the only view point circulated will be that of Mullaas. Why can't an educated person, who has not attended a madrasa and has a private job, speak on behalf of the community? On the website, we allow an open debate on matters. All schools of thought can have their say on,” says Shahin.
"Islam, in the New Age avatar, is pluralistic, inclusive and cohesive. It promotes belief with reasoning."
Recently, New Age Islam hosted debates on the politics around Salman Rushdie's India visit, Madrasas and Right to Education, the practice of female circumcision in Bohra community and Islamophobia. Debates concerning Islam, conducted on different forums across the world also find a place on the site along with articles from Urdu press in India and Pakistan.
On the website, Niyaaz Fatehpuri, editor of Urdu periodical Nigaar is featured as a better personality than Mumbai based televangelist Dr Zakir Naik because the former is considered rational and the latter as someone who promotes Islam's supremacy over other religions.
Roughly, 50 percent of the readers of New Age Islam are based in India. Rest are spread across Pakistan, the Gulf, United States, United Kingdom and Australia.
However, Shahin is aware of the fact a website has its limitations and it may not transform ideologies. “Debates cannot influence people with vested interests. But it can certainly help one who is seeking answers and has an open mind,” he says, referring to the urban Muslim professionals, the majority of whom end up getting exposed to Wahabi literature on the Internet, while seeking alternatives to traditional Islamic practices of their forefathers.
Ironically, Shahin grew up among the very people whom he lambastes now. Son of a Maulvi, Shahin spent his childhood in Aurangabad where he gave tuitions and worked in local Urdu dailies. In 1972 he joined Radiance — the weekly magazine of Jamaat-e-Islami, in Delhi. This was followed by a seven years long stint with the weekly called Asian Times in London where Shahin got exposed to divergent Islamic views prevalent in the West. “That was early 1980s. This preacher called Omar Bakri used to propagate radical Islam. He had a great influence on youth. He was a phenomenon in London at that time. He used to openly recruit youngsters for jihad,” recalls the 60-year-old. “Lately, these radicals have attracted followers in the East."
In 2005, Shahin shifted base to Suriname, South America where his wife Pragya (Yes, she is a Non- Muslim) got posted as Indian cultural attaché. As a house husband, Shahin launched New Age Islam while in Suriname.
The website is run by a team of nine, including Shahin, from a flat in East Delhi's Patparganj area on a shoestring budget.
Before and after the launch of New Age Islam, Shahin has rubbed the fanatics in the wrong way more than once. He says he has received death threats twice on the website in the form of comments. On various occasions, clerics told him the website is his short-cut to hell. Opponents, who are often in majority, have silenced him during various talks and conferences. His lecture in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, was cut short and he drew flak from various quarters. “I was asked to remain quiet if I were to return home. I realise that radicals in India don't open their cards. There is hardly any scope for argument.”
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Randomness and chaos in nature, as it turns out, can be a good thing -- especially when trying to harvest energy from the movements of everyday activities.
Duke University engineers believe they have come up with the theoretical underpinning that could lead to the development of energy harvesting devices that are not only more versatile than those in use today, but should be able to wring out more electricity from the motions of life.
Energy harvesting is the process of converting one form of energy, such as motion, into another form of energy, in this case electricity. Typically, energy harvesters make use of a piezoelectric material, which is usually a human-made laminate that produces small amounts of electricity when stressed or strained.
However, current energy harvesting devices have been unable to efficiently make this energy conversion because the devices can only be "tuned" to a single frequency, or size of vibration. These so-called "linear" devices work well, for example, if the wind blows at a constant predetermined speed or a person walks at a steady pace. "We know that in the real world, however, there can be so many variables that a traditional linear harvester would only be able to take advantage of a very limited frequency," said Benjamin Owens, a graduate student working in the laboratory of senior researcher Brian Mann, associate professor of mechanical engineering and materials science at Duke's Pratt School of Engineering.
The results of the team's research were published online on the journal Physica D: Nonlinear Phenomena. The researchers are supported by Army Research Office and the Office of Naval Research.
Mann said that linear energy harvesters will always work well in a laboratory setting, for example, since variables can be tightly controlled. He said that the mathematics involved in designing and measuring the efficiency of energy harvesters in a controlled environment is relatively straightforward and well understood by scientists. Until now, the traditional formulas and equations used in designing linear devices have been unable to be applied to the wide variety of frequencies encountered in real life. The Duke engineers reworked the principles commonly used for linear devices to take into account a greater range of frequencies, which would make such "nonlinear" devices able to harvest more energy.
"This nonlinear approach offers significant improvements in electricity production, sometimes on the order of one magnitude," Mann said. "Our approach for studying energy harvester performances provides a simplified method for design and analysis of nonlinear systems."
The researchers used magnets to simulate nonlinearity in a cantilever model made of a piezoelectric material, which has unique property of releasing energy every time it is bent. By changing the orientation of the magnet, the researchers were able to "tune" the bending of the arm, and thus the production of electricity, over a broader spectrum of frequencies.
"These results suggest to us that this nonlinear approach could harvest more of the frequencies from the same ambient vibrations," Mann said. "More importantly, being able to capture more of the bandwidth would make it more likely that these types of devices would have practical uses in real world. These nonlinear systems are self-sustaining, so they are ideal for any electrical device that needs batteries or is in a location difficult to access."
For example, the motion of walking could provide enough electricity to power a cell phone or an implanted device, such as a pacemaker or cardiac defibrillator. Mann is investigating whether such nonlinear devices could power sensors on buoys by extracting electricity from the motions of waves. On a larger scale, Mann said that a series of nonlinear devices working together could generate enough electricity to power even larger devices.
Samuel Stanton, who graduated last year, was an important member of the research team and is a co-author of the paper.
WordPress 3 Persistent Script Injection
November 20, 2014
Contents:
Overview
A security flaw in WordPress 3 allows injection of JavaScript into certain text fields. In particular, the problem affects comment boxes on WordPress posts and pages. These don't require authentication by default.
The JavaScript injected into a comment is executed when the target user views it, either on a blog post, a page, or in the Comments section of the administrative Dashboard.
In the most obvious scenario the attacker leaves a comment containing the JavaScript and some links in order to put the comment in the moderation queue. The exploit is not then visible to normal users, search engines, etc.
When a blog administrator goes to the Dashboard/Comments section to review new comments, the JavaScript gets executed. The script can then perform operations with administrator privileges.
For instance, our PoC exploits first clean up traces of the injected script from the database, then perform other administrative tasks such as changing the current user's password, adding a new administrator account, or using the plugin editor to write attacker-supplied PHP code on the server (this impact applies to any WordPress XSS if triggered by an administrator).
These operations happen in the background without the user seeing anything out of ordinary.
If the attacker writes new PHP code on the server via the plugin editor, another AJAX request can be used to execute it instantaneously, whereby the attacker gains operating system level access on the server.
The exploit will NOT be triggered directly at the Dashboard "root view" because only snippets (20 first words) of the latest comments are shown there with all HTML stripped.
If approved there, the exploit will be triggered by any user viewing the targeted blog posting or page, with their corresponding privileges.
Plugins that let unprivileged users to enter HTML text may offer other attack vectors.
Details
WordPress allows a few HTML tags in comments, such as the anchor <A>, bold <B>, and code <CODE> tags. Certain white-listed attributes are allowed in each tag. Obviously, the "href" attribute is important for anchor tags, but e.g. the "onmouseover" attribute would be undesirable.
The problem occurs in a text formatting function called wptexturize() which is normally executed for each comment and other blocks of text. The function replaces certain simple characters with fancier HTML entities. For instance, straight quote symbols are replaced with opening and closing curly quotes, unicode 8220 and 8221.
In order to avoid interfering with HTML formatting, wptexturize() first splits the text in segments. The splitting is expected to pick HTML tags (which aren't texturized) apart from running text (which is texturized).
In addition to HTML tags, the code is supposed to recognize square-bracketed shortcodes such as [CODE] and avoid texturizing them.
The splitting is implemented with a regular expression in wp-includes/formatting.php:
$textarr = preg_split('/(<.*>|\[.*\])/Us', $text, -1, PREG_SPLIT_DELIM_CAPTURE);
A text containing carefully mixed square and angle brackets confuses the splitting process and results in HTML code getting partially texturized.
An attacker can exploit the bug to supply any attributes in the allowed HTML tags. A style attribute can be used to create a transparent tag covering the whole window, forcing the execution of its onmouseover handler.
In practical applications the script would probably first remove the transparent tag to avoid interfering with UI events and re-triggering the handler. It could then insert a new <SCRIPT> tag to load a more complex JavaScript file to execute from another web server. This script can use e.g. jQuery to chain AJAX operations for posting HTML forms and retrieving the required nonces.
Affected versions
We tested a few WordPress versions from 3.0 to the latest 3.9.2. All tested versions were vulnerable. The problem seems to have gone uncorrected for almost four years. As of September 2014, about 90% of all WordPress sites were running a vulnerable version. On November 20, the percentage is down to about 86%.
Version 4.0 uses a different kind of regular expression and is NOT vulnerable to this problem.
Workarounds
Texturizing can be easily disabled by adding a return statement in the beginning of the function in wp-includes/formatting.php:
function wptexturize($text) { return $text; // ADD THIS LINE global $wp_cockneyreplace;
This changes how some punctuation marks look like but the difference is quite minor.
We have also made a WordPress plugin available for disabling texturization. For more information see https://klikki.fi/unquote/. There are also existing plugins available that allow disabling texturization, but our approach may be more complete in some cases.
The preferred solution should still be applying the official patch.
Vendor response
WordPress was notified on September 26 and has released patches correcting the problem. At the moment of writing they have been deployed as automatic updates to WordPress users. The advisory is available here.
Credits
The vulnerability was discovered and researched by Jouko Pynnonen, Klikki Oy, Finland.
A less technical press release is available here.
Update December 1, 2014: a proof of concept exploit published.
Update January 31, 2015: another 0-day with a similar impact to be released soon. Vendor notified on November 7.
Update April 25, 2015: exploit attempts in the wild
HE played an iconic role in one of the biggest movie franchises of all time.
Jake Lloyd had the world at his feet and should have been the envy of every child in the world after playing Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars: Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace when he was eight.
Instead, the Star Wars actor quit the film industry after his childhood was turned into a "living hell".
The 22-year-old became so haunted by the movie growing up he vowed never to act again and has stayed true to his word.
"Other children were really mean to me," he said.
"They would make the sound of the light saber every time they saw me. It was totally mad."
Lloyd recalls how busy his young life became and at one point he was doing around 60 interviews a day.
"My entire school life was really a living hell - and I had to do up to 60 interviews a day."
Lloyd felt so much anger towards the George Lucas-directed film that he destroyed all of his Star Wars memorabilia, and only reprised his role as Anakin for five video games.
The youngster decided to take early retirement from acting as he was no longer able to fit in at school.
"I've learned to hate it when the cameras are pointed at me," he told a magazine.
Lloyd, whose mother is an entertainment agent, admitted in an interview with Scifitv.com that he doesn't like watching the film anymore and he blames George Lucas for that.
"When you have something like that there are a lot of expectations for it to meet the standards of the public and I don't think George did that.
"For me to go back and watch it now would be kind of creepy."
Originally published as 'Star Wars made my life a living hell'
BEIJING, China — Factories in China's manufacturing heartland are feeling the squeeze again, with minimum wages in Guangdong province set to rise by as much as 20 percent on Jan. 1 for the second time in less than a year.
And while one Chinese province's minimum wage might seem like a local issue, the salary question underlines a continuing momentum in China toward building higher-end business and better jobs.
In other words, the days of endless, cheap Chinese labor are limited. What that means for consumers in the United States and elsewhere is simple: Things are going to cost more, soon.
“I think there's quite a good argument now that the global race to the bottom has been concluded,” said Geoffrey Crothall of the China Labour Bulletin, a Hong Kong-based labor-rights group. “There's nowhere else to go.”
Related: Is China's bubble bursting?
The Pearl River Delta is no longer a cheap place to produce, but it does have established supply chains, factories and infrastructure. Companies that want to produce ultra-low-cost products are moving inland in China, or to poorer countries like Bangladesh and Cambodia. Yet there's nothing on the horizon to replace the cheap China model of the 1990s and 2000s.
“You might find cheaper workers outside of China, but you'll never find the scale of labor force that you can find in China,” Crothall said.
New data has showed a significant slowdown in manufacturing in China.
Analysts have warned that the trend will continue, which could be worrisome for government officials concerned with keeping up employment numbers. Still, China remains intent on producing goods higher up the value chain and is forcing the issue.
In Guangdong, where thousands of smaller factories have been driven out of business in recent years by higher costs, factory owners are protesting the newest planned mandatory wage hike. Yet labor groups say the move is necessary for workers to keep up with fast-paced inflation and move toward the government's ultimate goal – transitioning away from low-end manufacturing.
Factory bosses say they understand the government's desire to move toward higher-end production, but it can't be forced, overnight. Several manufacturing associations based in Hong Kong have protested this latest wage rise to the Guangdong government, saying it's too much, too fast.
Stanley Lau, deputy head of the Federation of Hong Kong Industries, said business groups need a transition period. He said companies want to invest in better automation, research and development, but it takes time.”
“You need resources,” he said. “I cannot just do factory upgrading through talking.”
Meanwhile, small business owners in the Pearl River Delta say rising costs, and not just for paying wages, are pushing them to the brink.
“What else can we do? We have to play by the new rules,” Wu Keshu of the Hongtai Ceramics factory in Chaozhou said in a telephone interview. “We have no innovative ways to react.”
Related: Wenzhou, warning sign for China's economy
“We just have to adapt to this eventually by raising prices,” said Wu. “We are seeing some decrease in business but not much.”
For decades, Guangdong province and China's Pearl River Delta have been at the heart of China's economic rise. And while larger manufacturers and state-owned companies have contributed greatly to the boom, smaller and medium-sized private firms have also helped propel China to become the world's second-largest economy.
As wages, raw material costs and other costs rise, those smaller businesses say they're being cut out of the mix.
Lau said at the current rate, he expects 30 percent of factories in Guangdong to reduce production or close down this year, in the wake of a minimum wage increase last year. Another 18-20 percent pay rise would decimate the industry.
But Crothall is less than sympathetic, noting that although China's inflation rate has slowed somewhat, China's workers still need more to get by.
Related: US Ambassador presses China on forced-abortion opponent
“I think for this kind of labor-intensive export-oriented small- and medium-sized enterprises, their time is on the wane in Guangdong,” said Crothall. “It's going to be a process of survival of the fittest there.”
LG announced today the first smartphone with a dual-core chip, the Optimus 2X. Dual-core phones, which pack more processing power than the current single-core models, are expected to be a major trend for cell phones in 2011.
The Optimus 2X's 1GHz processor, Nvidia's Tegra 2 chip, enables features like HDMI mirroring, which lets you duplicate whatever's on the phone's 4-inch WVGA display, including games, at full HD resolution on an external screen. It's also said to provide smoother Web browsing and allow multitasking of applications with virtually no screen lag.
"Dual-core technology is the next leap forward in mobile technology so this is no small achievement to be the first to offer a smartphone utilizing this technology," Jong-seok Park, CEO LG Electronics Mobile, said in a statement. "With unique features such as HDMI mirroring and exceptional graphics performance, the LG Optimus 2X is proof of LG's commitment to high-end smartphones in 2011."
LG's dual-core announcement is the first in what will probably be the first in a long-line of dual-core mobile devices from several manufacturers. Earlier this month Texas Instruments released detailed specs about its 1.5GHz dual-core chip, the OMAP4440. In addition, the CEO of RIM said last week that its PlayBook tablet would be the first in what would likely be a line of multi-core devices, including smartphones.
The Optimus 2X has onboard memory of 8GB, though a microSD card slot will let you add up to 32GB more. A forward-facing camera makes the phone friendly to video calls, and the rear camera will capture images up to 8 megapixels. Like the iPhone 4, the Optimus is equipped with an accelerometer and gyroscope for motion-controlled gaming. he phone will ship with Android 2.2 ("Froyo"), upgradeable to 2.3 ("Gingerbread").
The phone will launch in Korea in January, with Europe and other parts of Asia "to follow." It's unknown whether the phone will ever be released in the U.S.
We've discussed and shared a lot of different aspects of meditation and how to work with the mind on this site.
One topic that we haven't strayed into is how working with one's mind can not only affect the quality of one's life and the lives of those around us, but also how the stability that we can find in learning to meditate can also help us when we or our loved ones approach the transition of life into death.
The Latin words memento mori—“remember death” or “remember that you must die”—were used in ancient Rome and in medieval times to remind the people of the imminence of death and the uncertainty as to its hour or circumstances. It was also believed to have been used in Rome during parades for Roman generals celebrating victories or triumphs in battle. Walking behind the victorious general would be his slave, who was given the task of reminding the general that, although he was celebrating his victory, at any moment he could be brought down by defeat. The slave would shout the words, “Memento mori!”
Remembering death, and being present with the end of life may be the ultimate test of the stability of one's mind. Whether it's the death of another or our own death, how our mind is during the process of dying is of utmost importance. If we're attending to another's death, then we owe it to that person to be present and to attend solely to their process. If we're experiencing our own death and we haven't worked with our own mind, the challenges that we face and the obstacles that prevent us from dying a good death may be many. Therefore, we owe it to ourselves to create stability and peace within our minds, if not for the sake of those who we care for who are dying, then for ourselves and our dying process.
Having witnessed thousands of deaths—good and bad, expected and unexpected—and having seen how the quality of mind at the time of death affects the dying process, I can imagine nothing of greater importance than learning to attend to our mind when we are in the presence of someone who is dying or when it is our time to die. How a person dies and the quality of presence and the presence of mind of a caretaker affect not only the individual who is dying but all those around the dying person, as well.
Mind is the forerunner of all experience, and I can think of no experience more demanding of a mind well trained in meditation and compassion than the experience of dying.
The time spent contemplating and studying impermanence prepares us to accept that the body dies. It's just a natural consequence of being alive. While you are alive, it is important to learn how to live in such a way that you can be at ease with whatever happens. When dying, it's important to learn how to die in a way that is not so burdened by anxiety, fear or pain—to learn how to die without dread.[i]
– Chokyi Nyima Rinpoche, from Medicine and Compassion—A Tibetan Lama's Guidance for Caregivers
While the path from practicing meditation to practicing meditation on death may not appear clear, it is quite logical. After all, if we can't learn to meditate under the duress of, say, an argument with a peer or loved one, how can we imagine practicing while attending to death of a peer or loved one?
Two different circumstances you say? Indeed, but what we tend to forget is the reminder of momento mori; death is certain and – for all we know – may be imminent? Since there are no guarantees that we won't meet our demise…tomorrow(?!!), it may behoove us to begin practicing with our mind…today!!
Is this post a bummer? Is the subject of working with our mind around the topic of death unbecoming? Why? The historical Buddha wrote: “Of all the footprints, that of the elephant is supreme. Similarly, of all mindfulness meditation, that on death is supreme.” Think about this when you take this exercise into your practice.Why would meditating on death be supreme? How can the meditation on death bring us more in touch with our daily life?
Share your comments. Let me and others know what happens when you use this “supreme” method of meditation. And, as always, please feel free to contact me if you'd like to see additional content or other discussions on this site.
For more information on how to meditate, exercises in working with the breath, and other nifty stuff, please see the Related Posts below. Also, don't forget to download the free ebook, Can Meditation Change the Way that You View Your World?, for help with getting started in you meditation practice.
[i] Rinpoche, Chokyi Nyima, Shlim, David R. Medicine and Compassion—A Tibetan Lama's Guidance for Caregivers. Boston: Wisdom Publications, 2004, pg. 145.
Be Sociable, Share!
Related posts
The most stubborn smokers in the country, Maori women, are calling for easier access to e-cigarettes to help them quit their habit.
Sophie Strickland has been off the ciggies for four months after being a smoker for 22 years.
She has joined a support group where women use e-cigarettes which legally can't be sold in New Zealand.
The devices vaporise a nicotine solution that's inhaled.
The mother-of-eight says it's a relief to be rid of tobacco.
"It's the last thing you think about before you go to sleep and it's the first thing you think about before you get up," Ms Strickland said.
She's backing calls from public health experts like Massey University's Dr Marewa Glover to fully legalise e-cigarettes.
"If we can get people switching to vaping we can start saving Maori lives and reduce disease among Maori," Dr Glover said.
Even after years of quit smoking campaigns and increasing taxes, more than 40 per cent of Maori women smoke.
Goel Ganga
real estate
Wadgaon Budruk.
Om Prakash Bakoria
Atul Goyal
A letter posted by a Right To Information (RTI) activist on a social networking site on Wednesday has exposed the alleged unethical practices by theGroup of builders. In the letter, thecompany had requested the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to inform the company if anybody seeks any information about its projects through RTI.However, what has irked RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar is that the real estate developer has also demanded that no information should be shared by the civic body without seeking permission from the company. “This is completely illegal and unethical on the part of the developer to write such a letter to the civic authorities. Through this letter, the nexus between the builders and the PMC has been exposed,” said Kumbhar, adding that PMC should keep information about all projects online, but is not doing that.According to the letter, the developer had mentioned about two of his projects and stated that if somebody comes to seek any information through RTI, Goel Ganga Group should be informed first and without the developer's permission, no information should be divulged to the RTI applicant. On its part, the PMC has clarified that under Section 8-1-G of the RTI Act, the civic body cannot share any information about any RTI query with the entity or person against whom the application has been received.Kumbhar also alleged that there are instances when the developers are already privy to the RTI queries filed with the civic authorities and, once they know that the RTI has been filed against them, they use threatening tactics against the applicant. He claimed to have got a copy of the letter through aperson who had gone to file an RTI application, seeking some information about two projects of the Goel Ganga Developers atApparently, PMC officials had handed over the same letter, which they had received from the developer.PMC's additional commissionersaid, “I have not seen the letter yet. However, we cannot divulge any information about the RTI query and RTI applicant to the person or entity against whom the RTI has been received as it may pose a threat to the applicant.”, the managing director of the Goel Ganga Group, was not reachable despite several attempts. He did not even reply to the messages sent by this reporter.
Lexus
Lexus just released the first teaser photo for a new model set to debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit in just a few weeks.
Lexus
From the looks of the closely cropped teaser photo, the so-called F Performance Coupe appears to be based on the automaker's IS sedan, largely sharing its styling. The photo also reveals a slight hood bulge, into which is inset what appears to be a functional hood scoop.
We expect that the rest of the body will also receive a round of "more aggressive and sporty" updates -- not that the 2014 IS 350 F-Sport's already overly-aggressive fascia needs any help.
The automaker says that the new model will have "Half the doors, twice the roar," presumably compared with the 2014 IS sedan, indicating that it will be a coupe and a powerful one. Just how powerful remains to be seen, as no engine specs were released with the image.
Will this be a 416-horsepower, 5.0L V-8-powered challenger to the M3, the C36 AMG, and their ilk that will arrive wearing an IS-F nameplate? Or will it use a slightly hotter version of the IS 350 F-Sport's 3.5L V-6?
Keep an eye on our coverage of the 2014 Detroit auto show for more details as they emerge.
Virginia's demographic evolution has transformed it from a bastion of Old South conservatism into a more culturally and ideologically diverse midatlantic swing state. When in 2008 Barack Obama became the first Democrat since LBJ to carry the state, his winning margin was 6 points -- identical to the national spread, and clear evidence of Virginia's emergence as a premier presidential battleground.
So it makes sense that President Obama will spend the next two days in the state, formally kicking off his reelection campaigning in Richmond on Saturday, just as it makes sense that Mitt Romney spent the last two days in the state. What's revealing, though, is the company Romney was forced to keep.
Advertisement:
In the highest-profile event of his Old Dominion swing, Romney was joined on Thursday by Bob McDonnell, the state's governor, and Michele Bachmann, his one-time GOP foe. His alliance with both of them speaks to some serious general election obstacles that Romney faces in Virginia and in swing states across the country.
Start with McDonnell. The governor's poll numbers aren't exactly awful right now, but they're headed in the wrong direction thanks to the polarizing, far-right legislation he's pushed this year. McDonnell is probably best known now for his advocacy of a bill to force women to undergo an invasive, medically unnecessary transvaginal ultrasound before receiving an abortion. After fierce protests, the bill was modified to give women the option of a less invasive, equally medically unnecessary abdominal ultrasound and signed into law by the governor, who also recently did away with his state's one- per-month restriction on handgun purchases.
This makes teaming up with McDonnell tricky for Romney. Overall, McDonnell's approval rating is still decent, but Romney faces a particular challenge with female voters, who are more likely to be offended by McDonnell and his agenda.
A new Washington Post poll tells the story. In 2008, Obama beat John McCain in Virginia by 6 points, with virtually no gender gap; Obama's margin was 7 points with women and 4 with men. In the new poll, Obama's lead over Romney is 7 points – but now there's a massive gender gap: The president now leads among women by 18 points. To make Virginia red again, Romney needs to chip away at this number, a task that is complicated by a partnership with McDonnell. This may be more true outside Virginia, where Romney also faces a gender gap and where McDonnell is less well-known and exists only as a symbol of the GOP's “war on women.”
Then there's Bachmann. Romney had no choice but to share the stage with her on Thursday. The Minnesota congresswoman represents a particular type of Republican voter that remained intensely resistant to Romney through the GOP primaries, even as he became the inevitable nominee: evangelical Christians. Romney badly needs them to turn out in droves this fall, so if Bachmann – or any other highly visible Christian conservative – decides she's ready to endorse him, Romney is hardly in a position to say no.
The problem, of course, is that the culture war issues that matter most to Bachmann and the Christian right can be a serious turn-off to swing voters. So any time Romney is seen with Bachmann or any other prominent Christian conservative, he risks reminding voters he'll badly need in November of what they like least about the Republican Party.
Advertisement:
The problem goes beyond optics, too. Substantively, Romney is under intense pressure to keep the Bachmann crowd happy, and not to arouse their suspicions that he isn't really one of them, and that he's just been faking his conservatism to win the GOP nomination. This could force him to take positions and actions between now and Election Day that will unsettle the rest of the electorate. In that sense, the departure this week of an openly gay Romney staffer – who quit the campaign when it wouldn't back him in the face of protests from the Christian right – could be a preview of what's to come for the next six month.
Romney still has a few things for himself -- most notably a lousy economy that continues to stoke widespread anxiety. The Romney campaign's bet is that this will be enough to convince swing voters to change presidents, something Romney reinforced with his promise at a Virginia event on Thursday to simply do “the opposite” of what Obama has done. Obama's strategy is more nuanced and context-dependent, asking voters to measure not just what he's done and what he stands for, but also what the Republican Party stands for and how it has behaved. In this quest, Republicans like Bob McDonnell and Michele Bachmann are his allies.
USA Today chided Texas for “lax” concealed carry laws after the Sutherland Springs church shooting but the attacker, Devin Kelley, was denied such a permit.
Governor Greg Abbott (R) says the attacker was denied a Texas concealed carry permit.
USA Today criticized Texas concealed carry laws nonetheless. They pointed to the reduced fees for a permit, effective this year, whereby the price dropped from $14o to $40. The paper reported that a portion of the concealed carry safety course can be done online and that possession of a permit lets the holder carry openly or concealed.
The flagship Gannett Company outlet added, “The open carry law allows licensed gun owners to carry their weapons in most public spaces.”
None of these laws have anything to do with Sunday's incident, as the attacker was denied a Texas carry permit. In fact, the purpose behind the lower cost and online simplicity of a permit application is to lessen the burdensome process for self-defense.
The USA Today column quotes a 2013 American Journal of Public Health which says that “states with higher rates of gun ownership had disproportionately large numbers of deaths from firearm-related homicides.” This overlooks recent work by LaGrange College professor John A. Tures, who cross-examined various figures on gun crime and found that homicide rates are not markedly different for states with gun control for private sales versus states without.
On October 27, 2017, the Ledger-Enquirer reported that Tures was initially persuaded that “the average gun-related homicide rate per 100,000 people among gun control states (3.31) was lower than those with no regulation of private gun sales (4.28).” Then he realized that an error exists in the way figures from certain states were tallied in certain studies. “Two gun control states, and nine gun rights states, had too few gun homicides to calculate a rate, and were left out of the study.” Tures and his students created an extra table to compile the figures originally left out and the result was “little to no difference” between states with relaxed or stricter gun laws.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Quote:
Originally Posted by
Yeah, am on Kwoktopus' build of 7.1.
Now, I am by no means a pro in all this tinkering of Android at all but here are the instructions that worked for me.
So basically,
1) go to http://www.apkmirror.com/apk/google-...-apk-download/
2) install on your Android 7.1 ROM/Device
3) download the zip file provided by [email protected]
4) using a root explorer go to /data/app/com.breel.geswallpapers-1/lib/ then create a folder that says "arm"
5) extract the zip file and move the .so file to /data/app/com.breel.geswallpapers-1/lib/arm/
6) go to Settings, Apps, Live Earth Wallpapers > Force Stop.
7) go to homescreen and longpress to change wallpapers and select the live earth wallpapers installed.
8) profit! watch your battery die while not being able to stop locking and unlocking your phone.
Oh, and as [email protected] said "Your World" doesn't work and the Horizon one looks wonky for me as well.
An upcoming documentary featuring legendary filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki has released its first trailer.
The world-renowned Japanese animation director who co-founded Studio Ghibli in 1985 rose to international fame for his critically-acclaimed, box-office hits “My Neighbour Totoro” and “Spirited Away”.
Titled “Never Ending Man: Hayao Miyazaki”, the docu-film follows the director's recent projects over the last few years, reports Vice.
The film covers his surprise retirement announcement in 2013, when he announced that he has become “a weak, used up old man,” as well as his mesmerizing comeback which sees him finally embracing computer animation late in his career.
The program documents how Miyazaki while being inspired by the new medium, wrestles with the use of CGI in his movies. The 76-year-old filmmaker has used traditional animation throughout his career, although parts of “Princess Mononoke” was painted digitally in order to meet release deadlines.
While the same technique would similarly be used for subsequent films, Miyazaki later went back to traditional hand-drawn animation for “Ponyo” and the rest of his newer movies, saying “hand drawing on paper is the fundamental of animation.”
Made over the course of two years, the film documented Miyazaki's “struggle with his life's true purpose” during the period.
The film is set to be shown on Japanese TV on June 3 and 4. A wider release outside of Japan has not been made known at the time of this writing.
It has been reported that the broadcast station KBS has ruled f(x)'s title track “Red Light,” from their upcoming third album of the same name, to be unfit for broadcast, while MBC revealed they will come to a decision within this week.
The reason for KBS's ruling is that the lyrics of “Red Light” mention a specific brand: heavy equipment manufacturing company known as Caterpillar.
In response to this, the group's agency, SM Entertainment, explained, “We plan to modify the problematic lyrics and request a reconsideration so that it does not impact their broadcast activities.”
Additionally, on July 2, an MBC representative stated, “We received the audio and music video for f(x)'s title song ‘Red Light.' Because we review [songs] on a weekly basis, ineligibility for broadcast has not yet been decided. After deliberating, we will decide within this week.”
Meanwhile, f(x) will be releasing their third album “Red Light” on July 7, which will be their first comeback after one year, since “Pink Tape,” released in July of last year.
If he could peel off several dozen moderate Democrats in the House and a handful in the Senate, he could neutralize the far right's naysaying and give moderate Republicans a chance to vote for measures with broad, bipartisan support.
If Mr. Trump does turn to Democrats, how should they respond?
“Hell, no” will most likely be the first response. Under pressure from their base, congressional leaders are dug in for years of unremitting resistance. They've even issued orders to Democrats on tax-writing committees not to produce a reform blueprint of their own, lest they be tempted to talk turkey with the White House.
All this is understandable, given the ugly and dishonest campaign Mr. Trump waged and what most Democrats still regard as his obvious unfitness for the office he now holds. Yet hold it he does — and if he's willing to make real concessions to their party's core values and priorities, pragmatic Democrats should hear him out.
Unlike depriving millions of Americans of health insurance, revamping America's outdated tax code and modernizing our run-down infrastructure are progressive causes Democrats should be for. And unlike Republicans, whose ideological rigidity and strident partisanship often border on nihilism, Democrats still hew to the quaint notion that the people elected them to solve problems, not prevent them from being solved. McConnellism is not in the party's DNA.
But if moderate Democrats are disposed to cooperate with the deal-maker in chief, they ought to exact a high price. On tax reform, for example, they should insist that Mr. Trump deliver tax relief to the middle class, not the wealthy, and that he jettison Mr. Ryan's proposed border-adjustment tax, which would hit consumers and business with big price hikes. The administration needs to find better ways to pay for a sharp reduction in the corporate tax rate. Democrats don't have to love big business to recognize that our antiquated tax system forces companies to pay much higher taxes than their overseas competitors. That makes American workers less competitive and gives our companies incentives to move investment abroad — and keep profits there — to avoid the higher rate.
Compassion is one of our most positive human instincts, and we parents have an abundance of it for our kids. There's almost nothing most of us wouldn't do to ease our children's pain, prevent struggles, and clear away confusion. We just want to make life work for them.
So, it was a big “Ah-ha” for me when I discovered through my training with child specialist Magda Gerber that our well-meaning support can often be less helpful than we intend it to be. In fact, it might even undermine our goal of raising self-confident, resilient, motivated kids.
For example, what might have been gained or lost by helping this two year old?
If you're like me, you wanted to help him. You really did. (And he wasn't even remotely frustrated!) But by doing so, he would have been deprived of the invaluable gift of discovery; the opportunity to practice tenacity, focus, persistence, patience; the chance to own his accomplishment and learn “I can do it!”
Our patience and restraint are a challenge, but they allow for golden opportunities. And we can still help by using these “helpful” hints:
1. Always, always, always respond to a request for help.
2. Be mindful that the way we respond matters. Observe and think before acting.
3. The definition of “help” is not “fix it”:
Help is paying attention . When children ask our help, we might reply, “Sure, I'll help! What are you doing?” More often than not, all the help children need is for us to be quietly available.
. When children ask our help, we might reply, “Sure, I'll help! What are you doing?” More often than not, all the help children need is for us to be quietly available. Help is supporting our children when they express frustration by acknowledging , “Whew, that's a tough one. You are working hard and making progress.”
, “Whew, that's a tough one. You are working hard and making progress.” Help is calming ourselves rather than cluttering our child's experience with our own worries, anxiety, and doubt.
rather than cluttering our child's experience with our own worries, anxiety, and doubt. Help is maintaining a positive, accepting attitude toward struggles (after all, life is chock full of them!) so that they are normalized for our child.
(after all, life is chock full of them!) so that they are normalized for our child. Help is losing our focus on results , which means taking our eye off the prize and remaining right where our child is in the process.
, which means taking our eye off the prize and remaining right where our child is in the process. Help is trusting our children to leave self-chosen tasks unfinished and perhaps return to them later or not, as they wish.
and perhaps return to them later or not, as they wish. Help is offering minimal suggestions and then, only if frustration builds, offering the slightest bit of assistance. Helping as minimally as possible allows children full ownership of their success, whether at that moment or at some later time.
Rather than give the message, “When you are in trouble, you scream and I rescue you,” we would like to convey the feeling, “I think you can handle it, but if not, I am here.” – Magda Gerber, Dear Parent: Caring for Infants With Respect
(Inspiring video and lovely photo by Karen Lewis Dalton!)
I share more about this respectful approach in
Elevating Child Care: A Guide to Respectful Parenting
League of Legends has 116 characters. That's nearly as many as a tweet. And while Riot don't think they're close to their limit yet, those champions do bring their share of attendant problems – not least 116 “deeply disconnected” backstories and a ‘metaverse' that simply fails to intersect at nearly enough points. The developers are now at work reframing Runeterra as a “single, coherent world” – but they acknowledge they've a big hole to write themselves out of.
“We have 116 characters and [we're] suffering from the Marvel effect,” said systems designer Alexander ‘Xelnath' Brazie in response to an open letter from a disillusioned fan. “A lot of them were created in a time where we didn't think about the implications of their story upon the world of Runeterra.”
Runeterra was originally to be simply a “point of convergence” for the separate worlds of these individual characters.
“However, as we've matured, we've realized the deeply disconnected issues trying to control a ‘metaverse' can bring,” explained Brazie. “So we are trying to reframe our understanding of Runeterra as a single, coherent world.
“This means a lot of work you guys haven't had the chance to appreciate yet. It's not a simple problem, but I feel like our new characters have a richer place in the universe now. I would love to see our stories move forward – but first we have to understand who they are.”
As do we all. What can you draw from that fairly cryptic conclusion? And which characters' bootstraps do you feel Riot need to pull on first?
Thanks, Reign of Gaming.
A Statement by the Asian Human Rights Commission on the Occasion of the International Day in Support of Victims of Torture, June 26, 2011
Torture in custody is a serious problem affecting the rule of law in Pakistan. It is used as the most common means by which to obtain confessional statements and also for extracting bribes. Torture in custody has become endemic and on many occasions the police and members of the armed forces have demonstrated torture in open place to create fear in the general public.
The absence of proper complaint centres and no particular law to criminalise torture makes the menace of torture widespread. The torture cases have to be reported to the police, therefore the police, being the main perpetrators of torture refuse to register the cases. This is the main reason why official data about the cases of torture is not available.
As yet, there has been no serious effort by the government to make torture a crime in the country. Rather, the state provides impunity to the perpetrators who are mostly either policemen or members of the armed forces. Furthermore, there is no means for the protection of witnesses. This discourages victims from making complaints. While international jurisprudence on the issue has evolved into very high standards, the situation in Pakistan resembles the Stone Age. Domestic jurisprudence concerning the use of torture is underdeveloped in Pakistan. The appreciation to exercise the right, as envisaged under Article 14 (2) of the Constitution, has thus far been minimal. To make matters worse, in claims against torture, victims bear the burden of proof, and there are no independent investigating agencies that are empowered to inquire into a complaint against torture.
In spite of the prohibition of torture in the Constitution, the Pakistani Army is running detention and torture cells in almost every city in the country. A report, by the Asian Human Rights Commission has identified 52 such detention centres run by the military where people who were arrested and disappeared are kept incommunicado and tortured for several months to extract the confessions. As of now there are no independent investigation procedures in Pakistan to investigate cases of torture. In addition, there is an alarming level of insensitivity among legal professionals, including the judiciary, regarding torture in Pakistan.
The Asian Human Rights Commission has documented evidence that the Pakistan Air Force and also the Pakistan Navy are also running detention and torture cells in private houses inside their headquarters compounds.
It is believed that the main reason for the recent attacks on the armed forces headquarters is the existence of these torture cells. In the attack on the Naval base in Karachi which took place in May the intention of the attackers was to release the prisoners held in the base's torture cells. This particular torture cell was created to hold prisoners which had been sent into the country for interrogation by foreign forces with the collusion of the Pakistan military and government.
Pakistan refuses to legislate against torture
Pakistan has ratified the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT) in June 2010, but immediately after its signing the government has shown its reservations on almost all important articles of the UN Convention against Torture (CAT), which provides protection against torture by the state. The government has conveyed reservations on Articles 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 13, 28, and 30. Inexplicably, these reservations are coming from a government whose president himself has been tortured in custody because of the absence of anti-torture law.
The government has shown its reluctance to make torture a criminal offence in its laws. Article 4 says that 1) each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law. The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person, which constitutes complicity or participation in torture. 2) Each State Party shall make these offences punishable by appropriate penalties, which take into account their grave nature.
Having reservations against this is an explicit demonstration of the denial of the protection from torture to people by the government through law.
The domestic jurisprudence concerning the use of torture is underdeveloped in Pakistan. The appreciation to exercise the right, as envisaged under Article 14 (2) of the Constitution, has thus far been minimal. To make matters further worse, in a claim against torture, the victims have the burden of proof, and there are no independent investigating agencies that are empowered to inquire on a complaint against torture.
The AHRC in conjunction with the Karachi Union of Journalists has drafted a bill against torture and it was supported by many civil society organisations in 2010. Several members of the Assemblies and ministers have committed themselves to work towards this bill however, after the passing of one year no response have been seen by the legislators and government.
Physical remand in police custody-a legal way of torture
The Pakistani judiciary and government have adopted a legal way of torture in custody through the method of physical remand in police custody. According to law the judicial magistrate can grant up to 15 days in police custody for further investigation of the case. This method is commonly practiced by the magistrates which provides a way to the police to complete its investigation and the easiest way is to torture the person. The law general known as police remand was introduced in the end of 19th century by colonial powers to get more confessional statement through torture and police brutal way of investigations. This law is continued which gives legal way to police and law enforcement authorities to get confessional statements through physical torture. Police torture is a colonial legacy, and red chili spray was one of the favorite tools by the police then, which used to extract confessions from the accused by applying this method. In fact, it's a ready technique, still popular
The main source of torture in South Asia and particularly in Pakistan is the physical remand in custody. According to law the magistrate has to ask from the accused person whether he/she went through the torture in custody but this practice is generally not followed.
The poor training of the police force is one reason for the perpetuation of the use of torture in custody. Because of the lack of awareness and training, investigation officers do not use the basic tools that can help point the investigation in the correct direction. They resort to outdated techniques, which leads to inefficient, slow or even unlawful proceedings. The claim that there is no need to change century-old ‘traditions' thus helps the perpetuation of mistakes and abuses, such as torture. There is therefore a great need for better training, awareness-raising and equipping of Pakistani police forces in order to put an end to human rights abuses. A large and thorough reform of the policing system must be implemented
On compensation:
According to the existing legal framework in Pakistan, a claim for compensation for an act of torture could be settled under the Shari'ah law, an opportunity often subject to absolute misuse in the country. Under the existing circumstances in the country, this procedure often benefits the perpetrator. Often the terms of the compensation are decided by the perpetrator, given the fact that in Pakistan, the law-enforcement officers enjoy a higher degree of authority in the society. By far, the courts in the country have been avoiding dealing with the question of torture. This undermines the possibility of using the civilian court proceedings to obtain compensation, as often the compensation proceedings also require a police report substantiating a claim against torture.
The magnitude of the problem:
It is in the day-to-day work of the lower judiciary that this underdevelopment is mostly visible. One example is the practice of the lower court judges allowing remand custody of the detainees with ease while it is clear that anyone detained will be subjected to torture in Pakistan. The courts even fails to make use of the little space available in the Criminal Procedure Code of Pakistan, where a judge could demand a reason from the investigating agency for demanding the custody of an accused than transferring the accused into judicial custody.
According to research for gauging the total number of police tortures during the last five years in Lahore, capital of Punjab province, alone, 16.42 percent of youth aged between 15 to 19, 25.38 percent adults aged between 20 to 24 and 18.9 percent of adults aged between 25 to 29 years, were tortured by the police, during the period of research. Similarly, 18.62 percent of detainees were subjected to some sort of mechanical torture, including all forms of violence, besides domestic violence and blunt-tools were most commonly used. A similar study on prisons has further noted with concern that 91.54 percent of detained men and 8.46 percent detained women were victims of physical torture by the police therein. Moreover, 12.14 percent of detained women were subjected to psychological torture by the police. Because of their socio-economical helplessness, labor community, followed by the business community, was an easy prey of the police. It was also pointed out that body parts most frequently targeted for battering included buttocks, foot soles, back, front and back of thighs, palms and wrists. The most common tool used to inflict severe pain is the cane-stick and a broad flat leather slipper (dipped in mustard oil to inflict maximum pain) more commonly known as Chhithar.
This full-sized fury is a big symbol of fear for the many. Actually, the post-9/11 scenario is embroiled with a situation marred with violence & torture and the violation of public rights in war against terror is not an uncommon phenomenon. The developed nations of the world have incorporated various institutional methods for safeguarding public rights and their media is also playing an important role in upholding this check. Western media gives importance to societal issues like public rights and no government agency can dare to flout it. However unlike them, protection of public rights was not given any priority by the past governments in Pakistan. And, it's a welcome step that Shahbaz Sharif government is going to introduce sufficient checks to remove public complaints against the gubernatorial police. Actually, lawyers' movement has given impetus to the issue of rule of law and now the democratic regime should develop necessary paraphernalia to implement this manifest desire of the nation. This situation requires immediate steps-both administrative as well as political, to put some institutional check and balance in it. http://www.pakspectator.com/police-torture-culture-in-pakistan/
The judiciary is also desensitized to the menace of torture and its impact on the very people the government and the judiciary are meant to protect. According to the laws of Pakistan the courts should inquire of the prisoners brought before them as to whether they have been tortured or not but this practice is generally ignored by the courts and particularly the lower judiciary. This is particularly so in cases where the prisoner has been held incommunicado for months or even longer. When the prisoners testify that they have been tortured while in custody the courts ignore the testimony and no action is taken. This provides legal impunity to the perpetrators of torture.
In the cases of habeas corpus it is generally found that the courts do not go beyond the production of the prisoners or the denial of the authorities that they have illegally held the prisoner. The courts use the excuse that the purpose of the hearing was to produce the prisoner, not to go into detail about the mistreatment they have suffered.
There is therefore a strong need for the sensitization of the judiciary on the subject of torture. It is also observed that legislators are the least interested party in making a law against torture. They have consistently refused to make the law against torture.
Following are some reports and videos of torture in custody which are documented. The victims can not report the torture because the ultimately police have to investigate the cases. Therefore victims are scared to go through another way of torture by reporting it.
On this occasion of the International Day in Support of Victims or Torture the Asian Human Rights Commission calls on the government of Pakistan to heed the calls for the legislation of an effective law against torture and to ensure that once this law is propagated that it will be vigorously enforced. The government must respect the obligation it undertook when it ratified the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention against Torture.
For further information please see the links for the video presentations below.
Video clippings about torture in custody
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xaodvt_video-shows-pakistan-army-abuse_news army officers torturing in open place
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul7gERJR-Aw&feature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-U8s6C3lhQ0&feature=related police torture young men in before masses
http://www.youtube.com/verify_age?next_url=http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3Dg12_bZ9dWDI%26feature%3Drelated
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MrJu5jL_yQ&feature=related police torture in open place
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9Ouy4zyfaI a media person was tortured in police station
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9Ouy4zyfaI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAfyAKpHz9U&feature=related women are beaten
She's known for her classic sartorial tone during her day-to-day life.
But for the November cover of Harper's Bazaar Germany, the 24-year-old pop princess swapped her normal preppy look for something edgier.
With her luscious locks styled into a razor-sharp bob, the American star upped the glam factor dressed in a black sheer blouse, which was embellished with crystals, and eye-catching diamond earrings.
Scroll down for video
Breathtaking! Taylor Swift sizzles on the November cover of Harper's Bazaar Germany
She accentuated her pretty facial features with peachy pink lipstick and smoky eyewear, while covering her slender frame in a voluminous coat.
In another shot, Taylor looked breathtaking in a fitted black number, with zipped cut-out straps.
Meanwhile, the American beauty is set to travel to Sydney for her performance on the Australian X Factor grand finale.
On Sunday, Taylor performed her latest track on the UK version of the show much to the delight of her fans.
So chic! With her luscious locks styled into a razor-sharp bob, the American star coverered her slender framed in a voluminous coat
Edgy: Accentuating her pretty facial features with peachy pink lipstick and smoky eyewear, the pop star looked stylish in a fitted black number, with zipped cut-out sleeves
Her new album 1989, named for the year in which she was born, will be released towards the end of October and for the last few days, she has been hinting at lyrics for songs from the album.
Taylor posted a photo of her performing on the night saying: 'Casually shaking it off on X Factor. Shout out to all of the fantastic dancers who were phenomenal up there and looked hella good in tuxes.'
She tweeted this on Tuesday: 'For the next 13 days leading up to 1989, I'll be posting one lyric from each of the 13 tracks each day. #1989'
The singer started posting photos to Instagram this week with the lyrics, and on Friday she wrote: ‘One night, he wakes Strange look on his face Pauses, then says “You're my best friend.” And you know what is been. He is in love'.
Taylor's highly-anticipated fifth studio album, 1989, is set for release on Monday, October 27.
'I could dance to this beat forevermore': She's teasing lyrics to all 13 songs from the album for the next 13 days
Looking ahead to their playoff matchup, the Philadelphia Flyers played the Washington Capitals four times this season, splitting the series
The Philadelphia Flyers face a tall task in their first round matchup with the Washington Capitals. It wouldn't be hard to make the case that the Caps are the best team in the NHL. They have the league's best goal scorer in Alex Ovechkin, two great centers in Nicklas Backstrom and Evgeni Kuznetsov, a solid defense, and an outstanding goalie.
Despite all these assets, when the Flyers played the Caps during the regular season it was no mismatch. The two teams split the regular season series, and every game was hard fought. Here, we'll run over all four games, and see what they can tell us what to watch for this playoff series starting Thursday night.
8 years ago
WASHINGTON (CNN) – More than a dozen Republican senators announced Thursday they would push for a constitutional amendment requiring Congress to pass an annual balanced budget.
"It's an historic day for the Republican Party. We all agree on something," Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, joked, as he spoke about the proposed amendment that has the support of all 47 Republican senators.
"A balanced budget amendment will make us do here what everybody has to do at home," Graham said during a news conference on Capitol Hill.
Previous attempts to pass a balanced budget amendment have failed, but backers hope they'll fare better this year because of public concern over growing deficits.
The press conference was originally scheduled for earlier in March, but was postponed when Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, decided to push for a unanimous Republican front for the amendment.
The amendment would require a balanced budget, a two-thirds majority to raise taxes, and three-fifths to increase the debt limit. Additionally, the proposal would limit government spending to 18% of GDP, which is below the average of 21 percent over the last 41 years, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal-leaning think tank.
The Republican proposal does allow for exceptions to a balanced budget in times of war or military conflicts, but does not allow for an exception in times of economic crisis. Critics argue that would mean it would be more difficult to pass a stimulus program during a recession.
"It is about the most irresponsible action imaginable," said Norman Ornstein, a resident scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. "It would virtually ensure that an economic downturn would end up as a deep depression, by erasing any real ability of the government to pursue countercyclical fiscal policies and in fact demanding the opposite, at the worst possible time.”
The hurdles for adopting a constitutional amendment are high. Two-thirds of the House and Senate must vote in favor of an amendment and then at least 38 states must ratify it.
The constitution has only been amended 27 times, most recently in 1992.
CNN's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report.
Back in the carefree days of 2012, a young boy named Mitt Romney dreamed of a world where a rich guy could be president, and he actually tried moderately hard to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately, his campaign was beset by various scandals that seem utterly adorable today, like when he suggested defunding PBS so he could save the tiny, tiny, tiny amount of money that the government spends on public broadcasting every year. People got outraged that he was trying to kill Big Bird and the other folks on Sesame Street, and then Romney lost the presidency.
Now, though, we've got an even more out-of-touch idiot in the White House, and he's once again suggesting that gutting PBS would be a good way to make up some of the money he's planning to spend on stupid bullshit (walls, bombs, tape for his neckties) over the next four years. Unfortunately for Trump, it turns out that nobody thinks that's a good idea. According to a joint study conducted by Republicans at American Viewpoint and Democrats at Hart Research Associates (via The Hollywood Reporter), 73 percent of American voters don't support cutting funds to PBS. The results are a little different if you split it by party lines, but still 62 percent of Republicans and 83 percent of Democrats don't want PBS to lose funding.
Advertisement
That makes this the first time in months that the majority of U.S. voters have agreed on something, with the last time being when the majority of U.S. voters cast their ballots in favor of Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, there's no way to tell if this will actually convince Trump not to gut PBS, the National Endowment For The Arts, or the National Endowment For The Humanities, but even he probably has no idea what he's going to do on any given day.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Activision Blizzard, Inc. on Friday completed its multibillion dollar share buyback from parent company Vivendi, one day after a high court cleared the way for the transaction to happen. The deal was originally announced in July and halted in September after multiple shareholders filed lawsuits against the company.
The previously announced deal includes the acquisition of approximately 429 million company shares and certain tax attributes from Vivendi for about $5.83 billion.
The deal also includes the purchase of approximately 172 million shares from Vivendi for $2.34 billion in cash in a separate transaction from an investment group--ASAC II LP--led by Activision CEO Bobby Kotick and chairman Brian Kelly
This investment group--which also includes Tencent, Davis Advisors, Leonard Green & Partners, L.P.--now owns around 24.7 percent of the company. Vivendi has retained 83 million shares, worth an approximate 12 percent stake in the company, while the majority of the remaining 690 million shares will be owned by the public.
"With the completion of this transaction we open a new chapter in the history of Activision Blizzard," Kotick said in a statement. "We expect immediate shareholder benefits in the form of earnings-per-share accretion and strategic and operational independence. Our audiences and our incredibly talented employees around the world will benefit from a focused commitment to the creation of great games. Our shareholders and debt holders will have the benefit of an energized, invested, deeply committed management team focused on generating long-term, superior returns, and effectively managing our capital structure."
America's clueless, self-interested elites are terrified.
Today on the Diane Rehm Show they're talking about What Constitutes Dangerous Political Speech And How It Can Incite Violence. Of course they have Donald Trump in mind. They're worried that Trump won't accept the election results if he loses. They're scared of what The Donald might say and do next Tuesday night.
Let's be clear about one thing—Donald Trump will not go gently into the night if he loses. He will not disappear like Mitt Romney did in 2012. Every single thing we know about Trump tells us that he will do everything he can to stay in the limelight. There's no such thing as bad publicity for Donald Trump. So anything is possible in that regard next week and in the weeks thereafter should he lose.
If America is on the brink of political catastrophe sooner (next week) rather than later, it is because our political and economic elites (of both parties) screwed so many Americans for so long that they made Donald Trump possible. I am not going to document today their corruption, malfeasance and negligence as I have repeatedly done in the past. It is enough to know and remember that our ruling elites have only themselves to blame for creating the situation they fear so much.
And it is over-the-top outrageous that the Democrats have repeatedly cast themselves as the champions of women, black people, brown people, gays and anybody else who is not a straight white man. The obvious problem is that all those non-white people have also been royally screwed by Democrats for decades now. Obama repeatedly screwed them, and now they're overwhelmingly for Hillary. The fact that all these groups have unquestioningly accepted this bullshit at face value is outrageous too because political expediency, not action, bought their loyalty.
In Flatland anything is possible as long as the rules of Human Nature are not violated.
What a mess.
SANDY — Super Fly Paragliding has helped hundreds of people take to the skies, but very few have done so in a wheelchair.
Reese Thorne is the rare exception. The 9-year-old has cerebral palsy, and he communicates with the world through facial expressions and a touch-screen computer.
But being in a wheelchair doesn't stop Reese from swimming, horseback riding, playing baseball, and yes, even paragliding.
On Saturday afternoon, Reese had the opportunity to paraglide at the Point of the Mountain.
For his mom Carla, every one of Reese's activities seems like an adventure.
"Sometimes I think people think 'Wow, how can you let him do those things?' " Carla Thorne said. "We know that Reese will probably not live as long as most people's children, and we don't want to have any regrets when it's over."
But paragliding in a wheelchair?
Chris Santacroce, a co-owner of Super Fly, operates one of the few hang-gliding companies in the country that has wheelchair capabilities.
"Specifically, it lets us take people from whatever chair they may be in to our chair," Santacroce said. "We roll 'em out to launch, and we can take them in all sorts of conditions."
We know that Reese will probably not live as long as most people's children, and we don't want to have any regrets when it's over. –Carla Thorne, Reese's mom
Now Reese's classmates want to paraglide too.
"But there's just one problem," said classmate Delaney Dunleavy of Meadowbrook Elementary School. "I'm afraid of heights."
"He inspires me to help other people," Dunleavy said, "because, even if they don't look like us or talk, they're still a normal person."
×
Photos
Related Links
Related Stories
Major Annual Latin American Bitcoin Conference – LaBITconf will take place in Mexico City on December 4-5, 2015. The great part of the conferences and panels here will be held in Spanish with simultaneous translations, so it's a very important source of information for Bitcoin enthusiasts and entrepreneurs in Latin America and beyond.
Jose Rodriguez, Executive member of the organizational committee LaBitConf Mexico, who is also a key member of the Mexican Bitcoin Community and Vice President of Payments at Bitso, with Pablo Gonzalez, CEO of Bitso, gave an exclusive interview to Cointelegraph and told about the development of Mexican market.
CT: How difficult is it to promote Bitcoin and the Blockchain in Mexico? Which problems do these technologies face in the country?
Jose Rodriguez: The first barrier is language, although many Mexicans speak English, most don't, and the majority of the information, conferences, news and documents were in english. It is great that in the last year more news sites got a Spanish version. Then you face the usual, lack of confidence in the system, bad reputation due to negative news, and tech, accessibility and financial barriers for new users, Bitcoin still needs to be more user friendly for newcomers.
CT: And how does the Mexican government treat Bitcoin and the Blockchain? Are banks friendly to those innovations?
Pablo Gonzalez: In terms of banks, it depends. Some banks are very friendly to Bitcoin, some aren't. However, compliance departments are a completely different story as they will not approve Bitcoin activity until there is regulatory clarity.
Mexico has a handful of very innovative and forward-thinking banks, and they are dying to begin exploring uses for Bitcoin & Blockchain technology. Even then, they are tied up by the burdensome processes inherent to these massive institutions. Most innovation in Mexico will happen outside the banking system.
CT: Do you have some established contacts with markets in other countries?
Jose Rodriguez: We have been working and collaborating with companies in other countries, exchanging experiences and ideas. The most interesting markets for our business is where Mexico has more business relation, USA. There is a huge opportunity in remittance and international payments, we are working hard to create more and better options using Bitcoin technology.
CT: What are Bitso future plans?
Jose Rodriguez: We announced a partnership with BitPay in October to settle their transactions in Mexico and help collaborate to develop the local market.
The Broncos' season is over, but the defending Super Bowl champs did end their 2016 campaign with a 24-6 victory over the division rival Raiders. And perhaps the most memorable moment from the game took place after the whistle, on the sidelines, when Aqib Talib snatched Michael Crabtree's gold chain right off his neck.
No, really.
ICYMI: #Broncos CB Aqib Talib broke Michael Crabtree's chain necklace, then laughed about it: https://t.co/lb4gi5g4agpic.twitter.com/gftimX02G7 — Jon Heath (@JonHeathNFL) January 1, 2017
Talib's postgame explanation?
"He has just been wearing that gold chain all year; it's just been growing on me," Talib explained. "I said if he wears that chain in front of me, I'm going to snatch it off. He wore it in front of me, so I had to snatch it off. He started crying to the ref. He didn't say anything to me though."
Aqib Talib: "I told him if he wears that chain in front of me I'm gonna snatched it off him." #Broncospic.twitter.com/D0b7onr5ho — Ryan Greene (@RGreene5280) January 2, 2017
Not surprisingly, Crabtree wasn't impressed with Talib's antics though he admits there wasn't much he could do about it at the time.
"The refs are talking to me like I was playing dirty," Crabtree said, via CSNBayArea.com. "A guy snatches my chain. He's hitting me after the play. But, if I react, they'll kick me out of the game.
"It was too much. You see the dude and what he's doing in front of me. What do you want me to do? I can't react, or they kick me out of the game and I'm the bad guy. I made a business decision for my team."
Crabtree says he literally wanted to smack Talib.
"I looked like I wanted to hit him ... I'm not even that type of dude," the Raiders' wide receiver continued. "I play football. I don't get up in anybody's space doing all that extra cut blocking. I could've cut him. I could've hurt him, but I'm playing football. I don't like that man. ...
"I really don't like No. 21, though. I think he's fake. ... You aren't tough. You aren't defending anybody up like that. You're acting. You're snatching chains up on the field. What do you accomplish? Are you hard? Are you tough? Does that make you tough? You're snatching chains in front of the police and take off running. That was childish man."
Crabtree can take solace in knowing that the Broncos' are done. Unfortunately, with Derek Carr done for the season, the Raiders' days appear numbered too.
L.A. rapper ScHoolboy Q is back as a better class of criminal on his third album.
A lot has changed since we last heard a new ScHoolboy Q album.
Q's last album, the hit-filled Oxymoron, was released early in 2014, at the cusp of TDE's worldwide takeover as Q and his crew of Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock, Ab-Soul, and SZA (Isaiah wasn't signed yet) were beginning to solidify themselves as heavyweights in their respective lanes. Kendrick's conceptual good kid, m.a.a.d city had already established him as rap's most promising prospect, while Jay Rock's spadefuls of tough street rap lyricism had his fans anxiously waiting for an album that wouldnt release until almost two years later, 90059. Ab-Soul and SZA both released records that year that, while both good, failed to push them out of the shadow of their label-mates. ScHoolboy Q was recognised as the charmisatic party animal, the ravenous drug addict, the ruthless ex-gangsta, and the family man. He was recognised as the oxymoron.
The tensions between each aspect of the rapper's personality has been a major theme in his music for years now – Habits & Contradictions and Oxymoron both wrestled with the plagues of a lifestyle stretched thin, and how hard it was to keep each of the opposite extremities of his psyche separated. He best demonstrated this with the gloomy, vulnerable and personal as Prescription, an emotional track about Q struggling with a crippling drug addiction and the anxiety and stress that came with it, being bundled with a hype trap banger about slinging crack.
But, like I said, a lot has changed since 2014.
ScHoolboy Q isn't the same man he once was – he's lost a lot of weight, kicked his addictions (excluding weed) and, through the rise of Snapchat, become recognised as both a social media icon and one of the funniest celebrities to date.
It also appears that his mantra towards life has changed. Where his last two albums seemed nestled in the plagues of a multi-faceted life, his latest effort presents a new demeanour and ultimately new outlook on life: the “Blank Face“. He no longer frustratedly snarls with resent at his internal conflicts, but instead embraces each aspect of himself and seems to be resigned to ‘the way things are'. It's almost as if Q has grown tired of distinguishing between who he is, or which ‘face' he's putting on – it's a concept that didn't entirely click with me until the album's title track, where Anderson .Paak croons over guitar licks and a thick bassline “be what you wanna be as long as you get the money right”, before Q raps about a past of crippin' and a present of worshipping his daughter.
The South Central native released Blank Face LP last Friday, finally disseminating the work he's been slowly crafting in his home studio for the past few years, that fans have been anticipating since it's announcement by Top Dawg Entertainment founder, Anthony Tiffith, at the end of February 2016. Fans got the first taste of Blank Face on April 5th, when Q dropped the menacing lead single, Groovy Tony along with a music video; a first-person account of a demented night in a junkyard filled with stacked corpses and crashed cars engulfed in flame. The following single, THat Part, was released on May 13th, containing a first time collaboration with Saint Pablo himself. It actually turns out to be an album standout in the context of the record – it's just a fun, crowd-pleaser track with huge replay value and a lyrically awful but insanely enjoyable and memorable Ye feature. The visual for THat Part dropped on June 2nd, featuring Kanye galavanting through an erie home with rooms dimly illuminated in blood-red lighting – a music video that would ultimately go on to reflect the overall vibe of the album.
Dead inverted bare trees limbs hang over a masked Q, encompassed by ominous orange cloudy skyscape. The creepy album art alone sets the dark and sinister mood strung throughout Blank Face. The production on the album stays consistently murky, abrasive, densely layered and wonderfully composed throughout it's runtime. Gloomy riffs ripple under Q and Anderson .Paak vocals over jazzy horns on this act's opener, TorcH. .Paak‘s raspy delivery flows melodically with this dark beat, and blends well with the dark production provided by Nez & Rio (Man of the Year). The highlight in this tracks production is on the hook, .Paak releases an intense delivery while Q‘s vocals resonate in sporadic patterns underneath hollow drums while a muffled down-pitched voice runs parallel with .Paak.
Kno Ya Wrong serves as a perfect representation of why ScHoolboy is closely associated with the term “groovy.” Heavy-footed bass thumps under rippling chimes and twinkling keys, courtesy of The Alchemist, carry the rapper's laid-back delivery until a mid-song beatswitch introduces Lance Skiiiwalker (who I maintain still just sounds like Jay Rock if he got drunk and sang karaoke) over a warbling new soundscape glossed with glassy electric guitar riffs and a pulsing bassline.
If you're not at least slightly unsettled by the abstruse, shadowy tone of this album by the end of track five, the crackling laughter the introduces Ride Out is sure to suck you into the inky depths of the album. Sounwave‘s hard-hitting, wonky production conjures up imagery of an abandoned carnival illuminated by dusty lights on the bulbs lined across the buildings, with Q and Vince Staples roaming through the streets littered with food crumbs and forgotten change, spitting bars like they're the last words they'll manage before succumbing to the concrete jungle. It's a grimy, ruthless and dark – words that could be described several cuts on the album including the haunting Tookie Knows II, the relentless, heavy stomp of Eddie Kane, and top-down trunk-shaker JoHn Muir.
The album temporarily switches pace on track #7, WHateva You Want, adding a more upbeat vibe compared to the rest of the album, saturated with wavy synths and straight-forward percussion. While this track (in addition to the obnoxious Big Body and the underwhelming Overtime, this album's diet-Studio) seems out of place in the album's tracklist, Tae Beast‘s production and a nice enough Candice Pillay feature help to make an appealing, catchy song that you can expect to in rotation on college campuses and radio waves throughout summer '16. In the context of the track list's sequencing, it's a misstep that ruptures what would have been the incredible one-two-combo of Ride Out and what is potentially the best cut on the album, By Any Means – a track with a bare-bones growl of an instrumental that crunches away beneath Q‘s snarl and a ghostly Kendrick Lamar refrain. Foreboding murmurs rumble underneath a hard-hitting beat, and transitions perfectly into Metro Boomin and Southside produced Dope Dealer which features a comically bad E-40 verse that listeners have claimed sounds like two Obama's arguing with each other.
Blank Face is a heavy album – it's a listen that feels densely layered, and far less accessible than it's hit-stacked predecessor. However, it's weighed down by some unfortunate filler cuts and songs that seem to slightly outstay their welcome, and a concept that could've benefitted from some further exploration.
But alas, it's a different experiment for Q, and a welcome addition to his discography as he continues to learn more about himself as a man and test how far he can push his music.
Written by Dillon McCroskey – Introduction by Harvey Piper-Andrew
ADVERTISEMENT
This month, the Supreme Court may well deliver a fatal blow to ObamaCare in King vs. Burwell, by ruling that the health insurance subsidies handed out through federal exchanges in 36 states are illegal. Many liberals seem to think that the only thing preventing the president's crowning domestic achievement from becoming a rip-roaring success is this largely specious and semantic lawsuit. But here's the thing: ObamaCare is teetering due to its own internal contradictions that have nothing to do with the lawsuit.
ObamaCare's supporters would like everyone to believe that with Healthcare.gov now functioning, everything is just fine and dandy. Contrary to what the conservative press (which I guess would include me) has been saying about the many problems of ObamaCare, Vox's Ezra Klein declared last September that "in the real world, it's working." In February, his fellow Voxland inhabitant Sarah Kliff rattled off eight ways in which the law had proved its critics wrong.
But has it? Not really.
For starters, the exchanges have enrolled about 3 million fewer people than the Congressional Budget Office projected in 2010. And far fewer of the enrollees are from the ranks of the uninsured than hoped. Medicaid enrollment is lower too, for the simple reason that states refused to expand the program.
The core of President Obama's sales pitch to America was that the program, which he called the Affordable Care Act, would "bend the health care cost curve" and save an average family $2,500 on their premiums each year. How would it accomplish this feat? Essentially, he said, by forcing uninsured "free loaders" who show up in the emergency room to obtain free care to either buy (subsidized) coverage on the insurance exchange or sign up for the expanded Medicaid program. The point was that if they had coverage, they'd get cheaper care sooner in a doctor's office rather than more expensive care later in a hospital emergency room.
Things don't seem to be working out that way. ObamaCare is indeed bending the cost curve — but up, not down. There is no better evidence of this than the recent rate filings by insurance companies.
Every year, companies selling coverage through ObamaCare's exchanges have to ask state regulators to approve their premiums for the following year — a practice more appropriate for the Soviet Union than an allegedly free-market economy. And this year, according to several news reports, some are requesting increases of over 50 percent.
In New Mexico, market leader Health Care Service Corp. is asking for an average jump of 51.6 percent in premiums for 2016. The biggest insurer in Tennessee, BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee, has requested an average 36.3 percent increase. In Maryland, market leader CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield wants to raise rates 30.4 percent across its products. Moda Health, the largest insurer on the Oregon health exchange, seeks an average boost of around 25 percent.
Some states are even higher.
No doubt, these are just opening bids that regulators will bargain down. And in some states (such as Michigan, where I live) the hikes are in the high single-digit territory (that this seems like good news is pretty sad in itself). Still, it seems clear, many families are going to end up paying a lot more for their plans than their pockets can stand.
Why is this happening?
There are many reasons: One is that insurers are anticipating the cost of having to absorb pricey drug therapies such as Sovaldi, a new generation cure for Hepatitis C. There is also pent-up demand from the years of economic downturn when people were foregoing care because they couldn't afford the co-pays and deductibles.
But the biggest culprit by far that companies cite is that the exchange population is weighted too heavily toward riskier and older patients with multiple chronic conditions than what is needed to hold rates steady. Washington Examiner's Philip Klein reports that carriers needed 40 percent of their enrollees from the crucial 18-to-34 demographic, but they have only 28 percent.
What's more, these hikes are likely just a prelude to far bigger ones in future years. Why? Because two programs — risk corridor and reinsurance — that were meant to "stabilize" rates in ObamaCare's first few years so that insurers could obtain the right mix of enrollees are set to expire next year. (The risk corridor program slaps a fee on insurance companies that have lower-than-expected medical losses, and compensates those that have more. The reinsurance program imposes a fee on insurance policies and funnels it to insurers with high-risk individuals.) With these programs gone, the challenge of maintaining a balanced risk pool will become even harder.
The expanded Medicaid program is no picture of robust health, either. It has produced no cost-saving decline in emergency room visits, nor has it contributed to hospital profitability, as was hoped.
Three-quarters of ER doctors surveyed in March by the American College of Emergency Physicians said that ER visits to their hospitals had increased in the last year. Why? It could be that many hospitals have shut down (which itself would be a terrible sign), causing those still in business to pick up the slack. But the bigger reason is that Medicaid reimbursement to physicians is so low that they turn away Medicaid patients, consigning them to ERs, just as before.
But that still at least means that hospitals seeing these new Medicaid patients are getting compensated, right?
Yes and no. Their expenses due to uncompensated care have gone down 13 percent since last year, saving them a total of $9 billion. But that doesn't seem to have much to do with ObamaCare. Why? Because that number has declined both in states that opted for a Medicaid expansion and those that didn't, according to a Moody's Investors study. However, hospitals in states that expanded Medicaid also incurred $28 billion in added costs, of which only half was reimbursed — leaving them about $5 billion in the hole. It's possible that the hole would be even bigger without Medicaid (because hospitals would have to swallow more uncompensated care costs) — or it's possible that because the previously uninsured now have coverage, they are even quicker to go to the ER.
So, to recap: ObamaCare has fallen short of its enrollment target, hiked insurance premiums, failed to cut down on ER visits, and flopped in its attempt to improve hospitals' bottom line.
But its real problem is the lawsuit? Maybe treatment for delusions is covered under ObamaCare!
How is it possible that the man responsible for so many of the iconic buildings that make up the New York City skyline, a man credited not only for designing the first art deco skyscraper, but for designing the very first skyscraper, period, is not a household name? Ralph Walker is probably the most overlooked American architect, though the new exhibition, "Ralph Walker: Architect of the Century" seeks to finally give the man his due. Not that Walker wasn't known and respected in his time, but he has since been overshadowed by his contemporaries Raymond Hood, who designed Rockefeller Center and William van Alen, who designed the Chrysler Building.
The free exhibition is held in the lobby of the Walker Tower by appointment only, but it's worth the extra effort to reserve a private walk through. Models of the structures Walker is most famous for dot the room alongside replicas of his sculptural entries to the 1933 Chicago Fair and the 1939 New York World's Fair. His Chicago Fair entry, by the way, was never built because it was deemed too expensive. In fact, Walker spared no expense on any of his projects. "A skyscraper," he said, "is not a building, but a city."
Walker began working as an architect at the dawn of the Machine Age, when steel frame structures extended a building's verticality beyond anything the world had ever seen before. And as construction was remarkably fast, competing firms treated skyscrapers like a veritable space race (half a century prior to the actual one), rushing to reach higher heights than the competition.
Of course, Walker and his firm got there first with the Barclay-Vesey Telephone Building (now the Verizon Building at 140 West Street). It's perhaps most notable for using the 1916 Zoning Resolution to its advantage by implementing setbacks, or tiered sections, a style now commonly associated with art deco architecture, though at that point it was simply known as moderne.
Walker's brand of humanist architecture used form, texture and ornamentation to connect emotionally with pedestrians at street level. He felt that a façade should act like a drape hung over a building. The ziggurat-style setbacks began not just as a way to create texture and break up the form, but to establish his skyscrapers as structures that allowed their occupants to literally take a step back from the street and city life.He also paid close attention to the interior, designing details right down to the fittings for the air vents. For the Irving Bank Trust (now One Wall Street), the most expensive real estate in the city at the time, he worked with renowned mosaic artist Hildreth Meiere, who covered ceilings in opalescent kappa shells and rich red hues. Walker's massive, gilded entryways and lush interiors were very much influenced by the theater and his close friendship with Joseph Urban, the famous set designer. Again, the motto was 'spare no expense.' "A room should lose its walls for your mind's sake," Walker said.
This architectural extravagance was not well received after the depression, which set the stage for the International Style of Mies van der Rohe and Le Corbusier. Walker rejected their preference for glass over steel, but this simpler, streamlined approach was where the world was headed, and Walker, for all his glitz and glamour, began to step back in his role at the firm. Still, he remained active, becoming the President of AIA in 1949, which presented Walker with the Centennial Medal, an award created specially for him in 1957, on AIA's 100th anniversary. The New York Times dubbed him "The Architect of the Century."
That might have been the high point of Walker's career. Three years later, he resigned from the AIA amid controversy surrounding a member of his firm who was accused of stealing another firm's contract. Though he was later cleared of all wrongdoing and reinstated, his wife was committed to a sanatorium. Ten years later, in 1973, Walker shot himself with a silver bullet, only after destroying his AIA award. His original firm still exists under the name HLW International, but as Walker and his wife had no children, all that remains of his great legacy are the buildings he created.
To learn more about Walker and his legacy, check out Kathryn Holliday's book, Ralph Walker: Architect of the Century.
How winners win: John Boyd and the four qualities of victorious organizations
As long as I'm talking about people whose thinking has influenced my own, I should mention another one: John Boyd. Boyd was an Air Force officer who laid out some new and fundamental ideas about how people and organizations behave when in conflict with each other. Discovering Boyd and his ideas helped me better understand a lot of things I had observed in life but could never really explain.
I'm not going to use this space to write a bio of the man, especially since a very good one (Robert Coram's Boyd: The Fighter Pilot Who Changed the Art of War) already exists. What I want to do instead is try to encapsulate a small part of his thinking in language suitable for general audiences; since Boyd was a military man, much of the discussion about his ideas has been conducted inside the defense community, which means it's laden with jargon and acronyms that outsiders can find impenetrable. (And Boyd himself didn't help either; he preferred to present his ideas via in-person briefings rather than writing articles or books, which after he passed meant that his ideas were locked up in decks of slides and notes rather than a single cohesive work. A book written by one of his associates is the closest thing we have to a “Boydism 101.”) Which is a shame, since there's a lot of stuff there that's valuable for anyone to understand.
Let's begin with a fundamental question: when organizations come into conflict, why do the winners win? Or, more precisely, what about them makes them winners?
Boyd, being a warrior, looked at this question through the lens of military history. Throughout history, there have been a few armies that somehow managed to sweep from victory to victory in a seemingly unstoppable fashion, even when confronted with theoretically much stronger opposition: Hannibal's Carthaginians, Genghis Khan's Mongols, Napoleon's Grande Armée, Guderian's panzerkorps. Forces like these could still be brought to bay — sometimes by patient opponents willing to absorb enormous numbers of casualties, other times only by exogenous factors like the Russian winter. But before that happened they all racked up such impressive strings of victories that they reshaped the story of their age.
So, Boyd wondered, was that all just dumb luck? Or is there a common thread that runs through all of them — some element of how they were organized that predisposed them to victory?
Boyd's research led him to believe that such a common element did exist. It could be found in the culture that all these institutions fostered among those who belonged to them. A culture focused on a particular set of essential principles, Boyd believed, would give the organization that followed it an edge when confronting any organization that did not. He called this set of principles the “organizational climate for operational success.”
The most commonly given version of Boyd's presentations on this subject listed four core qualities that, taken together, would create this organizational climate. Boyd used German words to identify each, so I'll do the same here, but with English-language explanations of the idea each one is getting at.
The four qualities are:
Fingerspitzengefühl — “intuitiveness.” Victorious organizations find roles for people that match their talents, and then give them time and opportunity to develop their skills to such a point that they can react to new situations automatically rather than having to consult policies or wait for direction from above. The word fingerspitzengefühl translates literally to “fingertip feeling,” and this gives a sense for the meaning of the term; by the time a baseball pitcher, say, reaches the major leagues, he's thrown so many pitches that he has an intuitive sense for his own strengths and weaknesses and how to apply those against the strengths and weaknesses of each different batter. He doesn't need to pull out a manual to find out which pitch to use against a particular type of batter. He just knows.
Einheit — “unity.” Victorious organizations foster a common outlook among all their participants, from the lowest to the highest; a feeling of “we're all in this together.” This outlook is fostered by participation in common experiences, which help individuals in the organization continue to relate to each other, even as their own individual careers focus on the things necessary to develop their own individual fingerspitzengefühl.
Auftragstaktik — “leadership by contract.” Victorious organizations avoid micromanagement, preferring instead to have leaders define goals and then offer subordinates a defined set of resources and constraints they will have to operate within order to achieve those goals. The subordinate then has the free choice to either take on the package of goals, resources and constraints, or decline to do so if she feels the goals cannot be met with the resources and constraints offered. The leader can then either work with the subordinate to tune the parameters of the project to a point where she can honestly say she can fulfill its requirements, or try to find someone else who can work with a different set of parameters. Hence the phrasing “leadership by contract” — once the two have scoped out the task and the subordinate has said she can get it done within the parameters described, an unwritten contract is in effect between the two; the subordinate's responsibility is now to do what she has promised to do, while the leader's is to ensure that the resources promised are made available and the constraints described don't change.
Schwerpunkt — “the point of decision.” Victorious organizations identify their opponents' biggest weakness, and then focus all their efforts on exploiting that weakness. They do not divert effort to satisfy internal politics, or in an attempt to hedge their bet. They put all their people, money and time behind a single arrow, and launch that arrow with devastating effect at their opposition.
Now, none of these qualities is a discovery unique to Boyd. Boyd's insight lay in seeing that they only lead to success when they are all employed together. You have almost certainly seen this in your own experiences; everyone has seen a group with highly skilled members (lots of fingerspitzengefühl) that nonetheless fails because they waste those peoples' skills on a million unrelated side projects rather than focusing them all on a single clear goal (no schwerpunkt), or a group that is focused on a schwerpunkt but falls apart before arriving there because the people in the group don't trust one another (no einheit).
Even more importantly, this means that while all four qualities have to be fostered to gain Boyd's edge, failure at any one of them can lead to losing it. Think of a startup whose founders and staff, for instance, work together in a big open-plan workspace. Then imagine the founders cash out, and new management comes in, and the first thing they do is set up offices for themselves while everyone else works keeps on working in the open space. By breaking the established social contract in the group, such a move demolishes einheit — suddenly, rather than the team being Us, it becomes Us and Them. Even if the new managers do better fostering the other three qualities than the founders did, it won't matter, because their group's lack of unity will undermine them; the group will destroy itself before its opponents ever need to.
So whether you lead a group or are simply a member of one, Boyd offers a lot to think about regarding your institutional culture. Is it setting you up for success? For victory?
ABOVE: Russia has targeted prominent Canadians with a travel ban even as the Prime Minister is in the Netherlands, urging the G8 to expel Russia from it's ranks. Global's Mike Le Couteur has the story.
LATEST UPDATES:
Russia bans entry to 13 Canadian lawmakers and officials in retaliation for Canadian sanctions
PM Stephen Harper to urge G7 colleagues to go tougher on Vladimir Putin
Canada, the U-S and Europe have all condemned the aggression
Russia completed its annexation of Crimea last week
TORONTO – Russia has banned 13 prominent Canadians entry in retaliation for Canadian-imposed travel bans and economic sanctions on multiple Russian officials over Ukraine.
WATCH: Russia sanctioned MPs will not be deterred by their support for Ukraine
The 13 officials and lawmakers include House leader Peter Van Loan, Commons Speaker Andrew Scheer, and Liberal MP Irwin Cotler.
I see my travel ban from Russia as a badge of honour, not a mark of exclusion. #justice4sergeimagnitsky #cdnpoli #russia — Irwin Cotler (@IrwinCotler) March 24, 2014
I was expelled from the Soviet Union in 1979 — I did not stop fighting for human rights then, nor will I stop now. #cdnpoli — Irwin Cotler (@IrwinCotler) March 24, 2014
The ten other Canadian officials are:
Christine Hogan (assistant secretary to the cabinet)
Wayne G. Wouters (clerk of privy council)
Jean-Francois Tremblay (deputy secretary to the cabinet)
Raynell Andreychuk (Conservative senator). (Editor's note: A previous version incorrectly listed Andreychuk as an independent Liberal senator. This has been corrected).
Dean Allison (chair of the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs and International Development)
Paul Dewar (official opposition critic for Foreign Affairs)
Paul Grod (national president of the Ukrainian Canadian Congress)
Ted Opitz (conservative MP who accompanied Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird to meet with the government of Ukraine early March)
James Bezan (conservative MP who accompanied Baird to meet with the government of Ukraine early March)
Christia Freeland (liberal MP, attended a rally in support of Ukraine March 20)
Sanctions by #Russia will not silence me standing up for #Ukraine. This is a badge of honour for all critics of the #Crimea Invasion — James Bezan (@jamesbezan) March 24, 2014
Love Russ lang/culture, loved my yrs in Moscow; but it's an honour to be on Putin's sanction list, esp in company of friends Cotler & Grod — Chrystia Freeland (@cafreeland) March 24, 2014
The Russians have called the Canadian sanctions unacceptable, and said they have inflicted serious damage on relations between the two countries.
Baird replied to the list with a statement saying Canada and its G7 partners have “spoken with one voice” to condemn Putin's intervention in Ukraine.
“Canadian officials named today by Russia aren't oligarchs or threatening to annex parts of peaceful neighbours by military force. We find today's announcement concerning,” said Baird, who added Canada will continue to cooperate with G7 partners and other allies.
Thomas Mulcair: Canada is right to stand up to Putin
Ukraine government orders troop pullout from Crimea, annexed by Russia
Ukraine is ordering its troops out of Crimea as Russian troops consolidate control over the annexed peninsula.
Russian forces have been systematically seizing Ukrainian ships and military installations — including a naval base near an eastern Crimean port.
Two wounded servicemen were taken captive Monday.
Harper to urge G7 colleagues to go tougher on Vladimir Putin
Stephen Harper is expected to urge Russia's expulsion from the G8 for its aggression in the Crimean Peninsula during an emergency G7 summit Monday.
READ MORE: Harper to urge G7 to go tougher on Putin
The prime minister is the only G7 leader who's personally witnessed the devastation in Kyiv and spoken face-to-face with Ukraine's new leadership.
He'll give a first-hand account of what he saw and heard in Ukraine over the weekend when he meets his G7 colleagues at the Dutch prime minister's official residence in this pristine European capital.
John Baird:Russian-imposed travel bans on Canadian officials are “a badge of honour”
Russia completed its annexation of Crimea last week
Russia completed its annexation of Crimea last week, after its troops took control over the Ukrainian region following the ouster of a Kremlin-friendly government in Kyiv.
Moscow says its absorption of Crimea has been rendered legitimate by a referendum held earlier this month in which the bulk of voters in the peninsula approved the move, but the process has come under sustained criticism from the international community.
The West has levelled a raft of sanctions against Russia for its moves in Crimea that have been hailed by some, but criticized as not going far enough by others.
Thank you for showing me a deep, eternal truth about myself: I'm better than you are. I'm a better human and a better man.
I'm grateful.
I sometimes feel really low and vulnerable; a mere meat-puppet, a commodity. Like there's little more to me than a well-placed “eeyup” to prove my dimention or relevance. I'm shit, is what I think sometimes. In showing me that that's all I'm worth to you, you've proven to me that I still believe I'm more than that. In your exploitation of my indignity you've single handedly reminded me that dignity and self-worth remain strong voices in my inner life. And that these things are my strength. You've reminded me I'm strong. So: thanks.
I remember you, you know. I'd been drinking, I'll admit, so it's vague. I'd also just been working for thirteen hours so it was feeling nice to be cutting loose. You were in black I think, but honestly it could have been any colour. I remember zipping up my pants and turning from the urinal and seeing you there, standing in an awkward place in the room, too far from the sinks or towel dispensers. You were facing me. It flashed across my mind that maybe you'd just taken a picture of me while I'd been peeing or something, but I dismissed it as fast as I thought it. Who would dare be so base; so low and disrespectful; so childish? No one, surely. My imagination, I decided. I think we nodded at one another. You pretended to dry your hands. Or maybe you were putting away the camera and I simply substituted what I expected to see. Doesn't matter: I washed my hands and left the room. I'd forgotten you entirely by the time I got back into the panel.
If I'd known how much you'd impact me later I'd have instead kicked your balls right out of your mouth and tied them to a pipe while I flushed your camera down the shitter as you watched. I'm so glad I didn't though. Partly because of my position on violence, and I'd hate to be inconsistent, but mostly because there were so many great lessons to learn in the wake of your cheap voyeurism.
See it's not the picture itself. As creepshots go it's pretty terrible. I'm not in yoga shorts. You can't see my dick. I'm not really even all that attractive, I don't think, so I'm not sure who would want to see it. My pants are sagging pretty unfortunately down my butt, and my posture is a disgrace. So again I'm pleased with the dual lesson here to straighten up and save up for some new clothes. Rather, it's the very act of having taken it. I'd simply never have done the same to you. I hope they write “proud sneaker of pics in men's rooms” on your tombstone, because it won't be on mine, and that's proof enough that I'm better than you are. Thank you.
I also want to thank you, and your “friend” (I assume he and you are the same guy?), for my lesson in assertiveness. Do you ever walk away from a situation and think to yourself, “THAT'S what I should have said!” Me too. But not this time! Your indiscretion was so vile that the right words came swimming to my lips like siren song to a sailor's doom. You- I mean your “friend” – showed me the picture and asked your inane question and without even thinking I said, “That's shitty,” and, “Tell your friend he's an asshole,” both of which are incontrovertible truths, and being a fantastic exit line. And the real glee here is that the elevator gaped for me as if on cue and I left your “friend” speechless and wilting like the gormless hap he (read: you), apparently is. Anytime I think back on the situation I replay it exactly as it happened, it was that perfect for me. The only way it could have been better was if it had never happened at all, but as you know, you made that unlikely. So again: Confidence boosted.
Ego, too, though I wonder here if you lost a bit of foresight with the lesson you were trying to teach me. My ego is healthy enough. Some might say too healthy. Alas, you taught me that I'm so important to you that it's worth owning a picture of me urinating. And more than that, I'm so important and meaningful to you that you felt like all your 4chan friends would be impressed by you because you got to be near me in a bathroom while I had my cock in my hand. And some of them are impressed, too! Wowzers. So many people impressed that celebrities piss too! I want to congratulate you and all your – I'm sorry I'm not up on the lingo for what to call loathsome 4chan anons; I've heard “losers” but I was pretty sure “nitwits…' I'm going with: dickwits: ego boosted, though like I say, I don't know if it needed it. In any case. It's a win for you.
Lastly, I want to thank you for violating me. And it was a violation. Totally. I know because I feel embarrassed, hurt, angry, confused, like it's my fault, and all of the things someone usually feels when they've been assaulted. I'm grateful because it opened my eyes to the inequality within me. See it never even occurred to me to call the police because I'm a man. It wasn't until it was pointed out to me later that if you had creeped on any of the women the way you creeped on me, the first thing would have been to call the police. And it's thanks to you that I'm ready to do that next time. Also it's thanks to you that I'll be taking stricter precautions: no more going to the same toilets as fans. Or perhaps I'll have bathrooms cleared for me and guarded while I'm in them. And maybe I should go all out and insist on cons having a police presence.Or I may just cancel all further appearances. I'm considering it all, thanks to you.
I never thought I'd be that person at Brony cons. Bronies have always been so good to me. So thank you most of all for making realize that a gentle, warm, welcoming, tolerant, and beautiful community I have adored for years is actually a thing I should fear. Suspicion is the lesson here. Because you could be anyone.
I hope you're proud of yourself.
The moon — that cold, gray outpost that NASA last visited 45 years ago — is hot again.
The vice president says so. So do Elon Musk and Jeffrey P. Bezos. And as the Trump administration sets its sights on the lunar surface, a growing number of companies say they are ready for the challenge.
The latest is Bigelow Aerospace, the Las Vegas-based maker of inflatable space habitats. In an announcement Tuesday, the company that it is hoping to send one of its space stations to lunar orbit by 2022 in partnership with the United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
Bigelow, run by multimillionaire Robert Bigelow, the founder of Budget Suites of America, has spent hundreds of millions of dollars developing space habitats made from Kevlar-like material that are inflated once in space. One of its smaller habitats, known as the BEAM, is currently attached to the International Station, where it's been tested for months.
Now Bigelow Aerospace proposes sending a much larger version, known as the B330, into orbit around the moon. If NASA goes for it, the $2.3 billion mission would go something like this:
The habitat would launch on ULA's Vulcan rocket into low Earth orbit, where it would stay for a period of months, receiving supplies and cargo, while it underwent testing to make sure everything was working properly.
Then a space tug would ferry it from Earth orbit to lunar orbit, where it would essentially become a space station for the moon.
In laying out his plan during an interview Tuesday, Bigelow said he was well aware of the political and industry implications in such a mission. The Trump administration is looking for a first-term coup, and, he said, this “can actually be done within one administration.”
NASA also needs a destination for the Space Launch System and Orion spacecraft it has been developing for years and at great expense, he said.
Furthermore, his plan could involve different sectors of the growing space industry — which the Trump administration has said it wants to help foster. While the ULA would launch the B330, Musk's SpaceX could resupply it while in Earth orbit, Bigelow said.
Bezos's Blue Origin has said it is developing a lunar lander that could ferry supplies to the surface of the moon. Bezos, who owns The Washington Post, has said “it's time to go back to the moon — this time to stay.”
And during a recent speech, Musk said “it's 2017. We should have a lunar base by now. What the hell has been going on?”
Other companies are interested as well. Moon Express says it plans on sending a lunar lander to the moon by next year. Astrobotic and Masten Space Systems are also working with NASA to develop vehicles that could touch down on the surface of the moon.
And during a recent speech, Vice President Pence vowed to “return American astronauts to the moon, not only to leave behind footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond.”
All of which adds up to a growing momentum for a return to the moon since Gene Cernan became the last man to walk on the lunar surface in 1972.
“We don't want to see another 45 years go by,” Bigelow said. “Something needs to happen.”
The question now is, will NASA go for it?
It didn't say for sure, but offered this statement in response:
"NASA is excited to see continued global interest in moving human exploration farther into the solar system. A sustainable crew presence in deep space will require the best of NASA, our international partners and the private sector."
The things that have publicly transpired between Game Developer Hideo Kojima and his former employer, Konami is going to go down as one of the strangest and most significant sagas in gaming history. From Kojima's very public departure to being blocked from attending the 2015 Game Awards and reports of being “locked in a separate room” during Metal Gear Solid V's development, there's been no shortage of raised eyebrows.
Despite all that, Hideo Kojima remains grateful to Konami for everything, as his time there has shaped him into the person he is today. In speaking with Toyokeizai (via Kotaku), Kojima said: “What I'm grateful [to] Konami for is that when I proposed something I wanted to make, they let me make it.”
“Conversely, I wasn't bound by them saying, ‘You need to do it like this,'” he continued.
Kojima also described the project pitch process to the higher ups at Konami saying that all he had to do was a submit a proposal, give estimates on a development timeline and numbers on the amount of staff needed and he would be approved. To be fair, Kojima also earned that kind of seniority with incredible success dating back to 1987 with the original Metal Gear.
Now, Hideo Kojima is hard at work on the much-anticipated Death Stranding with his new studio Kojima Productions. There's still no word on a release date, but it is apparently so avant-garde that it can't be explained.
Source: [Toyokeizai via Kotaku]
When some random police commissioner in NH makes a racist remark about Obama it's national news for days.
Via Breitbart:
Democratic Nassau County, NY Legislator Ellen Birnbaum has caught heat from fellow lawmakers after she allegedly said, “This is a bad neighborhood because African-Americans live there. Very few people would want to go there.” Those remarks were in reference to an area near the Yes We Can Community Center in New Cassel, NY.
According to News 12 Long Island, three staffers overheard Birnbaum make the comment, but she has refused to step down despite intense pressure. Even though one resident told Birnbaum “the 12,000 African Americans who live in New Cassel no longer have the trust or confidence in you or any vote you render in this legislature,” at a public meeting, Birnbaum said she “would welcome the chance to rebuild and regain the trust I have lost in people.” Birnbaum has also been kicked out of her party's caucus and lost her committee assignments.
A study released last week suggesting that the world may have more time to keep warming under 1.5 degrees C than previously thought is being twisted by deniers to question scientific proceedings and accuracy.
Politico reported Monday morning that powerful deniers are focusing on misinterpretations of the study to support efforts to roll back climate policy and question climate science at large (as our own Denier Roundup predicted last week).
The study represents "exactly the type of debate discussion scientists need to be having," Heartland Institute President Tim Huelskamp told Politico. "This article proved that there can be a lot of debate about the fundamental issues."
The study's authors pushed back against denier misuse of their findings. In an op-ed in the Guardian last week, they wrote that "after reasonably accurate initial reporting, suddenly our paper was about a downgrading of the threat of climate change, when it was actually nothing of the kind.
"Debating the current level of human-induced warming and how it relates to the 1.5° C goal feels a bit like discussing how best to steer a spacecraft into orbit around Saturn while Delingpole [James, Breitbart] and Stringer [Graham, a Labour MP] are urging their readers to question whether the Earth goes round the Sun," they added.
For a deeper dive:
Politico, Ars Technica. Commentary: The Guardian, Myles Allen and Richard Millar op-ed
For more climate change and clean energy news, you can follow Climate Nexus on Twitter and Facebook, and sign up for daily Hot News.
About
A mother questions why her son has become another statistic in the number of Black males not getting a high school diploma in the state of Mississippi. Will the answer to her questions be found by talking with educators, other parents, and other Black male high school drop outs? Will she be able to overcome her family dynamics to get him back on track? What will she have to give up to help her son?
The purpose of this documentary is to start anew a true discussion on the subject of education of Black males in America. Although Mississippi has a better rate of Black males obtaining a high school diplomas than New York, at 51% there is room for improvement. This documentary will examine the obstacles keeping the other 49% of Black males from graduation.
Production will start 1/20/2014 and end 2/10/2014. Production time is limited in order to have editing finished prior to April 2014. Mississippi's school year ends in May. A sampling of Black families from across the state of Mississippi will be featured in this documentary. Families from 9 of Mississippi's 82 counties will be featured. A viewing will be held in April 2014 for educators and the general public.
Five years ago, the Supreme Court issued its landmark decision in District of Columbia v. Heller. By a 5-4 vote, the Court ruled that the strict gun-control laws in the nation's capital—which amounted to a complete ban on any usable weapon for self-protection, even in the home—were unconstitutional. The Court finally confronted a long-simmering controversy over the scope of the Second Amendment and declared that, yes, that amendment does secure an individual the right to keep and bear arms. Now, five years later, with gun controls being debated both in the Congress and state legislatures, it is a good time to assess the impact of the Heller precedent. Please join us for a wide-ranging discussion of the Second Amendment, self-defense, and the right to keep and bear arms.
Quinnipiac's jaw-dropping, eyebrow-raising swing-state numbers
The newest polling from Quinnipiac University, CBS News and the New York Times is either catching a jaw-dropping trend early, or really stretching the bounds of believability.
The latest round of surveys, released this morning, shows Barack Obama leading Mitt Romney by 9 points in Florida, 10 points in Ohio and 12 points in Pennsylvania. Those are by far his biggest leads in name-brand polling in Ohio and Florida.
Here's how CBS reports and explains the results:
Mr. Obama holds a 10-point lead in Ohio among those who say they will definitely vote, a lead propelled by a 25-point advantage among women. Romney holds an 8-point lead among men. The president holds a 35-point edge among voters under 35 years old, and a 5-point lead among those ages 35-64; the two candidates are effectively tied among Ohio seniors. Sixty-two percent of Ohio likely voters say the auto bailout, which had a significant impact on the state's economy, was a success, while just 30 percent say it was a failure. Both candidates will campaign in Ohio Wednesday; the president led Romney by six points in the state last month. In Florida, Mr. Obama's edge over Romney has risen from three points before the political conventions to nine points today. His gains are due to improved performance among women, white voters and seniors. Nearly half of Florida Democrats now say they are more enthusiastic about voting than in the past - up from 24 percent at the start of August, and only slightly less than the percentage of Florida Republicans who are more enthusiastic. Two in three Florida likely voters support the DREAM Act policies put in place by the president to allow young illegal immigrants who came to the country as children to obtain work permits and not face deportation.
(POLITICO's swing-state map)
Most recent polling has put Obama ahead in these three states. But even Democrats have been skeptical of other surveys showing Obama ahead by 7 and 8 points in Ohio, let alone a 10-point margin there and a comparable margin in the ultimate politically divided state of Florida. That doesn't mean there's no chance that Quinnipiac's numbers are right, and if other polls catch up with these numbers, then we really will see absolute panic about Romney's campaign heading into the first debate. But I don't think it's unreasonable to suggest that we may be looking at some outlier-ish data here, especially in Florida. It wouldn't be the first time in the 2012 cycle that Quinnipiac has accurately captured a trend but overstated the magnitude.
There's a disturbing story of alleged child abuse that led to murder coming out of Florida. According to reports by the Sarasota Sheriff's Office, an Englewood man was taken into custody after allegedly sitting on his 6-year-old son as punishment for watching his father and his girlfriend play video games, which crushed the child to death.
According to authorities, the incident occurred on Christmas Eve, and the father, James Dearman, is the one who called paramedics to his home, where his son was unresponsive, not breathing, and had visible bruising on his back. The son was transported to a local hospital and pronounced dead. James Dearman weighs 270 pounds, according to a report by WFLA.
The Sarasota Sheriff's Office reported the following information about the child abuse case.
“The investigation revealed that while Dearman and his girlfriend were playing video games in the living room, Dearman made his son and 7-year-old sibling stand with their faces to the wall. When his son turned to look at the television, Dearman got angry and brought the child to the couch where he forced him to lie on his side and face the rear cushions. “Dearman then used his body weight to pin his son down while he and his girlfriend continued to play video games. His son screamed that he couldn't breathe and begged to use the bathroom eventually urinating on the couch and becoming unconscious. Dearman and his girlfriend left the child on the couch, went to the garage to smoke a cigarette and later called 911.”
Englewood man charged with Aggravated Child Abuse after 6 y/o son dies Christmas Eve: https://t.co/NtnAnKekIx pic.twitter.com/ODynLDsYkk — SarasotaSheriff (@SarasotaSheriff) December 31, 2015
The child's official cause of death has yet to be determined, but the Sarasota Sheriff's Office isn't taking any chances. They continued to state how they are holding Dearman on an out-of-state warrant while the medical examiner completes the autopsy.
“Dearman was arrested Monday on an outstanding warrant from Georgia for Animal Cruelty and Criminal Damage to Property. Late Wednesday detectives working in conjunction with the Medical Examiner's Office charged Dearman with Aggravated Child Abuse. He is currently being held on all charges without bond at the Sarasota County Jail. Dearman's history includes an arrest in 2008 for Desertion from the Navy. “The 7-year-old sibling was uninjured and remains in the protective custody of the Department of Children and Family Services. The investigation continues as an official cause of death has yet to be determined by the Medical Examiner's Office.”
ABC Action News spoke to the family's neighbor Avis Klein, who expressed shock and dismay over the charges of child abuse and that the little boy who played in the yard was now dead.
“Normal little kids,” she said. “Yeah, they were boisterous but they stayed in their own yard. Not a bother to anybody.”
Dearman is charged with aggravated child abuse and is being held without bond at the Sarasota County Jail. Those charges may change after the medical examiner finishes the investigation.
It's important to note that Dearman was also wanted in connection with animal abuse charges. While it is true that these are allegations and Dearman is entitled to his day in court, studies show that there is a connection between animal abuse and child abuse. For many people who have no children, their animals or pets are like children and become members of the family. Most people love their animals and wouldn't mistreat them. Likewise, they love their children and would never consider committing child abuse against them. The way a person treats an animal is often indicative of how they will treat children as well as other people. The person who can hurt, harm, or abuse an animal can often treat children with the same degree of callousness and is more likely to engage in child abuse.
Studies have also identified a link between serial killers and animal cruelty, with many serial killers first practicing their sick, deviant behavior on animals before executing their vicious cruelty on people. It is not uncommon for people who are guilty of child abuse to exhibit other types of abuse, including animal abuse. Again, James Dearman has been charged with aggravated child abuse but has not had his day in court. These are child abuse allegations that must be proved in a court of law.
[Photo Credit/Sarasota Sheriff's Office]
President Trump, with Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), speaks during a bicameral meeting with lawmakers working on the tax cuts in the Cabinet Meeting Room of the White House on Dec. 13. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP)
Congressional Republicans are looking at shortening the duration of tax cuts that their plan would give to families and individuals, a leading lawmaker said Thursday.
That change would free up more revenue for additional changes to their tax overhaul, but it could also heighten complaints that the bill prioritizes cuts for corporations over households.
Under a tax overhaul bill passed by the Senate earlier this month, tax cuts for all American households would expire at the end of 2025. But Republicans are now considering having those tax cuts expire in 2024.
"That's one of the things we're looking at," Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) said Thursday when asked about shortening the duration.
"They're looking at every possible thing they can to meet the revenue needs, as always at the end of the thing we're looking at everything," he said.
As GOP negotiators seek to reconcile the House and Senate tax bills, they have in recent days added a number of additional tax cuts and other changes to their plan. The new changes could add more than $200 billion to the size of the package, forcing negotiators to seek new revenue or at least limit the duration of certain tax cuts.
To comply with budget rules, the tax package cannot add more than $1.5 trillion to the federal deficit over 10 years.
A final decision hasn't been made and Republican negotiators are looking at numerous options. They would like to reach an agreement by Friday, however, as they want both the House and Senate to vote on final legislation next week.
Republicans have said that the expiring tax cuts for families and individuals would eventually be extended by a future Congress because they will prove popular, but they needed to make them temporary to comply with budget rules.
Democrats have complained that the tax overhaul package was already tilted in favor of the wealthy and corporations. Many of the corporate tax cuts would be locked in permanently, while most of the tax cuts for households and families were designed to expire after 2025.
Lower tax rates and exemptions from taxation are among the provisions set to expire, as are other changes that would lower taxes for individuals.
Having the tax cuts for individuals expire a year earlier could trigger even more complaints, but Democrats lack the votes to block the tax overhaul.
As part of final negotiations, Republicans have agreed internally to allow more state and local taxes to be deducted from federal income, a change that could add close to $100 billion to the size of the bill. They also agreed to lower the top income tax rate from 39.6 percent to 37 percent, a change that could add another $100 billion to the size of the bill.
Negotiators are also discussing an expansion of the child tax credit.
Shortening the tax cuts for individuals and families by one year could free up close to $170 billion, according to estimates from the Joint Committee on Taxation, but it could be seen as a budget gimmick if Republicans promise to extend the tax cuts at a later date.
Last week's prediction was almost over before it began when the Yeovil vs Plymouth game got cancelled at lunch time. When the half-time whistle blew across the 3 o'clock matches, not one tip had scored; meaning a miracle needed to happen. It did finish with 4/8 teams managing to score, with just one team scoring in four matches in the end. But after midweek success on a BTTS seven-fold, where Jordan Rhodes' 93rd minute equaliser against MK Dons landed the winner, there's cause for optimism for this weekend's tips.
Rotherham vs Birmingham City
With just one point from their last four games, relegation battlers Rotherham must go out to win this vital match. The Millers lost last weekend's six-pointer against Bolton and sit three points away from safety, but with new manager Neil Warnock announced on Thursday evening they must go out to win in front of their home fans.
Birmingham, meanwhile, are only three points off the play-off places and will fancy their chances against a side who struggle at home. With Rotherham winning 2-0 in the reverse fixture, Birmingham will be looking for revenge and will go out for the win. That earlier win could also give Rotherham confidence to get a goal too, so that's why they're a stand out for both teams to score from the Championship.
Peterborough vs Bradford City
After going out of the FA Cup at the hands of West Bromwich Albion on penalties, the Peterborough team could be feeling the aftermath come Saturday afternoon. There's only three points separating the two sides who will feel their seasons haven't gone all to plan, so both will be looking to get back into the hunt for the play-offs.
Bradford, who have a game in hand on eighth-place Peterborough, just missed out on the play-offs last year, but a win here would give much-needed confidence to their side. Peterborough, though, will feel as if this is a game where they can spark their play-off push back into life too, so should score themselves.
Portsmouth vs Bristol Rovers
Portsmouth have slipped outside the play-off places over the last few weeks, but find themselves just a point off with two games in hand. Their home game against Bristol Rovers is now a must-win after a loss last week set them back. Pompey too have only failed to score in two matches this year.
Fifth-placed Bristol Rovers lost 2-1 the last time the two sides met, and after last week's match got postponed against AFC Wimbledon, they will be looking to pounce on a team who have slipped from the top of the table over the season. They'll know that a Portsmouth win would mean they overtake them in the table too, so shouldn't be relying on a draw.
Hartlepool vs Yeovil
Down at the other end of League Two is a huge relegation battle. Sitting with just 24 points to their names, Hartlepool and Yeovil are lurking above the relegation zone. But the home side have three games in hand, and that should hopefully mean Yeovil go all out to try to put pressure on new boss Craig Hignett in his first match.
Hartlepool's form may be bad, but they've only failed to score once in all competitions this year, and beat Yeovil 2-1 away from home this season already. Yeovil have scored in every game in 2016 and have only lost one too, so should feel some confidence going in to the six-pointer despite their league position.
Motherwell vs Kilmarnock
Once a challenger to Celtic not so long ago, Motherwell have slipped in and around the relegation zone in the Scottish Premier Football League. Remarkably, the home side have conceded three times in added time in 2016 alone, so Kilmarnock should fancy their chances in this relegation battle.
Kilmarnock sits in 11th place and just two points behind their opponents, so should feel they need to win this to drag them further away from trouble. Motherwell, though, will look at this match as very winnable to get themselves back up the table, so they too should go for the win.
In a marked shift from his previously unqualified allegiance, Stephen Harper has told Benjamin Netanyahu that Canada does not support the Israeli government's decision to revive plans for settlements east of Jerusalem.
The Prime Minister believes the settlements would further impair efforts to achieve peace between the Israeli and Palestinian peoples – a message he conveyed directly to the Israeli Prime Minister during a phone call Saturday, Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird told The Globe and Mail.
Mr. Harper's warning marks a rare breach with Israel, which the Conservative government has staunchly defended even when other allies have not. Canada cast one of only a handful of votes opposing the United Nations General Assembly decision last week to grant the Palestinians the status of non-voting observer state at the UN.
Story continues below advertisement
"The Palestinians' actions last week were very unhelpful to the cause of peace, and the Israeli response of settlement expansion is very unhelpful to the cause of peace," Mr. Baird said.
Mr. Harper's phone call was one of a series of actions that bring the government into closer alignment with its American and European allies on the Middle East.
Having previously warned of "consequences" through Canadian sanctions because of the Palestinian campaign for greater recognition, Mr. Baird indicated Wednesday that no further actions are planned.
"When we said 'consequences' I think the media implied that we would break off relations and cut aid, but we never said either" option was on the table, Mr. Baird said.
Instead, the government limited its gestures of displeasure to having Mr. Baird express that displeasure in a speech to the General Assembly, and by recalling envoys for consultations.
And having stood four-square with Israel during its latest hostilities in Gaza and in its campaign against promoting the Palestinian cause at the UN, Canada has now chosen to admonish Mr. Netanyahu over the settlement plans.
Though the United States and European nations roundly condemned the Israeli decision, the Harper government's response had been muted, characteristic of its determination to stand with Israel come thick or thin.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the settlements have, in fact, proven to be a step too far for the Conservatives.
Continued funding for the Palestinians, which has amounted to $300-million over the past five years, is by no means guaranteed. Mr. Baird said future aid projects will be assessed on their merits. Decisions to fund or not fund will not be influenced by the UN vote, he maintained.
But Mr. Baird added that the government will be watching the Palestinians' next steps carefully. In particular, any attempt by the Palestinian Authority to exploit its new standing by going to the International Criminal Court with charges that Israel was violating international law, "would cause us great concern," he said.
Though Mr. Baird did not say what actions Canada might take, he made it clear that the federal government would consider such a move a provocation that would merit a strong response.
Mr. Baird dismissed criticism that the government's staunch support for Israel had damaged Canada's standing with other Middle Eastern nations, saying that in numerous visits to the region he had found relations with other Arab leaders to be cordial.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story, which has been corrected, had the wrong date of the phone call between Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Noel Vasquez/Getty Images
Congratulations to Christina Aguilera and fiancé Matt Rutler—the couple had their baby! US Weekly reports that Christina gave birth to a girl yesterday on Saturday, August 16 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. The singer, 33, delivered via C-section for the birth.
The couple broke the news that they were expecting last February, just a week after their adorable Valentines Day engagement.
Related: Christina Aguilera Is Pregnant, Naked & Legendary: See The Pics
It is the second child for Christina, who has a 6-year-old son Max Liron with her ex-husband Jordan Bratman.
The pregnancy certainly didn't stop Christina from hitting the studio, so maybe now that the bundle of joy is finally here we'll be getting some new music!
No word on a name yet, but we're going to give them another few days on that decision. Congratulations to the couple!
Belanger, G.; O'Brien, G.; Larouche-Gauthier, R. Rapid Assembly of Quinolizidines via Consecutive Nucleophilic Cyclizations onto Activated Amides Org. Lett. ASAP
After another long week and a half in the lab, It's nice to return to blogging! The Leadbeater lab has been incredibly busy these past couple of days. On Monday we received a planned visit from Dr. Tilley and his students to discuss the progress of our work in a joint group meeting. It proved quite productive and has possibly leaded to new avenues for us to explore down the line (and have further collaborations). Meanwhile back at the lab, we have made much progress not only in terms of our collaboration but in terms of renovating our lab. We recently acquired (thanks to myself and Mike Mercadante, my lab-mate and close friend) a new vacuum pump. Not only is it in good condition (it is slightly used), it pulls an excellent vacuum (0.05 mmHg!). There is nothing like a good pump to make your life easier (especially when stripping off those pesky high boiling solvents like DMF or performing vacuum distillations on particularly heavy substrates). Our work with Dr. Fenteany, which feels like a long time ago now, should be submitted soon (very excited!). Also, the link to my new article is up. It was a relatively quick project but showed how microwaves can significantly shorten reaction times (in this case for disulfide formation)by allowing one to reach extreme high temperatures. In other news, our undergrads are really doing quite well. One of them just completed a short synthesis of a substrate for a project that we are currently working on (and in good yield!) while the other has solved the problems we have been having with another project Mike and I developed. The latter is well on her way to completing the project by the end of the summer (or at least getting close to it) while the other (a UConn student) will be staying on into next semester! So in terms of chemistry, I really have nothing to complain about besides the norm (reaction not working or having a difficult purification). So without further adieu, on with the review!
So this week's article comes from, surprise surprise, Organic Letters, a journal consistently gives me good articles not only to review but just to read for pleasure. What really grabbed me about this article is the complexity of the structures being created. Not only is it a relatively simple reaction to do (or so it appears) but it yields a quad center and a tertiary nitrogen-fused bicycle (known as a quinolizidine).
These sorts of structures are often nestled into the larger framework of various alkaloid.
According to the article, there are a relatively limited number of ways to make these sorts of compounds and most are somewhat entailed or lengthy. Even few examples exist of performing a dual cyclization to form both rings in one shot. Most methods make one ring with some sort of functionality in it to allow for a second ring closure later. Existing dual or “one-pot” preparations include RCMs, Michael additions, Pictet-Spengler like condensations, cycloadditions or reductive amininations. Seeking to expand the tool box, Belanger and co-workers sought to apply their existing monocyclization parameters (for the formation of nitrogen-containing bicycles) to performing a dual cyclization (starting from acyclic materials). They believed that they could first induce a Vilsmeier-Haack -like reaction to give monocyclization and follow it up with a intramolecular manic…I mean Mannich :P. In my opinion, it's not a true Mannich per say. I would argue it's more analogous to the Pictet-Spengler reaction (a modified Mannich).
Initially the authors were worried that such a cyclization would be difficult and possibly disfavored. They assumed monocyclization would be facile. However, this would remove the more reactive internal nucleophile (olefin) with the more active electrophile (iminium ion). The second iminium ion could easily tautomerize to an enamine (and is already less electrophilic and the first imine) and the remaining nucleophile (the other olefin) is likely to be the less reactive of the two. Both these factors could have destroyed their chance at a second cyclization. But, thankfully, their fears were abated when they observed dual cyclization on their symmetrical test substrate. They did not however that two isomeric products were obtained but the ratio could be tweaked by altering the sterics of the system (i.e. making it a acetamide etc.).
Not all of their substrates behaved as planned. One of the biggest issues they ran into is competitive aromatization (at elevated temperatures) to a pyridinium ion. The authors attribute this to steric hindrance in some of their substrates with significantly slows the second cyclization. As a way to overcome this limitation and to gain better control over the reaction, they decided to attempt to utilize a “latent” nucleophile for the second cyclization. They hypothesized that the second cyclization could be promoted by the “unmasking” of this latent nucleophile (aka enhancing its reactivity to improve the chance of the second “Mannich-like” step).To test this, the authors relied on some old chemistry developed by the Overman group. In their case the “masked” nucleophile would be an alkyne, a normally unreactive substrate to cyclizations of this type. Moreover, instead of using a allylsilyl “nucleophile” they used the substantially more reactive silylenol ether. However, this was very strategic. While the enol ether is more reactive to monocyclization, it inhibits a second cyclization by iminium deactivation via “electrodonation”. The second cyclization could be promoted by the addition of a bromide salt in acetonitrile while spontaneously converting the enol ether to its corresponding ketone. Not only does this provide enhance control, by leads to a halide containing product which could be further functionalized.
Overall, I would say this is one of the more impressive (and detailed) articles that I've seen. While nitrogen chemistry isn't my normal cup of tea, I really enjoyed reading this article so go check it out! Congratulations to Belanger and co-workers on a job well done! Ckellz…Signing off…
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Print
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading... Related
July 23, 2011
Categories: Reviews . . Author: ckellz
2 Comments
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
UPDATE: Valve's Doug Lombardi responded to this rumor in about as clear a way as we could hope for: "This is fiction (aside from the fact that Mike D is a real person)." Well, back to the waiting game, everybody.
ORIGINAL STORY: Most true Half-Life fans such as myself have given up hopes of seeing the planned Half-Life 2: Episode Three at this point. Instead, I choose to assume that Valve has already moved onto work on a much bigger and more awesome Half-Life 3. Maybe I'm setting myself up for disappointment, but stories of a former Valve employee's resume suggest this could be exactly what is happening.
Valve fansite Lambda Generation has the full story, which actually comes via a post on the Steam forums. The post was titled "Half-Life 3 is officially confirmed!" Here's the text of the since-deleted post from user ryuuk, which Lamda Generation also smartly screen-capped:
"Mike Dussault, a long time programmer at Valve, recently left the company. I didn't know him until last week. Let me introduce myself. I'm a freelance artist. I do contract work for a studio in Seattle, through the internet. They have a client access system on their site. I came across Dussault's resume, while browsing the files section. Now, I know you're all curious about Valve's in-house development, but I'm only going to talk about the Half-Life series.
"According to his resume, Episode Three was put on hold when Valve decided to move away from the episodic model in late 2007, right after Episode Two's release. He was a techinal advisor on a cancelled Half-Life title, made outside of the company. Dussault's work on Half-Life 3′s world programming, and the scripting system (between 2008 and 2010) is also mentioned in the resume."
Obviously any jerk on a forum could make this outrageous claims, but thankfully, Lambda Generation did some footwork on this. Not only was the thread suspiciously deleted and ryuuk permanently banned from the Steam forums, but the Mike Dussault mentioned in the post is actually a former Valve employee who left the developer last year.
Lambda Generation speculates that the "canceled Half-Life title, made outside the company" mentioned in the post is a mystery project known as "Half-Life 2: Episode Four" that was supposedly a spin-off from the main series being made by EA. Legit? No clue, but it's an interesting thought.
We've reached out to Valve for an official statement on this rumor, but let it be known that my official stance is, "PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE."
On Thursday, we reached the first anniversary of Theresa May's time in Downing Street. During this period she has pursued a hopelessly mangled Brexit strategy, rebranded the Conservative party with hard right-wing nativism, trashed Britain's global reputation and thrown away her own majority in a fit of imperial arrogance. We are unlikely to have to mark her second.
It wasn't like this a year ago. Back then, she appeared to represent order in the chaos. Michael Gove was trying to stab Boris Johnson, who himself would have stabbed anyone if it put him in power, while Andrea Leadsom was jabbering on about how she was morally superior because she had managed to use her reproductive organs. May looked like a grown-up in comparison. Her politics were dreadful, of course, but at least she was competent and did not appear to be motivated exclusively by self-interest, unlike those around her.
And yet the clues were all there. At the Home Office she had enforced a 'hostile environment' intended to reject all applications for visas unless there really was no way around it. She initiated the infamous Go Home vans. She made up unspeakable nonsense about cats and human rights law. She left that department in as great a mess as she found it.
In retrospect, all the qualities of her time as prime minister were there from the start: the ineffectual decision-making, the small-mindedness, the emphasis on looking tough over actually dealing with the issues.
And so it has turned out. May interpreted the Brexit vote as a demand for a reactionary overhaul of British society. She would eradicate freedom of movement, which meant leaving the single market. The economic price of this decision was very grave indeed, but she didn't care. Reducing immigration had become the alpha and the omega of British politics. And there was a social dimension to this approach. May engaged in a culture war against anyone with an international sensibility, or who valued diversity, or who had multiple identities, or who was an immigrant, or who was the child of immigrants. This was not said outright, of course, but the message came across loud and clear. "If you believe you are a citizen of the world, you're a citizen of nowhere," she said.
But the public were soon to find out the chief attribute of nationalists: they have no answers.
May drew a pointless and arbitrary red line on the European Court of Justice only to find out that it made whole sections of her Brexit strategy all-but impossible. She ignored and humiliated the devolved governments. She pulled out of Euratom seemingly without understanding the consequences. She overhauled the civil service, which wasted time and capacity only to produce a tripartite system for Brexit which does not properly function. She put disgraced former minister Liam Fox in charge of trade, who then proceeded to spend thousands on foreign trips with no achievements to show for them. She ignored repeated offers from experts to help with Brexit. She sacked a senior civil servant for raising concerns about the scale of the task ahead of her, only to instantly capitulate to the Europeans when the warnings she had failed to heed immediately came to pass. She surrounded herself with two figures - Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill - who failed to build a relationship with journalists, were rude to her colleagues and had no political judgement whatsoever. She sabotaged Britain's standing abroad by installing Boris Johnson in the Foreign Office. She tried to control all decision-making from No.10 without any ability to delegate or allow for the smooth running of government. She floated policies - like the naming and shaming of companies which employ foreign workers - which poisoned our European negotiating partners against us. She threw away her leverage on when to trigger Article 50 seemingly without even realising it was leverage. She failed to address the significant limitations she had in terms of time or negotiating capacity. She was unable to convince the EU team to allow talks to take place in parallel instead of in sequence. She trashed Britain's global reputation by refusing to guarantee the rights of EU citizens in the UK. She was treated as a joke by European leaders when they realised how weak her understanding of the issues was. She then accused them, in a fit of nativist hysteria, of trying to subvert British democracy. She threw her lot in with Donald Trump by offering him a state visit, only to then look a fool when she realised British citizens were affected by a Muslim travel ban the US president hadn't bothered to tell her about. She introduced policies, for instance on grammar schools, which she was unlikely to be able to get through parliament. She tried to create a cult of personality around herself, only to look startled when her introverted nature meant it fell apart. She came out with the most ludicrous, dated nonsense, from a distinction between 'boy jobs' and 'girl jobs' to her shame over having run through "fields of wheat". She failed to set-up a stress-testing function for policy and instead formulated it with her two advisers, only for it to fall apart in an utterly predictable way once it was released. She showed almost no backbone at all when the right-wing press attacked, whether it was due to the Budget or social care. And then when she did U-turn she would do so while leaving questions about the extent of the decision, thereby ensuring that she had not even killed off the coverage. In the case of the dementia tax, she did all this while pretending that "nothing has changed", making her look like a liar as well as a coward. She demanded support for her Brexit plan without deigning to tell the public what it entailed, thereby depriving the country of a reasoned debate. After the election she didn't even appear to acknowledge that anything had changed. She then sabotaged efforts to solve the impasse at Stormont by stitching up a tawdry backroom deal with the DUP, raising questions about Westminster's ability to act as a neutral arbiter in Ireland.
The list of her failures goes on and on. They are moral, political, economic, strategic and presentational. She is a full-spectrum political disaster.
It may be one year in power, but the reality is that May is prime minister in name only. The only reason she is able to stay in Downing Street is because her Cabinet members want to use her as a human shield, taking the political damage for a policy which they themselves also supported.
When historians come to write about her, they will treat May as a symptom and a cause of national decline.
Ian Dunt is the editor of Politics.co.uk. His book - Brexit: What The Hell Happens Now? - is available now from Canbury Press.
The opinions in politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
This is probably the question that more often we receive, as experts on the Camino de Santiago: which is the best season to walk the Camino de Santiago? Of course, it depends mostly on the route you choose, so let's try to fix all the conditions that you should consider.
Before we start, please remember that Spain is located in the north hemisphere, so the months between December and February are the coldest ones.
Also, be aware of the myths! Santiago de Compostela is situated in the North of Spain, and this place has nothing in common with the south beaches, neither with the well-known islands.
Having this in mind, let's have a look month by month, according to the climate and temperature variations that you can live in the most walked route, the French Route.
November, December and January, the coldest months
This is not the best season to walk the Camino de Santiago, with high probabilities to face snow and ice (yes, Spain can also be snowy!) If you decide to walk the Camino in winter, please consider to have some complications in the León area, and in the highest mounts, especially in St Jean Pied de Port.
Another problem that perhaps you will face on those months could be to find some of the hostels for pilgrims closed, especially in December. Always check that they are really open to the public in the last two weeks of December and the first two ones of January.
SurfTheChannel Founder Gets Extra Jail Time For Revealing Documents That Raised Questions About His Conviction
from the thou-dost-protest-too-much? dept
Vickerman, 38, apologised to Judge John Evans, who had previously branded him the "most arrogant" defendant he had ever come across.
Vickerman, from Gateshead, said: "I genuinely believed that this was in the public domain, so I apologise for that."
The judge jailed Vickerman for an extra month for the contempt, saying: "You were aware that there were restrictions upon what you could publish.
You may recall that, earlier this year, we wrote about a very troubling ruling in the UK against the founder of SurfTheChannel, Anton Vickerman. STC was a linking site, no different than others that had been found perfectly legal in the UK. After the conviction, which resulted in Vickerman being put in jail for four years , some additional info came out that was really horrifying. First, there was the fact that thiscase, including the investigation, was driven entirely by aanti-piracy organization, FACT, which is financed by the Hollywood studios. Yes, a criminal case that was run by private interests. Actual law enforcement hadto proceed with the case, saying that there wasn't evidence of direct infringement. Furthermore, some "anonymous" notes from the courtroom suggested a judge was on a mission to put Vickerman away.Now comes the news that Vickerman has been hit with contempt of court and given an extra month in jail all for releasing some of the documents that revealed what a farce the case was. Once again, the judge seems focused on punishing Vickerman for his attitude, rather than any real problem:That whole "most arrogant" part is really troubling. If you were genuinely innocent and being railroaded in a criminal case by private money (the same money that financed a competitor to your site), I think you'd be pretty pissed off too.
Filed Under: anton vickerman, contempt of court, uk
Companies: fact, surfthechannel
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie and U.S. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky — who could square off in the next Republican presidential primary — are already tangling.
Christie on Thursday night invoked memories of 9/11 as he blasted libertarian-leaning lawmakers — including Republicans like Paul — who openly oppose the National Security Agency's controversial surveillance program.
Paul fired back today, with his spokesman using lyrics from the governor's favorite rocker — Bruce Springsteen — against him.
Political experts say the episode is a snapshot of Christie prepping for his possible presidential run in 2016 by showing Republicans he's a national security “hawk” but distancing himself from the growing libertarian branch of the party, led by Paul.
Christie made his comments while sitting on a panel of Republican governors at an event in Colorado hosted by the nonpartisan Aspen Institute.
They came a day after libertarian-leaning members of the U.S. House of Representatives nearly helped pass a measure that would have reduced funding for the NSA's surveillance program, in which the phone records of millions of Americans are collected.
“I just want us to be really cautious, because this strain of libertarianism that's going through both parties right now and making big headlines, I think, is a very dangerous thought,” Christie said. “I think what we as a country have to decide is: Do we have amnesia? Because I don't. And I remember what we felt like on Sept. 12, 2001.”
Asked whether he was referring to Paul, Christie replied, “You can name any number of people who are engaged in it, and he's one of them.”
The governor then noted that more than 600 New Jersey families lost relatives in the 9/11 terrorist attack.
“These esoteric, intellectual debates — I want them to come to New Jersey and sit across from the widows and the orphans and have that conversation,” Christie said. “And they won't, because that's a much tougher conversation to have.
“The next attack that comes, that kills thousands of Americans as a result, people are going to be looking back on the people having this intellectual debate,” the governor continued.
Paul took to Twitter to respond.
“Christie worries about the dangers of freedom,” said a message on Paul's Twitter feed this morning. “I worry about the danger of losing that freedom. Spying without warrants is unconstitutional.”
Christie worries about the dangers of freedom. I worry about the danger of losing that freedom. Spying without warrants is unconstitutional. — Senator Rand Paul (@SenRandPaul) July 26, 2013
Doug Stafford, one of Paul's top advisers, also slammed Christie.
“If Gov. Christie believes the constitutional rights and the privacy of all Americans is ‘esoteric,' he either needs a new dictionary or he needs to talk to more Americans, because a great number of them are concerned about the dramatic overreach of our government in recent years.” Stafford said in a statement. “Defending America and fighting terrorism is the concern of all Americans, especially Sen. Paul. But it can and must be done in keeping with our Constitution and while protecting the freedoms that make America exceptional.”
Stafford then quoted Springsteen's 2007 song “Long Walk Home.”
“In the words of the governor's favorite lyricist, ‘You know that flag flying over the courthouse, Means certain things are set in stone. Who we are, what we'll do and what we won't,' ” Stafford said.
Colin Reed, a spokesman for Christie, declined to respond, saying the governor's comments Thursday “speak for themselves.”
Julian Zelizer, a political science professor at Princeton University, said Christie is a more “plausible” presidential candidate than Paul but that the governor “wants to take the steam out of any potential rivalry early on.”
More importantly, he said, Christie wants to “position himself against the more libertarian, anti-government, tea-party element” of the Republican Party.
“He can say to the Republican base: I may not be Rand Paul, I may not be a maverick, but I'm a national security hawk,” Zelizer said.
That makes “perfect sense for Christie,” said Larry Sabato, the director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia.
“He's perceived as something of a RINO (Republican in Name Only) by the right because of his warm relations with President Obama and his more moderate positions on a few specific issues “ realistic stances for someone running in Democratic New Jersey,” Sabato said in an e-mail.
“So how does Christie get back in the good graces of the right? He can use tough rhetoric on national security, traditionally the GOP's preferred spot relative to the Democrats.”
Star-Ledger staff writers Jenna Portnoy and Salvador Rizzo contributed to this report.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Christie calls for fairness in immigration reform, slams Obamacare
• Poll: Christie and Clinton in a dead heat for 2016 presidential race in Iowa
• More Politics
VANCOUVER (NEWS1130) – Vancouver Police have a couple of suspects in mind but still haven't made any arrests in the long-running “blessing scam” targeting the Chinese community.
The crime is a North America-wide problem; that's why police have teamed up with agencies like the CBSA, US Secret Service, and the NYPD to help them identify suspects.
Sergeant Joe Chu says elderly Chinese women are essentially being targeted for their cultural beliefs. They are talked into handing over their life savings to have jewellery blessed.
“They've kept the jewellery, hoping to hand it down to the next generation; the next thing you know, everything is gone. So, not only is it financial loss — [there's also] the emotional devastation we can't put a dollar figure on. I'm sure there are victims out there right now that have bags of what they think is their jewellery and gold and it's not.”
The victims, who are mainly being targeted in East Vancouver, are told not to tell anyone about the bag, not open it, and to keep it under their bed.
Chu adds some victims have lost as much as $30,000 and to date, there have been 13 reported cases in Vancouver.
“I remember hearing through the grapevine that one lady was suicidal because she had lost so much, and it was jewellery that she was going to pass down to the next generation.”
The VPD says too often, victims are reluctant to come forward because they are embarrassed.
“We want to ensure victims that we will take their reports seriously. We want them to come forward and speak to the police if they've been scammed in any way or have been the target of a crime. We've made previous appeals for victims to come forward and again we're doing that today,” says Constable Brian Montague.
If you have been scammed or know someone who has you can call the VPD or call the Chinese Community Policing Centre at 604.688.5030; they have staff who speak both Mandarin and Cantonese.
Featured Research
Student Researchers Receive Top Awards
It was an exciting school year for CMA student researchers who received top awards for their science projects. In particular Brian Zhang, a sophomore at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School, placed first in the Earth Sciences category at the California State Science Fair!
For his project, Brian tested whether it was possible to build a self sufficient estuary in the lab. Why? Because estuaries are uniquely sheltered areas where rivers and streams meet the sea, providing crucial habitat for larval animals, small fish and a host of other wildlife that thrives in this special environment. Creating a self sufficient estuary could foster the growth of young animals by simulating their natural habitat.
Using a tank in the Aquatic Nursery, Brian started constructing an estuary from the bottom up. When the basic elements were ready such as mud, water, plants and a pump that simulated the tide, he started introducing animals based on where they fit on the food chain. First he added the smallest organisms including bacteria and algae.
Brian added animals representing each section of the food chain throughout the school year, said CMA Research Curator Kiersten Darrow. He worked his way from single cell organisms to larval animals to burrowing worms to mussels and oysters up through his final addition fish.
After all the animals were in place, he started monitoring the health of the estuary using a data sonde, a device that collects information on waste output, dissolved oxygen rates, nitrate and ammonia levels and salinity. Healthy ocean animals was one great indicator things were going well, but data collected confirmed that the estuary was fully functioning and in sync with the rhythm and balance of a natural habitat.
Were thrilled with Brians accomplishment and that his hard work was recognized by judges at every science fair he participated in, said Darrow. Every time one of our student researchers succeeds, it shows that our Young Scientist Program is working. Were setting students on a path for long-term success as they pursue science careers.
Below is a list of CMA student researchers and their achievements:
Brian Zhang, 10th grader at PV Peninsula High School
1st place, Earth Sciences at the California State Science Fair
2nd place, Ecology at the LA County Science Fair
3rd place, Environmental Science at PV Peninsula District Science Fair
Special Awards
Southern California Paleontological Society Award for Academic Excellence
Stockholm Jr. Water Prize Award
Albert Barrios, 10th grader at King Drew Medical Magnet
Honorable Mention, Environmental Management for research on sea anemone distribution at Los Angeles County Office of Education (LACOE) Science Fair
Special Awards
Stockholm Jr. Water Prize Award
California Association of Professional Scientists (CAPS) Science Achievement Award
Annie Benedict, 9th grader at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School
2nd place, Zoology at Palos Verdes Peninsula District Science Fair
Special Award
US Naval Science Award
Miguel Carias, 7th grader at South Gate Middle School
2nd place, Behavioral Sciences for research on abalone feeding behavior at LACOE Science Fair
Jesse Leal, 7th grader at South Gate Middle School
Honorable Mention, Behavioral Sciences for research on sea urchin feeding behavior at LACOE Science Fair
Lauren Lee, 10th grader at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School
3rd place, Zoology at Palos Verdes Peninsula District Science Fair
Cheyenne Newallis, 10th grader at San Pedro High School
3rd place, Animal Physiology for research on swell shark breeding seasons at LACOE Science Fair
Special Award
So. Cal. Paleontological Society Award for Academic Excellence
Intel International Science and Engineering Fair Finalist
Jacob Partida, 12th grader at San Pedro High School
3rd place, Animal Biology for research on octopus behavior in captivity at LACOE Science Fair
Special Award
Earthwatch Grant for summer research abroad
Adrian Rodriguez, 12th grader at San Pedro High School
Honorable Mention, Animal Biology for research on anemone feeding behavior at LACOE Science Fair
Madison Uetrecht, 12th grader at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School
1st place, Zoology at Palos Verdes Peninsula District Science Fair
Isabella Will, 10th grader at Palos Verdes Peninsula High School
Special Award
US Naval Science Award
Share
ARE NOT
Oldtimers here may recall that my old website once included a Signed Books page, where I offered autographed copies of some of my older, out of print books and foreign editions for sale via mailorder. Mostly as fan service. The books were usually hard to get, and of course many of my readers lived far away from my various tour stops and cons, making it unlikely that they'd ever get an autograph by any other means. In the beginning, we never got more than a few orders a week. I used to fill them myself, once upon a time. Later my minions took that over.But as the years passed, the number of orders rose and rose, and the number of queries grew even faster. Signing and shipping those books ate up more time every week. So much so that when we redesigned the website a year or so back, we closed the Signed Books page. That was intended to be temporary. I figured I'd open a new and improved version of the page, with a shopping cart system, to make things easier on all concerned... but somehow we never got around to it.Last year, at Christmas season, I got a lot of emails about that. Readers wanting to buy autographed books as gifts, as they had in previous years. And now Christmas approaches again, and once more we are getting the same sort of emails.This year, though, we have an answer. Of sorts. No, I am not going to reopen the old Signed Books page on the website. I don't have the time to personally inscribe dozens of books every week, and my office staff no longer has the time to pack and ship them. I need my loyal minions for other tasks, alas.HOWEVER... as it happens I also have the Jean Cocteau Cinema now, and the Cinema is also the state's smallest and most exclusive bookstore, where ALL the books on sale are autographed. Yes, needless to say, I drop by the Cocteau every so often, and sign piles of copies of my own titles... plus, we also have a wide stock of books signed by the many great authors who have appeared at the Cocteau for interviews, screenings, readings, and similar events.Up to now, those books have only been available to those who stopped by the theatre in person. But after fifteen months in business, the stocks have built up, so we're going to try offering certain titles by mailorder. See how that goes. If we run into unanticipated problems, I may need to shut this down again... but my staff at the Cocteau are game to give it a try, so let's see how it works.Let me stress: ALL purchases, payments, and queries should go to the Cocteau. Please do not email us here at the office. I shut down the old Signed Books page because I did not have the time, and I still don't. The theatre HAS the time, the personnel, and the books.Please also note: the books on offer are all autographed, but theyinscribed or personalized, and that is not a service we can offer. I don't even personalize books at my booksignings any longer. I did so for decades, and happily, but I've gotten older and the lines have gotten much, much longer, it's not something I can do any more. You'll just need to settle for my illegible scrawl.Anyway... let's try this out, see it is flies.DANGEROUS WOMEN just won the World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology (yay!). The Cocteau has 14 signed hardcovers in stock, I am informed, so we'll make that the first offering.The price is $32.50, plus $15 for shipping and handling (media mail) or $25 (priority), within the US. Overseas and foreign, please enquire.PayPal will be ONLY form of payment we can accept at present. Payments, orders, and queries can be sent directly to the Jean Cocteau Cinema (and Bookstore!) at jeancocteausantafe@gmail.com Yes, we will offer other titles soon. My own books, and those by the other writers who have appeared at the Cocteay. But let's start with this one first. Call it a trial run.A DAY LATER: Okay. Wow. That worked. All our signed hardcovers of DANGEROUS WOMEN were gone within four hours. We got 45 orders for the 14 books. (We will try to get more, but that may take a while).So: no more DW orders for the time being. We will offer some other books. See my next post.
" " Could dad trade in that bottle for a breast? Caroline Woodham/Getty Images
The possibility of male lactation may not seem as far-fetched as one might at first expect, since it can happen soon after a baby boy exits the womb. The hormone prolactin, which facilitates breast milk production in new mothers, can pass from the placenta to into an infant's body. After birth, that in utero prolactin bath can cause a newborn to spontaneously lactate whether it's a boy or a girl, as both are bestowed the same breast anatomy during fetal development. This nursery phenomenon is referred to as witch's milk and often stops after a couple weeks [source: Kaneshiro].
Out-of-the-blue milk-making later in a man's life might be more of a cause for alarm, however. Rarer than witch's milk, galactorrhea, or spontaneous lactation, in men often traces back to a testosterone deficiency instead of a prolactin overdose [source: Mayo Clinic]. But while modern doctors might see galactorrhea as result of a hormone imbalance, the evolutionary pioneer Charles Darwin might have suggested that a case of galactorrhea was merely evidence of bygone ancestral habits. As outlined in his 1871 thesis "The Descent of Man," Darwin presumed that early man, ably outfitted with mammary glands, divvied up breastfeeding duties with the women [source: Thomsen].
Anecdotal evidence also proves that while it doesn't happen very often, modern men can lactate and even breastfeed under similar hormonal influences as female lactation. In women, pregnancy provokes the pituitary gland to ramp up prolactin production by 10 times its normal amount, which in turn prompts the lobules (milk-producing glands) to get to work [source: Thomsen]. That same domino effect can occur from the male brain-to-breast even though it lacks the pregnancy-mediated prolactin surge, and there are far fewer lobules for the hormone to fuel. Cuddling and spending time with babies has been shown to increase the amount of prolactin in dads' bloodstreams, while tamping down on testosterone levels. Combine that hormonal reaction with the physical stimulus of a suckling infant, and a male breast could very well yield milk. Scientists point to that physiological possibility as the reason why men in an African pygmy tribe, the Aka, have been documented breastfeeding their children [source: Moorehead]. In 2002, a Sri Lankan father of two also made headlines for breastfeeding his daughters after his wife died [source: Swaminathan].
Male breastfeeding may raise eyebrows and stoke controversy about gender roles and caregiving, but ultimately the male breast anatomy poses more of a health risk than an atypical health additive for infants. While much less common than in women, breast cancer does affect thousands of men; in 2012, for instance, nearly 2,220 American men were diagnosed with the condition that tends to attack the milk-producing lobules and ducts [source: National Cancer Institute]. That prevalence rate is high enough that some scientists consider male nipples and their underlying glandular network an adaptive flaw [source: Swaminathan]. If, like mice, the male nipple was nipped in the bud before birth, they wouldn't pose any potential problems or perplexing evolutionary questions about why they've stuck around for so long.
Who gets the extra nipples? It isn't uncommon for people to be born with supernumerary, or extra, nipples that are leftover from embryonic milk lines. By one count, the incidence rate of extra nipples is one out of every 40 newborn babies [source: Mimouni, Merlob and Reisner]. Typically, these bonus nipples also are more likely to show up on men and on the left side of the body [source: Schmidt].
Author's Note: Why Do Men Have Nipples
It's well established that Barbie isn't exactly designed according to naturally occurring female measurements. Her chiseled boyfriend Ken isn't a perfect chip off the ol' human male block, either. Sure, his abs of steel (or plastic, rather) are achievable via Malibu-caliber diets and exercise, but no gym rat will ever be able to sculpt pectorals quite that smooth since Ken -- and Barbie, too, for that matter -- has no nipples. But that doesn't imply that Ken is somehow less of a (fake) man for not having them. Evolutionary biologists have long puzzled over why male nipples have hung around the male chest for so long considering the minimal purpose they serve, aside from offering another enticing spot for a body piercing. Some consider them useless enough to qualify as vestigial anatomy. And in that light, when you think about it, nipple-less, wisdom-teeth-free and appendix-absent Ken could be the model of a future, more highly evolved man. That said, he would also be a man unable to reproduce and pass along that hunky musculature, Ken's ultimate Achilles heel.
Related Articles
Sources
Mason Weaver, an author and former member of the Black Panther movement, said Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) presided over the "destruction of black America" in the years following his march with other Civil Rights leaders across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in 1965.
Responding to Lewis' contention that President-elect Donald Trump is "not a legitimate president", Weaver called Lewis an "illegitimate Congressman."
Weaver called Lewis a "Civil Rights turncoat" who has "collaborated with the Democratic Party to oppress black America."
'First 100 Days' Exclusive: Will McCain Support Tillerson Despite Russia Concerns?
O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration 'Repudiation of Race-Baiters'
'Shame on You': Bennett Rips Dems Who Plan to Skip Inauguration
He said the people who beat and ran over Lewis and his fellow marchers that day were Democrats, also pointing to the party affiliation of former Gov. George Wallace (D-Ala.), an avowed segregationist of the time.
"After they beat his behind on that bridge... he got up and joined them," Weaver said of Lewis. "He joined the oppressors and became a stooge for them."
Weaver said he could not understand why any African-American could identify as a Democrat, calling them the "party of the Klan" and the "party that went to war to keep slaves."
"If you're a real man, John Lewis, you stand up tomorrow and you apologize," Weaver said.
What do you think? Let us know in the comments below.
Conway: 'Disappointing' Civil Rights 'Legend' Lewis Using His Platform to Attack Trump
Krauthammer Explains Why Dems Skipping Inauguration Is 'Not a Good Sign'
MLK III Responds to Lewis Dispute After 'Constructive Meeting' With Trump
Callous thieves smashed their way into Glasgow's largest foodbank stealing thousands of pounds worth of Tesco vouchers, clothes and an iPad.
Around £1300 in cash was also nabbed during robbery at the Greater Maryhill Foodbank which is thought to have happened over the weekend.
The raiders managed to open a safe containing the supermarket vouchers and cash which was to be used to send Chelsea Somerville and her family on holiday.
Chelsea was injured during a car accident last year on nearby Sandbank Drive.
Her friend Sophie Brannan,11, was killed in the crash on November 14 2014.
Julie Webster, who set up the foodbank two years ago after seeing the need from locals was astounded to discover the centre on Chapel Street had been broken into.
Fighting back tears, Julie told the Evening Times: "I just can't believe someone would do this to us.
"I'd rather that they had robbed my house than robbed this place.
"This is the most disgusting act of inhumane behaviour I've ever seen in my whole life.
"I have got people who come to my door on their knees, and somebody has robbed us like this.
"It's unforgivable."
Thieves broke into the foodbank, which is run from a storage unit in Maryhill, by making a hole in the corrugated iron roof.
Dented pipes on the wall showed how they managed to lower themselves into the room and help themselves to piles of new clothes waiting to be handed out to the needy over winter.
The centre, staffed by around two dozen volunteers, helps more than 1000 people each month with clothes, food and support.
Julie said: "We were planning to start a new project on Wednesday where the clothes would be brought down and displayed for the service users to pick from.
"It was going to be for asylum seekers in the area.
"We're not going to be able to do that now. The biggest thing is the money for Chelsea, the wee girl who got knocked down on Sandbank Street.
"We had raised £500 at Christmas and we had raised a further £800 before that.
"That was going to be put towards sending the family on holiday but it's gone now.
"They've walked away with all of that."
The robbery, Julie said, will have a "massive" impact on the service she and her 26 volunteers can offer.
She said: "This isn't just a foodbank, it's a community hub. It is where people feel valued and feel like they mean something, a place of sanctuary.
"I've worked so hard to create a safe environment over the past two years, and now it doesn't feel like the foodbank anymore.
"When they've come through that hole in the roof, they've seen baby food, nappies, tins, clothes, and they've still stolen from us.
"This is a slap in the face.
"If somebody needed help, all they would have to do is come in here and ask me."
Mark Grant, the foodbank's driver, was the one who discovered the catastrophe when he opened the centre yesterday morning.
He said: "We just can't believe it.
"The police came and they helped us so much yesterday, they were really good.
"We just hope they find out who has done it because it's disgusting.
"I just don't know why someone would do this."
Police said enquiries were ongoing into the robbery, which was reported at 8.45am yesterday.
Anyone interested in helping the Greater Maryhill Foodbank can contact them on 0141 946 6828, find them on Facebook or call into the centre at 61 Chapel Street, Maryhill.
hannah.rodger@eveningtimes.co.uk
Tennessee figures to pursue several highly-rated players in the 2018 class over the next month and a half till National Signing Day on February 7th. New Vol head coach Jeremy Pruitt and his new Vol staff were able to salvage together a solid haul during the early signing period, and they're targeting some of the nation's top players to sign in February.
And one of those prospects has named the Vols his leader.
JJ Peterson, the No. 2 outside linebacker in the 2018 class according to the 247Sports Composite rankings, has been an Alabama lean for months and has been considered one of the Tide's top targets in their 2018 class. But now that Jeremy Pruitt is the head coach at Tennessee, things have changed for Peterson.
According to an interview with Chris Kirschner of SEC Country, Peterson now has the Vols as his favorite because of Pruitt.
Zone not found or deactivated.Zone id : 5
“There's no coach in college football who Peterson is closer to than Pruitt,” Kirschner writes. “That's mainly because of Rush Propst, Colquitt County's coach, is close with Pruitt. Pruitt was Propst's defensive coordinator at Hoover High School before being hired at Alabama.”
Peterson plays for Colquitt County in Moultrie, Georgia. He's the No. 43 overall player in the country according to the 247Sports Composite rankings, and he has a strong relationship with the Vols' new coach. And Pruitt isn't the only Tennessee coach whom Peterson has a connection with.
“Because Pruitt is no longer in Tuscaloosa, Peterson considers Tennessee, a school he hasn't visited yet, his leader,” Kirschner states. “Pruitt hired Georgia outside linebackers coach Kevin Sherrer to be the Volunteers' defensive coordinator. That also has an effect on Peterson because Sherrer was his primary recruiter at Georgia.”
And according to Peterson himself, those relationships are why Tennessee has now supplanted Alabama as his favorite.
“I have a strong connection with Coach Pruitt and Coach Sherrer,” Peterson told Kirschner. “I also have two former teammates there (Shawn Shamburger and Jay Blakely). I know people there. Coach Pruitt leaving has changed the whole game for me.”
Alabama had been Peterson's favorite for months. Nick Saban and his staff consider Peterson one of their top targets in their class, and it's believed he's their No. 1 linebacker on their board for the 2018 class.
When asked about Saban and Alabama, Peterson said the Tide are still one of his favorites. But he maintains that Tennessee is now the team to beat.
“They're up there, but you know Tennessee has to be on top for me now,” Peterson stated.
Peterson hasn't visited a school since the summer when he visited Auburn back in July. But he has five official visits remaining between now and National Signing Day, and the Vols figure to be one of the schools to get a visit.
As a senior, Peterson racked up 110 total tackles, 19 tackles for loss, five sacks, three fumble recoveries, and two pass breakups.
Tennessee will have to wait till National Signing Day to see where Peterson ends up. But right now, it appears they have a great chance of landing the elite linebacker.
Illustration by Eleanor Doughty
The first two professional jobs that I had following my graduation from a fairly liberal, midsized university in Virginia were both in North Carolina, a stark contrast from the openly queer lifestyle that I had taken for granted for while serving as president of my university's Gay-Straight Alliance.
At the time of my move, I considered North Carolina to be a fairly progressive state—most likely because all of the gay clubs that I had ever been to were located there. However, within a month of starting my job as a teacher at a public high school, HB2, the state's notorious "bathroom bill," was passed, legalizing discrimination against trans people in public spaces.
When the legislation took effect, I was terrified. I'm a trans woman, a fact that none of my coworkers or students knew. But despite my fury and disbelief at HB2's passage, I took comfort in the fact that I had already transitioned and had chosen to undergo gender confirmation surgery. I thought that, because I "passed" well, I was immune to the effects of the government-sanctioned discrimination. I was wrong. Although I was never told to use the men's restroom or outed, I witnessed the consequences of HB2 every day.
Read more: Why We Should All Be Terrified of Anti-Trans 'Bathroom Bills'
I started to overhear students joking with each other, saying things like, "You sound like a man," which was always directed at female students. I never heard anything like that before the bill was splashed across the front cover of local and national publications alike. One day, I witnessed a group of high school students wondering aloud how trans people reproduce; one suggested that "transgenders" could give birth through their "butt holes." The group let out a collective giggle, and started to loudly make comments about how "disgusting" the thought was.
As a trans woman who has been able to fully embrace her identity without any form of self-hate or struggle, the one thing that pains me is the fact that I will never be able to give birth to my own child, unless major medical advances are made in the form of womb transplants. In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to extend a metaphorical olive branch and turn the situation into a teachable moment, but fear stopped me from acting. I simply carried on as if I hadn't heard them. Knowing that, according to state law, I was committing a crime every time I went into the staff restroom that was marked for female employees, I decided it was best if I just kept my mouth shut.
Although I was never told to use the men's restroom or outed, I witnessed the consequences of HB2 every day.
But there were also some moments where I felt I had gravely underestimated the empathy that people in the state had for the LGBTQ community. One of the most striking examples of this was a colleague of mine, a middle-aged woman who'd grown up in the area. At the end of each day, she would commiserate with me. Like everyone else I knew through work, she had no idea that I was trans, but she once offhandedly brought HB2 during one of our after-school chats, after an article about the bill popped up on her computer screen. As soon as I saw the headline, my body tensed up and I quickly tried to change the topic, but she kept coming back to it.
She started ranting about how "stupid" she thought the law was, and how people needed to "mind their own damn business." She asked me if I had ever heard of Jazz Jennings or watched her television show on TLC. Worried that I might "out" myself by showing that I possessed a considerable amount of knowledge about the brave trans girl, I simply nodded my head and played coy, as if I had never heard of her or HB2—despite the fact that I Am Jazz was one of my favorite television shows. My coworker continued to describe the show to me, telling me how inspired she felt by the way Jazz's family had accepted her, eventually leading the subject back around to herself and confiding in me that she had a lesbian daughter who was roughly my age. She told me that she had always embraced her daughter's sexual orientation, but that the rest of her family continued to struggle with it and blamed her.
Again, I felt as if it was my personal responsibility break barriers and engage in an open dialogue about the LGBTQ community, but I simply couldn't bring myself to do it, despite the fact that this was my most trusted coworker at the time. I blame the culture of hate and shame instituted by the members of the North Carolina state legislature and former Governor Pat McCrory for this.
Eventually, I moved to another school in the state; during my first week there, I was called into the guidance counselor's office following allegations that some students were bullying their androgynous female classmate. The guidance counselor informed me that the school had in place a strict anti-bullying policy, something my own students later reiterated, and something they would typically bring up whenever tensions started to run high in the classroom or when constructive criticisms weren't phrased as gently as they could have been.
After learning about the policy, I felt as if a weight had been lifted, and I could somehow breathe better. For the first time, I felt comfortable walking into the heavily populated lunchroom with my head held high instead of simply closing the door to my classroom and skipping lunch the way that I had at my previous school for fear of having too many eyes on me.
Towards the end of the semester, the student who had been bullied during my first week approached me after class and informed me that he actually identified as a trans man, and that he preferred male pronouns and wanted to go by the name Ashton rather than his female birth name. He said that he had wanted to tell me at the beginning of the semester, but was afraid that I would tell his parents. (He only felt comfortable coming to me, he added, because I'd assigned plays like Fences to read in class and taught a lesson about the life and persecution of queer playwright Oscar Wilde.) I reassured him that I would never out him to his parents—or anyone, for that matter—and though I could read his sense of relief immediately, I felt troubled. I was sad that he had assumed that revealing his true gender identity to a teacher was too dangerous to risk, and that he wouldn't be celebrated and embraced for doing so.
Perhaps I was the one who was behind the times and could potentially learn something from the younger generation's commitment to inclusion.
The following week, Ashton decided to perform a monologue that he had written for the rest of the class. The monologue was essentially a coming-out dramatization, and throughout his performance, I scanned the room anxiously, looking to see if any of Ashton's peers would respond with disbelief or disgust, but no such thing happened. Instead, all of the students watched and listened attentively as he chronicled the despair that his character felt prior to his transition and the euphoric sense of being able to exist simply as one's self.
Afterwards, they commented thoughtfully on what he'd said. "You can't assume gender identity anymore," said a student who was seen as one of the major sports stars at the school. In that moment, I realized that perhaps I was the one who was behind the times and could potentially learn something from the younger generation's commitment to inclusion.
In a time when minority groups across the country are fearful that their identities and rights might be called into question and revoked, North Carolina has something else to be hopeful about in 2017: the election of a new governor, Roy Cooper, who takes pride in standing up for the rights of marginalized people. His victory over Pat McCrory, of course, was the result of the tireless grassroots work of LGBTQ activists and their allies, and it sent a crucial message to public office holders in the state: that there is a line, and they will be held accountable if they cross it.
Despite the massive public outcry over HB2—which has cost the state thousands of jobs and millions of dollars—and despite the state legislature's promise to repeal the hateful law, it's still in place. In the face of such obvious state-sanctioned bigotry, it remains of paramount importance that we send a message to our students that they are worth it, and that their identities are valid no matter what conservative lawmakers say. If I had to guess, I would say that the effects of HB2 will linger for some time, but I know from personal experience that a message of inclusion and empathy is stronger than hate, and it will find its way into the classroom if we let it.
This is the wonderful list of 17 free and online webs based tools for designers and developers which may be very helpful for you as well when you are at work. Designers and Developers will must like this list but you can also use them and will love whether you are office worker, manager, supervisor, student, home user, etc. Most of them are not very well-known but, they are really amazing in respect to their features. Just take a look at them and share your thought's here.
You are welcome to share if you know more free tools for designers that our readers may like. Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at SmashingApps.com just subscribe to our rss feed.
You may be interested in these older posts
17 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Would Love To Use!
17 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Love To Use!
21 Online Free Web Based Applications That You Probably Would Love To Use Every Day!
23 Free And Online Web Based Applications Specially If You Are Designer Or Developer
FontStructÂ
FontStruct is a free font-building tool lets you quickly and easily create fonts constructed out of geometrical shapes, which are arranged in a grid pattern, like tiles or bricks. Once you're done building, FontStruct generates high-quality TrueType fonts, ready to use in any Mac or Windows application.
Whats its color
Whats its color is an image-color processing utility that will evaluate an image and give you the image's primary and complementary dominant colors of an image, how many visually unique colors are in an image, and the top ten visually unique colors in an image.
DamnIT
DamnIT is a free service that emails you when a user encounters a JavaScript error in your webpages. You'll receive detailed automated error information instead of vague bug descriptions.
Scrumy
Scrumy is a simple and intuitive way to do Scrum project management. At its core, Scrumy is a virtual taskboard, and is free. Scrumy Pro has more Scrum-specific features like multiple sprints, burndown charts, and daily snapshots.
ColorJack
ColorJack is an online Color Scheme Generator used by Graphic Designers, Interior Decorators, and many other people from around the world.
psd2css Online
psd2css Online is Software as a Service that converts your fantastic, creative, artistic, no holds barred web page designs into dynamic XHTML and CSS web pages automatically. Use Photoshop or The Gimp to create the dynamic and functional designs you can think of. CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets and is technically the best way to build your web pages. Upload your Photoshop design, download your HTML file and images. It's that simple.
CSS Type Set
CSS Type Set is a hands-on typography tool allowing designers and developers to interactively test and learn how to style their web content.
Stripe Generator
Generate seamless striped background imagesÂ – ajax diagonal stripes background designe
Product Planner
Product Planner was born out of the need to help people understand and create user flows for their web products. The idea is that by looking at examples of other successful web products, you can get a better idea of how to create your own.
WhatTheFont
Well now you can, using our WhatTheFont font recognition system. Upload a scanned image of the font and instantly find the closest matches in our database.
Reflection Maker
This is Image reflection generator where you can upload your images, or specify an image URL, and download your reflected image instantly, ready to be used on your Web2.0 website.
IconFinder
IconFinder is an icon search engine. From this you can search through 30.000 great icons in good quality. All in PNG-format with alpha-channel. Perfect choice for web designers.
Tartan Designer
Tartan Designer can generate beautiful tartan pattern. You can create your new stylish background instantly with this online free tool.
Square Rocks
Square Rocks is a very easy to use colour scheme utility, which generates random colour grids. Just keep refreshing the browser until you find what you like.
Markup Generator
Markup Generator is a simple tool created for xhtml/css coders that are tired of writing boring frame code at the very beginning of slicing work. It's main purpose is to speed up your work by generating xhtml markup and a css frame out of very intuitive, shortened syntax so you can jump directly to the elements styling.
Tabs Generator
Generate menu tabs in seconds with this great free online tool. With this you can create navigation tabs with border, gradient, orientation, and much more.
PHOTOREE
PHOTOREE the image bookmarking and recommendation system. It intelligently adapts to your preferences and taste, recommending you the best images that may interest you.
CLEVELAND — Terry Francona signed a four-year contract with the Cleveland Indians. He hopes to stay even longer.
‘‘I don't want to be a rental manager,'' Francona said Monday as he was introduced as the club's 42nd manager. ‘‘I didn't want to come in worried. I want to be part of the solution. I want to stick around.
‘‘I didn't come here to go to pasture.''
Francona, who led the Boston Red Sox to two World Series titles, was hired over the weekend by the Indians. He was chosen over Sandy Alomar Jr., who served as the club's final six games after Manny Acta was fired. Francona takes overs an Indians team that collapsed from contention by going 5-24 in August and finishing 68-94, the third time in the past four seasons they have lost at least 90 games.
Advertisement
Francona and Alomar were the only candidates to interview for the job. Financial terms of Francona's deal were not immediately known.
Francona spent the past year as a TV analyst, stepping away from the game after the Red Sox following the team's historic September collapse in 2011.
The 53-year-old previously worked in Cleveland's front office, and Francona said the chance to work again with Indians general manager Chris Antonetti and team president Mark Shapiro was the most intriguing aspect of taking the job.
The Indians have always held a special place for Francona. His 78-year-old father, Tito, played in Cleveland from 1959-64 and Francona said he cried when he told his father he had accepted the Indians' job.
Tito Francona attended his son's news conference.
Francona said he has not yet hired any coaches for his staff. Alomar could return as Cleveland's bench coach, but the 46-year-old, who served as the club's interim manager for the final six games, could be a candidate for other managerial openings.
Since agreeing to join the Indians, Francona said he has reached out to several players and is eager to begin getting the team headed in the right direction.
Advertisement
‘‘This is a clean slate for everybody,'' said Francona, who is excited about Cleveland's core of young players. ‘‘Dealing with players is fun. Dealing with young players is really fun.''
Francona said the year working as a broadcaster has re-energized him. He missed being around players and felt uncomfortable when he returned to the clubhouse. He also learned from the mistake he made in his final season with the Red Sox.
‘‘We didn't handle frustration very well and we paid the price,'' he said.
Francona won't have the same massive payroll he enjoyed in Boston, but Francona said he's never worried about a player's salary.
Buy Tickets
‘‘I don't care what players are making,'' he said. ‘‘I want them to play the game right.''
Francona will attend the team's organizational meetings this week in Goodyear, Ariz.
‘‘I will do a lot of listening,' he said. ‘‘I've got a lot of learning to do.''
CTVNews.ca Staff
Nearly 3,000 auto jobs in Oshawa, Ont., remain in limbo after Canada's economic development minister received no solid commitments from General Motors' chief at a key meeting in Davos.
GM CEO Mary Barra spoke with Navdeep Bains Thursday morning, shortly before she met privately with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Bains said he pitched Ontario as an automotive hub well-equipped to build self-driving cars -- a highly buzzed innovation in the auto industry.
But the company gave no clear indication as to the future of the Oshawa plant, which laid off about 1,000 employees last November.
“When it came to specific production sites and vehicles, they'll make that determination on a going-forward basis, but there were no specifics that were provided at that time,” Bains said at a press conference.
It's unclear what's next for the GM plant, which will see its final Chevy Equinox roll off the assembly line in 2017. Three other cars -- the Chevy Impala, Buick Regal and Cadillac XTS -- will cease production this year.
GM has said that it won't make any decisions until it concludes union negotiations later this year.
Canadian autoworkers' union Unifor hopes the Detroit-based company will take advantage of the falling loonie to modernize the Oshawa facility for the production of high-tech vehicles.
“We are sitting today at a Canadian dollar below 70 cents. They're printing money based on the operations. Why wouldn't they take advantage of that?” Unifor national president Jerry Dias told CTV News.
The government says that a $500 million innovation fund is available if the car company is interested in keeping the plant alive.
"These decisions by companies are not made on the spot. What they're looking for is a government that's willing to work with them, to partner with them," Bains said.
The company has gradually moved production outside Canada to places such as Michigan, despite the federal and provincial government pouring billions into the company amid the 2008 economic crash. The investment was made, in part, to help keep auto jobs in Ontario.
GM's indecision comes as Trudeau aims to rebrand Canada from a resource-rich nation to a country of resourceful and highly educated workers.
No firm deals have been inked, but officials say the prime minister is making important relationships for the future.
GM wasn't the only automaker on the prime minister's agenda. Trudeau also met with the chairman of India's Tata Motors, which builds the world's cheapest car, the Tata Nano.
The company has considered moving production to North America.
And while Canada hasn't locked down any deals, Trudeau seems to be in high demand. According to one report, about 400 people came for his keynote address Wednesday -- more than were in the room just minutes before as two top Iranian officials spoke.
With files CTV's Richard Madan in Davos and The Canadian Press
We are delighted to announce the signing of Heung-Min Son from Bayer Leverkusen, subject to work permit and international clearance.
The forward has signed a contract with the Club until 2020.
The South Korea international originally moved to Germany as a teenager and came through the ranks at Hamburger SV, scoring on his Bundesliga debut in October 2010 against 1. FC Köln.
A consistent goalscorer throughout his time in Germany, Son went on to make 78 appearances and score 20 times for Hamburg before joining Bayer Leverkusen in June, 2013.
He has helped them to Champions League qualification in each of his two seasons and made a total of 87 appearances, scoring 29 times at BayArena.
The 23-year-old is also a regular at international level with 11 goals in his 44 appearances for South Korea to date, including scoring against Algeria at the 2014 World Cup Finals.
He will wear the number 7 shirt with ‘Son' on his back.
The storm currently hitting metropolitan and rural NSW is the heaviest the state has seen in many years.
So far, we've seen a cruise ship, The Carnival Spirit, being halted at Sydney Heads, unable to enter the Harbour for safety reasons. The boat is stuck in choppy waters, and passengers are suffering from sea sickness. Ferry services have also stopped.
Twitter has been overwhelmed with images of areas affected by the storms:
MANLY: This driver's dashcam captures the flooded roads in Sydney's northern beaches. #SydneyStorms #9News pic.twitter.com/l2biHprJFO — Nine News Sydney (@9NewsSyd) April 21, 2015
It has also been confirmed that three people have passed away in the rural NSW town of Dungog. One elderly woman and two elderly men were confirmed to be deceased after their homes were swept away, as reported by local news, The Dungog Chronicle.
A resident of Dungog posted devastating footage earlier today of a house being swept away in fast-moving flood waters. Roads and bridges have been washed away, power has been down, and mobile phone and landlines were unresponsive.
BOM:Sydney has picked up 100mm of rain over the last 12hrs but some areas in the Hunter have picked up those amounts in as little as an hour — Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) April 21, 2015
In a press conference with Emergency Services Commissioner Adam Dent, Premier Mike Baird has urged people to head home from work before the storm gets worse, and to stay home:
Premier @mikebairdMP has urged people to start to head home from work, with weather conditions expected to worsen http://t.co/gLIVdpcQfk — smh.com.au (@smh) April 21, 2015
The Premier also said that the SES has currently fielded around 4500 calls to emergency services asking for assistance, and that there are three hospitals currently operating purely on backup power.
“There are three hospitals without power operating on the basis of backup. There are back-up generators running” @mikebairdMP says #nswstorms — Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) April 21, 2015
via 9 News
Image via Higgins Storm Chasing Facebook
Story highlights Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly contracted Ebola while helping others in Liberia
Both were flown home to the U.S. and are being treated at Emory University Hospital
Nancy Writebol's husband says she's not yet in the clear but "in very good hands"
Kent Brantly says his "focus ... remains the same -- to follow God"
Like the other American who volunteered to help others in Africa and ended up with Ebola, Nancy Writebol is driven first and foremost by her fervent faith.
Still, that doesn't mean she doesn't need -- or deserve -- a pick-me-up.
So, after arriving at Atlanta's Emory University Hospital from Liberia, Nancy Writebol asked for -- and received -- coffee from Starbucks. That was a definite plus about being back in her home country, though her husband acknowledges she has a long way to go to beat the deadly disease.
"I don't believe we can say she is in the clear, (but) I would say she is in very good hands," her husband, David Writebol, said Friday. "... I am praying like never before."
JUST WATCHED Western Africa continues fight with Ebola Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Western Africa continues fight with Ebola 01:40
Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – The current Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa is thought to have infected 1,093 people, and killed 660. Doctors Without Borders has described the epidemic as "out of control." Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – The outbreak began in forested areas of south-eastern Guinea, before spreading into Sierra Leone and Liberia. Pictured, a health specialist works in a lab set up in a tent at the Doctors Without Borders facility in Gueckedou, Guinea. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – Symptoms of Ebola hemorrhagic fever typically include: weakness, fever, aches, diarrhea, vomiting and stomach pain. Additional experiences include rash, red eyes, chest pain, throat soreness, difficulty breathing or swallowing, and bleeding. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – People can be infected by others if they come into contact with body fluids from an infected person or contaminated objects from infected persons. Pictured, Guinean Red Cross members spread awareness about the Ebola virus. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – Typically, symptoms appear 8-10 days after exposure to the virus, but the incubation period can span two to 21 days. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – The Ivorian Ministry of Health has asked Ivorians to avoid consuming or handling bushmeat. The virus can spread to animal primates and humans who handle infected meat -- a risk given the informal trade in bushmeat in forested central and West Africa. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – The World Health Organization says that healthcare workers have been attacked and threatened in some affected villages. Healthcare workers have struggled to convince some communities to change traditional burial practices that could promote transmission of the virus. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – Gloves and boots used by medical staff, drying in the sun, at a center for victims of the Ebola virus in Gueckedou, Guinea. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Ebola virus in West Africa Ebola outbreak – Isolation tents at Donka Hospital in Conakry, Guinea. This is the first outbreak to have affected Guinea. Previous outbreaks have affected Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, and Republic of the Congo. Hide Caption 9 of 9
On the same day he spoke about his wife's illness, the other infected American, who is being treated at the same Atlanta hospital, spoke publicly for the first time.
JUST WATCHED Go inside plane that held Ebola patients Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Go inside plane that held Ebola patients 02:09
Dr. Kent Brantly said in a statement that he is receiving "the very best care possible" and "growing stronger every day."
Brantly and the Writebols talked about what led them to Liberia, where they thrust themselves into the midst of poverty and disease with a mission focusing on those in need. They also spoke about their struggles now to overcome Ebola.
Brantly, 33, went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship through a Samaritan's Purse post-residency program to practice general medicine.
But everything changed when Ebola started to sweep through West Africa. Brantly got a new role as medical director for the Samaritan's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia.
"I held the hands of countless individuals as this terrible disease took their lives away from them," he said Friday. "I witnessed the horror firsthand and I can still remember every face and name."
It was in Monrovia where Brantly said he "immediately isolated" himself after first feeling ill. Three days later, his Ebola diagnosis was confirmed, though it didn't trigger the emotional response one might expect.
"When the result was positive, I remember a deep sense of peace that was beyond all understanding," he said. "God was reminding me of what he had taught me years ago, that he will give me everything I need to be faithful to him."
Two weeks after that diagnosis, Brantly said, "My focus ... remains the same -- to follow God."
That strong Christian faith also echoed throughout David Writebol's comments about his wife.
Married for 40 years, the Writebols have traveled the globe focused on their faith and their desire to help others.
They are an ocean apart now, though plans are in the works to bring David Writebol from Liberia to be with his wife in Atlanta. When they do reunite, David said, "I would give her a kiss. Hold her."
After that, the couple wouldn't necessarily go back to the comforts of America and more coffee from Starbucks. Ebola might have derailed them, but it hasn't changed their purpose in life.
"We aren't going to stop our ministry," David Writebol said. "We believe we can serve wherever God sends us."
Arsene Wenger has revealed a whole host of players is facing late fitness tests ahead of tomorrow's North London derby.
The boss indicated yesterday that Bacary Sagna, Theo Walcott, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Wojciech Szczesny would be put through their paces in training today, but he's now added the likes of Mikel Arteta, Santi Cazorla and Olivier Giroud to the list.
While the check on Cazorla may well be routine given his late return from international duty, it's a slight worry that Arteta appears to have picked up a hip injury despite remaining at London Colney all week and Giroud is struggling with calf and hamstring problems. Without wanting to unduly panic anybody, it does appear that Marouane Chamakh is our only fit attacker. (Update – forgot about Podolski…)
Interestingly, there doesn't appear to be anything wrong with Thomas Vermaelen despite the Belgian pulling out of his country's squad this week.
Kieran Gibbs, Abou Diaby and Tomas Rosicky remain sidelined for a match which the boss believes can shape the season: “We're a long way off the leaders so it's important to come back,” he stated.
Asked by the press if Spurs were closing the gap Wenger also took the chance to have a cheeky dig at them down the road what live in our shadows by retorting: “I get this question every year.”
At least a half dozen senior citizens here in Tennessee say they lost their lives savings.
And the man responsible, they say, was their financial advisor who promised to make their golden years even more golden.
Now they're angry, embarrassed and worried about their futures. They trusted this man and now he's accused of taking their money and spending it on himself.
When NewsChannel 5 Investigates first caught up with John Wilson, he wouldn't even admit who he was. It was outside the federal Courthouse in downtown Nashville as Wilson was heading inside.
We approached him and asked, "John Wilson?" He replied, "Who?" We said again, "John Wilson?" And, he responded, "No."
But Donna Siewert knows him all too well.
"I trusted him, of course," she recalled.
Siewert said Wilson came to her, promising financial security and a tax free retirement.
But that's not the way it worked out.
"I've lost everything," she told NewsChannel 5 Investigates.
And she isn't the only one.
Susan Gilmore explained, "My mother was 85, had early dementia and she trusted him."
Gilmore and her sister, Amy Nix, say their mother Paula Gilmore also got taken by Wilson.
"This guy took everything she had -- her house, the life insurance," Susan Gilmore recounted.
In fact, the state of Tennessee recently suspended his insurance license after an investigation found Wilson -- who ran Preserve Financial Group in Brentwood -- used "a scheme to defraud his clients out of their retirement money," selling them "multiple insurance policies" "to obtain increased commissions."
In all, regulators say at least half a dozen of Wilson's clients lost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Nearly all of them were senior citizens.
Donna Siewert is 77.
"You think he took advantage of that?" NewsChannel 5 Investigates asked her.
"Of course, he did!" Siewert exclaimed.
Siewert said that Wilson pressured her to sell the life insurance policies she and her husband already had plus real estate they owned to buy another insurance policy that state insurance investigators described as "extreme"and "extraordinarily" and "unsuitably expensive."
"So he had you buy insurance that you couldn't afford and you didn't need?" we asked.
"Yes, I really didn't," Siewert confirmed.
The premium on that policy was nearly $9,000 a month and Siewert said Wilson pushed her to get a reverse mortgage on her historic home and surrender a $20,000 annuity to make the payments.
"That was just a very bad idea," Siewert remarked. "Why do you think he suggested it then?" NewsChannel 5 Investigates wondered. "Cause it gave him cash in hand," she said.
Siewert said Wilson even offered to help pay the monthly premiums, but the checks bounced and ultimately the policy was canceled for non-payment.
Siewert now says she has no life insurance and her retirement savings are gone.
"It's an awful feeling when you find that you've just been used and abused and it was deliberate and it makes you angry," Siewert lamented.
When we found Wilson recently in front of the federal Courthouse, we asked him, "Your clients say you stole their money?"
"Absolutely not true," Wilson insisted.
"Their life savings?" we continued.
"That's not true," he replied.
And while Wilson denied any wrongdoing, he now faces federal fraud charges for swindling money from his clients and using it "for his own personal use."
Amy Nix and Susan Gilmore's mother, Paula, died earlier this year, just months after discovering she was suddenly in serious financial trouble.
"She couldn't understand why somebody would want to do that to her," Nix recalled.
"I think she was just convinced that he was going to double her money and make everything good," Gilmore added.
Instead, the sisters say Wilson had their mom buy expensive life insurance, which was then cashed out to buy more policies, creating more commissions for him.
And like other victims, Wilson convinced Paula Gilmore to take out a reverse mortgage.
"It was $70,000," Nix recalled.
"He took all of that money?" NewsChannel 5 Investigates asked.
"Took all of it," she answered.
Wilson told Gilmore he would invest the money in his own company's stock.
But federal prosecutors say in court documents "there was no such stock" and instead of investing the money, Wilson kept it for himself.
Additionally, the state found Wilson also gained access to Gilmore's bank account and three credit cards.
"And who used these credit cards?" we asked Amy Nix.
"He did!" she replied.
Records show Wilson racked up of tens of thousands of dollars in charges for things like a family vacation to Hilton Head, a private fishing charter, airline tickets, and concert and football tickets.
There was even an $1,100 charge to MTSU where Wilson's son was a student.
Gilmore's daughters say their mother lost nearly a quarter of a million dollars because of John Wilson.
"John Wilson got her for everything," Susan Gilmore stated tearfully.
He promised his clients financial security, but left them with nothing.
"I thought I was pretty careful. But, obviously, he's much better than I ever was," Donna Siewert added.
So how do you keep this from happening to you?
The Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance recommends that you say "no" to anyone who pushes you to make an immediate decision on an investment. And make sure the financial advisor and their firm is licensed before you sign anything.
As far as John Wilson, he now faces 40 years in prison and a half a million dollars in fines on those federal charges. The state of Tennessee is also going after him. They're trying to revoke his license and ban him from selling insurance again. The state is also seeking $700,000 in fines.
Tips from the Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance's (TDCI) Securities Division to help older investors avoid financial exploitation:
1. Don't be a courtesy victim. Con artists will not hesitate to exploit your good manners. When a stranger asks for your money, you should proceed with the utmost caution. You are under absolutely no obligation to stay on the phone with a stranger or allow them in your home. Save your good manners for friends and family members, not strangers whose only real interest is to get his or her hands on your money.
2. Say "no" to investment professionals or con artists who press you to make an immediate decision. Before investing, check out the salesperson, firm and the investment opportunity itself. Extensive background information on investment salespeople and firms is available by contacting the Tennessee Securities Division. Almost all investment opportunities must be registered for sale in the state in which you live. Your state securities agency can tell you if the investment opportunity is properly registered. Before you part with your hard-earned savings, get written information about the investment opportunity, review it carefully, and make sure that you understand all the risks involved.
3. Always stay in charge of your money. Beware of anyone who suggests investing your money into something you don't understand or who urges that you leave everything in his or her hands. Take the time to educate yourself or involve a family member or a professional, such as your banker, before trusting a stranger who wants you to turn over your money and then sit back and wait for results.
4. Watch out for salespeople that prey on your fears. Con artists know you worry about either outliving your savings or seeing all of your financial resources vanish overnight as the result of a catastrophic event, such as a costly hospitalization. Fear can cloud your good judgment. An investment that is right for you will make sense because you understand it and feel comfortable with the risk involved.
5. Don't let embarrassment or fear keep you from reporting investment fraud or abuse. Con artists know that you might hesitate to report that you have been victimized in financial schemes out of embarrassment or fear. Every day that you delay reporting fraud or abuse is one more day that the con artist is spending your money and finding new victims.
6. Beware of "reload" scams. Younger victims who are ripped off by swindlers have time to pick themselves up and restore some or all of their losses through new earnings. Older victims have a finite amount of money that is unlikely to be replenished in the event of fraud. The result is a panic that is well known to con artists who have developed schemes to take a "second bite" out of senior citizens who already have been victimized. Faced with a loss of funds, some senior citizens will go along with another scheme in which the con artists promise to make good on the original funds that were lost, and possibly even generate new returns beyond those originally promised. When a significant loss occurs, call the Tennessee Securities Division to check out the person who invested your money before investing any more.
Norwich City have taken Uche Ikpeazu on trial after he was released from Watford.
The striker played for Norwich yesterday in a 4-0 win against Dereham, scoring in the match as well.
Ikpeazu was released by Watford earlier this month having failed to make the grade with The Hornets. Now, Norwich have given him a chance to prove his worth to the Championship outfit.
He has made a good first impression by scoring against Dereham, but could be given the chance to play for the first-team in a friendly before Alex Neil makes a decision over the forward.
The 21-year-old had a very disappointing season at Blackpool on loan last term. He played 12 games, failing to score a single goal for the club. Although, he did score six goals in 28 games for Port Vale in the first half of the season.
He has never played above League One level in his career.
Highlighting the wider stakes, on Wednesday the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, overruling a lower court, said a Texas-style admitting-privileges law in Louisiana that is currently blocked should take immediate effect — which is likely to force three of the state's four abortion clinics to close. Lawyers for the clinics said they would file an emergency appeal to the Supreme Court within days, arguing that the law should continue to be blocked while the justices consider whether such laws are constitutional.
On March 2, the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments on the challenge to the Texas law, which requires abortion doctors to be affiliated with nearby hospitals and also limits abortion to ambulatory surgical centers. Abortion opponents say such measures are needed to protect women, but major medical groups say they will not enhance patient safety and will only reduce women's access to abortion.
Overruling a lower court's injunction, the Fifth Circuit appeals court allowed the Texas admitting-privilege rule to take effect throughout the state in 2013, immediately shuttering about half of what had been more than 40 abortion clinics, although exceptions were later granted for geographically isolated clinics in McAllen and El Paso. The second requirement, mandating costly surgical center facilities, has been temporarily stayed by the Supreme Court, but it would force still more reductions if upheld.
At stake in the case, Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, is not only the future of abortion access in Texas and in the nine other states that, like Alabama and Louisiana, have adopted similar physician rules. It could also affect dozens of other regulations of disputed medical value that have been adopted by numerous states, including limits on nonsurgical drug-induced abortions, mandated building standards for clinics and two-day or three-day waiting periods.
“The Whole Woman's Health case will be a turning point in the battle over access to abortion services,” said Nancy Northup, president of the Center for Reproductive Rights in New York, which will be arguing before the Supreme Court on behalf of Texas abortion clinics and is filing the emergency appeal on behalf of Louisiana clinics.
Griffin et al., April 5, 2000.
BlackBerry Limited, formerly known as Research In Motion Limited (RIM), is a Canadian-based multinational wireless telecommunications software and mobile hardware company best known to the general public as the developer of the BlackBerry brand of smartphones and tablets.
In 1999, RIM introduced the BlackBerry 850 pager. Named in reference to the resemblance of its keyboard's keys to the druplets of the blackberry fruit, the device could receive push email from a Microsoft Exchange Server using its complementary server software, BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES). The introduction of the BlackBerry set the stage for future enterprise-oriented products from the company, such as the BlackBerry 957 in April 2000 which was the first BlackBerry smartphone.
This patent titled 'Hand Held Electronic Device with Auxiliary Input Device' was filed on the 5th of April, 2000. The device is described as having a "keyboard, thumbwheel, display and associated software" which optimized for the use of the device with thumbs!
Originally a dominant innovative company in the smartphone market for business and government usage (with 41% U.S. market share in Q1 2010), the company's share in the U.S. personal consumer market has reduced to 0.8% by Q1 2016 due to Apple and Android device adoption.
Although the Blackberry has become a relic of an earlier smartphone era, it was a revolutionary invention that improved the world of communications and opened up the world of business transactions on the go. This patent print is our homage to a smartphone superpower.
Want to know more about the Blackberry patent print? We have created a description page here.
Until now promoted tweets have only appeared in search results and on the top of the Twitter trends lists. From now on users will start seeing sponsored messages appear in their timelines.
However, they will only see adverts from brands and organisations that they already follow.
Twitter users can remove the advert, or ‘timely tweet', (the name the company has for this new advert) from their timelines with one click.
The business, which is ramping up its commercial activity and opening an advertising sales office in London imminently, made the announcement via its official blog .
“We're introducing a way to ensure that the most important tweets from the organizations you follow reach you directly, by placing them at or near the top of your timeline,” the company-authored post said.
“These promoted tweets will scroll through the timeline like any other tweet, and like regular tweets, they will appear in your timeline just once. Promoted tweets can also be easily dismissed from your timeline with a single click.
“We'll be rolling out and testing this new offering over the next several weeks with a select group of partners, including Best Western, Dell, Gatorade, Groupon, HBO, JetBlue, LivingSocial, Microsoft Xbox, Red Bull, Sephora, Starbucks, Summit Entertainment's “50/50”, TNT and Virgin America among others — with more to come soon. During this phase, you may also see promoted tweets in your timeline from non-profit organizations you follow, including charity: water, Make-A-Wish Foundation, Room to Read, The American Red Cross and Water.org.”
Twitter launched its advertising programme last year, after four years of no commercialisation.
It has yet to scale massively around the world – with many deals still being US-based.
Cybersectarianism is the phenomenon of new religious movements and other groups using the Internet for text distribution, recruitment, and information sharing.
As an organizational type [ edit ]
The term, as coined by political scientist Patricia M. Thornton at the University of Oxford, describes "a unique hybrid form of politico-religious mobilization" adopted by a handful of syncretic qigong (气功) groups that emerged in the People's Republic of China (PRC) during the late 1980s and early 1990s, and were subjected to extreme repression following the crackdown against banned religious and spiritual organizations in 1999.
Cybersectarianism as an organizational form involves: "highly dispersed small groups of practitioners that may remain largely anonymous within the larger social context and operate in relative secrecy, while still linked remotely to a larger network of believers who share a set of practices and texts, and often a common devotion to a particular leader. Overseas supporters provide funding and support; domestic practitioners distribute tracts, participate in acts of resistance, and share information on the internal situation with outsiders. Collectively, members and practitioners of such sects construct viable virtual communities of faith, exchanging personal testimonies and engaging in collective study via email, on-line chat rooms and web-based message boards."[1]
In China [ edit ]
Transnational Chinese cybersects include the group commonly known in the West as Falun Gong (法轮功), Zhong Gong (中华养生益智功), and the Taiwan-based group founded by Suma Ching Hai, commonly referred to in the PRC as Guanyin Famen (观音法门), but rendered in English by the Ching Hai World Society as Quan Yin.[2] Some new transnational Protestant groups also subjected to persecution in the PRC, like Eastern Lightning, have likewise taken to the internet to ensure group survival, and taken on some of the characteristics of cybersects elsewhere.[3] Like the New Cyberreligious Movements (NCRMs) described by Karaflogka,[4] cybersect participants rely upon computer mediated communication (CMC) in their personal religious or spiritual practice, performing cyberpilgrimages, participating in cybermeditation sessions online, and/or cyberevangelism in third-party chatrooms.
Some cybersect members of groups, including Aum Shinrikyo and al Qaeda, engage in "repertoires of electronic contention,"[5] using websites and e-mail to mobilize participants for protest and contention, as well as hactivism (acts of electronic disruption) and even cyberterrorism[citation needed] (acts of physical harm caused by the disruption of power grids, traffic control, and other systems of resource delivery and public safety).
Among Muslims [ edit ]
More recently, Sunni- and Shia- affiliated hackers have attacked and counter-attacked hundreds of websites in a vast struggle over cyberspace that has been characterized as an outbreak of cybersectarianism.[6] Alaeldin Maghaireh describes two principal types of cyber-sectarian conflict in Muslim cyberspace: "Cyber-Islamist Advocacy," which consists of "religious publications, debates, emails awareness, lectures and videos;" and "Islamist Hactivism," which involves "cyberattacks against other religious or non-religious websites."[7] Similarly, Dru C. Gladney describes how Muslim netizens in the Chinese province of Xinjiang have turned to the internet to explore and express their desires for independence with the broader, transnational Uyghur communities, culminating in what Gladney describes as a groundswell of "cyber-separatism."[8]
Other groups [ edit ]
When taken to the airwaves and posted on the internet, divisive sectarian language among Catholic and Protestant residents of post-agreement Northern Ireland has also been described as an outbreak of cybersectarianism by Ballymena-born BBC reporter, Declan Lawn, and others.[9][10][11] In a similar vein, the term is also commonly used to describe the internecine internet-based partisan splintering among various factions of the Socialist Party of America,[12][13] and among members of the Communist League. There is some evidence to suggest that the heavy reliance of such groups on the internet, a medium that not only facilitates but also encourages user interactivity and peer-to-peer information sharing, may present serious challenges to the maintenance of internal coherence and policing of orthodoxy by a central core of leaders.
Cultural theorist Paul Virilio likewise described the San Diego-based UFO religious group Heaven's Gate as a cybersect, due to the group's heavy reliance on CMC as a mode of communication prior to the group's 1997 collective suicide;[14] while Rita M. Hauck of Fort Hays University considers "cybersect" to be a new but widely used term that "implies cyborgs or cybernauts with a collaborative agenda.[15]
Here is an interesting note on testing the disk performance of your AWS instances. Before you can acurately test the performance of your EBS disk you need to read all the sectors of the disk at least once if that disk was created from a snapshot.
Why?
Imagine that I have created a 1TB EBS volume on AWS and filled it with sensitive user data. I no longer require this volume so I am going to delete it.
Now imagine that you, a different user, has come along and requested a 50GB EBS volume from AWS. By chance you have been allocated a section of blocks which were within the range of my now deleted volume. This means you could potentially read some of my sensitive data from your raw disk.
Of course AWS don't want to allow this to happen to their customers so they erase the disk and remove the sensitive data. The interesting thing is that they don't do this when you remove the volume as that would impact the performance of the EBS service. Instead, if the new volume is restored form a snapshot, they erase each block when the new user attempts to read/write to it.
This means that whenever you provision a new EBS volume there is a performance impact whenever you access a block for the first time, as AWS has to erase it before performing your action.
Solution
Most of the time this isn't an issue for users. However if you are building an application which needs high performance disk access from the start, or you want to accurately test the disk performance of your instance, you should manually reset all the blocks yourself.
You can do this by reading your whole disk into /dev/null using the tool dd .
sudo dd if=/dev/xvda of=/dev/null bs=16K
Just replace /dev/xvda with the disk you wish to reset. This action makes no changes to the data already on the disk as it is only reading. It just triggers all the resets to the unused blocks on the underlying EBS storage.
Example
Here is an example of resetting an 8GB boot disk with 24 IOPS on a t2.micro instance.
$ sudo dd if=/dev/xvda of=/dev/null bs=16K 524288+0 records in 524288+0 records out 8589934592 bytes (8.6 GB) copied, 189.241 s, 45.4 MB/s $ sudo dd if=/dev/xvda of=/dev/null bs=16K 524288+0 records in 524288+0 records out 8589934592 bytes (8.6 GB) copied, 133.22 s, 64.5 MB/s $ sudo dd if=/dev/xvda of=/dev/null bs=16K 524288+0 records in 524288+0 records out 8589934592 bytes (8.6 GB) copied, 133.226 s, 64.5 MB/s
Note that the second and third reads of the disk are 42% faster than the initial read. This is because the first read triggered all the resets and the subsequent reads are now directly accessing the disk.
Update This is only true for volumes created from a snapshot. For empty volumes each block is reset on creation. Updated above to reflect this.
The Cry Translator iPhone app is supposed to assist those with little parental instinct by translating the sobs and screams of their children and providing advice. How ever did we all make it to adulthood without apps like this?
The makers of the app claim that it is "accurate 96% of the time" in interpreting "the five baby cries universal to all babies, regardless of culture or language; hungry, sleepy, stressed, annoyed and bored." I don't have a baby nearby, nor did I manage to make anyone cry long enough to test the app, but I sincerely doubt the statistic.
Advertisement
Definitely hoping that no one makes any serious child raising decisions based on this $30 iPhone app. Then again, with some people it might actually improve their parenting. [Cry Translator via Wired]
Our conversation with Jewell Jones
The sudden death this summer of State Representative Julie Plawecki forced Democrats to take quick action.
She had been running unopposed for the State House seat in the 11th District, which covers Dearborn Heights, Inkster, Garden City, Livonia and Westland.
21-year-old Inkster City Councilman Jewell Jones is the party's choice to run in Plawecki's place.
If he wins in November, he'll become the youngest person ever elected as a state lawmaker.
“Being young – that's the time to get involved, because that's when you're able to mold and to actually grow, and get out there, and do more work than the next person,” Jones said.
Hear the full conversation above.
GUEST Jewell Jones is Inkster City Councilman and a full-time student at the University of Michigan-Dearborn, majoring in political science and finance. He's also in the Army Reserve Officers Training Corps.
(Subscribe to the Stateside podcast on iTunes, Google Play, or with this RSS link)
Elements belonging to the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) say Turkish forces have shelled their positions with chemical weapons north of the Syrian city of Manbij.
The Rojava Defense Units released photos of the aftermath of the alleged attacks Thursday, though claims that chemical weapons were used have yet to be corroborated. Turkish state media agency Anadolu confirmed Turkish forces fired upon the YPG after allegedly obtaining intelligence that Kurdish forces were advancing on the nearby city of Jarablus. Turkey and its Free Syrian Army (FSA) allies, backed by U.S. air support, took Jarablus from Islamic State forces Wednesday in Operation Euphrates Shield.
#BREAKING Rockets fired frm #Jarablus hit civilians in rural #Manbij, causing irritation/itching after gas emissions pic.twitter.com/CrJDByGw9V — Rojava Defense Units (@DefenseUnits) August 25, 2016
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu warned that if YPG forces did not move back east of the nearby Euphrates river, they would take “necessary measures.”
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reassured Turkey Thursday that YPG forces would withdraw so Turkish forces could take Jarablus, but reports show at least some of the Kurdish forces failed to do so. (RELATED: These Two US Allies Have Turned On Each Other Instead Of Fighting ISIS)
Turkey has a long and bloody history with its own Kurdish minority, and the U.S. ally considers the YPG a terrorist force. Turkish leaders have long been concerned over the rapid advance of Kurdish forces fighting ISIS along its southern border, allowing the YPG to take Jarablus would be unacceptable from Turkey's perspective.
Turkey's fight with the YPG puts the U.S. in a difficult diplomatic position, as both actors are essential partners in the fight against ISIS. YPG forces, which make up a crucial portion of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), have been regularly supported by the U.S. in the past. Turkey controls the Incirlik air base, which the U.S. uses frequently in anti-ISIS operations.
Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook urged both sides to focus the fight on the fight against ISIS during a press briefing Thursday.
“ISIL (ISIS) poses a threat to all of us,” Cook said, adding that sharing ISIS as a common enemy is a major reason why all parties were initially supportive of the Jarablus operation.
Follow Russ Read on Twitter
Send tips to russ@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Hillary Clinton's health has been a source of speculation for quite some time now. The former New York senator's health has been publicly deteriorating lately, and her latest medical episode was caught on video by a citizen journalist after she abruptly left a 9/11 memorial service after she began to feel ill.
After experiencing what appears to be a “freeze,” where she could not move, she was helped into a large black van, falling and losing her shoe on the way in.
Dr. Ted Noel, who is a retired Florida physician, provides some insight into Clinton's health and the apparent freeze before getting into the van. Dr. Noel remains skeptical about the official explanation for her current health crisis that she was dehydrated. Nor does he believe that she has pneumonia.
He points out in his latest video, “Hillary Clinton — Ground Zero Analysis,” that as Clinton is helped into the van by Secret Service agents, her entire body, including her neck, remain rigid, even as she falls into the van.
“If you or I are falling forward, we will act to protect ourselves. We will push our hands forward to break our fall while bending our head forward to see how we can best protect ourselves. Hillary does none of this. She is frozen in position, incapable of protecting herself or assisting the team. It's as if she's a mannequin.”
Dr. Noel then posits the theory that Clinton felt her health worsening, her levodopa levels falling and she realized she needed to leave, but didn't get out in time. While waiting, he says, she could have had a Parkinson's freeze, where her mind knows what's going on but her body was not cooperating.
If Clinton really did have pneumonia, he says, she should have been rushed to a hospital after she collapsed, but instead was taken to daughter Chelsea's apartment. Ninety minutes later Hillary's health seemed back to normal. That doesn't happen when a person is suffering from a serious illness like pneumonia.
“If Hillary has pneumonia bad enough to make her collapse, she's not going to be able to put on a happy face for the cameras.”
Ever since this medical episode, Hillary's health has been a huge issue and a trending topic in social media. Clinton has also maintained a low profile since heading to her home in Chappaqua, New York, where she is said to be recovering. However, on Monday night she did a phone interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper, during which she said she didn't think her illness would be “that big a deal.”
Clinton then claimed that it was very hot and humid, when in fact is been actually rather mild with a breeze and moderate humidity with a high of 85 degrees, according to The Weather Channel. That's hardly hot enough to cause heat stroke or dehydration, and in any event, those who experience these things don't just bounce back after 90 minutes.
Hillary was neither sweating profusely — as Dr. Noel pointed out in his video — nor did she have flushed skin or vomiting before getting into the van. Her handlers should have removed her jacket and immediately given her some water before the van arrived. It's difficult to accept that not a single one of her handlers had a bottle of water in their possession for such an event, given Clinton's tendency to collapse from dehydration.
[Andrew Harnik/AP Images]
Since Monday evening, though, Hillary Clinton has not resurfaced as of this publication. However, NPR reports that she is scheduled to return to the campaign trail on Thursday.
Her plans to continue campaigning so soon after what appears to be a major health issue is troubling. More so if she does, indeed, have a serious, debilitating and degenerative neurological disorder, such as Parkinson's disease. If she manages to get elected in November, her chronic health problems will render her unable to serve. And who would serve in her place should that happen?
As Chicago Tribune's John Kass writes, the duty would officially fall to Tim Kaine, but as a Clinton loyalist, he would likely have little power. The duty would fall on Bill Clinton. The former president would take over Hillary's duties should her health decline. It's not unheard of and it is not the first time this has happened. As Kass writes, Woodrow Wilson's wife essentially ran the show during his last few months in office after his health suffered following a stroke.
“Edith Wilson was the boss. And so it would be with Bill, even more so because Edith Wilson was not a former president.”
Even though the 25th Amendment calls for the Vice President to take over the duties of President should the sitting president die or be unable to fulfill his or her duties, there is little doubt that Kaine would merely be a figurehead, acting as president, while Bill Clinton worked the machine behind the scenes. And this is where it gets a little more clear as to why the establishment wants Hillary to win.
Bill Clinton could be the actual reason why the DNC will resist nominating Bernie Sanders, the runner-up, should Hillary's health become worse. Bernie won't work with the powers that be, and would not give them what they want. If Hillary Clinton can make it long enough to get into the White House, Bill can take over and act as de facto president. If Hillary's health becomes such that she must resign, her V.P., Tim Kaine, would give the oligarchy what it wants.
[Jae C. Hong/AP Images]
Hillary has stated before that Bill would take care of the economic policy should she win, according to a CNN report. Bill has stumped for her since 2007. He appeared multiple times on late night talk shows, like David Letterman. After then-Senator Barack Obama was nominated in 2008, Bill Clinton appeared on Letterman for a full show and discussed the flailing economy. Letterman then asked him who would actually want the job of digging the economy out of its current hole.
“We'll have a new administration in five, six weeks, and you ask yourself, or does it ever occur to you, who in God's name would really want the job now?”
Bill's answer was just vague enough that most people didn't think anything of it. In hindsight, however, it leaves one wondering if he was speaking of himself.
“In the traditional game theory, everybody should want it now, because they figured it can't get any worse … I think it would be a great honor to be President now because the American people deserve a stable financial system.”
He later said he would not want to be president now, but given what's happened in the last eight years, it's possible he is relishing the opportunity to be back in the White House again, even if it's as First Gentleman. If Hillary's doctors can maintain her health long enough for her to be sworn in, then the establishment will get what it wants: Bill in the White House and Tim Kaine as a backup.
[Photo by Carolyn Kaster/AP Images]
Welcome to Sunday Matinee, where we highlight classic car reviews or other longer videos I find on YouTube. Kick back and enjoy this blast from the past.
This video clearly comes from a very long time ago, as evidenced by the fact that Jeremy Clarkson does not look like he has yet smoked all the cigarettes in the entire world, and his claims that diesel is unpopular in the United Kingdom.
It may be hard to believe now, as Europe seems to be flooded with nothing but diesel-engined cars, but there apparently was a time when they were facing many of the same hurdles that they face now. Not only were they smoky and smelly, but Clarkson had to put on Dexter-esque plastic gloves in order to fill his tank up, lest he get some of the somehow simultaneously sticky-and-oily diesel on his hands. His main complaint also seems to be that diesel-engined cars are slow, with tiny little engines made for economy rather than speed.
The performance part doesn't seem to be an issue with the cars we're getting on these shores nowadays, like the BMW 335d, but there still seems to be some consumer wariness about diesel cleanliness and noise. Maybe Serial Killer Clarkson can help everyone out?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton have been placed on red alert after Kasper Dolberg insists he would reject any approach from the Premier League elite.
The Danish wonderkid has scored 18 goals in 37 appearances for Ajax this season and it being tracked by some of Europe's big-hitters.
Everton have been scouting the 19-year-old but feared they would struggle to compete with clubs able to offer Champions League football.
But in an interview with FourFourTwo magazine Dolberg said he would rebuff advances from such clubs at this stage of his career.
Asked about being linked with such clubs as Manchester City or Manchester United, the teenage forward said: “No, it's too big a step to go to City or United now.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It's important to keep on playing, as I don't knonw what could happen in the future.
“I have not got a dream league. It's important which kind of club is keen - in terms of playing style and also how it is at the club.
“You look at the whole package.”
Everton rate Dolberg highly but know it would require them to break their club transfer record to land one of Europe's hottest prospects.
George Burns / Harpo Productions David Blaine sits atop a sphere where he set a new world record for breath-holding, Wednesday, April 30, 2008, at 17 minutes and 4.4 seconds, during a live telecast of The Oprah Winfrey Show in Chicago.
For most non-medical people, the term "apnea" is most familiar when coupled with the word "sleep," and refers to a dangerous condition in which people inadvertently stop breathing while asleep. But the word literally means a temporary cessation of breathing and it is practiced (on purpose) around the world by an international community of extreme athletes  a brotherhood that now includes magician and stuntman David Blaine. On the set of The Oprah Winfrey Show on April 30, Blaine broke the world record by holding his breath for 17 minutes and 4 seconds  proving that just how temporary apnea can be is a question of training, endurance and will.
An average person in good health can hold his breath for about two minutes, but with even small amounts of practice it is possible to increase that time dramatically. "The body can be trained," explains Dr. Ralph Potkin, a pulmonary specialist who worked with Blaine in the weeks leading up to his recent feat. (See the top 10 scientific discoveries of 2010.)
When you deprive your body of oxygen, it is only a matter of time before your carbon dioxide levels build, triggering a reflex that will cause your breathing muscles  including the diaphragm and the muscles between the ribs  to spasm. The pain of these spasms is what causes most people to gulp for breath after just a couple of minutes. When holding your breath underwater, however, you have a bit of mammalian evolution on your side. When humans are submerged in cold water, our bodies instinctively prepare to conserve oxygen, much in the way that dolphins' and whales' bodies do when they dive. "Heart rate drops, blood pressure goes up and circulation gets redistributed," Potkin says. The body's focus becomes getting the oxygenated blood primarily to the vital organs  the brain and the heart  and not the extremities or abdomen.
This reflex can help us conserve the oxygen we do have, but it doesn't do much for the painful muscle spasms. Overcoming This is a matter of concentration and meditation. "This is one of those Zen sports," Potkin explains.
Suppressing the powerful pain impulse too successfully can prove deadly: subjects can continue holding their breath up to the point that their brains shut down from lack of oxygen. If you're 100 feet underwater  or even three feet underwater in a pool  it's not a good time to pass out. In order to break the world record, Blaine had to hold his breath without fainting. (Had he continued until he'd depleted his brain's oxygen, however, Potkin is convinced he could have gone for another full minute.)
That of course, is down to months of rigorous training, including practicing a technique called glossopharyngeal insufflation, or lung packing. In order to maximize the amount of air taken into the lungs before apnea, Blaine, among other divers, inhaled until his lungs were filled to their physiological capacity, and then forced additional air into the lungs by swallowing, hard. Using this technique, Blaine was able to cram another quart's worth of air into his already full lungs, Potkin estimates. (He also fasted before before the actual record breaking act, in order to have more room for his lungs to expand without bumping up against a full stomach.) In a study of five elite free divers, who descend to scuba-diving depths without the aid of equipment, Potkin found that the lung packing was "associated with deeper dives and longer holding times." (See the top 10 medical breakthroughs of 2010.)
Of course, another factor associated with longer holding times is the consumption of pure oxygen beforehand. The world record for holding your breath after inhaling pure oxygen is now Blaine's  17 minutes and 4 seconds. The record without the pure oxygen, which Blaine failed to break during an attempt last year in Manhattan's Lincoln Center, is 8 minutes and 58 seconds.
With or without pure oxygen, holding your breath is a difficult and dangerous pastime even for elite athletes. When not done carefully, it can lead to drowning, or to potential tissue damage in the heart, brains or lungs. Preliminary results from Potkin's research into apnea's long-term effects show some abnormal brain scans among young, extreme free divers. There's still much to learn about the phenomenon; as a medical student, Potkin recalls, he was told that no one could hold his breath for more than five minutes without suffering brain damage. Now, he wants to see if the technique can be used for medical purposes  and he's hoping Blaine's latest stunt provides the impetus for a greater scientific understanding of how to hold one's breath.
See TIME's Pictures of the Week.
The dust-up between New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul over presidential fidelity to the Constitution – particularly the Fourth Amendment – was the most illuminating two minutes of the Republican debate last week.
It is a well-regarded historical truism that the Fourth Amendment was written by victims of government snooping, the 1770s version. The Framers wrote it to assure that the new federal government could never do to Americans what the king had done to the colonists.
What did the king do? He dispatched British agents and soldiers into the colonists' homes and businesses ostensibly looking for proof of payment of the king's taxes and armed with general warrants issued by a secret court in London.
A general warrant did not name the person or place that was the target of the warrant, nor did it require the government to show any suspicion or evidence in order to obtain it. The government merely told the secret court it needed the warrant – the standard was "governmental need" – and the court issued it. General warrants authorized the bearer to search wherever he wished and to seize whatever he found.
The Fourth Amendment requires the government to present to a judge evidence of wrongdoing on the part of a specific target of the warrant, and it requires that the warrant specifically describe the place to be searched or the person or thing to be seized. The whole purpose of the Fourth Amendment is to protect the right to be left alone – privacy – by preventing general warrants.
The evidence of wrongdoing that the government must present in order to persuade a judge to sign a warrant must constitute probable cause. Probable cause is a level of evidence sufficient to induce a neutral judge to conclude that it is more likely than not that the government will find what it is looking for in the place it wants to search, and that what it is looking for will be evidence of criminal behavior.
But the government has given itself the power to cut constitutional corners. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, the Patriot Act and the Freedom Act totally disregard the Fourth Amendment by dispensing with the probable cause requirement and substituting instead – incredibly – the old British governmental need standard.
Hence, under any of the above federal laws, none of which is constitutional, the NSA can read whatever emails, listen to whatever phone calls in real time, and capture whatever text messages, monthly bank statements, credit card bills, legal or medical records it wishes merely by telling a secret court in Washington, D.C., that it needs them.
And the government gets this data by area codes or zip codes, or by telecom or computer server customer lists, not by naming a person or place about whom or which it is suspicious.
These federal acts not only violate the Fourth Amendment, they not only bring back a system the Founders and the Framers hated, rejected and fought a war to be rid of, they not only are contrary to the letter and spirit of the Constitution, but they produce information overload by getting all the data they can about everyone. Stated differently, under the present search-them-all regime, the bad guys can get through because the feds have more data than they can analyze, thus diluting their ability to focus on the bad guys.
Among the current presidential candidates, only Paul has expressed an understanding of this and has advocated for fidelity to the Constitution. He wants the government to follow the Fourth Amendment it has sworn to uphold. He is not against all spying, just against spying on all of us. He wants the feds to get a warrant based on probable cause before spying on anyone, because that's what the Constitution requires. The remaining presidential candidates – the Republicans and Hillary Clinton – prefer the unconstitutional governmental need standard, as does President Obama.
But Christie advocated an approach more radical than the president's when he argued with Paul during the debate last week. He actually said that in order to acquire probable cause, the feds need to listen to everyone's phone calls and read everyone's emails first. He effectively argued that the feds need to break into a house first to see what evidence they can find there so as to present that evidence to a judge and get a search warrant to enter the house.
Such a circuitous argument would have made Joe Stalin happy, but it flunks American Criminal Procedure 101. It is the job of law enforcement to acquire probable cause without violating the Fourth Amendment. The whole purpose of the probable because standard is to force the government to focus on people it suspects of wrongdoing and leave the rest of us alone. Christie wants the feds to use a fish net. Paul argues that the Constitution requires the feds to use a fish hook.
Christie rejects the plain meaning of the Constitution, as well as the arguments of the Framers, and he ignores the lessons of history. The idea that the government must break the law in order to enforce it or violate the Constitution in order to preserve it is the stuff of tyrannies, not free people.
Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel. Judge Napolitano has written seven books on the U.S. Constitution. The most recent is Suicide Pact: The Radical Expansion of Presidential Powers and the Lethal Threat to American Liberty. To find out more about Judge Napolitano and to read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2014 ANDREW P. NAPOLITANO – DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Read more by Andrew P. Napolitano
There are 36 women's hockey programs competing at the NCAA Division I level. As of today, the number one ranked team in the RPI has a strength of schedule of......38th. Sitting above traditional powers like Wisconsin, Boston College, Minnesota, and Clarkson, Saint Anselm College is ranked as the top team in the country according to the computer ranking that plays a significant role in selecting the NCAA Tournament field.
So how did the Division II school from Wikipedia tells me New Hampshire get there? And could they really find themselves hosting an NCAA Tournament quarterfinal for the right to participate in the Frozen Four?
The answer to the latter is the easier question. Yes, Saint Anselm absolutely could make the NCAA Tournament. The NCAA has never offered a Division II national tournament because there are only a handful of teams, so Division II has always technically been lumped in with the Division I tournament. Any D-I or D-II team that plays at least 20 games against other D-I/D-II teams is eligible to make the tournament.
Why this is becoming an issue this year when it never has in the past is a slightly more complex and interesting story.
When Saint Anselm added a women's hockey program in 2004, there were not enough D-II programs to form their own conference. So in order to find a conference home to make scheduling workable, the few D-II schools in the east joined the D-III New England Hockey Conference. They weren't eligible for postseason play in D-III because schools aren't allowed to play down a level, and they weren't playing enough games against D-I/D-II schools to meet that 20 game threshold to be eligible for the D-I/D-II tourney, but they had enough games to play against a reasonable level of competition. The NEHC conducted two separate postseason tournaments, one for the league's eight D-III schools in which they competed for an NCAA bid, and another “open” championship in which five schools not eligible for a national tournament played.
This arrangement worked for a while. But in 2016, the NEHC announced that they wanted their conference to be entirely D-III and would not be renewing the contracts of the league's non-D-III members, which expired June 30, 2017.
The move wasn't a huge surprise. The year prior, Saint Anselm entered into the first step towards moving their athletics program to Division III, which was met with protests from the athletic program at-large who had a larger base of D-II teams to compete against. Ultimately, the school decided to stay at D-II after they were not accepted into the New England Men's and Women's Athletic Conference, the parent of hockey's NEHC, which again, was met with protests, this time by the hockey programs, who don't have much D-II competition to play against.
The men's program at Saint Anselm was able to cobble together a six-team D-II conference, though with no postseason tournament to play in and apparently so unpalatable that successful long-time coach Ed Seney resigned over it.
The women's program announced a “scheduling alliance” for the 2017-2018 season with five other programs—D-I independents Holy Cross and Sacred Heart, and D-II independents Franklin Pierce, St. Michael's, and Post. Each team will play the other five teams four times this year, for a total of 20 games, bringing each school to the magical threshold for NCAA Tournament eligibility.
That's really only a temporary solution since Holy Cross is set to join Hockey East next season, but while the future remains in limbo, Saint Anselm is at least tournament eligible this year.
That brings us to the current season where the Hawks are a perfect 8-0-0 against D-I/D-II opponents this year. They've also won a non-conference game against D-III UMass Boston, and lost an exhibition to their old NEHC rival Norwich.
RPI isn't a perfect rating system, but overall I think it does a pretty good job, and is worthy of the incredible amount of trust placed in it in college hockey. But it seems reasonable to say that Saint Anselm is probably not the best women's college hockey team in the country, as RPI says. The problem is that there are two things RPI, or any computer ranking system hates: undefeated records and lack of comparative data.
The undefeated part is fairly obvious. It's very difficult to assume losses for a team that hasn't lost yet. But even if Saint Anselm drops a game somewhere along the way, they might not fall that far.
Lack of comparative data is already problem in women's college hockey with relatively few non-conference games between teams from the east and west. It becomes a huge problem with a schedule as insular as the scheduling alliance teams, which only play nine games total against D-I opponents outside of their group. This is especially problematic when using RPI, which has a bias towards interconference parity.
Grant Salzano has a wonderful breakdown of the issue here:
Since these teams will be, essentially, only be playing each other, there's a two-pronged issue here. First, with no head-to-head or common opponents, RPI will be the only ranking criteria relative to the rest of the D-I programs. Second, without any “connecting” games to compare the Group of 6 with the “regular” D-I teams, RPI will be mathematically unable to determine how good these teams are relative to the rest, and will effectively treat them like they're in an “average” conference. That's right — even though the eyeball test puts these teams somewhere in the middle of the D-III pack, the math will essentially assign them an average strength of schedule relative to the rest of the D-I teams and rank them accordingly.
His maths said it would take 4-5 losses from every alliance team to keep one out of the top 8 against an entirely insular schedule. The nine outside games perhaps bump that loss number down some, but likely only a bit. Holy Cross' shocking upset win over Harvard two weeks ago only helps too. The odds are very good that Saint Anselm has a good enough record to be inside the NCAA Tourney bubble on Selection Day, even if they drop a game or two along the way.
So that leads to the million dollar question: If the computer says Saint Anselm belongs in the NCAA Tournament, will they make the NCAA Tournament?
The selection process for the women's national tournament is similar to the men's in that they use the same Pairwise comparisons you're probably used to. The big difference is that while the men's side is entirely beholden to the numbers on their spreadsheet, occasionally against all prevailing logic, the women's side maintains at least a little bit of wiggle room to deviate from the numbers in extreme cases. And Saint Anselm would certainly seem to be the most extreme case.
Nobody seems to know what will happen if Saint Anselm is technically qualified to be in the NCAA field. The closest we've seen to answer was this interview Grant Salzano conducted with selection committee chair Sarah Fraser at the beginning of the year.
Fraser is very reserved in her remarks, and doesn't give an answer either way. More than anything it seems like the committee hopes this is an issue that will go away on its' own. But if we were to parse her comments as much as possible, the part that sticks out to me is the addition of “each team's full body of work will be evaluated” to the championship manual.
Fraser said games against D-III opponents would not be counted in the RPI, as has always been the case, but would Saint Anselm's blowout loss to Team China in an exhibition game, or loss to D-III Norwich(who is probably pretty good, to be honest) factor into the measure of their “full body of work”?
As the bracketology stands today, Saint Anselm getting in would push mighty Minnesota onto the wrong side of the tournament bubble. It's a tough call if Saint Anselm has met all the criteria as laid out to make the tournament, but clearly isn't one of the eight best teams in women's college hockey. Either way, this issue doesn't appear to be going away, and though no one seems sure how the committee will rule, it's starting to look like they are going to have to make a very tough decision when selecting their tournament field.
