The prayers of Orthodox Jews in search of vibrators, intimate lube and silk handcuffs have been answered. An Israeli rabbi is now selling sex toys over the Internet—and he says it's totally kosher.
Natan Alexander, an Australian-born rabbi living in Etzion settlement bloc south of Jerusalem, launched Better2gether four months ago in a bid to strengthen and enhance couples' love lives. With no nude photos or vulgar language on the site, he says it is appropriate for not only modesty-conscious Orthodox Jews, but also for other conservative people turned off by typical websites selling sexual aids.
“I've been told that people really need something like this,” Alexander, a Jewish educator, told The Times of Israel.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Alexander, a 34-year-old married father of four, says there are two types of people he is trying to serve with his new business.
“The first are couples with specific issues in their sex life, such as the husband's premature ejaculation or the wife's never having had an orgasm,” he said.
“The second are couples that want to spice things up after having been together for a long time. Love can get boring.”
Indeed, with 200 different items for sale on the website, there is no lack of options for spicing things up. Alexander had considered stocking even more products, but decided against them because their packaging was inappropriate for his audience.
Not sure what Gumie Vibes are? Not familiar with the Buzz Butterfly or a Phallic Bullet? No worries. Better2gether provides explanations and FAQ's right there on the site. And if you have a personal question you'd like answered by an expert, you can send that in anonymously using a web form.
Alexander has enlisted half a dozen sex therapists from various streams within Orthodox Judaism to confidentially answer users' questions, and to assist with the website's content.
The rabbi sees Better2gether first and foremost as a resource for couples, and specifically one they can look at and benefit from together.
“So much of the world sees sexuality and sex toys as an individual thing. For instance, a wife might use a dildo while a husband is at work. We are about the opposite. It's better to be with one another while using these aids,” he said.
So far, most of Better2gether's business has come from residents of Jerusalem and its suburbs, but Alexander said that there has also been interest from outside Israel. So far he's been doing most of his marketing via social media and through therapists who refer clients to the website. Alexander has not been able to rely on online searches because Better2gether does not use the more coarse and pornographic language that people often enter into search engines when looking to purchase sex toys.
If the concept of a website selling sex toys in a modest way sounds familiar, that's because a company called KosherSexToys.net was launched in New York back in 2011. But if you click on the link to that website today, you'll see a bunch of scantily clad women in suggestive poses, signaling that a treyf entity has taken over the domain.
So, as of right now, if you are an Orthodox Jew in search of a Loony Lion pleasure ring or a vibrator shaped like the Statue of Liberty, Rabbi Alexander is your go-to guy.
'Bread is not your enemy', according to Christophe Vasseur, baker to the stars.
He's not just a normal baker. He's been voted 'Best Baker in Paris', and his flagship product 'Le Pain des Amis' is served in Alain Ducasse's 3-starred Plaza Athénée Restaurant.
But Vasseur has not always followed this path. Starting his career as a fashion executive, he found himself several years down the line searching for deeper meaning in his life. One day, in what some people might call a mid-life crisis, he decided to quit his well-paid day job and open a bakery, called 'Du Pain et des Idees'. Baking was something that had always inspired him from a young age, but that he had never pursued. For him, bread is a powerful medium, one that can conjure memories of the dead and souvenirs of childhood for a mere €1.50.
His knowledge of bread and the history and culture that surrounds it is impressive. But perhaps the most passionate subject of discussion with him is how bread has become vilified, how it's blamed for all the latest evils: weight gain, bloating, allergies, gluten intolerance. But all this is false. "Bread is extremely good for our health when it's made with high quality flour (or 'noble flours' as the French call them), and either a natural starter (also known as sourdough starter) or a leavening agent (but not both), and when it's left to ferment for at least 24 hours. But when bread is made with modern flour, which contains hybrid strains of wheat, it becomes more allergenic - hence the gluten-related problems that many people are experiencing. Not to mention that bread only becomes fattening when you add extras to it, like butter, cheese or cold cuts."
His obsession with high-quality primary ingredients has paid off. One day, Alain Ducasse tasted Vasseur's famous 'Pain des Amis' after hearing about it from Pierre Herme's ex-wife and famous pastry-chef Christophe Michalak. He decided that it would be the perfect fit for the 10 year anniversary revamp of his 3-starred restaurant, and that it was even deserving of being rolled out on a trolley, served with the best Bordier butter and presented with the luxurious manner that befits such Michelin-starred institutions. For Vasseur it's the ultimate honor, and the definitive sign that his choice to quit fashion and reconvert to baking was the right one. Though he's not your average baker; consider him more of a luxury baker, seeing that Ducasse sends someone every morning to personally pick up and hand-deliver the bread that will be served at the Plaza that day.
He's so passionate about eating good bread that he even brings his own flour on vacation, so that he can whip up a loaf whenever he has a craving. This is also because, unfortunately, he hasn't yet been able to find anyone who can make bread that he enjoys as much as his own.
If you want to make bread as good as his, his top tip is to "make sure you let your dough ferment for 2-3 hours and then after kneading it once, let it ferment again for another 24 hours in the refrigerator at 4 degrees Celsius. Time is the only way for flavors to develop. Also, home cooks should buy the absolute best flour that they can find. It's all about having quality ingredients and giving them time to do their thing."
You won't find any frozen, processed or refined products in his bakery. The flour he uses is organic, the bacon he buys to fill golden mini loaves with comes from happy, free range pigs, and the nougat that he uses is artisanal, made with honey instead of the more commonly used glucose syrup. He uses the famous Valrhona chocolate in his chocolate croissants and regularly attempts more avant-garde experiments such as bread with Japanese whiskey, or croissants flavored with matcha tea or rose water.
He's an old school kind of guy, working in an old school bakery, baking old-school bread according to ancient traditions. He even prefers paper newspapers to digital ones, and just like in a Paris of yesteryear, he gives little crusts of bread to the children and babies that pass through his bakery.
When talking about the future, it's easy to see that Vasseur never plans on retiring. "The word 'retirement' doesn't exist in my vocabulary. If I ever sold this bakery, I think I would become totally depressed. As long as my hands are still strong enough to knead dough, I'll keep going." But for the moment, he's happy to teach his two children how to make excellent bread and croissants so that he can pass on the torch to them ("but only if they want it!"). He's also planning on writing a book where he explains the secrets and successes behind his bakery, "so that people who are in need can make beautiful bread on their own."
You can find Christophe Vasseur at his bakery, Du Pain et des Idees, on most days of the week.
This is Bold & Naked's logo, for some non-orgasmic reason
Last year, a yoga studio in Chelsea phased out women and rebranded as Le Male Yoga, offering up all nude classes to a testosterone-fueled clientele. Le Male Yoga has now re-rebranded as Bold & Naked Yoga, and is welcoming women back into the fold—and along with them come women-only and coed naked yoga classes. But there's nothing sexual about it.
The women-only classes will be different from the studio's all-male, over-55 naked classes: "We work a little more in emotional psychologies, to really help women to feel good about themselves," owner Joschi Schwarz told DNAInfo.
"It's a different way of thinking in yoga land." As for the coed classes, Schwarz insists there's nothing sexual about it—on the website, it even states, "If you are looking for an orgasm, you are in the wrong place."
"I know sexuality is always in people's minds and I have a feeling that a lot of people don't know that yoga has nothing to do with sex at all — it has to do with sensuality, there's nothing wrong with that," Schwarz added. There are of course also regular old vanilla clothed yoga classes at the studio, but it's not quite as exciting when it's something you can do in the back of the cab.
Defense witnesses took the stand Friday as the penalty phase continues in the trial of Isauro Aguirre, convicted of the torture and murder of an 8-year-old Palmdale boy.The defense was striving to put a human face on a man convicted of torturing Gabriel In the years prior to beating Gabriel Fernandez to death , Aguirre was a caregiver for the elderly."Shaving, bathing, dressing, undressing, taking them to meals, escorting," described Susan Weisbarth, director of Woodland Park Retirement Hotel.His former boss said he was a model employee.Weisbarth faced down the prosecutor who is seeking the death penalty."Do you believe there is, within him, some humanities still that is worth saving?" asked Defense Attorney John Alan."I do," Weisbarth replied.Gloria Nieves, a former neighbor of Aguirre and his family, said she was shocked to hear about the defendant's arrest."Very surprised and sad because I know his family and him," Nieves said when she heard about Aguirre's arrest and charges. "Isauro, the young man I have met, very well-mannered, very respectful to others."She said she saw Aguirre interact with children in the neighborhood. Nieves described Aguirre very loving toward the children and said he was caring and very careful with all kids.Nieves added that Aguirre would even help protect the children when they were crossing the street to go to her store."Do you believe Isauro Aguirre is inherently evil?" the defense asked her."No," she replied."Do you believe Isauro Aguirre is good by nature?" the defense asked."Yes," Nieves said.Past good acts contrast with the bad ones. The defense was underway but not before the prosecution's final witness: Gabriel's uncle, who has adopted Gabriel's siblings.Testifying off camera, Christopher Contreras said the image of Gabriel's body in the hospital haunts him until this day."No matter how hard I try, that is how I remember Gabriel now," he said.Still, more than four years after Gabriel's death, they can't talk about him."It is always a bad thing to say Gabriel's name because (of) how the kids react," Contreras added.He said Gabriel's sister is profoundly disturbed."Virginia has tried to hurt herself from guilt. She feels that she should have done more, she could have done more," Contreras shared.The challenge for the jury is reconciling two sides of Aguirre, who had no criminal history before this case.
WA Government denies broken promises in budget
Updated
The WA Government concedes the state has a 'problem with debt', in handing down its first budget since the state election in March.
The Barnett Government expects to post a surplus of $386 million over the 2013/14 financial year, with debt predicted to rise to $22 billion. By the 2016/17 financial year, debt is expected to blow-out to $28.4 billion.
Treasurer Troy Buswell was frank on the issue of debt: "make no mistake, we have a problem with debt".
This financial year the state's economy is forecast to grow by 3.25 per cent - higher than the national growth forecast of 2.5 per cent.
The estimated surplus for last financial year is $239 million but the budget is expected to fall into deficit in the 2014/15 financial year.
The Government has confirmed it will break two of its big-ticket election promises by not delivering its MAX light rail and airport rail link in time by its self-imposed 2018 deadline.
Instead, it has now given both projects an 'anticipated completion' in 2019.
But Mr Buswell denied the new completion dates represented a broken election promise, saying both would still start construction in 2016.
He said he could not provide a final figure on how much private investment there would be in the two major rail projects, but hoped it would be significant.
The Federal Government has already committed $500 million in funding across those two rail projects.
'Financially challenging future' despite forecast growth
Infrastructure, particularly transport, was a key focus of this year's budget.
Mr Buswell said the Government would invest almost $27 billion in infrastructure over the next four year, including $5.7 billion on transport projects.
"To put that investment into perspective, that's the equivalent of four Perth to Mandurah railways," he said.
Mr Buswell said despite forecast growth, the state's rapidly growing population and subdued revenue performance meant WA faced a "financially challenging future."
"This state budget reflects tough but necessary decisions undertaken by the Government to secure our economic future through fundamentally reforming the way in which the public sector operates with the introduction of the $6.8 billion Fiscal Action Plan," he said.
As part of the Government's so-called Fiscal Action Plan, there will be a 12.5 per cent across-the board increase in land tax rates from 2013/14. This is expected to raise a total of $338 million over the four years to 2016/17.
The plan also includes the introduction of an ongoing program evaluation in the public sector, with targeted savings of $350 million over the next four years.
Fees increase as Buswell looks for savings
Private motor vehicle registration fees will also jump a further $36 a year from January next year, after Mr Buswell revealed the Government will halve the $72 concession it currently provides. This is expected to raise an estimated $155 million over the forward years.
From January next year the Government will introduce a new $4,000 a year fee for children of 457 visa holders to partly cover the costs of educating them at public schools. Mr Buswell said there were now 8,600 such children in WA schools.
In a bid to save money, the Government will also target the popular solar feed-in tariff scheme, with Mr Buswell describing the current 40 cent per kilowatt customer payment rate as "overly generous".
From 1 October, the rate will drop to 30 cents and by 1 July next year it will reduce to 20 cents.
Mr Buswell also confirmed there will be changes to the State's first homebuyers' grant scheme.
Currently the Government provides $7,000 for purchases of both new and established properties. Under the changes, the grant for established homes will drop to $3000, while the new house grant will jump to $10,000.
'Dire state'
The Opposition's labelled it a budget of broken election promises and "botched financial management".
Shadow Treasurer Ben Wyatt said the Budget confirmed the State's finances are in a dire state, and he was particularly concerned about a projected blow-out in State debt to $28.4 billion in 2016/17.
"Mr Barnett's out-of-control spending has effectively maxed out the State Government's credit card and future generations of Western Australian's will be left to pick up the tab," he said.
Topics: budget, perth-6000
First posted
The international team of archaeologists said the lower structures were laid out on the same design as the more recent temple. The timber shrine even had an open space in the center that suggested a link to the Buddha's nativity tradition. Deep tree roots in the center space may even have been from the tree his mother presumably held on to.
Image Archaeological evidence was discovered in Lumbini, Nepal. Credit The New York Times
The archaeologists, led by Robin A. E. Coningham of Durham University in England, reported the findings on Monday in an article published online in the December issue of the international journal Antiquity. This was, they said, “the first archaeological evidence regarding the date of the life of Buddha.”
They also described the new line of research as having “the potential to provide yet more evidence for the earliest expressions of Buddhist architecture and ritual practice.”
Concluding its report, Dr. Coningham's group wrote that “the sequence at Lumbini is a microcosm for the development of Buddhism from a localized cult to a global religion.” The shrine, for example, was transformed from a localized timber temple into “a monumental Asokan-period temple and pillar complex inscribing it as a site of imperial pilgrimage.”
Before the sixth century B.C., the Lumbini site was apparently cultivated land. The postholes of the timber building were the first evidence of a shrine focused around a tree, Dr. Coningham said in a teleconference for reporters arranged by the National Geographic Society, which partly supported the research, along with Durham University in England and Stirling University in Scotland.
“These discoveries are very important to better understand the birthplace of the Buddha,” Ram Kumar Shrestha, Nepal's minister of culture, tourism and civil aviation, said in a statement released by the archaeology team. “The government of Nepal will spare no effort to preserve this significant site.”
Six central bank officials and 16 commercial bank staff arrested in connection with currency theft and recirculating naira notes intended for destruction
Nigeria's anti-corruption body is set to charge senior officials from the central bank and some commercial lenders following their arrest in connection with an alleged 8bn naira ($40m) currency fraud scheme, it said on Monday.
The Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) said six central bank officials and 16 commercial bank staff accused of currency theft and recirculating naira notes intended for destruction would appear in court on Tuesday.
“Instead of carrying out the statutory instruction to destroy the currency, they substituted it with newspapers neatly cut to naira sizes and proceeded to recycle the defaced and mutilated currency,” the EFCC said in a statement.
It was unclear from the statement which of Nigeria's banks were involved.
The announcement comes just days after President Muhammadu Buhari was sworn in as leader of Africa's biggest economy and top oil exporter. A crackdown on corruption was one of his central election campaign pledges.
The Central Bank of Nigeria said the alleged fraud scheme was uncovered last September when a routine audit revealed irregularities in the south-western city of Ibadan. “The CBN has also conducted a nationwide audit of all 37 branches of the bank and found that this was an isolated scheme at Ibadan branch,” it said in a statement on Monday.
“On further investigation ordered by the governor, it was discovered that a systematic scheme, which has been on for several years, was being run in which mutilated higher denomination notes originally meant for destruction were swapped with lower denomination currencies. This practice, known as interleafing, basically labels a box with a higher value than its true content.”
The central bank regularly withdraws old or torn notes from circulation to replace them with new ones.
The naira has lost 8.5% of its value since the start of the year after sharp falls in the price of oil, Nigeria's main export, forced the central bank into a de facto devaluation in February in order to save its dwindling foreign reserves.
Nigeria is also $63bn in debt and is borrowing to pay government workers. During the last week of May, it endured fuel shortages that crippled banks and businesses and grounded flights.
In the first 4 parts of our series on Diabetes Mellitis, we discussed type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes, methods of prevention, and conventional survival strategies. In this, our closing segment, we will discuss various natural remedies reported to have a beneficial effect on the disease. We will especially concentrate on substances that you can either grow in your garden or stockpile in quantity for times of trouble.
For the earlier parts of this series, click the links below:
https://www.doomandbloom.net/diabetes-in-survival-settings-part-1/
https://www.doomandbloom.net/diabetes-and-survival-part-2-type-1-prevention/
https://www.doomandbloom.net/diabetes-and-survival-part-3-type-2-prevention/
https://www.doomandbloom.net/diabetes-and-survival-part-4-treatment/
and the supplement “How To Make Insulin“: https://www.doomandbloom.net/how-to-make-insulin/
There is controversy regarding most of the below because the proof of effectiveness simply does not exist in most scientific studies. Without these studies, however, it's difficult to determine the appropriate dosage of a particular natural substance to achieve an anti-diabetic effect. Some may have side-effects if used in excess. As such, there is currently no natural supplement that is recognized by the FDA as both safe and effective in the treatment of diabetes.
Despite this, an open mind is a good thing to have when the pharmaceuticals run out. I am not suggesting that you will achieve perfect control of blood glucose levels, but you can possibly prevent life-threatening high sugar states such as Diabetic Ketoacidosis (described in earlier parts of this series). Some benefit is better than none at all. If you'd like to try an alternative therapy, don't stop taking standard anti-diabetic drugs and discuss the below supplements with your doctor; If you are currently taking medicine, there may be interactions with what you're currently taking.
It's important to remember the role of diet and exercise in keeping glucose levels in check, especially in type 2 diabetes (discussed in Part 4). The likely event will be that dietary restriction and physical exertion will just be part and parcel of early survival. It is important to gear food supplies to provide a protein-rich diet to your diabetic patients.
There are various supplements of trace elements thought to improve diabetic control:
Magnesium: Some studies suggest that a deficit of Magnesium in your system worsens sugar control. Diabetics are thought to be deficient in this element. Low levels of Magnesium seem to correlate with increased resistance to insulin. Insulin lowers blood sugars, so a resistance to insulin results in higher blood sugars. As well, high magnesium intake (200 mg/day) is associated with a decreased risk of developing diabetes. The American Diabetes Association recognizes this but stops short of recommending Magnesium supplementation as a treatment.
Vanadium: A trace element in a number of plants, animal studies seem to suggest that that blood sugar levels can be improved in both type 1 and type 2 cases. Safe dosages for human use have yet to be determined.
Chromium: For the last decade, chromium supplements have been reported as having a positive action against diabetes, mostly for its ability to strengthen the action of insulin. As Chromium may also have a beneficial effect on cholesterol levels, this may be useful for healthy people who may be prediabetic, obese, or otherwise prone to cardiac disease.
Zinc: A 2012 study in the Diabetology and Metabolic Syndrome journal reveals that zinc supplementation reduced fasting glucose by 18 points and post-meal glucose by 35 points, confirming some animal studies. In addition, it had beneficial effects of cholesterol and triglycerides. 15 mg/day of zinc is the recommended daily allowance for adults. Remember that overdose can cause upset stomach and other side-effects.
Some vitamins and vitamin-like substances may have a beneficial effect on diabetes:
Vitamin B1, B6, B12: Studies done in countries where Vitamin deficiencies are rampant show that patients low in vitamin B tend to have more pain from diabetic nerve damage. Not all vitamin B's are necessarily beneficial. High doses of Niacin (B3) supplementation may actually impair glucose levels.
Vitamin C: Some studies relate that moderate usage of vitamin C may improve glucose levels, while higher doses may worsen glucose control.
Vitamin D: Vitamin D is needed to maintain blood levels of insulin. Some evidence suggests that supplementation can improve blood sugar control in people with type 2 diabetes. Unfortunately, not enough is known about what the optimal dose would be for daily use. High levels of vitamin D may be toxic. Vitamin D is produced naturally in the body by exposure to sunlight.
Vitamin E: Low blood levels of vitamin E are associated with higher rates of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Vitamin E supplementation has, in some studies, improved glucose tolerance in people with type 2 diabetes after three months of use. 900 IU of vitamin E per day is the usual dose.
Coenzyme Q10: This is an antioxidant substance found is certain meats and seafood and acts similarly to a vitamin. Type 2 diabetics have been found to have lower blood levels of CoQ10 than the general population. Commonly available at 50-300mg dosages, its properties suggest a number of benefits, including reducing pain from nerve damage caused by type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Alpha-lipoic Acid: A powerful natural antioxidant, Preliminary trials have found that 600 to 1,200 mg of Alpha-lipoic acid daily improves insulin sensitivity. Long-term therapy with the same dosage slowed the progression of kidney damage in type 2 diabetes.
Fish Oil: Fish oils contain the omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA, responsible for a number of health benefits. Glucose tolerance tests improve in healthy people taking omega-3 fatty acid supplements. Some studies have found that fish oil supplementation also improves glucose tolerance, high triglycerides, and cholesterol levels in people with type 2 diabetes.
Many plants are rich in vitamins and minerals that are important for good health, but some may have a specific effect against diabetes:
Ginseng: Studies have shown that American Ginseng intake can decrease fasting, post-meal, and long-term sugar levels. Asian (Korean red) Ginseng has, in one study, improved long-term control when compared to placebo. Ginseng increases insulin levels following meals and assists insulin in passing glucose through cell membranes.
Clove: Clove oil has been found to help augment the action of insulin to lower glucose. Cholesterol and triglycerides are also improved. One study points to improvement when taking the equivalent of one to two cloves per day.
Cinnamon: Cinnamon extracts can increase sugar metabolism as well as augment the release of insulin. After a 2007 study stated that Cinnamon had no effect on diabetes, another published in 2009 found that poorly controlled type 2 diabetics who take 500 mg of cinnamon twice a day for 90 days improved hemoglobin A1C levels. Hemoglobin A1C is a test that identifies the level of sugar control over the previous 2-3 months.
Goldenseal: Goldenseal is thought to have an insulin-like effect in the body.
Coffee: An as-yet undetermined ingredient of coffee (apparently not caffeine) appears to play some role in making cells more sensitive to insulin, something that would be very helpful for type 2 diabetics.
Fenugreek: One human study found that fenugreek can help blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes. Some trials suggest that fenugreek helps improve blood sugar control in both type 1 and type 2 patients.
Olive Leaf: Olive leaf extracts have been found to lower elevated blood-sugar levels in one study using diabetic animals. Human results are not yet conclusive.
Quercetin: Quercetin is a “flavonoid”, a constituent found in certain fruits, vegetables, and grains. It may decrease levels of sorbitol, a sugar that accumulates in cells of organs damaged by diabetes, especially nerves, kidneys, and eyes.
Bitter Melon: Bitter Melon has 3 constituents that may lower blood sugars, according to some studies. Indeed, the combination of these substances may work to strengthen the anti-diabetic effect.
Ginkgo Biloba: Preliminary research suggests that Ginkgo biloba may be useful for prevention or treatment of early-stage diabetic nerve damage.
Additional natural substances that may one day be shown to have a positive effect on diabetic control or complications of diabetes:
Mistletoe
Cayenne
Onion
Primrose oil
Hibiscus
Psyllium
Crepe Myrtle
Goldenseal
Aloe
Billberry
Basil
Gymnema
I will be writing in the future about a number of the substances in the list above as I investigate more regarding their use in diabetes. I have to admit that the amount of information (often conflicting) and the number of natural remedies for diabetes were more than I expected to find. More and more studies will be needed in order to confirm the true utility of each alternative method of treating diabetes. However, it is encouraging that researchers are performing evaluations on so many of the above. I look forward to their findings.
Joe Alton, M.D. aka Dr. Bones
A special thanks to all our readers for keeping our 2nd edition of “The Survival Medicine Handbook” at #1 on Amazon in the category of Survival Skills since June! To check it out, here's the link…
Based on a variety of factors including tradition, overall look and originality, here's my breakdown of the SEC's best uniforms. Of course this list is totally subjective, but I'm a uniform connoisseur and a true believer in the adage: If you look good, you'll play good.
1. Georgia — The “silver britches” introduced by head coach Wally Butts in 1939 added flair to the Bulldogs' red jerseys. Vince Dooley altered the uniform 25 years later to white pants but incorporated the silver pants back into the mix before UGA's national championship season in 1980. Since joining the SEC in 1932, the Bulldogs have 12 conference championships in their traditional digs. Black tops in the Mark Richt era have been a nice touch but the black helmet and red facemask combo worn last season against Florida has to go. This classic look is also a lot better than their uniforms for tomorrow's game against Boise.
BEST LOOK: White top with black numbers, silver pants (road)
2. Tennessee — To me, UT's all-orange set screams Rocky Top and Neyland Stadium. From the white helmet defined by the strip and T to the funky shade of orange top and pants, you can tell when the Vols are on the field from rooms away (if you have a big enough TV). Tennessee is tied with Texas for second in all-time bowl appearances and is sixth in all-time bowl victories. The Vols have won six national titles in orange.
BEST LOOK: White helmet, orange top and pants (home alternate)
3. Florida — A darling Nike school that gets just about everything from its athletic supplier, the Gators have one of the most recognizable looks in the SEC. Sporting orange helmets with the script “Gators” logo since 1979, Florida has three national championships and eight conference titles during that span. Recently, the Gators have donned multiple pro combat styles, but none compare to tradition. Leave the orange tops in the locker room this season. And my guess is we won't see the all-white uniforms with the white helmet again anytime soon (See loss to Alabama, 2009 SECCG)
BEST LOOK: Blue tops, white pants (home)
4. LSU — Eye of the Tiger. Painted lines at each 5-yard increment. A purple, speedy defense coming at you at 500 MPH. LSU's home jerseys at night, the rare purple/gold combo, is one of the nation's best. LSU's tradition of wearing white tops at home began in 1958 when head coach Paul Dietzel decided it was necessary to do so. A national championship later that season kept the tradition alive. Under Nick Saban, the Tigers wore purple tops several times, but still prefer the white at home. I don't. I like the purples.
BEST LOOK: Purple top, gold pants (home alternate)
5. Auburn — Navy blue and orange mesh well together and never did it look as good as it did last season during the Tigers' 14-0 march to the BCS National Championship. The orange stripe down the pants on the road with navy splashed on the numbers and neckline gives Auburn one of the SEC's best, yet most simple looks. The Tiger Walk combined with the War Eagle's flight toward midfield is probably the best entrance in the SEC and with nice-looking uniforms to boot, gives Jordan-Hare Stadium a certain aura non-existent in most venues. Orange pants? A navy helmet? I'm begging Under Armour to make it happen.
BEST LOOK: Navy top, white pants (home)
6. Vanderbilt — For a Nike-sponsored school with just four wins on the gridiron the last two seasons, the Commodores have a nice array of uniform combinations. Whether it's the all-black getup with gold helmets or the alternate gold tops with black pants, Vanderbilt looks good even if they're not.
BEST LOOK: Gold helmet and top, white pants with stripe (home alternate)
7. Alabama — With the shoulders blank and the only markings on the jersey being stitched numbers, a Nike swoosh and SEC patch, the Crimson Tide's uniforms are downright boring. This may be blasphemy to some, but I never have been in favor of the plain, stickered numbers on the helmets. Maybe a white “A” would look better or even a white helmet with a crimson “A”. Nonetheless, the tradition-rich Tide are doing fine in their crimson and white scheme and that won't change anytime soon.
BEST LOOK: Crimson helmet, white jersey, white pants (road)
8. Ole Miss — Sometimes plain is good, as is the case with the Rebels. The red alternate tops aren't a bad look and neither are the road whites with navy and red stripes on the shoulders. The all-grey look with blue helmets in hopes of upsetting top-ranked Auburn last season wasn't a bad idea. If Houston Nutt has done one thing right thus far in Oxford, it's keeping the uniforms the way they are. OK, he's done a little more than that. Ole Miss did win consecutive Cotton Bowls in 2008 and 2009.
BEST LOOK: Navy tops, grey pants (home)
9. Arkansas — The Razorbacks switch to a more subtle look with various piping last season really made Arkansas shine. The current uniforms would've looked great on Darren McFadden and Felix Jones, but looked just as good on the Razorbacks during last season's run to a BCS game. Second to none, Arkansas has the best pants in the West, complete with “Razorbacks” in all caps down the leg and a stitched logo at the hip. The road uniforms aren't as appealing as the homes, dominated by cardinal shoulders on white tops.
BEST LOOK: Cardinal tops, white pants (home)
10. Mississippi State — The Bulldogs have all sorts of unique combinations including multiple helmets (maroon, white) and a rare black set of uniforms they reveal every now and then. Unfortunately, maroon helmets with black tops and pants don't mix. Maybe black should be scrapped altogether now that Dan Mullen is in charge and the Bulldogs could be an actual force, not in need of gimmicks, in the SEC West.
BEST LOOK: White helmet, maroon top and pants (home)
11. South Carolina — With its latest 2011 combinations, Under Armour has ruined the look of the Gamecocks on Saturdays. Not saying I prefer Riddell over the interlocking UA, but South Carolina's newest athletic supplier hasn't improved USC's uniforms in the least. Black-outs don't seem to work (see two crucial losses to Florida over the last decade) and garnet helmets would look a little weird with the garnet top, garnet pants look. I'm a fan of the all-white roads, but those things should have been banned after losses to Iowa (2009, Outback Bowl) and Arkansas (2009).
BEST LOOK: White helmet, garnet top, white pants (home)
12. Kentucky — Kentucky's “Blue-Out” look isn't bad with the sparkling helmets, but it doesn't match Florida's blues in The Swamp. In their royal blue jerseys, the Wildcats have appeared in five straight bowl games, a first for the program. I'm still waiting on the Wildcats to bring out the rumored all-black garb which was scheduled to debut during the 2009-10 season. Maybe it would make UK look a little more intimidating coming out of the tunnel. A matte black helmet with a white UK would be equally mean.
BEST LOOK: Head-to-toe, all-blue (home)
Press Releases
On March 24, 2014, Pinstriped Prospects officially launched with the goal of providing the most complete coverage of the New York Yankees minor league system from top to bottom. Since that time the site has grown by leaps and bounds becoming one of the top Yankees-related blogs on the web.
When we started out our staff consisted of just two writers, working towards the goal of building the site out. Today we have a staff of 18 with writers and photographers at every level of the Yankees farm system.
Our beat staff is at the games, watching the future Bombers play to make sure we bring you the best analysis possible. In addition, our insightful columnists break down the farm to give you some of the most complete coverage anywhere.
Here we are three years later, celebrating our third anniversary and going into our fourth season of coverage. With that we are stepping up our game.
New Logos and more!
If you haven't noticed in the last month we have updated our look for the 2017 season with brand-new logos.
Pinstriped Prospects Podcast
Introducing for the 2017 season is the Pinstriped Prospects Podcast. Every Monday we will go through the week that was in the Yankees minor league system, talk about the latest news and bring you reports from every affiliate.
Tune in via iTunes, Google Play or TuneIn Radio and listen to hosts Paul Pagnato III and Robert M. Pimpsner as we give you the opportunity to get to know who is the next group of Baby Bombers coming up through the system. We will have special guests, player and coach interviews as well as the chance to hear from all the Pinstriped Prospects staff.
Expanded Video Coverage
You asked for it and we have answered. For the 2017 season, we will have expanded video coverage of the entire New York Yankees farm system from the Rookie Leagues to Triple-A. We will be providing a look at the Yankees prospects before and during games. In addition to game footage we will be bringing you select video interviews throughout the season.
With our expanded video footage, we will be going live more this season on Facebook. Giving you the chance to interact with our staff like never before. We will bring you pre-and-post game analysis, live fan Q&A's and more. Make sure you like our page on Facebook and turn on notifications so you don't miss a thing.
Introducing Our Writing Staff for 2017
While we have, many returning faces in 2017, we will also be welcoming several new writers and photographers to our staff. Returning this season in Trenton is Matt Kardos, who will continue to bring some of the best coverage of the Yankees Double-A affiliate. Also, returning for their second seasons with Pinstriped Prospects are Antonio Mendes and Joseph Dixon in Tampa and Charleston respectfully. Gershon Rabinowitz returns to bring cover of the Staten Island Yankees this season.
Joining us for the 2017 season are Vito Malacari and James Vlietstra who will be providing coverage of the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders in 2017. Also, joining us in 2017 is Michael Cambria who will be working as a part of our draft team and other areas.
Rob Terranova is bringing years of experience behind the pen and the mic to Pinstriped Prospects in 2017. He has covered teams such as the San Diego Padres, San Diego Chargers and Lake Elsinore Storm for the North County Times. He also worked as a sports reporter for the San Francisco Chronicle and most recently served as the play-by-play commentator for the Brockton Rox of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League. He will be bringing his skills to covering the Staten Island Yankees and the Pulaski Yankees in 2017.
Veteran minor league reporter Jessica Quiroli will be returning to Pinstriped Prospects this season as a columnist. Twice a month she will be highlighting the progress of the Yankees top prospects in Stars, Heels, and Stripes. Be sure to check it out and go beyond the box score to learn more about the up and coming Baby Bombers with analysis and video.
Also, every morning be on the lookout for our daily Pinstriped Performances and Baby Bombers in the Show features which will quickly highlight the top performances at every level of the Yankees farm system the previous day.
Photos and more!
In the effort to bring you the most well rounded prospect coverage around we will have photographers at every level of the Yankees minor leagues with Bryan Green returning to photograph the Gulf Coast League Yankees and the Tampa Yankees. Paul Pagnato III will bring you photos from the Pulaski Yankees this season, marking the first time we will be getting regular photos from the Yankees' Appalachian League affiliate.
Robert M. Pimpsner and Eduardo Amaro return this season to bring you photos from the Staten Island Yankees while joining the Pinstriped Prospects team in 2017 in Charleston is Jerry Coli. Coli brings years of experience as a sports photographer having previously covered Charleston the past two seasons for another publication.
Veteran photographer Martin Griff is returning to Pinstriped Prospects in 2017 to bring you high quality photos from the Double-A Trenton Thunder. In Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Cheryl Pursell returns to photograph the RailRiders.
2017 First-Year-Player Draft Coverage
This coming June is the 2017 First-Year-Player Draft and Pinstriped Prospects has you covered. We have built a team of six writers who will be covering the draft this season. Be on the lookout for draft previews, coverage of the various mock drafts and on draft day we will be bringing you live coverage of the 2017 draft. Our live draft tracker will return for 2017, we will also be providing profiles of every player the Yankees draft. Our most popular draft coverage will also return in 2017 as we will be interviewing the players the Yankees draft beginning day one.
Introducing Pinstriped Prospects Daily
We are also rebranding our email newsletter for 2017. It is our pleasure to introduce to you Pinstriped Prospects Daily. Every day at 6:30 AM our email newsletter will go out to our subscribers and bring you a daily digest of what happened the day before on the site. You will be able to catch up on news, game results and more. Subscribe now on PinstripedProspects.com
Story highlights News on Sony hack is censored in China, with just a few stories that get little play
Government-controlled search engine turns up just one article on "North Korea hack"
U.S. government believes N. Korean hackers are launching attacks from China
Censorship is a part of daily life in China. News articles are erased from online search engines, social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter are banned, and CNN is routinely blacked out for Chinese viewers.
Instagram was a huge hit in China -- until the government banned it during the Hong Kong protests.
"All good things must end," one young Chinese woman told me -- seemingly resigned to the fact that she can no longer post photos on Instagram.
While such restrictions would likely incite mass outrage in many Western countries, citizens in China often have no choice but to relinquish some personal freedom as the government keeps a firm grip on certain aspects of life in this booming society.
China's Communist Party will do whatever it takes to stay in power. Censorship is just one tool -- along with quickly quelling civil disobedience.
JUST WATCHED North Korea hypes up hacking rhetoric Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea hypes up hacking rhetoric 01:52
JUST WATCHED Chinese media censor Hong Kong protest Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chinese media censor Hong Kong protest 02:12
JUST WATCHED How censored are China's journalists? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How censored are China's journalists? 01:57
Of course, China feels like a utopia of liberty when compared with the repressive North Korean regime. I distinctly remember feeling a sense of freedom and relief when landing in Beijing after a recent visit to Pyongyang.
In the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the average citizen has never heard of the Internet or social media. Contact with the outside world is forbidden for all but the most elite members of this reclusive society. Propaganda rules the television airwaves and fills the pages of state-run newspapers.
Censorship in China
The Sony hack story has received limited news coverage in China. Stories have appeared on CCTV's newscasts and in newspapers like China Daily, though with far less prominence than some other international news outlets.
In Shenyang on Tuesday, an Internet search for "North Korea" on China's leading (and government-controlled) search engine Baidu.com revealed a list of mostly positive articles about the DPRK.
A Baidu search for "North Korea hack" in English revealed just one nearly two-week-old article naming the DPRK as "one of several suspects" in the Sony hacking investigation. An identical search on unrestricted Google on Wednesday found more than 36 million articles.
When questioned by foreign reporters on Tuesday, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Hua Chunying shied away from directly addressing the issue on the Sony hacking probe.
"We need sufficient evidence before drawing any conclusion," she said at a news conference, adding that the United States and North Korea should communicate.
Of course, any substantive communication is unlikely given the two countries have no diplomatic ties.
The Great Firewall of China
Censorship is the reality of life behind the so-called Great Firewall of China. The Ministry of Public Security has been heavily censoring content for more than a decade.
The Chinese government acknowledges that the Internet is a vital tool to support the country's rapid economic growth.
But with the Internet comes the risk of sharing information that, the Chinese government worries, could destabilize the country. In China, any threat to the Communist Party's tightly clenched grip must be controlled.
It's why you're likely to find very little mention of North Korea's bureau 121 in this nation suspected of having its own shadowy People's Liberation Army unit 61398 -- believed to be responsible for cyberespionage . Incidentally, the Chinese military has also denounced the United States for having its own massive cyberspying program.
As all of this continues to unfold, one thing is certain: International news organizations such as CNN will continue with extensive coverage. And, thanks to heavy-handed government censors, most citizens of China will continue get only the news deemed appropriate by the government.
CNET Finally Reports On Its Own Fight With CBS Over Dish CES Award
from the a-bit-slow-out-the-gate dept
After the vote, we communicated the winners, as we always do, through normal channels. CNET immediately got down to the business of preparing for a massive stage show the following morning and preparing a press release.
Later that evening, we were alerted to the legal conflict for CBS. All night and through to morning, my managers up and down CNET and I fought for two things: To honor the original vote and -- when it became clear that CBS Corporate did not accept that answer -- to issue a transparent statement regarding the original vote.
Ultimately, we were told that we must use the official statement and that we must follow corporate policy to defer all press requests to corporate communications.
We were in an impossible situation as journalists. The conflict of interest was real -- a legal case can impact the bottom line of our company and introduce the possibility of bias -- but the circumstances demanded more transparency and not hurried policy.
I could have quit right then. Maybe I should have. I decided that the best thing for my team was to get through the day as best we could and to fight the fight from the other side. Every single member of the CNET Reviews team is a dedicated, ethical, passionate technology critic. If I abandoned them now, I would be abandoning the ship.
If I had to face this dilemma again, I would not quit. I stand by my team and the years of work they have put into making CNET what it is. But I wish I could have overridden the decision not to reveal that Dish had won the vote in the trailer. For that I apologize to my staff and to CNET readers.
The one thing I want to clearly communicate to my team and to everyone at CNET and beyond is this: CNET does excellent work. Its family of writers is unbiased, focused, bright, and true. CNET will continue to do excellent good work. Of that I am certain. Going forward, I will do everything within my power to prevent this situation from happening again.
Realizing that the longer it did nothing, the worse it looked, CNET itself has finally reported on the events that transpired last week when corporate boss CBS stepped into the middle of their editorial process and sought to deny CNET the ability to choose the product they thought was the best of CES, the Dish DVR with Hopper and Sling.Of course, this is only coming out well after tons of other sources had reported on this -- and upstart competitor the Verge had already broken the story about how CBS didn't just tell CNET not to vote on the Dish device, but made them rescind the award that had already been chosen.The CNET post, by reviews Editor-in-Chief Lindsey Turrentine, suggests that most of the staff had no idea that CBS was in litigation with Dish and they were just doing what they were supposed to do. She also pushes back against the idea that she should resign:The thing is, if she had quit, I would bet that many on her team would not have seen it as being abandoned, but actually asof someone supporting their editorial independence.She then goes on to insist that she'll fight to make sure this doesn't happen again -- but that seems difficult to believe since earlier in the existing story it suggests that she and others gave up the fight when CBS told them what they had to do:Of course, the decision to quit is one that every individual has to make themselves. But completely taking it out of the realm of possibility gives CBS the easy power to do this again and again and again. She's signalling to CBS that it can continue to walk over CNET's editorial independence, and while the editor-in-chief may protest loudly, in the end, she won't leave. That's only going to add to the cloud over CNET's reviews going forward.
Filed Under: conflicts, editorial independence, journalism
Companies: cbs, cnet, dish
After many months of waiting for the right moment, Allan and I finally got to tour supposedly the first bowling alley to open in SF in decades, Mission Bowling Club. We all know how much Allan likes ping pong, well my indoor drinking-with-balls sport has always been bowling.
Lane view from the mezzanine. [photo by me]
Back in high school we used to take the 22 to Japantown Bowl, with two floors of lanes and some of the worst food items in town. It was awesome. But it closed down around 11 years ago, and nothing has taken its place. Though I wait patiently.
Future bar view from the mezzanine. [photo by me]
Mission Bowling Club isn't trying to be what Japantown was. With 6 lanes, a sit-down restaurant headed by neighborhood celebrity chef Anthony Myint and a full bar, they're going after something different. Which is not to say that they want to restrict the crowd they attract. During our tour, co-owner Sommer Peterson was clear to stress that they wanted to be able to welcome neighborhood families as well as the 21-35 year old Mission nighttime scene, which they'll have no trouble attracting.
[photo by me]
Future restaurant seating. [photo by me]
On the weekends they'll be open for all ages, with weeknights reserved for the 21 and over crowd. Of the six lanes, three will be open for walk ins, the other three available for reserving by phone or website. You will pay by the hour, rather than game, to keep people from just hanging out in a lane all night. In addition to brand-new lanes (brought in on two semi trucks in the middle of the night) they have all new bowling balls and shoes. The bar top will be made of a reclaimed lane from newly refurbished Morgan Hill Bowl. Sommer, who created the Divisadero Art Walk, will also be curating art for a large side wall, as well as rotating art installations for the huge wall above the lanes.
[photo by Allan]
Now, I know how excited I sound. Because I am. Because bowling is awesome. Yeah, it's gonna be crowded, and cost more money then I wish it did, because I wish it was free, or as cheap as an old ass bowling alley. But there aren't any around here, so we get a brand new one. So sure, there are plenty of things to gripe about (already well documented on this site) from the vocal minority, but I think we mostly want and deserve a bowling alley. One that isn't a car. One where we can eat Mission Burgers in actual chairs. One that actually sounds welcoming. And I get the impression that these proprietors are sincere about really opening this up to the whole neighborhood. They know they're going to make mistakes, so they're open to reasonable feedback. As Sommer said, they're opening three new businesses all at once, “I'm happy, proud and scared.” So I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and I'm excited to see what happens.
November 25, 2013 Millions to Face Thanksgiving Travel Delays From Atlanta to NYC
By By Alex Sosnowski, expert senior meteorologist. November 25, 2013, 2:41:37 AM EST
The latest information on the storm that will impact holiday travel, including a snow map, can be found in this news story.
Millions of Thanksgiving travelers in the East and South Tuesday and Wednesday will face trouble as a storm brings most areas rain but could also bring heavy snow to a narrow swath. Much of the rest of the nation will be dry.
The same storm affecting the Southwest and Texas with snow, ice and rain this weekend will reach the Southeast with rain Tuesday. From there the storm will turn up the East Coast, tracking into colder air, perhaps causing even greater travel disruptions through Wednesday.
According to AccuWeather.com COO Evan Myers, "If the storm hugs the coast and develops to its full potential, it could be a flight nightmare, not only for travelers in the East, but also throughout the nation."
Southern Rain, Thunderstorms
After drenching coastal Texas and Louisiana on Monday, the storm will cruise eastward along the Gulf coast Monday night and Tuesday.
Rain will also increase throughout Tuesday across the Carolinas and may even expand northward to Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia in the afternoon.
Travel delays on the I-10 and I-20 corridors are in store from Louisiana to Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and northern Florida from rain-soaked highways and poor visibility from downpours.
The rain can be heavy enough and cloud ceilings low enough to delay flights at New Orleans, Atlanta, Charlotte and other airports in the region.
Right along the Gulf coast and over part of the southern Atlantic Seaboard, there is also the potential for strong to locally severe thunderstorms.
Even if a dry Wednesday unfolds, gusty winds on the storm's backside could lead to flight delays across the Deep South.
Northeast Rain and Potential Snowstorm
The exact track and intensity of the storm as it swings up or slips off the East Coast Tuesday night into Wednesday night are still in question and hold the key to dry weather versus rain versus snow across the Northeast.
Even if rain were to fall over much of the area, it would be enough to slow travel on the highways and delay a number of flights. Gusty winds would also factor in to delays along the coast, even if the storm were to roll out to sea.
Rain is the most likely form of precipitation from Virginia to near New York City then southeastern New England, with the air simply being too warm or the warm waters of the Atlantic Ocean exerting its influence. This includes Richmond, Va., Washington, D.C., Baltimore and Philadelphia.
We will feature a special edition of our AccuWeather LIVE show at 11:35 a.m. EST Tuesday, Nov. 26, 2013, to discuss weather impacts on holiday travel. Be sure to send your holiday travel questions to @breakingweather on Twitter or ask them on our AccuWeather Facebook Page, and our expert senior meteorologists will answer your questions live.
If fresh cold air invades the storm, then there could be a period of snow over the mountains from northern West Virginia and western Maryland to central and northeastern Pennsylvania, upstate New York and western and northern New England. If this scenario pans out, major travel disruptions could be in store for portions of I-80, I-81, I-87, I-90 and I-91.
Only if the storm were to strengthen a great deal and draw more cold air in would there be a change from rain to snow in New York City, Hartford, Conn., and Boston.
For those traveling on Thanksgiving Day, the storm or its near-miss will likely have exited much of the region. However, the fresh cold air will be pouring across the East Coast.
RELATED:
Thanksgiving Day Weather
Winter Weather Center
Environmentally Friendly Travel Options
Recently ABC 7 New York's Chief Meteorologist Lee Goldberg told AccuWeather.com that the era of improved weather forecasting technology is a double-edged sword.
"The ability to predict a potential snowstorm a week in advance is great but leaves meteorologists with several days where it is hard to pinpoint specifics," Goldberg stated.
More details on the track of the storm and forecast for the Northeast will be released on AccuWeather.com as they become available.
More California Rain
A storm is forecast to move in from the Pacific Ocean during the middle of the week.
This storm will have the chance to bring rain to the I-5 corridor in California to part of Oregon Wednesday into Thanksgiving Day.
As a result, there is a chance of wet weather and perhaps travel delays from San Francisco to Los Angeles. Some snow is possible in the Sierra Nevada and over Donner Pass along I-80.
Such travel issues would not unfold until Thursday in Los Angeles.
Rest of the Nation
Much of the rest of the nation will have good travel conditions.
Beware, aircraft and flight crews originating from the South and Northeast could be delayed, perhaps causing ripple-effect problems with a few flights throughout the nation.
There will be bands of lake-effect snow over the Upper Midwest, due to fresh cold air moving on Tuesday and Wednesday. The lake-effect snow should diminish in most locations by Thanksgiving Day.
The track the storm takes in the vicinity of the Northeast will determine the trajectory of the lake-effect bands of snow across the Great Lakes.
While odds favor the snow streaming over areas southeast of the lakes, there is some concern lake-effect snow will sneak into Chicago and cause issues at O'Hare International Airport.
Report a Typo
Shaha says that while he understands religious people might be offended by having their beliefs challenged, it is unhelpful that many atheists think they have to ''correct'' theists by being condescending or aggressive. Recently, Shaha - a science teacher, writer and filmmaker - spoke at a Catholic girls' school in London for the Three Faiths Forum, an organisation that promotes understanding among people of all faiths, but between Muslims, Christians and Jews in particular. At the end of his talk, Shaha was told by a student that she had always judged atheists negatively; now she saw where they were coming from. ''That is the achievement we should be striving for,'' Shaha says. ''That is a huge step forward - I don't want to go around shouting at people, 'You're wrong, you're wrong'. People respond to narratives and personal stories.'' That is why there was such enthusiasm among almost 2000 people at Melbourne Town Hall last month who heard de Botton explain that the starting point for his own new book, Religion for Atheists, was neither religion nor atheism: it was with ''the individual who lives and suffers and dies''. ''What I am interested in,'' he said, ''is the possible resources that an ordinary, suffering, loving, hoping human can have out there in the world.''
Shaha, like de Botton, wants to get beyond the existence-of-a-god debate. Growing up on a council estate of mainly Bangladeshi Muslim immigrants in south London, Shaha gradually found that his biggest problem with most religious people is that they are born into it - faith is ingrained from birth, so ''believers'' are in effect denied a choice. ''If we truly encouraged young people to think about what they believe and why they believe it then, ultimately, a lot more people would come to the conclusion they are not a Christian or a Muslim or a Hindu or a Jew,'' he says. When his mother died, he realised he did not believe that she was going to a better place or afterlife. Despite her suffering greatly in life (she had ill health, schizophrenia and a philandering, dominating husband) there was no paradise awaiting her, her son thought: death was the end. Thus began his move towards rejecting the Islamic faith. Suspicions about dogma and indoctrination, though, were not the main impetus for his atheism. At heart, he says, he simply never felt there was a god and that morality was not the exclusive territory of theists. ''Belief by its very nature is a very personal thing,'' he says. ''We all have our own mental worlds. To acknowledge that this matter of belief or otherwise in a god is not a purely intellectual thing - it is an emotional thing, a sense or feeling that people have - is probably very wishy-washy for [someone like] Dawkins.'' But being open-minded and attentive to one's feelings, especially through reading books, is about discovering deep truths about human nature. Those books include the Bible, which, he says, can transport one to ''other worlds'' of deep truth in the same way that all fiction can. ''What I would term 'sophisticated' believers do read the Bible or other holy texts in a metaphorical way,'' he says.
Equally, he thinks atheism's biggest problem is its branding as a scientific, intellectual, rational discourse that ignores emotion, metaphor and the power of personal storytelling. ''I am a signed-up humanist and I guess what that means is that I believe in the capacity of humans to be good to each other,'' he says. ''The most meaningful occurrences in my life are those in which I am engaging with my fellow human beings and, ultimately, the best of that is with the people I love. A life without religion and a life without a god can be perfectly satisfactory and in my case I think it is wonderful. But a life without love is something to truly fear.'' As he writes in his book, he would like to see religions reinvent themselves as philosophies better able to encompass scientific knowledge about humankind and the universe, as well as morality. ''If that was the message, if the rules and cultural practices were secondary to the notion that your fellow human is important and to be loved, then we wouldn't have the problems we see caused by religion,'' he says. ''But that's not what religions prioritise - they prioritise adherence to dogma to belief in particular tenets.'' He says it would be revolutionary if the main message of the big religions was to love and value fellow human beings. ''There is every reason to hope that, with wider education, with greater sharing of culture as the world gets smaller, even the major religions of today will be forced to evolve. Whatever it is they do evolve into, I hope they might be better for humanity.''
■The Young Atheist's Handbook is published by Scribe at $27.95.
Edmonton's Mennonite Centre for Newcomers set up a fund with the hopes of crowdsourcing $10,000 over two months to support Syrian refugees. They hit that goal in a single day, thanks to a single donation.
When Erick Ambtman, the centre's executive director, went to see how the campaign had gone from a few hundred dollars to over its goal, he discovered it was thanks to Andrew Ference, one of the Edmonton Oilers' captains.
“To come across a local story like that and respond that quickly, speaks volumes towards the type of person he and his wife are. They are tremendous ambassadors for our community," Ambtman told News Talk 770.
My family is happy to support the great work that you do @YEGNewcomers. #WelcomeToCanada https://t.co/Tw7cG3WmMW https://t.co/Oh5R1wbF7T — Andrew Ference (@Ferknuckle) November 26, 2015
As of Thursday, the Edmonton campaign had raised over $15,000.
The fund was initially intended to handle costs that refugees might not be prepared for, like damage deposits for renting a home or winter clothing. Now that it's off to such a successful start, the centre might be able to hire an employee to help with the settlement process, Ambtman told Metro News.
All of the donations are eligible for the federal government's Syrian Emergency Relief Fund, which matches every dollar contributed by Canadians.
Approximately 3,000 refugees are slated to arrive in Alberta by the end of the year.
"We're so determined as a community to support this influx and these families, it's amazing," he told CBC News.
The Edmonton Mennonite Centre for Newcomers, together with the Islamic Family and Social Services Association and Mennonite Central Committee Alberta have brought 36 Syrian refugees through private sponsorships to Edmonton so far.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Also on HuffPost:
Here. Quotable:
On Tuesday last week, customers at Deb's Books in Cullman, Ala. started coming in and calling with an odd request: They wanted copies of “The Road to Serfdom,” a book economist Friedrich Hayek wrote over 65 years ago. Customers at Schuler Books and Music, in Grand Rapids, Mich. were also looking Hayek's book. Same with the Book Shop in Green Valley, Ariz. On Amazon, it shot to number one where it remained for a week. The reason: Fox News television host Glenn Beck, whose recommendations have lately had an Oprah Winfrey-like effect on book sales, had just devoted a section of his show to the Road to Serfdom.
Hayek's The Road to Serfdom remains the #2 book at Amazon, topped only by Glenn Beck's own The Overton Window.
More from the article:
The Elkhart Public Library, in Elkhart, Ind., has just one copy of the Road to Serfdom and nine holds on it for people waiting in line to read it. It's ordered another one and would have ordered two, except that recent cuts in the library's funding mean that it can't buy as many books in response to reader demand as it used to.
And a great quote from Don Boudreaux:
We've hit gold this week. Every single book from here on is top tier Pratchett. From what I have learned since starting this project, Pratchett fans are split into two camps; those who favour the earlier, more fantastical Discworld, and those who prefer the marriage of magic with technology. I'm very much in the latter camp.
20. Reaper Man
This is probably my first truly controversial choice. People LOVE this book, and rightly so. It's warm, very funny and full of imagination, from the Fresh Start club that helps the undead to the excellent Auditors of Reality. I am very fond of it.
So why is it nestled in the low 20s when most people would probably put it in their top 10? The ‘Death quits' plot is something we have already seen in Mort and will see again in Soul Music, with diminishing returns. The sentient evil shopping mall, while a neat concept, doesn't really fit into the wider book. At this point of his career, Pratchett was starting to get a handle on his disparate creations and make them work together. The various plot threads combine neatly, with the exception of that one.
Ultimately, this is where it starts to get really difficult. I may come to regret placing this here.
19. Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents
Pratchett's first YA novel was smack in the middle of what I consider his golden age and this was a complete surprise. It's dark as hell, brilliantly so for a novel aimed at young people, and Pratchett throws the anger, satire, philosophical puzzles and jokes that he is now seemingly juggling with ease. For a novel that purported to be a Pratchettian spin on the Pied Piper fable, it ended up something that took the reader to some grim places.
18. Jingo
Pratchett struggled with war as a subject, despite visiting it several times over the course of the Discworld series. Jingo was no different but what it did have was jokes, and plenty of them. As an exploration about how we can be manipulated into conflict and the spurious reasons given for war, it's somewhat weak. As a collection of Pratchett's deftest set pieces, it's an absolute hoot. You'll never look the same way again at trying to navigate a donkey down a flight of stairs.
17. Hogfather
I've complained before about the repetitive nature of the ‘Death quits' plotline but you can't really be unhappy with a novel that turns the Grim Reaper into Santa Claus. This is a stuffed to the gills, indulgent piece of sheer fun. The book buckles under the strain of Pratchett trying to bring everything Christmas related into the novel. But it is very enjoyable.
What's interested in retrospect is Pratchett's attraction to Susan and Death. The first time I read this I wondered why Pratchett was persevering with two characters who were better in supporting roles. They next starred in Thief of Time and I loved that. Goes to show how much Pratchett knew and little I know!
16. Moving Pictures
Another comic masterpiece, Moving Pictures brings to mind the first few Discworld novels, where Pratchett threw everything he could at the subject. The book creaks under the weight of a plethora of movie references. The ones I missed could probably power a completely separate comic novel that would be just as entertaining.
This is also a landmark novel in the Pratchett canon. It is one that was published close to Good Omens, his stellar collaboration with Neil Gaiman. After working with the Sandman creator, Pratchett became darker and his books became delightfully atmospheric. I described the book as “screwball Stephen King” at the time and I still think that stands up.
15. The Truth
The first modern Discworld novel as Pratchett moves away from magic in earnest and explores technology and its effects on us. It's a smart way of moving beyond Pratchett's fascination with stories and their power. My own journalist background means I can overlook the slightly wonky main plot (the Patrician framed and he has no idea who is responsible? Impossible). But it's there to hold together Pratchett's fine exploration of the newspaper trade.
14. Witches Abroad
I love this book but there is plenty wrong with it. Actually, there's one thing wrong with it but it was in danger of pulling down the entire book. It takes forever to get started. The actual ‘abroad' part of the book is just the right side of tedious ‘foreigners, eh?' whimsy.
However, the last section of the book, where Granny Weatherwax is confronted by her nemesis sister, is absolutely stunning, taking a scalpel to fairytales and scrutinising the dangers that some stories hide.
13. Guards! Guards!
All of a sudden Pratchett pulls out of his hat the ability to juggle a cast of characters. Both the Witches and the Watch spark off one another and proof of Pratchett's mastery of writing these troupes is how readers have a different favourite witch or Watchman (Weatherwax and Dorfl, in case you're wondering). They are characters, rather than one dimensional faces used to service the plot. Just joyous.
12. Wyrd Sisters
As is this. The hints of what Pratchett was capable of in the early novels are finally realised here, in a wonderful spin on Macbeth. The first outing of the Witches of Lancre is an utter riot. While the first Discworld novels had their charms, this is the start of something really special.
11. Men at Arms
You could argue the seeds of The Truth, and the latter period Discworld, started here. A gun has gone missing and the Patrician of Ankh-Morpork is in its sights. This is an absolutely galloping thriller, a proper high-octane novel full of set-pieces, twists and some excellent jokes. The newly multi-racial Watch gives Pratchett the opportunity to explore race and all of our prejudices. Guards! Guards! was an excellent book but Pratchett is flying at this point.
And only gets better from here. So what will my number one be? Have I been ridiculous in my placement of Reaper Man? (Probably) What am I going to do once The Shepherd's Crown is published? Find out next week.
Advertisements
The List style is very similar the the UIPickerView in iOS, where you use the crown to select a sequential list of items. The items can be images and text, just text or just images.
The Stack Style animates the items like a stack of cards, providing an attractive way to select an item.
The Sequence Style replaces each image, allowing you to quickly flip between your choices, and also can be used to animate progress bars.
Focus Styles
For each style, you can indicate a focus style, which indicates how you want watchOS to display which picker is in focus. If there is only one picker on the screen, you may want to use None. If you have multiple pickers, you need to indicate which control is in focus and will be affected by the Digital Crown. For example, when customizing the clock face, Outline focus styles are used to indicate which complication is in focus to be adjusted by the Digital Crown.
Each picker item can be annotated by a caption, which can be used to indicate the group or secondary information about the item that will be displayed while picking. The caption can be useful if you are picking images, for example.
New certification documents released by the California Air Resources Board and the Environmental Protection Agency reveal Harley-Davidson is adding two new “S” variants to its Fat Boy and Softail Slim for 2016.
According to the CARB executive order, the new 2016 Harley-Davidson Fat Boy S and Softail Slim S will be powered by the air-cooled 1802cc Twin Cam 110 engine. Returning for 2016 with the 1688cc Twin Cam 103 engine are the regular Softail Slim and Fat Boy, the Fat Boy Lo, Softail Deluxe, Heritage Softail Classic, Breakout and Street Bob.
Certification documents from the EPA also confirm the two new S models for 2016, rating them at a maximum output of 80.5 hp at 4000 rpm compared to the EPA-rated 76.4 hp at 4000 rpm for the 2015 models with the 1688cc engine.
In recent years, the 110 engine was only offered on CVO models or as an optional add-on kit. The S variants of the Softail Slim and Fat Boy may be a mid-level upgrade that slots in between the base models and the top-of-the-line CVO versions.
Beyond the larger engine, it remains to be seen what else Harley-Davidson added to create the S models. Harley-Davidson tends to make its new model announcements in mid-to-late August, so expect to hear official news soon about the 2016 Fat Boy S and Softail Slim S.
The Trump administration reportedly plans to expel almost two-thirds of Cuba's embassy staff from the country, after more than two dozen U.S. diplomats working in Cuba were targeted in a mysterious attack that resulted in sudden brain injuries.
The State Department could announce the decision to kick out the Cuban staff as early as Tuesday, McClatchy reported Monday, citing three sources briefed on the plan.
The move to push out the Cuban diplomats comes after the U.S. decided to pull back its own staff from the island nation after suspicious "health attacks" in Havana left some victims with hearing loss and speech problems.
One source told the newswire that the decision is intended be an act of “reciprocity,” matching the withdrawal of American staff from the island.
ADVERTISEMENT
The U.S. has not outright accused Cuba of the attacks and Havana has denied any involvement in the injuries. The State Department has, however, repeatedly pointed to the Vienna Convention and warned that Cuba is responsible for the safety of U.S. diplomats serving in the state.
The United States is reportedly still trying to explain the weapon that was used against dozens of diplomats.
One American diplomat in Havana described what some are calling “health attacks,” in which he heard a "blaring, grinding noise" from his bed — but when he moved only a few feet away, he stepped into silence, almost like an "invisible wall cutting straight through his room," according to an Associated Press report last month.
The U.S. government first acknowledged the attacks in August, after the State Department expelled two Cuban diplomats from the U.S. over safety concerns. The move came nine months after the injuries were first reported.
Lawmakers are calling for action, including Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) who tweeted last week that the U.S. “should expel a Cuban diplomat for every U.S. diplomat evacuated due to acoustic attacks.”
The report comes after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE met with Cuban officials to talk about the incidents last week.
CTV Montreal
Daniel Briere will be back in a Canadiens jersey and on the ice for Tuesday's game against the Tampa Bay Lightning.
The Gatineau native has been on the injury list for several weeks after suffering a concussion on Oct. 19 while playing the Predators.
Coach Michel Therrien said Briere had been symptom-free for the past week, and was now ready to once again hit the ice.
However this time, Briere will be going back to a position he prefers: Centre.
"Back in the lineup, it feels good, it feels great to finally get back," said Briere. "When you're not playing, especially when the team is having a tough stretch like when we had four losses in a row, you feel responsible."
Travis Moen, who has been skating with the team for the past week after breaking a bone in his face on Oct. 26, will also be on the ice Tuesday night.
Gabriel Dumont, the Hamilton Bulldogs call-up will also be dressed as a Canadien.
After a disappointing showing on Sunday David Desharnais won't be playing Tuesday, but Montreal mayor-elect Denis Coderre, who tweeted that Desharnais should be returned to Hamilton, won't be getting his wish.
Therrien confirmed that Desharnais's night off was likely to be a one-time event.
Pearson, the global education company battling a collapse in its biggest market, said it would take further costs out of the business and look to sell some assets after posting a $3.3 billion pretax loss and a sharp rise in debt.
Pearson (psorf), which has issued five profit warnings in four years after students in the United States started renting text books rather than buying them, said its loss included an impairment of goodwill of 2.5 billion pounds, reflecting the challenges facing the business.
Analysts said the full-year results would likely be taken well however as the British firm showed it was taking action to tighten its costs and showed no further deterioration in trading since its last profit warning in January.
The group said it planned to sell its English language learning business GEDU and was looking for a partner to invest in its Wall Street English (WSE) unit.
“Our priorities for 2017 are clear,” said Chief Executive John Fallon. “We will continue to accelerate our digital transformation, simplify our portfolio, control our costs, and focus our investment on the biggest growth opportunities in education.”
Pearson reported 2016 adjusted operating profit of 635 million pounds, down 21% on the year but slightly better than expected due to tight cost control. Net debt increased to 1.1 billion pounds, from 654 million pounds the year before, but its operating cash flow jumped.
“Expect relief on lower debt, disposals and cost saves,” analysts at Citi said.
Share. Hearts and Crafts. Hearts and Crafts.
Tearaway is the best game I've played on the PlayStation Vita. It's a joyous experience that wants to celebrate individual creativity and the power of storytelling, so it's just as well that it never runs out of ideas itself. In fact, Tearaway's eager to show you new things right until the very end. It does things I've never experienced before, and along the way showcases, quite magically, just what a uniquely capable gaming device the Vita can be.
It's a simple story, told in a wonderful way. You control iota or atoi (depending on gender), who is both messenger and message – look closely and you'll see his head is really an envelope – as he's tries to deliver himself to you. That's because in the world of Tearaway you become a character, with the front camera pulling your moving image into the game, casting you in the role of the sun.
Exit Theatre Mode
All Touchy Feely
It's one of the many, many ways in which Tearaway makes full and imaginative use of the Vita's wide array of inputs and sensors. It's constantly inviting you to become part of its world, to reach it and play with it. Since this is such a large part of the experience, I was pleased with just how effortlessly intuitive it all was. Objects stamped with a dense pattern of PlayStation buttons tell you to drum or tickle the rear touchpad, while anything covered with a shiny fingerprint texture needs prodding or pulling or peeling on the touchscreen.
And not one of these conceits ever devolves into facile gimmick, thanks to the creative wit with which they're introduced and elaborated upon. Everything just adheres to the internal logic of this unusual world of paper. For instance, sometimes when you press on the touchpad, you end up ripping a hole into Tearaway's paper world with what looked like my fingers wiggling around, moving objects, opening up pathways. But it's the little touches that help sell the illusion, like the rear camera ingeniously pulling a feed of the environment beneath the Vita, so it really looks like the world is paper thin. The words “cut and paste” could apply to Tearaway's arts-and-crafts sensibility, but never to its design. It's inspired and continually surprising.
The sound effects and distinctive art directions are a big part in really bringing this world to life. Touch screens are notoriously slippery, impersonal things to interact with, but the world of Tearaway feels truly tangible. It's a world of creases, folds, wrinkles, and different thicknesses of paper and card. The animation also has a slight jauntiness, recalling the feel of stop-frame animation and reminding me of classic children's television. The sound effects are maybe even better – every fold and rip you introduce into the world feels real. It all combines to create an endlessly charming illusion of an inanimate world of paper that has miraculously sprung to life.
Exit Theatre Mode
Right until the very end Tearaway has new things to show you. The accelerometer, for instance, is only introduced towards the end, yet presents entirely new challenges. Meanwhile Iota himself regularly acquires new skills – he can scrunch into a ball and acquires a particularly useful accordion – and they expand the horizon of what's possible. And this is where one of my slight criticisms sheepishly creeps in. Tearaway is fairly short, taking me around five hours to finish, and while it has more to show in that time than games twice as big, I wanted to spend more time using its brilliant mechanics, exploring its unique world and applying my newfound abilities. This is a nice problem, of course, and there's some solace to be found in the fact that you're allowed to return to earlier stages with all your abilities and items to hunt down collectibles.
Combat is another weakness. Periodically Iota has to vanquish scraps – noisy little fellas made from strips of grim newspaper – by throwing them into each other or jumping on their bellies. It picks up slightly when Iota is more capable, but for the majority of the time you're held in a small area until each scrap is unravelled. It's definitely the least interesting and developed mechanic, feeling less like something that's supposed to be entertaining and more like a way to halt your progress and stop you from breezing through unchallenged. But since it feels so at odds with what Tearaway is really all about, it's not hugely detrimental.
Looks Good On Paper
The look and design of Tearaway's world is yet another source of delight. Despite being made entirely from paper, there's a lot of variety, from meadows, farms, and forests to laboratories, caverns, and sand dunes. And unlike Media Molecule's LittleBigPlanet series, the creativity burden isn't really on you. That freedom comes in scripted moments of creativity that, every now and then, invite you to embellish the careful design world. Whether that's designing a majestic crown for one of the many personable squirrels or a pair of mittens for Iota to wear as he braves frozen slopes, the implementation of this is superb. Presented with different-coloured sheets of construction card, you're invited to draw whatever design you can imagine using the touchscreen. Scissors then cut free your creation, and you discard the excess paper with a quick flick of your finger. Cards of different colours can even be layered to create more extravagant designs. Once done, this design is instantly brought into the world, and I still can't believe how flawlessly this works.
Exit Theatre Mode
Not only is it fun, it's also thematically appropriate. Tearaway loves storytelling, particularly the folk tradition of passing on a tale but making it your own during the telling. And it does just that. The truth is most people will have a similar experience playing Tearaway – it's fairly linear, after all – but the ways in which you interact with its world will make it unforgettably yours.
Lately we've been hearing a lot about Roger Stone, the self-described "dirty trickster" in a pinstripe suit who has waged unholy war in the D.C. swamps for decades. While Stone has crafted slimy political ads and spread rumors and innuendo about opponents of everyone from Richard Nixon to George H.W. Bush—including, according to Time allegations that Stone denied, the infamous Willie Horton ad—his most prominent project was/is Donald Trump.
Stone was on board the Trump train as early as 1988, and Trump's newfound success has earned Stone a new chance at the spotlight. That includes a new Netflix documentary, Get Me Roger Stone, scheduled to premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival. A trailer for the film dropped today:
In the clip, Stone is shown to be ruthless, to embrace his own villainy, and to enjoy some truly bizarre eyewear. But the real takeaway is that Stone, like Trump, has a refined taste for theatrics. Perhaps that's what Stone saw in the late-'80s, when he first encouraged the then-parochial New York real estate figure to run for president. Both men know that all the world's a stage, and that if you can hold people's attention long enough, they might just give you their wallet—or the keys to the national automobile. Both Trump and Stone also feel that the world is divided into winners and losers—and nothing else.
Another takeaway? Trump obviously knows Stone extremely well, and Stone has played an integral role in the president's political ascendancy. That's not exactly how Press Secretary Sean Spicer has characterized their relationship, as the White House has tried to distance itself from Stone (and others in Trumpworld, like Paul Manafort) in recent weeks as allegations surrounding the Russian Connection have intensified. Such is the life of a cartoon super villain.
THE façade of African unity has been blown asunder and South Africa's hopes of leading the continent dashed after elections on January 30th for the head of the 54-member African Union ended in a stalemate. Neither Jean Ping, the incumbent from francophone Gabon, nor his challenger, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, ex-wife of the South African president, Jacob Zuma, managed to garner the two-thirds majority required. Fresh elections will be held at the AU's next summit in Malawi in June.
The outcome of the poll, held in the AU's new Chinese-built headquarters in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa, will entrench divisions already apparent in the organisation as it has struggled—and failed—to present a united front on such matters as the UN's bombing of Libya, the disputed elections in Côte d'Ivoire and the International Criminal Court's indictment of African rulers like Libya's late leader, Colonel Muammar Qaddafi, and Sudan's Omar al-Bashir.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Chuffed by its recent inclusion in the BRICS, the elite club of emerging-world giants—Brazil, Russia, India and China—and its election to a second two-year term on the UN Security Council, South Africa had announced to all and sundry ahead of the poll its confidence that it would win. But Africa's largest economy underestimated the resistance to its hegemonic tendencies on the continent, particularly from other African heavyweights, such as Egypt and Nigeria, as well as among the smaller francophone countries to whom Mr Zuma has never bothered to endear himself.
Earlier this year, South Africa condemned France's "neo-colonial interference" in helping oust the Ivorian president, Laurent Gbagbo, after he refused to accept defeat at the polls. Then it accused France of scuppering the AU's belated peacekeeping efforts in Libya. Now it is blaming "French influence" for the defeat of its candidate for the AU's top post. It is nevertheless seeking to put a positive spin on its humiliation by claiming a victory (of sorts) in blocking Mr Ping from serving a second term. "We have defeated the agenda of the French and foreign intervention in African affairs," a South African official declared.
Different numbers have been provided by anonymous sources for the outcome of the secret ballot. But all agree that the vote in the first three rounds was extremely close, with Mr Ping edging into a narrow lead only in the third. This obliged Ms Dlamini-Zuma, a former South African foreign minister and now minister for home affairs, to withdraw, allowing Mr Ping, Gabon's former foreign minister, to go into the fourth round unchallenged. But even then he failed to win the two-thirds support necessary. His deputy, Erastus Mwencha, will take his place as acting chairman of the AU Commission until new elections can be held.
Update: The AU has now decided that Mr Ping should remain at the head of the organisation until fresh elections are held.
Thiessen, 25, is in his second season with WBS after signing as a free agent on April 8, 2009. He has appeared in 42 games this season with WBS, posting a 32-7-1 record and .924 save percentage while being named the starting goaltender for the AHL All-Star Game (he missed the game due to injury).Thiessen currently leads the AHL with 32 wins and a 1.88 goals-against average. His seven shutouts are tied for the league lead, and they established a single-season franchise record.Thiessen, who hails from Aldergrove, BC, earned Reebok/AHL Goaltender of the Month honors for February after going 8-2 with a 1.28 goals-against average, .943 save percentage and three shutouts. He was named Reebok/AHL Player of the Week for the week ending Feb. 13. Earlier this season, Thiessen and his WBS goaltending partner, John Curry, shared goaltender of the month honors for October.Thiessen traveled with the Penguins throughout their 2009 Stanley Cup championship run providing practice support. Prior to joining the Pittsburgh organization he spent three collegiate seasons at Northeastern University, posting a 52-46-12 record in 111 games. Thiessen was one of three finalists for the Hobey Baker Award as the nation's outstanding collegiate player in 2008-09 when he went 25-12-4 with a 2.12 goals-against average in 41 appearances.
Researchers at Cornell University have developed a new type of radio-on-a-chip that could mean cheaper, more flexible wireless systems. Smartphone makers could, for example, use the technology to make a single model of each phone that works anywhere in the world.
Single-chip radios have become a popular choice for communications hardware in the last decade because most characteristics of the radio are determined through software, not discrete hardware components. For this reason, they are often referred to as software-defined radios.
But software can only do so much. In many transceiver devices—ones that transmit and receive—an array of filters is needed to protect the sensitive receiver circuity from signals being transmitted. Those signals can be up to a billion times more powerful that the ones being received, so without the filters, the radio would be overwhelmed and useless.
In cellphones, the radio transmits and receives simultaneously on different frequencies. This allows you to listen and speak at the same time without having to take turns and say “over” each time you finish.
The Cornell researchers have figured out a way to generate the transmit signal that allows it to be canceled out on the reception side. That way, hardware filters aren't needed.
“The reason why it works is a unique design,” said Alyssa Apsel, a professor at Cornell and member of the team that developed the technology. The radio generates several signals that in one direction combine to produce the desired transmit signal. In the other direction they cancel each out, thus doing the job of a filter.
The new design could make software radios cheaper, but that's secondary to a bigger advance.
“We can enable this function at any frequency, just by tuning some parameters,” said Apsel. “So we can make a radio that is truly reconfigurable, changed on the fly to spectrum in your location.”
That's becoming more important as the airwaves get more crammed with wireless signals.
A couple of decades ago, a cellphone that covered three frequency bands would have worked pretty much anywhere in the world, but the latest LTE technology is available for more than 30 different bands.
Things are likely to get more complicated as demand for spectrum leads more countries to make band assignments specific to their needs. So a radio that can quickly be reprogrammed for a particular region could be useful.
The radio developed at Cornell covers frequencies from 300MHz to 5GHz, which encompasses many active communications bands, including those for cellphones, Wi-Fi, amateur radio, emergency services and some fixed wireless broadband and satellite communications.
They've managed to attain 25dB of isolation between to transmit and receive signals so far. Apsel said hardware filters will typically isolate from 20dB to 40dB, but the researchers aren't done yet. She's confident of achieving 50dB isolation or more.
The research was detailed in a paper, “A wideband fully integrated software-defined transceiver for FDD and TDD operation,” published online in the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers' Journal of Solid-State Circuits on January 27, 2017. Apsel worked with Cornell professor Alyosha Molnar.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Gen Ri had reportedly not been mentioned in North Korean media since mid-January
North Korea has executed its army chief of staff Ri Yong-gil, according to unconfirmed South Korean media reports.
Senior officials in North Korea have previously been absent from view for long periods only to reappear.
However, Gen Ri would be the latest of several high-ranking officials to be purged under leader Kim Jong-un.
South Korean media reported that Gen Ri had been executed earlier this month for corruption and "factional conspiracy".
Last week, a meeting of the Central Committee of the ruling Workers' Party attended by Mr Kim discussed how to deal with corruption.
While no individuals were mentioned, state news agency KCNA reported at the time that those at the meeting criticised "the practices of seeking privileges, misuse of authority... and bureaucratism manifested in the party".
Who is Ri Yong-gil?
Previously presented by state media as a key figure in Kim Jong-un's entourage
First emerged as a senior staff officer in 2012 before taking over as chief of staff
Last seen in early January alongside Mr Kim during the North's latest nuclear test
Who was N Korea's 'executed' general?
North Korean leadership expert Mike Madden told the BBC rumours that Gen Ri had fallen from favour first surfaced late last year.
However, "when previous chiefs of staff have been removed, they have re-appeared in other positions or been demoted. The only exception was Gen Ri Yong-ho who was removed in 2012 and then put under house arrest," Mr Madden said.
"That being said, much of the information that South Korean intelligence sources have been giving to the media in the past year or so has turned out to be true," he added.
Mr Madden also pointed out that it already seemed as though Gen Ri had been replaced when another general, Ri Myong-su, appeared at a recent rally in Pyongyang and was mentioned in the slot normally reserved for the chief of staff.
If this is the case, he will be the fourth chief of staff since Kim Jong-un took over in 2011, as opposed to three during his father Kim Jong-il's 17 years in power.
The reports of Gen Ri's execution come days after the North launched a long-range rocket, which critics say is a test of banned missile technology.
In January the North carried out its fourth nuclear test.
Some observers say the regime's recent behaviour may be linked to Kim Jong-un wanting to shore up his position ahead of a rare congress of the Workers' Party due in May.
Analysis from the BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul
Image copyright AFP Image caption Gen Ri (left) was executed earlier this month, according to South Korean media
North Korea rarely confirms these reports of purges and executions though it did announce the death of Kim Jong-un's uncle and mentor, Chang Song-thaek, in 2013.
Sometimes reports become completely fanciful as they spin around the internet - reports that Mr Chang was devoured by ravenous dogs were false.
Knowing what to make of the executions and disappearances is also hard. Do they indicate the strength of the man at the top, because he can arbitrarily and brutally dispense with the people around him, or does it indicate weakness?
It may be both. It may be that Kim Jong-un fears alternative sources of power and (like Stalin) pre-empts their rise. But it may also be that Kim Jong-un (like Stalin) sees threats where they do not exist. What is clear is that the leadership around Kim Jong-un is not stable.
In May 2015 South Korea's spy agency told parliament that the North's Defence Minister Hyon Yong-chol had been executed for showing disloyalty to Mr Kim.
The agency said Mr Hyon was killed by anti-aircraft fire in front of an audience of hundreds - it later said it was yet to verify the information. That news came weeks after the reported execution of 15 senior officials.
Also on Wednesday, South Korea announced it was suspending operations at the jointly-run Kaesong industrial park in North Korea following the North's recent rocket launch and nuclear test.
Seoul said all operations at the complex would halt, to stop the North using its investment "to fund its nuclear and missile development".
The suspension will mean North Korea will lose the income it currently gains from the site, which comes to $100m a year (£69m).
Yesterday at The Players' Tribune, "Tiger Woods" "wrote" the dumbest fucking thing in response to a satirical, obviously fake piece that ran in a recent issue of Golf Digest. All Woods's blockheaded complaint did was alert the world to how much of a dense, robotic dolt he is, and now his girlfriend, Olympic skiier Lindsey Vonn, is following his lead.
USA Today caught up with Vonn, and asked her what she thought of her boyfriend making an ass out of himself in public:
"We talked about the article and that he was going to say something," Vonn told USA TODAY Sports. "I completely agree with him. I agree with his statement and I'm glad that he did it. That's not journalism. It was like a fabricated interview, like what (Jenkins) thinks Tiger would say." "But it went way too far, and it wasn't very clear that it was a joke, that it was fabricated. If you read it, you might think that it was actually Tiger talking. The whole thing is completely ridiculous."
Advertisement
Again, Dan Jenkins's gentle ribbing of Woods is plainly satire to anyone with two functioning eyes. It appeared under the headline "My (Fake) Interview With Tiger," which is also how the story was teased on the cover and in the table of contents.
This is all so dumb. Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn are so dumb.
[USA Today]
The R32-generation Nissan Skyline GT-R can now be imported to the U.S. under the 25-year importation rule. What effect has the opening of the American market had on GT-R prices? Classic and Performance Car in the U.K. spoke with Harlow Japanese Autos, who said that prices have "doubled," pegging the increase to American demand. We wanted to find out what American importers are seeing, and whether they agree.
We spoke with Samuel Risberg at Montu Motors, which is a Florida-based importer of JDM cars and claim to be the first U.S. importer to bring over R32 Skylines properly. They've been examining the market since the first month that R32s were legal to import, and they've seen the way the Japanese market has reacted to the pressure to export first hand.
Chris Cantle
There's good news, and there's bad news. The bad news first: Montu Motors has found that immaculate, low-mile GT-Rs are indeed becoming rare and expensive. They're harder to find, and prices reflect that. The good news is that there are plenty of GT-Rs available of a slightly lower caliber, with higher mileage or needing reconditioning. In Risberg's opinion, the overall cost to consumers for an average R32 is not much more than it was before, while exceptional cars are much more expensive.
We also spoke to Chris Bishop of Japanese Classics LLC out of Richmond, VA. His boutique shop specializes in high-quality JDM imports. Japanese Classics travels to Japan each year for several months to buy cars he can inspect in person. After all, these are used performance cars. "You can get into tricky territory reselling these cars," he said, alluding to abuse, modification, and hidden damage. He won't buy anything sight unseen.
He pointed out a few things. Yes, immaculate R32 prices are very high—closer to triple what they were before the 25-year rule applied. "That's certainly due to demand" from American buyers, he told me. And R32 Nismos? Forget about it. Bishop thinks, despite their rarity (only 500 were made), they're overpriced. "Three to four years ago," Bishop said, "Nismos were nowhere near where they are today. They've more than tripled."
Chris Cantle
All that being said, Bishop thinks the current price spike is a passing phase. "Next year, prices will level off, and then go down," he said, as newer cars become available to import. Currently, prices in Japan for 1992 and 1993 cars are relatively low. He imagines prices in the U.S. will stabilize at $15-20k, instead of the $20-30k they're going for now, which is closer to what they're actually worth as used performance cars in his opinion. After the market works itself out in a year or two, R32s will be a better deal.
And of course, the R33 and R34 Skylines are on the horizon. When those become eligible for import, R32 prices may dip even more. Don't expect fire-sale prices for R32s, though. "I think the demand [for R32s] will always be there" even after the R33s and R34s are eligible for imporation, noted Bishop—GT-Rs will always be popular, no matter the generation. It's just that prices will better reflect what they're actually worth.
We don't notice much of what we see.
Could you draw the ubiquitous Apple computer logo from memory? Probably not, as it turns out.
In a new study published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology, UCLA psychologists found that almost none of their subjects could draw the logo correctly from memory. Out of 85 UCLA undergraduate students, only one correctly reproduced the Apple logo when asked to draw it on a blank sheet of paper. Fewer than half the students correctly identified the actual logo when they were shown it among a number of similar logos with slightly altered features.
Among the participants were 52 Apple users, 10 PC users and 23 students who used both Apple and PC products — but the findings did not differ between Apple and PC users.
How can this be, given that logos are designed to be simple, memorable and visually distinctive, and Apple's logo is among the world's most recognizable?
“People had trouble picking out the correct logo even when it was right in front of them,” said Alan Castel, an associate professor of psychology at UCLA and senior author of the study, who showed in 2012 that most people did not know the location of a bright red fire extinguisher near their office, even though they had walked by it hundreds or thousands of times.
An explanation may be that our brains have learned it is not important to remember specific details. An efficient memory system does not need to store the details of a corporate logo, except perhaps to distinguish counterfeit products, the researchers concluded.
Earlier studies have shown that most people have a poor memory for other items they encounter daily or almost daily, including computer keyboards (even skilled typists have difficulty describing a standard keyboard), pennies and road signs.
In the new study, participants were asked how well they would be able to draw the Apple logo before being asked to draw it.
“There was a striking discrepancy between participants' confidence prior to drawing the logo and how well they performed on the task,” Castel said. “People's memory, even for extremely common objects, is much poorer than they believe it to be.”
*Can you recognize the correct logo? Take the test for yourself*
About this memory research
Adam Blake, a UCLA graduate student in Castel's laboratory, is the study's lead author. Meenely Nazarian, a former UCLA undergraduate, is a co-author.
Contact: Stuart Wolpert – UCLA
Source: UCLA press release
Image Source: The image is credited to Adam Blake, Meenely Nazarian, Alan Castel/UCLA Psychology and is adapted from the press release
Original Research: Full open access research for “The Apple of the mind's eye: Everyday attention, metamemory, and reconstructive memory for the Apple logo” by Adam B. Blake, Meenely Nazarian and Alan D. Castel* in Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology. Published online February 27 2015 doi:10.1080/17470218.2014.1002798
Open Access Neuroscience Abstract
The Apple of the mind's eye: Everyday attention, metamemory, and reconstructive memory for the Apple logo
People are regularly bombarded with logos in an attempt to improve brand recognition, and logos are often designed with the central purpose of memorability. The ubiquitous Apple logo is a simple design and is often referred to as one of the most recognizable logos in the world. The present study examined recall and recognition for this simple and pervasive logo and to what degree metamemory (confidence judgements) match memory performance. Participants showed surprisingly poor memory for the details of the logo as measured through recall (drawings) and forced-choice recognition. Only 1 participant out of 85 correctly recalled the Apple logo, and fewer than half of all participants correctly identified the logo. Importantly, participants indicated higher levels of confidence for both recall and recognition, and this overconfidence was reduced if participants made the judgements after, rather than before, drawing the logo. The general findings did not differ between Apple and PC users. The results provide novel support for theories of attentional saturation, inattentional amnesia, and reconstructive memory; additionally they show how an availability heuristic can lead to overconfidence in memory for logos.
“The Apple of the mind's eye: Everyday attention, metamemory, and reconstructive memory for the Apple logo” by Adam B. Blake, Meenely Nazarian and Alan D. Castel* in Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology doi:10.1080/17470218.2014.1002798.
Share this Psychology News
The Bureau of Customs is looking into possible technical smuggling of goods from and to China, which deprives the government of billions of pesos in tax revenues, the Department of Finance said yesterday.
The DOF cited a recent report of Customs Commissioner Isidro Lapeña to Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III as saying that the wide discrepancy between China's recorded exports and imports to the Philippines could be attributed to the gross misdeclaration or undervaluation of goods in terms of either volume or weight.
ADVERTISEMENT
Also, Lapeña said the discrepancy in trade figures was due to “the possible use of 'consignees for hire,' which leads to goods released to 'hidden' traders and not to the consignees on record.”
The hiring of consignees and hidden traders allowed the importer to evade the scrutiny of the Bureau of Internal Revenue, according to Lapeña.
“In both instances—misdeclaration or undervaluation and the use of consignees for hire—“benchmarking” and the submission of fake documents allow traders to get away with these underhanded schemes,” he added.
Lapeña said he would go to China this month to personally look into this matter and check the Philippine export records of the BOC's Chinese counterpart agency.
For his part, Dominguez ordered Lapeña to focus on China's trade records and arrange a meeting with the Customs chief of that country to discuss and find possible solutions to bridge the massive trade gap.
Lapeña said that under his watch, the BOC was gradually doing away with the practice of benchmarking, which allows traders to expedite the processing of their imports without the required inspections, so that the correct valuation of goods at the ports could be done.
Lapeña already directed Customs officers to ensure a five-day processing period for imports to cut the usual time of one to two months.
Last year, Dominguez said the DOF wanted to sharpen its teeth against smugglers as the government lost about P231 billion yearly to technical smuggling.
Dominguez had said that the foregone revenue, which was reflected by discrepancies between the import volume reported by local traders and actual figures recorded by their overseas suppliers, accounted for 2 percent of the gross domestic product, highlighting the need to improve Customs and the tax systems' efficiencies.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Finance chief had also cited UN Comtrade data showing a P1.8-trillion gap in 2014 between the value of importers' shipments and those reported by the exporting countries.
Dominguez had acknowledged that part of such gap could be the result of timing issues and the inclusion and exclusion of particular commodities in reporting, and not outright evidence of smuggling.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Even history buffs are stumped by this one. What single battle in our military history killed more Americans than any other?
It wasn't the Civil War's Gettysburg, where Americans died on both sides of the battle lines. It wasn't the notorious Battle of the Bulge, when Germany broke out with an offensive late in World War II. It wasn't D-Day.
It was a month-long battle in World War I -- the Battle of the Argonne Forest that claimed 26,277 American lives and left 95,786 wounded, astronomical figures compared with battles today. It took an entire campaign to take Normandy in World War II to amass more American dead.
So what does it mean that we don't even recall it?
It seems the war has slipped from the minds of Americans, even though this year marks the 100th anniversary of the United States entering it.
The saddest thing about Meuse-Argonne, also known as the Battle of the Argonne Forest, is that "the times I've been to the cemetery, there's been no one there," says Andy Wiest, distinguished professor of history at the University of Southern Mississippi. "People have just forgotten it. Go to the D-Day cemetery in Normandy and it's always crowded.
"They've forgotten about WWI in general. Go out on the streets of Gulfport or Biloxi and ask what the most costly battle in U.S. history was, and no one will come up with that. It's sad, but you pretty much have to be a specialist to know it. That's how far WWI has slipped from our memory and imagination."
WWI in Gautier
The last veteran of that war died in 2011, and he was 110, so "there's no living memory of that war," said John McAnally, Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College history teacher.
It has become our grandfather's and great-grandfather's war, he said.
Another fact about the so-called Great War is that every state sent soldiers.
Ocean Springs has a monument to one of its own who died there. The G.I. Museum in Gautier has acquired artifacts -- dug from the trenches of France at the Battle of the Somme -- for a special display this year.
America was invested, though not nearly as heavily as Europe and Great Britain, whose residents trekked to battlegrounds and cemeteries on their 100th anniversaries last year. All of England marked the Battle of the Somme, the deadliest single battle in British history.
We entered the war in 1917, so this would be the year to visit the Gautier museum and see what pieces of history are available.
The 100-year-old French helmet on display there seems small and fragile compared to ones today.
Unlike the American helmet that could adapt to different head sizes with a sweat band, France made different-sized helmets for its soldiers, which was a logistical nightmare, said Doug Mansfield, who co-owns and operates the G.I. Museum with his wife, Cheryl Mansfield. Soldiers couldn't pick up someone else's helmet and use it on the battlefield.
The museum also has WWI medals, ammo pouches, belts, canteens, gas masks and several uniforms -- one that belonged to John Ripley Walker of Ripley, Mississippi. His son, who flew B-17s in World War II, donated it.
Americans didn't have special uniforms for different branches like the Germans did. They had insignias that told the branch of service -- infantry, artillery, air corps, medical corps, Mansfield says.
The museum recently acquired a candleholder from the German trench line and a carbide lamp that burned pellets to give off light.
"They didn't have lights like we do today, not even a flashlight," Mansfield said.
Camp Shelby was opened in 1917, Mansfield said.
"We have WWI postcards from there and letters written from soldiers at Camp Shelby. There's one dated Dec. 1, 1918, that starts 'Dear Mom' ...
"We have a postcard sent home Nov. 10, 1918 from a soldier saying he was captured by the Germans and was in a camp. The war ended on Nov. 11, 1918, the day the Armistice was signed."
What it was like
The United States entered the war in April 1917 and by June of 1918, little more than a year later, it had raised an army of nearly 3 million -- equipped and trained soldiers on the ground in Europe.
It's something other countries probably couldn't do, Wiest said.
Wiest is director of USM's Dale Center for the Study of War and Society, which the university says is one of the top military history programs in the country. Dale Center faculty have served as documentary consultants and experts for the History Channel, the Military Channel, PBS, Lucas Films and the BBC.
The Battle of Meuse-Argonne began in September 1918 as the war was drawing to a close. The fresh U.S. troops attacked a well-fortified German trench line.
"It was a different kind of war for us," Wiest said. "The war we were used to was open maneuvering, an army moving about the countryside. WWI was a siege like Vicksburg (from the Civil War) that straddled an entire continent. You couldn't go around the trenches, you had to plow through them. There was no subtlety. Battles were won by brute force."
German trench lines formed a web of fortifications. There would be a front line and then a second trench line with a fort and then another and another, connected with underground tunnels that continued inland for 7 or 8 miles.
"You had to ball a fist and try to bust your way through the trenches, which meant a heavy artillery fire," Wiest said. "French, German and British armies had been getting on-the-job training for four years. They had fought a number of battles like the Meuse-Argonne. We were new."
More than 1 million Americans fought in that single battle, "a battle that lasts for a month, crawling forward literally from your shattered front-line trench to their shattered front-line trench," Wiest said. "And these guys are fighting in hell -- landscape devastated, no food, no one stopped to bury any of the dead.
"The capacity for saving the wounded was low in WWI. It takes a long time to die and the battlefield is loud with the dying. It's a special kind of horror that these men had to fight through. Everything you heard bad about Vicksburg, multiply it 10 to 15 times."
Both mustard and phosgene gases were used at Meuse-Argonne, one causing internal and external blisters. The other had soldiers coughing up pieces of their lungs.
Making of a world power
The war, however, ushered America into the role of a world power.
When Wiest teaches World War I in class, he calls it the beginning of the American century.
It was a fight about dominance in Europe, he said, but in the end, the country that mattered was the United States.
The European powers had beaten themselves to death for five years, he said. "When it was over, we're rising, taking their markets."
"Britain begins that war as the leading lender, the world's bank. Then it spent every nickel and went into debt to us. America steps onto the world stage. After the war, we matter.
"In that sense, it may be the most important war America ever fought because we're still that superpower.
"Before World War I, if you made a move in the world, you asked Great Britain if it was OK. After the war, you checked with us."
We were suddenly recognized as a power to be reckoned with, and it's been that way ever since.
It's no surprise today that EHR Consulting Services is first step for an excellent healthcare. EHR (Electronic Health Record) systems are secure, integrated, can deliver enormous and lasting value with best practices and meaningful use throughout the life cycle.
If your health system or hospital is situated in the US, you need to invest a lot of money for installing the latest updates for EHR system due to meaningful use.
Stages Under Meaningful Use:
Focusing on data collection and sharing Focusing on advancing clinical processes Focusing on quality, safety and efficiency in terms of enhancements
Many hospitals and healthcare organizations rush to comply with meaningful use essentials and ignore the long-term consequences before investing in these systems.
It is important to understand the fact that more advanced EHR Development system will cost more to handle- numerous individuals, maintenance, support and latest updates.
Moreover, when the installation process is completed, you will certainly get more users' request for expanded use of the system with additional costs.
It Has Innovated The Healthcare
For requirements like driving changes in the process, behavior, and culture, EHR system is an essential but not sufficient. All the enhancements and changes are expected to drive brilliant outcomes with successful technical installation.
It may take several years of trials to implement precision electronic health record development system, but once company discovers the decision support tools, and get training to run the system, they can expect more yielding benefits.
The Good Side Vs The Bad Vs The Ugly Truth
The good things about these solutions are:
Length-of-stay reduction
Nursing time saving
Medication safety enhancements
Lab and drug cost reduction
Enhanced compliance with preventive care
The bad side includes:
Poor track record
Less quality driven results
The ugly truth about EHR Development system is that hospitals don't achieve expected strategic advantages from these systems.
Because of this fact, many hospitals are still avoiding EHR solutions and adhering to their conventional process of documenting the reports and patient data on paper files.
How It Can Impact In An Optimistic Way?
There are essential points that influence EHR benefits: Getting trained from experts to run electronic health record systems for better results often deliver excellent output.
When the enterprise/ hospital focuses on best practices, it will get succeed in making meaningful use of such systems.
Encourage the operators and staff and help them in making best practices for success.
Project updates are just not specialized on budgets, technical details, and timelines. They also include benefit realization and measurement details.
1
Hulton Archive/Getty IMages
The Rumor: The oft-repeated legend states that Walt Disney arranged to have his body placed in cold storage after his death with the intention of being revived sometime in the future when medical science was up to the challenge. The details of the story range from the plausible notion that the removal of a cancerous lung more than a month before his death had Disney thinking about whether he would live long enough to complete his unfinished projects to the ludicrous idea that his body is currently being stored beneath the Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland.
The Truth: There is almost no credible evidence to suggest that Disney was even interested in the potential of cryogenics. Most of the claims that Disney did have himself frozen come from discredited biographers whose sources are hearsay at best, outright fabrication at worst. Disney's death certificate states that he was cremated and statements from the Disney family bear this out. But as long as conspiracy theories and the dream of seeing Walt come back to put the House of Mouse in order persist, the legend will live on.
President Barack Obama is not to be messed with – at least not when his anger translator's around!
During Saturday night's White House Correspondents' Dinner in Washington, D.C., Obama's speech was full of one-liners and zingers, but it wasn't until Keegan-Michael Key joined him onstage that it really took off.
Drawing from a recurring bit on Key's Comedy Central sketch show Key & Peele, the President recruited his “anger translator Luther” to help him finish out his speech. As Obama remained calm and spoke about various White House issues, Key interjected with hilarious tirades.
“Despite our differences, we count on our press to shed light on the most important issues of the day,” said Obama.
“We can count on Fox News to terrify all white people with some nonsense,” Key quickly added.
The duo continued, poking fun at billionaire campaign donors and the 2016 presidential candidates, including Hillary Clinton.
“She gonna get that money, she gonna get all the money … Khaleesi is coming to Westeros, Key shouted, referring to HBO's Game of Thrones.
When Obama started to discuss global warming, however, the tables were turned.
“I mean, look at what's happening right now. Every serious scientist says we need to act. The Pentagon says it's a national security risk,” the President said, growing audibly angrier and angrier. “It is crazy! What about our kids! What kind of stupid, short-sighted, irresponsible …”
Luther stopped Obama before he could continue, saying, “All due respect sir, you don't need an anger translator. You need counseling.”
It's Official: Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross Are Our Dream Presidential Ticket
The Queen of Pop will get her chance to rule at the BRIT Awards.
Madonna will return to her old stomping ground later this month when she performs at the British recording industry's flagship awards ceremony.
The veteran singer, a two-time BRITS winner, is confirmed to a bill that includes previously-announced performers Sam Smith, Ed Sheeran, Paloma Faith, George Ezra, Royal Blood, Take That and Taylor Swift, who just last week revealed that she was a star-struck fan of Madonna.
Brit Music Awards Nominations: Sam Smith, Ed Sheeran & More
The 2015 gala will be held Feb. 25 at The O2 in London, and will be broadcast live on free-to-air network ITV.
Madonna won BRITS in 2001 and 2006 in the best international female category. It's been a full 20 years since she last played the BRITS; on that night back in 1995, she opened proceedings with a performance of her U.K. top 5 hit "Bedtime Stories".
"We're delighted to bring Madonna back to the BRITS," comments BRITS chairman Max Lousada. "She's an icon, an innovator and, above all, an entertainer. Having her as part of the show will guarantee an unforgettable night of music."
Madonna's 10 Most Surprising Collaborations
Madonna once called England home. After she married the movie director Guy Ritchie in 2000, the American superstar reinvented herself as a posh Brit. She took up residence in a country mansion, took to horse riding, hunting and even spoke with a curious British accent. The pair divorced in 2008.
Madonna is on the promotion trail for her 13 studio album Rebel Heart, which will be released March 9 via Universal Music.
When Secretary of State John Kerry recently thundered that Israel could choose to be a Jewish state or a democratic state, but not both, he was enthusiastically supported by German Foreign Minister Walter-Frank Steinmeier.
Steinmeier has often made a point of expressing his friendship to German Jews. For instance, he was proud that the European Maccabi Games were held in Berlin, even if he grossly exaggerated the number of Jews in Germany, or ignored the fact that participants were advised to use taxis and hide their Jewish identity.
Steinmeier reflects the conflict that Germans experience in their perceptions of Jews: Holocaust guilt combined with ambivalence towards the Jewish state of Israel.
The roots of this PC form of antisemitism can be found in the doctrine of Christianity's founder, Augustine, who condemned Jews to pariah status in his “eternal witness” concept. Jews were to be seen as unwelcome, homeless, unloved and pitied. They were to exist (the” right to exist” in today's PC parlance) in order to remind those of Christendom's triumph.
Ironically, Steinmeier's doctoral dissertation was on state intervention and homelessness. Seemingly, one of the world's oldest victims of exile and homelessness, the Jews, escaped his thought processes.
Augustine's dictum became the basis of European culture from Luther to Wagner, from Goethe to Kaiser Wilhelm ll, from Degas to TS Elliot, and later, Israel's standing in the UN. Ban Ki-moon acknowledged that Israel is unfairly and disproportionately singled out. Most political resolutions in the UN are about condemning Israel.
Theodore Herzl asked the Pope in 1904 to endorse a Jewish national homeland. He declined, raising the Augustinian principle. In 1964, Pope Paul IV, refused to meet Israeli leaders when he visited Jerusalem for a day. Neither he nor other democracies condemned the illegal Jordanian refusal to grant Jews worldwide, access to their holiest site.
More recently, President Hollande of France, was pressured to address the Knesset, the very symbol of Israel's sovereignty. President Obama, visiting Israel, also declined this honor, thereby sending a message to Europe, the Arab countries and the UN.
Steinmeier has jumped on the politically correct and populist bandwagon. Regardless of any future political settlement, yet demanding ethnic cleansing of Jews in the disputed territories, Steinmeier has exposed his hypocrisy.
From his office in Berlin, Steinmeier would be aware that the Jewish King David made Jerusalem the capital of the United Kingdom of Israel, 2,000 years before Germans settled in Berlin near existing Slavic settlements, in what is today Museum Island in central Berlin.
If Steinmeier attended a performance of Bach's popular “Christmas Oratorio,” he would have heard the opening lines, “Joseph went to Judea, the Land of the Jews,” acknowledging Jews as the indigenous people of Jerusalem and Judea.
Endorsing the absurd statement that Israel cannot be both Jewish and a democracy, Steinmeier also condemns Germany and Europe.
Steinmeier is part of the coalition headed by Chancellor Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and Bavarian partner, the Christian Social Union (CSU). Yes, Christian and democratic.
Most public holidays in Germany date back centuries and celebrate some religious event. While holidays vary according to state, they celebrate Epiphany, Good Friday, Easter Monday, Ascension Day, Whit Monday, Corpus Christi, Assumption Day, Reformation Day, All Saints' Day, Day of Prayer and Repentance, Christmas day, St Stephen's day, St Martin's Day and St Nicholas day. Not a small number for a democracy. The cross also appears on many European flags and other symbols like Germany's Grand Cross Medal.
Israel is similar to the US, Canada, Australia and Europe, with holidays rooted in their religious heritage. Israel has always been successful as a Jewish and democratic state, with non-Jewish minorities represented in the Knesset, judiciary, military, media and more. Whatever a final settlement might bring, Israel will remain a Jewish democratic state.
Does Steinmeier believe that Christian Germany cannot be a democracy? If he ridicules that notion, why demand a different set rules for the Jewish State of Israel where Ramadan is also respected and Christians given free gifts of Jerusalem Pine Christmas trees by the authorities?
Steinmeier is an enthusiastic supporter of the Islamic State of Iran and the Iranian nuclear deal. Despite being a totalitarian country with public executions of “undesirables” such as gays and dissidents, Iran is also the prime sponsor of international terror. It has a vast spy network in Germany. It sponsors the annual Al Quds Day marches in Berlin, calling for the annihilation of Israel. Yet Steinmeier rushed to visit that country, smile at photo ops with mullahs, while downplaying Iran's open threats to continue where Hitler left off. Steinmeier has stated that the rejection of capital punishment is a key German human-rights policy — when it suits.
While Steinmeier raises concerns about “a Jewish” Israel, he has been very lenient to non-democracies such as Russia and China. Realpolitik is all relative for Steinmeier who fails to recognize, that despite a future agreement, Jews are the indigenous people of the disputed territories.
Mr. Abbas has been a guest of Germany. In his interviews, he referred to terrorists as “martyrs.” He lied by justifying attacks against Israelis as “defending the Al Aqsa Mosque.” His antisemitic rants of “Judaizing” Jerusalem and that Jews ”would never be allowed to defile the holy sites with their dirty feet,” never raised red flags for Steinmeier.
In reality, Abbas should have been arrested. Not only is he a Holocaust denier, a crime in Germany, but Abbas was the paymaster for the Munich Olympic Games massacre of Israeli athletes in 1972. Arafat and Abbas kissed operations chief, Abu Daoud, and wished him luck before that attack. In 2016, Abbas referred to that massacre as a “heroic operation.” Steinmeier does not see that as a problem, but is concerned about a “Jewish” State of Israel.
Steinmeier welcomed UNSC Resolution 2334,demanding Israel return to its 1948 indefensible ceasefire lines. Steinmeier, on the other hand, is part of a government that upholds Israel's “right to exist,” whatever that means.
Ethnic cleansing of Jews is not democratic. Endorsing a ban on Jews in Eastern Jerusalem and their holiest site, the Western Wall, shames Steinmeier, both as a German and as a western foreign minister.
Steinmeier would do well to understand his own history that includes not only Augustine and Luther's legacies, but also his predecessor, Walther Rathenau, the only Jewish cabinet minister in German history. He was murdered by fanatical German nationalists in 1922. As a Doctor of Law, Steinmeier could also read opinions of international jurists such as Stephen Schwebel and Jacques Gauthier about the Israeli occupation's legality.
Having endorsed Kerry's advice to Israel, Steinmeier should now hasten to return the honorary doctorate he received in 2015 from Jerusalem's Hebrew University, which is partly in “occupied territory.”
Why would he flout the very resolution he supports?
Ron Jontof-Hutter is a Fellow at the Berlin International Centre for the Study of Antisemitism. He is the author of the acclaimed satirical novel, “The trombone man: tales of a misogynist.” This piece first appeared in the Jewish Journal.
To begin, screw Wired. Unremarked upon one evening over a week ago, an event occurred in which a representative democracy, human ingenuity, and the networking capabilities of the internet came together in one beautiful synthesis, to effect real positive change in the world. Degrading it with slander, lies and the usual liberal slurs of ‘conspiracies' (because Senate and Congressional investigations on the same topics are obviously chasing conspiracies as well), racism, and the like only prove how important and meaningful the event was, to be so viciously attacked like that. So, allow this article to strip away the lies and tell it from the point of view of someone who was there.
On the evening of the 24th of July, a strange post appeared among the newest entries in the Reddit forum The_Donald, a collective of Donald Trump supporters dedicated to making America great again. This post, telling of a looming congressional investigation, requested simply a list of all the known scandals that had been studied by users on The_Donald and elsewhere in the bowels of the internet. If you happened to see the description of the forum within the Wired article, please note the randomly timed screenshot of The_Donald at the time of this writing and notice the complete lack of substance in Wired's description of this site.
So, after some initial derision and doubt from The_Donald users, who tend to be wary of lies and fakes, discovered that he was in fact a staffer and his mission was to bring together as many of the scandals that had emerged like weeds from the Obama regime to be put into some unspecific legislation. The users that were engaged in this thread immediately lept to action; and no, it was not just one users' suggestions which were being implemented, as much as Wired may want to tear down an individual user and expose them to harassment, much in the vein of CNN.
Scandals were listed out or linked to from other websites, such as then-AG Loretta Lynch directly intervening in the FBI Clinton Email investigation to downplay it in the media, Fusion GPS' illicit activities during the campaign, the pay-for-play interactions between the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State, the lucrative speaking engagements and gifts received by Bill Clinton connected to Hillary's actions as Secretary of State, the questionable causes of Mueller's appointment as Special Counsel, the Obama regime's manufactured reasoning for the FISA warrants on the Trump campaign, and the rapidly spreading Susan Rice unmasking scandal. Many of these scandals have documentation and publicly published evidence from activist legal actions such as Judicial Watch's litigation, reporting from free-minded news organizations such as Circa, and even leaked documents posted to Wikileaks.
All of these various sources, meticulously tracked by users in The_Donald, came together in a flurry of a mere hour or two, providing the beleaguered staffer with all the information required and more. Without a word he retreated for the evening, and the hundred or so users who had seen the post waited with bated breath. Then, two evenings later, a second magic evening occured. Democrats on the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee were pushing an amendment to demand an investigation into the firing of James Comey. It was then that Representative Gaetz submitted a substitute amendment, expanding the demands for information on all the previously mentioned scandals. Thousands online watched as an amendment whose list included surprisingly similar items to the conversation a few nights prior was introduced and successfully passed by the Judiciary Committee, much to the chagrin of the Democrats. To the users of The_Donald who had been present for the prior conversation, it was a miracle unfolding.
A congressional staffer, working apparently a fair bit of overtime, was in need of information, which he was unable to get from the mainstream media, as the scandals he needed information on simply weren't being consistently or thoroughly covered. Desperate, he reached out to the users of one of the few places that collected that information and propagated it as much as they could, to keep it on the internet in the distant hope that one day lawbreakers in DC would be held to the laws they wrote and were sworn to uphold. This was a group who normally would have had no say in the actual legislative process, but through the wonders of social media they were able to directly assist in writing legislation in a way that only lobbyists could reasonably expect to. Even then they could only do so after shelling out legally grey incentives to those who reside in the DC swamp. There was no corruption in writing this amendment, just a representative asking for voluntary information and receiving it in spades.
The media, represented by the hit piece written by Wired, wants to demonize this interaction, and believes that by smearing it hard enough they can embarrass and force a kind of submission from those involved in this somewhat unique and miraculous occasion. But the users from the forum that helped to crowd source this amendment are not embarrassed at the fact that they had the opportunity to directly influence their government, and, if asked, would be more than happy to do so again. It's hoped that the congressman whose staffer reached out, and other Senators and Representatives, aren't frightened by the abusive and slanderous backlash by the leftist media from something they seemed to not have anticipated. The union of a representative democracy with the purest information sharing elements of the internet came together for the miracle of truly crowd sourced legislation that worked, and it is an idea worth repeating that possibly represents the next great step in the United States experiment in democracy.
Advertisements
For the past few months, the actions of Immokalee athlete J.C. Jackson have suggested his commitment to Florida is one that won't last.
He has taken four trips to Miami, scheduled an official visit to Florida State and been unwilling to discuss the status of his UF pledge at times.
However, one of his family members says he intends to sign with the Gators.
Jackson's uncle, Duke Rice, called The Sun this weekend to let it be known where his nephew stands with his recruitment.
“J.C. is ready to shut it down,” Rice said. “He's tired of the process and all these interviews. His mind is made up on Florida. He doesn't want to go to Miami or Florida State. He wants to go to Florida. He told me that.”
Since the decommitments of Dalvin Cook and Ermon Lane, Jackson has been expected to follow suit because of his previous comments that he would like to play with them in college.
But their decisions will not influence him, according to Rice.
“He called me the other day,” Rice said, “and told me, ‘I don't care what they do. That's them. I'm my own man.'
“So he's going to do what's best for him. I know that he's never been a follower his whole life.”
The Under Armour All-American still plans to visit to FSU this month with his uncle, but Rice insists the trip isn't an indication of Jackson wavering.
“He's a kid and just wants to enjoy himself,” Rice said. “It's a free visit to go have fun for a weekend. He also went (on official visits) to Miami and Minnesota, and he isn't going to those schools. He wants to go to Florida. That's where his heart is.”
One of the guiding ambitions of right-of-centre politics in Britain, America and most of the west during the 1970s and 1980s was to effect an end to the Soviet Union or, at least, to its imperialist domination of eastern Europe. This was bred most obviously of self-interest, given the threat this superpower was assumed to pose to the security of the west. Many on the right went further, harbouring an ideological desire to have communism removed from the map of Europe. Though far from unknown in Britain, this view was most common in America and attributable not just to the influence of hard-line Republican politicians – Barry Goldwater was there long before Ronald Reagan – but also to writers popular in American culture such as the Russian refugee Ayn Rand.
In common with fellow democrats on the centre and left, the right also sincerely deplored the lack of freedoms in the Soviet system and the violations of human rights caused by the repressiveness of the state. However some, following a tradition of isolationism that stretched back to the 1890s and the Marquess of Salisbury, embraced the doctrine that what happened domestically in those countries was no concern of Britain. Yet others, notably Margaret Thatcher and her adherents, regarded the suppression of individual liberty in the Soviet Union and the eastern bloc as morally unacceptable and a stain on any nation that condoned it; and in the case of countries in eastern Europe that had functioned as democracies before 1939, it represented a shocking reversal of progress compared with the period between the two wars.
Then, with the toppling of the Berlin Wall 25 years ago this weekend and the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Christmas Day 1991, both the end of the eastern bloc and the emasculation of its former masters came in quick and inevitable succession. One commentator, Francis Fukuyama, declared that history had ended. A bright and irresistible future beckoned for the west; Russia could join the family of free and progressive nations; swords could be turned into ploughshares; liberty and, in its wake, prosperity would sweep the old world once more. The right rejoiced at this near-bloodless toppling of an evil empire and celebrated the triumph of its ideals of liberty and capitalism. Mrs Thatcher, of course, fretted about the reunification of Germany, as did many of her generation who recalled the megalomaniacal wickedness of Hitler, his conquests and his genocide – but such reservations were not to be allowed to spoil the party.
A quarter of a century later it is apparent that things have not turned out so well as the right of 1989 had hoped. Russia, humiliated in a fashion similar to Kaiser Wilhelm's Germany after Versailles, its empire lost and its clout enfeebled, has sought to rebuild a place in the world by resorting to a means familiar from its history – auto­cracy and not necessarily a more enlightened and just one than was practised by the Romanov tsars. Eastern Europe is nothing like the mythologised fairy tale of the Austro-Hungarian empire or even the inter­war model of new, earnest statehood: the right especially is having to come to terms with parts of it being a breeding ground for organised crime (something that flourishes under capitalism), an entrepôt for the drugs trade, a back door into Europe for immigrants and a source of tension with Russia that, because of the enthusiasm with which Nato and the EU embraced the former Soviet bloc, has become our shared problem. The European Union has expanded to include many former client states of the Kremlin and has therefore supplied the influx of legal immigrants causing so much difficulty to the present Conservative Party and providing such an opportunity for Ukip.
If all of that weren't proof enough of the soundness of the adage “Be careful what you wish for”, the lifting of the Iron Curtain also led to strategic and foreign policy developments that most on the traditional right would never have chosen. The decision in Britain to wind down the country's defence capabilities, even before the cuts enforced by the present coalition, was informed by the notion that Russia was no longer a threat. After the events of the past 12 months in Ukraine and with mounting evidence of destabilisation in the former Baltic states because of the alleged mistreatment of ethnic Russians, that may no longer be the case. And the US, which since 1945 has increasingly seemed a country seeking an enemy in order to define itself, appeared temporarily destabilised after 1991, as if part of its raison d'être had been removed. After disastrous foreign wars it now seems reluctant to engage at all with Europe and came half-heartedly and late into the Ukraine imbroglio. The fall of the Wall began a long process of detachment by the US from Europe, helped on by other factors of its own making, leaving its former enthusiasts on the right without the paternal guidance so many of them had come to rely on.
None of this is to dispute the great benefits that came after the Wall and the Iron Curtain were taken down. The regime had liberalised since the murderous days of Stalin but life in the east in the 1980s, a time of expansion and rabid consumerism in the west, remained controlled, monochrome and underpinned by fear. The inhumanities went on almost to the end. The imposition of martial law in Poland by Wojciech Jaruzelski and the intense activity of the Stasi in East Germany right up to the fall of Erich Honecker were but two testimonies to that – and the rough justice meted out to the Ceausescus, executed by a firing squad on Christmas Day 1989, betrayed the effect on the people of living under totalitarianism.
Those trapped in eastern Europe before 1989 rarely desire to return there. The want of freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, freedom of movement and freedom to grow outside the Soviet model was truly repressive and is well rid of. The reunification of Germany was a magnificent achievement even if, after all this time, parts of the old east still show signs of relative poverty and deprivation. But what the west failed to handle properly – indeed, failed to handle at all – was the new Russia, with consequences that, many fears, have yet fully to play out.
Mikhail Gorbachev may eventually be seen as one of the greatest lost leaders of the 20th century, one who deserves comparisons with F W de Klerk for the enlightened way in which he resigned himself to the morally inevitable and enabled some measure of representative democracy to be brought to his country. But de Klerk was fortunate to be passing South Africa to a statesman of the calibre, integrity and vision of Nelson Mandela: Gorbachev had only the increasingly drunken, corrupt and venal Boris Yeltsin. Under Yeltsin the poor had their meagre savings devastated by his economic mismanagement, while the cunning became fabulously rich. A kleptocracy was formed. All that changed when Putin succeeded Yeltsin at the millennium was that the kleptocracy was taken over by the government itself and therefore became more systematic and better organised.
Given the nature of Yeltsin, the novelty of the conditions in which he was operating, the ease with which he was manipulated by others even less scrupulous than himself and the bruised condition of a Russia shorn of its empires in eastern Europe and in the former Soviet Union, it was never going to be easy for the west to influence him, let alone bring him onside. Once he left and an apparently more rational being succeeded him in the shape of Putin, hopes were high, until Putin showed himself to be uninterested in liberal ideals and very interested in sequestering as much power and money as possible for his own use.
Perhaps it was because the end of the Soviet system came so precipitately that the west had such unrealistic, or half-formed, expectations of what would follow. What the New Statesman, in its editorial last week, described as “the havoc being wrought by the forces of globalisation: the free flow of capital and people, open markets, the dominance of a deracinated plutocracy” are as much a consequence of the end of the cold war as of anything else. The right, which advocated globalisation as part of the inevitable march of capitalism, has shown itself incapable of dealing with its realities.
The EU is one obvious example. In the early years of the century prominent Conservatives, then impotent in opposition, were among those leading the cry for the expansion of the club to include those countries that had for decades been impoverished by Soviet control. Their eventual admission was represented almost as a reward or a compensation for what they had endured between 1945 and 1990. However, in moments of honesty those same Tories who wanted eastern Europe brought into the EU expressed the hope that the numbers would become so unwieldy that there would have to be extreme subsidiarity if the club were to continue to function: which meant a return of sovereignty to nation states, while only those matters essential for the maintenance of a single market remained in Brussels.
In did not turn out like that. The European Commission wields as much power with 28 members as it ever did with six, nine or 15. The EU may be over-bureaucratic, deficient in democracy and even in some senses corrupt but it still functions and it still restricts the sovereignty of its members. What the right certainly did not envisage was that the liberation of eastern Europe from the Soviet empire would lead to a mass migration of its former citizens, or their children, to Britain. The idea that eastern Europe post-liberation would revert to a kind of Slavonic Hollywood musical, with happy, smiling locals industriously and cheerfully confining themselves to the development of their own nations, was always going to be nonsense. One of the principles of a free market – which Europe notionally is – is that it entails mobility of labour, even if that means workers going from Bratislava to Bradford or Tallinn to Torquay. The EU, with the earlier complicity of the right, has become a structure that is the inevitable consequence of the end of the Soviet system (and indeed in some structural ways replicates it), just as the Soviet bloc was the inevitable consequence of Stalin's part in the defeat of Nazism.
The other main consequences of 1989 have been equally unwelcome to the right. Even before the attacks of 11 September 2001 the US was scaling down its presence in Europe, its need to engage with the continent diminished since the cold war. This was of sufficient concern to the then prime minister, Tony Blair, that when asked to endorse George W Bush's foreign policy in the aftermath of those attacks he did so rather too wholeheartedly, not least, as was widely perceived at the time, to renew US engagement with Europe. Blair, absurdly, saw himself as the “bridge” between the two continents. And, for a time, the US not only tried to stay friends with Europe but it also sought, through the G8 and bilateral relations, to make a liberal westerner of Vladimir Putin. It failed in that, too.
America's first reaction to those failures was to withdraw wherever possible, Barack Obama realising, when he succeeded Bush, that his country was not wildly popular in the world. Obama did, belatedly, engage with Europe over Ukraine, resuming a role familiar to presidents from Truman to Reagan in warning Russia not to overstep the mark or it would be punished. Russia has been punished with sanctions but remains in Ukraine, suggesting it lacks the respect for Obama's America that Khrushchev reluctantly had to show to Kennedy's during the Cuban missile crisis. Obama must wish he had stuck to the state department's original message, which was to tell those who asked that Russia was primarily Europe's problem and Europe should solve it. In reality, Ukraine has proved the absurdity of the EU's claim to have a security function in keeping the peace in Europe: the EU simply abandoned Ukraine to its fate after years of increasing its vulnerability by attempting to seduce it and Russia has revealed itself as being as ruthless as it ever was in the days of the Soviet Union, if not more so.
But there are two harder consequences to swallow still. Germany may not have fulfilled Thatcher's fear that it would start a third world war and most would think it highly unlikely that it would ever do so. However, it has established an economic hegemony over Europe that may yet destroy the euro and, with it, much of the European project. Far from unifying the continent through the institution of the EU, Germany has divided it. The French rail against its economic policies; the Greeks brandish swastikas when Angela Merkel pays them a visit; the Hungarians have an unpleasant, anti-Semitic government whose brand of politics, mixing kleptocracy with totalitarianism, bears an alarming resemblance to that of Vladimir Putin; across the Mediterranean from Spain to Greece the German-led policy of austerity has led to youth unemployment rates of up to 60 per cent.
In the wake of the liberation of eastern Europe, many of the liberated countries have been condemned to follow German-backed economic policies and have started to feel not so liberated after all. Because of the German memory of the hyperinflation of the Weimar Republic, the rest of the eurozone must suffer: so much for the rampant prosperity that was advertised as being the result of a wider, freer Europe.
Russia is now going out of its way to make friends with China, a move calculated to ensure Putin gets the last laugh over his detractors in the west and which could yet be the furthest-reaching consequence of the end of the Soviet system. America is in its fortress, isolated and disappointed. Europe is impoverished, financially if not morally. Bloody old Britain, home to so many who longed for the end of communism, ought to be bemused. That the repression ended was wonderful. But is the world really safer now than it was in 1989 and is it inevitably happier? Or will those who write the history of this period in 200 or 300 years' time conclude that the world had a once-in-a-century chance to start again in 1989 and that through insufficient support to Russia, overambition in Europe and some wild misjudgments in the US, it blew it?
Simon Heffer is an author and columnist for the Daily Mail
NOT that long ago, the world wondered whether clean energy could survive without lavish government support. Now the question is how far it can spread. The number of electric vehicles, which breached 1m in 2015, last year reached 2m; countries like France and firms like Volvo are looking ahead to the demise of the internal combustion engine. In electricity generation, too, momentum is with the greens. In June the Chinese province of Qinghai ran for seven consecutive days on renewable energy alone; in the first half of this year wind, solar and hydro generated a record 35% of Germany's power.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Greater success is breeding greater ambition. California is proposing to reach 60% renewable energy by 2030; 176 countries have clean-energy goals. Hawaii, America's most oil-dependent state, has pledged to be 100% renewable by the middle of the century. So have 48 poor countries vulnerable to climate change. This week the number of multinationals making a commitment to running their operations on 100% renewable energy rose to 100.
Even if such targets are never met, they galvanise effort. They also provide reassurance about long-term climate policy, despite reversals such as America's withdrawal from the Paris agreement. The resulting economies of scale help bring down the costs of wind and solar projects.
But not every target is helpful. To see why, consider that goal of 100% renewable energy. It makes solving climate change seem deceptively easy. In fact, though wind and solar can generate all a country's electricity on some days, renewables still account for less than 8% of the world's total power output. Moreover, cleaning up electricity is only part of the battle. Even though gas-fired heating and cooking can be at least as big a source of greenhouse-gas emissions, renewable heating gets minuscule attention. Transport policy is erratic, too. Carmakers may hit their goal of annual sales of 10m electric vehicles in a decade, but battery-powered road haulage, shipping and aviation are dreams. A much-quoted claim that America could rely on wind, solar and hydro alone for its electricity has recently been witheringly criticised by a group of respected academics (see article).
Most important, a 100% renewables target confuses means with ends. The priority for the planet is to stop net emissions of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide. Putting too much emphasis on wind, solar and other renewables may block off better carbon-reduction paths. After decades of investment, it is wrong to leave nuclear power off the table. Carbon emissions in Germany actually rose because it chose to phase out nuclear power and so burned more coal. New technologies, such as “direct air capture” systems designed to separate carbon dioxide from the air, may in time prove vital.
Likewise, greater energy efficiency could reduce emissions by even more than deploying renewables would. Indians last year consumed twice as much energy from newly installed air conditioners as they produced from new solar farms. More accurate metering of energy consumption could encourage companies and households to rein in power demand.
Putting the wind up
It would be better, as the Paris agreement urges, for countries to focus on reductions in emissions rather than to set goals for renewable energy. Global emissions have stabilised in the past three years, which is encouraging. But to stand a chance of mitigating global warming, they must start falling sharply and keep doing so for decades. The world will move in that direction with the help of wind and solar. It will not get there without big advances on every other front as well.
In a bit of good news for Chicago taxpayers, a new cash investment strategy by City Treasurer Kurt Summers appears to have paid off, with the city earning $45 million-plus more than it did last year.
In a statement and an interview, Summers, who took over in October 2014, said investing idle cash earned $15.5 million in 2014 for the city's operating or general fund. But shifting from low-paying 6- to 12-month securities to one- to two-year paper has almost quadrupled the yield, from 65 basis points to 2.25 percent.
As a result, the city already has booked $42 million for the general fund at midyear and should hit $68 million by the end of the year, counting only interest and not any trading profits, Summers said.
Adding in growth in other funds, total earnings should grow to at least $102 million by Dec. 31, up from $57.9 million in 2015 and $49.7 million in 2014.
Summers—whom City Hall insiders consider highly likely to run for mayor in 2019 if incumbent Rahm Emanuel does not—said taxpayers deserve to know about the small windfall as the City Council decides whether to approve property tax rebates for some homeowners and, if so, how much.
"We knew there was an opportunity, and we knew it was large," said Summers. But the new strategy has worked out better than he expected, he said.
Overall, the city has about $6 billion in cash reserves at any one time. Much of it is in the form of required debt-retirement reserves, some from semiannual property taxes and other receipts that have been received but not yet spent.
Update — Summers' windfall has caught the eye of Ald. Carlos Ramirez-Rosa, 35th, who is quite interested in using the proceeds to expand Emanuel's proposed property-tax rebate to cover renters.
"I'd still like to go over the figures with Summers," Rosa said. "If it is a reliable source of money, absolutely, let's expand it to renters."
Emanuel's plan may come up for a committee vote later today. I'll keep you posted.
Posted by: Rob and Laura Pilewski
New Snow: 25 inches
New Water: 3.1 inches
Settled Snow Depth: 30 inches
High Temperature: 45 degrees F
Low Temperature: -12 degrees F Ski Conditions and Weather The recent storm dropped an abundance of snow above 8000 feet elevation in the Tuolumne Meadows area. Tioga Pass recorded 32 inches of new snow. Snow coverage is excellent and ski conditions are good. Please refer to the
The Tuolumne Ski Hut is open.
A full report will be posted on Wednesday, December 21, 2016.
Rob and Laura Pilewski - Tuolumne Winter Rangers
25 inches3.1 inches30 inches45 degrees F-12 degrees FThe recent storm dropped an abundance of snow above 8000 feet elevation in the Tuolumne Meadows area. Tioga Pass recorded 32 inches of new snow. Snow coverage is excellent and ski conditions are good. Please refer to the Eastern Sierra Avalanche Center for the avalanche advisory for this part of the Sierra Nevada.The Tuolumne Ski Hut is open.Rob and Laura Pilewski - Tuolumne Winter Rangers
German Chancellor Angela Merkel attends a meeting of the Christian Democratic Seniors Union in Magdeburg, Germany, October 7, 2016. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
BERLIN (Reuters) - Angela Merkel wants to get other European Union member countries to agree to step up sanctions against Russia because of its role in the war in Syria, a German newspaper cited sources close to the German chancellor as saying.
The issue of sanctions is due to be discussed at an EU summit on Thursday and Friday. Both the EU and the United States have already imposed economic and other sanctions on Russia for its seizure of the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in 2014, and for its support for pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung cited the sources as saying it was proving hard to get the agreement of the Social Democrats - the junior partner to Merkel's conservatives in Germany's ruling coalition - and other EU countries on tougher measures, but that “resentment towards the Russians has increased”.
The attack on a U.N. and Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Syria last month and Russia's actions in Aleppo have contributed to that, the newspaper cited the sources as saying.
Western powers have accused Russia and Syria of committing atrocities by bombing hospitals, killing civilians and preventing medical evacuations, accusations that they reject. The United States has said two Russian warplanes bombed the aid convoy, but Moscow denies this.
U.S. President Barack Obama told Merkel by telephone that he would support “a tough response” if European countries could agree on that, F.A.S. cited sources as saying.
It cited the sources as saying further sanctions were being considered against the aviation industry or in sectors that affected the Russian Defence Ministry.
A German government spokesperson could not immediately comment on the report.
On Oct. 7, Merkel urged Russia to use its influence with the Syrian government to end the bombardment of Aleppo. She did not address sanctions directly, but said the international community must do all it could to bring about a halt in the fighting and get supplies to civilians.
Perhaps Canada AM's Consumer Alert department needs more meta-awareness, as Canada AM yesterday featured Toronto homeopath Bryce Wylde promoting a “natural first aid kit” for the summer as a “special submission”. The video can be seen here.
For those who aren't familiar, Canada AM is a morning infotainment program. Though they are associated with CTV News, the programming generally reflects lighter, more morning-friendly topics than you might see on the evening news. They have a whole dedicated contributor for gardening, for example. So I have pretty modest expectations when I tune in.
That being said, Canada AM should provide information in a responsible manner no matter how lighthearted the topic. If they aren't practicing due diligence, why provide the information at all? Incorrect or incomplete information isn't news, nor is it of any value to Canadian consumers. So it is disappointing that they would consult a homeopath for health information when there are science-based health professionals capable of making recommendations derived from the best available evidence.
Background
For those who have not heard much on the topic, homeopathy (practiced by homeopaths) is based on the concept that “like cures like” and that medicinal potency is increased by significantly and sequentially diluting a substance in water. “Like cures like” is problematic because there are no clear objective criteria for sameness, leading to very questionable justifications for treatments. Most importantly, there is no anatomical or physiological basis for “like cures like” to work and there is no evidence from any scientific field supporting the homeopathic belief that water has memory.
Though an explanation of mechanism is not necessary for homeopathy to work, so far there is no solid evidence of efficacy of homeopathic treatments outside unverifiable testimonials and poorly-designed scientific studies. The evidence is so bad that health agencies in the United Kingdom (UK), for example, have gone on record to say that homeopathy's effects are no more than placebo effects. These reviews have led to efforts to stop the funding of homeopathy entirely. From the UK Parliament's Health and Science Committee review of homeopathy:
s.54 We conclude that the principle of like-cures-like is theoretically weak. It fails to provide a credible physiological mode of action for homeopathic products. We note that this is the settled view of medical science. s.70 In our view, the systematic reviews and meta-analyses conclusively demonstrate that homeopathic products perform no better than placebos. s.82 We do not doubt that homeopathy makes some patients feel better. However, patient satisfaction can occur through a placebo effect alone and therefore does not prove the efficacy of homeopathic interventions.
In short, homeopathy may have “worked” for your aunt, but it doesn't work for 200 people or so in a well-designed clinical trial. When it comes to first aid, there's very little to separate what “worked” via the treatment and what healed via the body's normal healing process, therefore there is no medical justification to purchase homeopathic products for first aid uses.
There is no compelling evidence that the products Wylde promotes are effective for the applications he describes. So it's baffling that a news organization would ask a homeopath for health advice over a health professional. Canada AM's segment effectively became a description of unproven nostrums, free of any evidence-based content or critical analysis.
The Interview
In the video linked above, the Canada AM host begins by introducing Wylde and the topic: natural remedies for cuts, scrapes, bug bites, and burns. The over-voice states “for most of us, band-aids are the solution”, but Wylde prefers to provide “healing options”. It seems there's a value judgement there, but why not use a band-aid and let a cut heal? What benefit do homeopathic creams provide and why should I buy them over a science-based remedy?
The answer is hard to parse from his advice and explanations. There's a lot of careful language in this interview. For example, why do we hear things like “expediting the anti-inflammatory properties of the body” associated with natural products instead of things like “it's an anti-inflammatory”? Because Health Canada allows vague, nondescript statements such as the former to confuse consumers into purchasing questionable homeopathic and naturopathic products, but it does not allow the latter. Consumers must ask themselves what phrases like “expedite”, “work better”, and “heal faster” mean. But those terms are difficult to evaluate here, as Wylde provides no objective endpoints — how many days quicker does a bruise etc heal with a “natural remedy” vs. on its own (assuming the cream works)? Is that a valuable gain?
The Advice
Wylde says he “can't live without” Arnica because it's “getting the body to work better on its own” for you to heal faster. He's right to say the body works to heal itself on its own. The body can heal minor bruises, cuts, and scrapes in a matter of days with no intervention (though a band-aid can help keep a wound sanitary by providing a barrier against dirt and germs). But there's no evidence that Arnica gel isn't just expensive moisturizer with scant traces of plant molecules in it.
Wylde also spoke about Calendula for reducing scarring on minor cuts and post-surgery incisions, claiming that it shouldn't be used on deep cuts because it could cause an abscess or cyst under the site, “that's how well it works”. Wait, what? There is no established efficacy for this cream, let alone evidence of excessive healing leading to secondary symptoms, so this claim is apparently an exaggeration.
Finally, he recommended diluted honey bee venom for bug bites and adding various ingredients (lemon, honey, etc) to water to prevent dehydration, arguing that regular water doesn't replace the electrolytes lost in sweat. Apparently his advice is for people who don't also eat on hot days while they drink their water. As for honey bee venom, there is no good evidence that this works and there is no convincing reason to use it over other science-based remedies (if intervention is required at all). But, he says, we should be careful of products like AfterBite because there isn't due diligence in providing evidence of efficacy for the chemicals used therein.
In the written accompaniment to the video story, Wylde extends his thoughts on the various products he mentioned in his interview, providing details such as indications, counter-indications, where the product comes from, etc. The final result? A detailed advertisement for homeopathic and naturopathic products, courtesy of CTV.
A critical appraisal – because Canada AM didn't provide one
I want to talk more about Wylde's AfterBite statement, but first I want to point out when he said: “[Calendula has] been used for hundreds of years; it has lots of empirical–”. That's it. He didn't finish the sentence, he just went on to explain what it does. And we'll never know what he was going to say because the Canada AM host was uncritically eating up Wylde's every word (providing this testimonial about Arnica: “I use this a lot and it works”) and asked no follow-up about evidence. Super.
For him to indicate his distaste for products like AfterBite, claiming a lack of evidence, is rather galling given that he is in the midst of discussing products that have no documented mechanism of action, no credible scientific support, and no solid evidence of efficacy. While it's perfectly fine to question any product's supporting evidence, one wonders why he's apparently incapable of doing the very same thing for the products he's promoting.
It's a health professional's responsibility to recommend only what's appropriate, based on evidence. Wylde's weasel words and questionable explanations failed to make a compelling case for why consumers should spend money on these products and he provided no evidence to support the efficacy of any of the creams he mentioned, relying on personal anecdote to make his case. How can we tell the difference between normal healing and the supposed accelerated healing from a cream? Outside of a clinical trial, quite frankly, we can't. That's why scientific evidence is used to sort out what works from what's doesn't.
One of the frequent claims about science-based health professionals is that they're beholden to Big Pharma and the products they sell. This video illustrates that the same claims can be made about alternative health providers. Why use unproven and unnecessary products for minor ailments like bruises and scrapes? For self-limiting conditions such as these, there is little justification for the use of products that lack evidence of any meaningful benefits. Save your money – keep your wounds clean and dry, put on a band-aid, and get on with your day.
Conclusion
The most sincere recommendations based on a desire to promote health aren't helpful if they're not based on accurate scientific evidence. Promoting dependence on unnecessary, unproven health products is no way to support smart decision-making among Canadians.
To provide feedback to Canada AM on this topic, contact them here.
*Kim's opinions do not necessarily represent the values/opinions of affiliated associations, societies, or employers.
The watch itself is surprisingly fun and, for an LCD game, it controls pretty well. There are four levels of difficulty as you fly through Corneria. The objective is to shoot enemies for points (max score is 1999) while dodging falling towers and replenishing resources on your way to the Attack Carrier.
Below are a few pictures from the back of the smaller sized Corn Flakes boxes which didn't have the watch offer.
As of 2019, these watches are now 26 years old, and a quarter century of plastic degradation is huge. The bodies seem OK, but the bands are getting sticky as they leach out their plasticizer. This is a common problem with many old toys.
Regarding battery replacement, the store-bought watches are the easiest to replace batteries in because of their convenient compartment. You only need to remove one screw, and the battery is a commonly available LR44 type.
The cereal promotion watch is much thinner, and requires a correspondingly thinner 389 type battery. Additionally, you will need to remove 5 screws. 4 of these will be for the watch back cover itself, and one more on the battery clasp.
Photo illustration by Lisa Larson-Walker
Justice for Kerri and Brian Kaley, the Supreme Court held Tuesday, is of the Alice in Wonderland variety: First comes the punishment—the seizure of all their assets—then the trial, and the crime last of all.* “But suppose they never committed the crime?” Alice asks. “It doesn't matter,” comes the court's answer, “because a grand jury said so.”
Writing for a six-justice majority in Kaley v. United States, thus concluded Justice Elena Kagan that a criminal defendant indicted by a grand jury has essentially no right to challenge the forfeiture of her assets, even if the defendant needs those very assets to pay lawyers to defend her at trial. In an odd ideological lineup, the dissenters were Chief Justice John Roberts and the more liberal Justices Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor.
The Kaleys' saga began more than nine years ago when Kerri, a medical device salesperson, learned that she was under investigation by federal authorities for stealing devices from hospitals. Kerri admits she took some devices and later sold them with Brian's help, but she says the devices she took were unwanted, outdated models that the hospitals were glad to be rid of—in effect, that she couldn't steal something that was given to her. (It's not a crazy argument. In fact, it worked for a co-defendant, who was quickly acquitted by a jury after the government failed to find even a single hospital that claimed ownership of the allegedly stolen goods.)
With charges looming, the Kaleys sought an estimate from their lawyers of how much mounting a defense would cost. The answer: $500,000. (That figure may seem high, but sadly the government agreed it was reasonable.) The Kaleys took out a home equity loan and used the $500,000 to purchase a certificate of deposit, which they planned to spend on lawyers.
Then came the grand jury indictment and with it a nasty surprise: an order freezing essentially all their assets, including the CD that was meant to pay their legal bills. The only assets exempt from the order—Kerri's retirement account and their children's college funds—weren't enough to cover the $500,000 estimate. And if the Kaleys liquidated those funds, they'd have owed $183,500 in tax penalties. The bottom line: They could no longer pay for their lawyer of choice even though, as the government agreed, that's what the Sixth Amendment right to counsel protects.
The reason the Kaleys are in this mess has its origins in the 1970s, when Congress started passing a series of forfeiture laws as part of the war on drugs. The logic is simple: Crime should not pay. If you made money stealing or embezzling or dealing drugs, you shouldn't get to keep your yacht or your house. But as Sarah Stillman's heartbreaking story in The New Yorker showed last year, the trend in these laws is to make asset forfeiture easier for the government. The civil forfeiture statutes that Stillman wrote about don't even require a conviction for any crime. Neither does the provision of the criminal forfeiture law used in the Kaleys' case, and they have yet to be tried, let alone convicted.
The Kaleys have tried only to keep the assets they want to use to pay for a lawyer, based on the Sixth Amendment. They initially had some success. A judge questioned why the government sought to freeze the entire CD when only $140,000 could be linked to the proceeds of the Kaleys' allegedly criminal enterprise. The government's response came just a few days later in the form of a new grand jury indictment adding a charge of conspiracy to commit money laundering. That allowed the government to say the entire $500,000 should be frozen because the funds were “involved in” the underlying theft. The lower courts went along.
As the case came to the Supreme Court, the role of the grand jury was front and center. Before the assets they wanted to use for defense counsel could be seized, the Kaleys argued that a judge should review the grand jury's decision to indict them. Such hearings, where the judge hears evidence from both sides, have been conducted for more than 20 years in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit (the one that oversees New York, Vermont, and Connecticut). The couple argued the hearings would ensure their funds weren't seized on the basis of a flimsy case against them. The government, on the other hand, said the grand jury should always have the last word. The government won—and that was the wrong call.
To be sure, grand juries have a proud history dating back to the founding era. In order to charge someone with a crime, prosecutors had to convince a grand jury, made up of local citizens, that they had a good reason to do so. As such, grand juries served as an important check against unjust prosecutions. In 1734, for example, two separate grand juries in New York refused to indict newspaper publisher John Peter Zenger on charges of seditious libel after he printed articles critical of the British governor. After the revolution, the requirement that serious crimes be prosecuted by grand jury unsurprisingly made it into the Fifth Amendment.
More recently, however, the grand jury has turned into a prosecutorial tool. Writing in 1973, one eminent judge noted that “the grand jury is the total captive of the prosecutor who, if he is candid, will concede that he can indict anybody, at any time, for almost anything.” Another judge, as famously memorialized by Tom Wolfe, gave us the memorable line that a grand jury “would indict a ham sandwich.” By design, grand juries remain entirely one-sided affairs, guided by the prosecutor, who has no obligation to offer the defendant's side of the story. The United States stands alone among common-law nations in still using them.
Reading Tuesday's opinion, however, one would think the justices in the majority were living in the 18th century. In her 21-page paean to the grand jury, Kagan invoked the “fundamental and historic commitment of … grand juries,” the “inviolable grand jury finding,” and “the grand jury's singular role.” There's not a word about all the modern-day reasons to doubt its independence. In sharp contrast, Chief Justice Roberts, in dissent, called for a dose of pragmatism. “Common sense,” he wrote, “tells us that secret decisions based on only one side of the story will prove inaccurate more often than those made after hearing from both sides.”
Of course, federal grand juries are going nowhere anytime soon. But I would have hoped the court would have seen fit to limit the damage they can do by giving criminal defendants, who are up against the awesome power of the state, a fair hearing before stripping them of their primary means of defending themselves. The Constitution should demand no less.
*Correction, Feb. 27, 2014: This article originally misidentified Kerri Kaley as Kelli Kaley. (Return.)
(Washington, DC) – Far too many US laws violate basic principles of justice by requiring disproportionately severe punishment, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. Expand Inmates at Chino State Prison sit inside a metal cage in the hallway on December 10, 2010, in Chino, California. © 2010 Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
The 36-page report, “Nation Behind Bars: A Human Rights Solution,” notes that laws requiring penalties that are far longer than necessary to meet the purposes of punishment have given the United States the world's highest reported rate of incarceration. These laws have spawned widespread and well-founded public doubts about the fairness of the US criminal justice system.
“The ‘land of the free' has become a country of prisons,” said Jamie Fellner, co-author of the report and senior advisor to the US Program at Human Rights Watch. “Too many men and women are serving harsh prison sentences for nonviolent and often minor crimes. How can a country committed to liberty send minor dealers to die in prison for selling small amounts of illegal drugs to adults?”
Momentum to reduce mass incarceration is growing. Human Rights Watch is seeking to build on this momentum and offer a way forward. Federal and state legislators should ground their moves for reform in core principles of human rights, including prudent use of criminal sanctions, fair punishment, and equal protection of the laws.
To put those principles into practice, Human Rights Watch urges legislators at the very least to:
Ensure that the severity of the punishment does not exceed the gravity of the crime;
Reform or eliminate mandatory minimum sentencing laws that prevent judges from being able to tailor sentences to the individual crime and the particular defendant;
Ensure that adolescents and children are treated in a manner appropriate to their age and capacity for change, and that they are not subjected to all the same criminal procedures and sanctions as adults;
Reduce or eliminate criminal sanctions for immigration offenders, especially those who have done nothing more than enter the country illegally;
End criminal sanctions for possession of illegal drugs for personal use; and
Ensure that criminal law is not by its terms or enforcement biased against any racial, ethnic, or religious group, as for example, in the disproportionate enforcement of drug laws against black people in the US.
For at least three decades, punitive criminal justice policies have been the preferred fix to a range of social problems. These include drug trafficking, perceived increases in illegal immigration and youth crime, growing economic inequality, and a frayed safety net.
As a result of this punitive approach:
Between 1979 and 2009, the number of prisoners in state and federal facilities increased almost 430 percent; and over half – 53.4 percent – of prisoners in state prisons with a sentence of a year or longer are serving time for a nonviolent offense, such as low-level drug dealing;
Youth are often tried and punished as if they were adults. Human Rights Watch estimates based on Bureau of Justice Statistics data that in 2011, more than 95,000 youth under 18 were in adult prisons and jails across the United States; and
With regard to race, for every 100,000 white males in the American population, 478 are in state or federal prison; for every 100,000 black males in the population, 3,023 are in prison.
The United States has also increasingly resorted to overly punitive approaches to immigration law enforcement. Over 40 percent of all federal criminal prosecutions and almost 30 percent of new admissions to the federal prison system are for “illegal entry and re-entry” crimes, criminal prosecutions of border crossers. Imprisoning migrants with minor or no criminal records before deporting them often affects people seeking to reunite with their families in the US or fleeing persecution.
The high economic and human costs of harsh policies are forcing their reconsideration across the country. The US Congress, for example, is considering legislative reform that will increase judicial discretion for drug offenses and reduce certain mandatory drug sentences. The Obama administration supports these legislative reforms, has urged prosecutors to avoid bringing charges that carry steep mandatory minimum sentences against low-level drug offenders, and has instituted a new clemency initiative to help some federal prisoners serving unjust sentences to secure release.
These are steps in the right direction, but more needs to be done, both at the federal and state levels.
“Fair and prudent punishment is not only a core human rights principle, but a core principle of American justice that has been neglected for far too long,” Fellner said. “There is growing national recognition that disproportionately harsh laws are not needed to protect public safety and to hold offenders accountable for their crimes. To the contrary, community well-being is best served by fair laws and just sentences.”
ap SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Louis Vuitton is courting China's wealthy with one-of-a-kind shoes and bags it is branding as unique works of art to reclaim its exclusive cachet in the luxury market.
The French luxury brand, a unit of LVMH, is set to open its largest China store in Shanghai on Saturday, complete with a gilded spiral staircase and an invitation-only private floor where big spenders can get their hair done while dreaming up designs for custom bags.
"The made-to-order concept is the ultimate luxury," Louis Vuitton Chief Executive Yves Carcelle told Reuters during a tour of the store, which the company calls a "maison".
"It's the same with art. If you are interested in art, the ultimate is to commission an artist rather than buy a piece that is already done," Carcelle said.
Louis Vuitton routinely ranks among the most admired brands in surveys of Chinese consumers. But ultra-luxury names such as Hermes are making inroads, and some top-tier consumers now look down on Louis Vuitton as too common.
The company hopes to cement its exclusive luxury status with the new Shanghai store, which boasts steel sculptures and carries a wide array of goods ranging from chic coats and hats to brightly colored bags made from python or alligator skin.
It also sells carrying cases for tiles used to play the Chinese game mahjong and made-to-order trunks for tea sets.
China is the world's third biggest market for personal luxury goods, worth at least 160 billion yuan ($25 billion). In the next three years, it is expected to leapfrog over Japan and the United States to take the top spot, with the luxury segment expanding to 180 billion yuan ($28 billion).
BAD TIMING?
The Louis Vuitton maison, one of 16 similar boutiques in the world, is located in Shanghai's address for luxury goods: the swanky Plaza 66 mall, where rival brands such as Chanel and Prada also have stores.
Spanning four levels and with more than 100 staff, the store is currently the only one in China that offers custom bags and shoes. The company declined to say how much it spent on the boutique.
"Being in this made-to-order market needs sophisticated customers who know what they are talking about and own several bags, if not dozens of bags," Carcelle said.
"That's why the haute maroquinerie and made-to-order-shoes... are important to demonstrate in China," he said, using the French word for luxury leather crafts.
"As long as we didn't have this space to show them to our clients, in a world that is changing fast, we were missing our weapons," he said.
Louis Vuitton's timing, however, may be less than ideal.
Luxury spending is softening in China as the economy weakens. Economic growth slowed to its lowest level in three years last quarter. Britain's Burberry said last week its sales had been hit by the slowdown in China.
Carcelle declined to comment on the state of the Chinese economy or its impact on luxury spending, but said he sees more "maisons" opening up in the capital Beijing and Hangzhou, a thriving trade hub in eastern China.
He said Chinese consumers had rapidly matured into luxury connoisseurs, and the company needed to cater to both first-time buyers and sophisticated shoppers.
"Maybe in the West, this trend took 20 years but here it takes 5 years from the first purchase to the willingness to have more sophisticated products and services," Carcelle said.
($1 = 6.3729 Chinese yuan)
(Editing by Emily Kaiser and Miral Fahmy)
AUSTIN – The Dallas Zoo can continue to ban guns at its 106-acre campus in Oak Cliff after Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton this week rejected a citizen complaint that the zoo's firearms policy violated state law Paxton's office said in a letter dated Wednesday that the zoo qualifies as an amusement park. That's an area where state law says the licensed carrying of handguns can be prohibited, so long as the proper notice is given.So the privately-run zoo can keep up the signs prohibiting both concealed carry and open carry that it has posted at its entrance.“We're heartened that the Attorney General realizes that our zoo … isn't the place for weapons,” Gregg Hudson, the zoo's president said in a news release. “The vast majority of our guests are families with children, and they have strongly supported us on this issue.”Edwin Walker, a Houston attorney, had challenged the zoo under a new state law that allows Texans to formally complain about some local “no guns” policies . His complaint was one of about 50 that have been filed in Texas since September.He said on Friday that he disagreed with the ruling – arguing that the zoo shouldn't be able to ban guns since it is owned by the city of Dallas. He predicted that the Legislature, run by gun-friendly Republicans, would take up the issue next year.“I certainly don't think that the Legislature envisioned, whenever they created the exception for amusement parks … that a piece of government property would be viewed as an amusement park,” Walker said.The zoo has been at the forefront of the debate over the new gun law, authored by Sen. Donna Campbell, R-New Braunfels. The measure toughened a 2003 law that said gun license holders can carry at most property “owned or leased by a governmental entity.”Exceptions to that rule can include schools, courthouses and notably, in this case, amusement parks.The new law charged the attorney general with investigating complaints and deciding whether to pursue legal action. But Paxton, a Republican, had not moved on any complaints made in the law's first six months, drawing the ire of some gun rights activists The status of all those complaints – filed against other zoos, courthouses and government centers – is unclear. The attorney general's office didn't respond to a request for comment late Friday.In mid-March, the office said that all complaints remained “pending” – including those where the “no guns” signs in question had already come down. And Walker, the Houston attorney, said he is not heard of resolution on another such complaint he had made.Given the unique factors at play, the Dallas Zoo's case won't likely be a good predictor of how Paxton's office will handle other challenges.The zoo offered a multi-pronged argument for why it could ban firearms, including that it should count as an educational institution. But the attorney general's office ignored those other claims and focused only on the Dallas Zoo's amusement park exemption.The carve-out dates back to 1995 and the legislation that created concealed carry in Texas. Then-Rep. Kim Brimer, R-Fort Worth, amended the bill create an exemption aimed at the state's major theme parks, such as Arlington's Six Flags Over Texas.“The nature of the rides and the activities at these theme parks are such that they could create a hazard,” he said during the House debate on the bill.Today, privately owned theme parks like Six Flags don't need that specific exemption to ban guns. That's because the state's gun laws were tweaked in 1997 to create a process for all private property owners to be able to prohibit guns if they so choose.The eight-point definition for an amusement park exemption, however, remains part of the gun statutes. And the Dallas Zoo – which, for instance, has security guards on its premises at all times – meets all of those listed standards.But other zoos, like the one in Houston, don't meet the amusement park exemption. They've focused on exceptions like the one for educational institutions, which still remains untested. And so Paxton's next moves will be closely watched.“The whole question over the educational institution is actually more important,” said Walker, the Houston attorney. “Because there are very, very few places in Texas that can claim to be an amusement park.”
Obamacare killed 80,000 people in 2015
Guy Benson at Townhall puts the lie to Democrat accusations that the GOP "repeal and replace" bill will kill Americans. It seems that Obamacare has already done that. Quoting Oren Cass over at National Review, it turns out that fewer people – not more people – had health insurance after Obamacare. The only increase in "coverage" was Medicaid, but, sadly, it turns out that Medicaid kills people. It's better to have no medical insurance at all.
This public-versus-private distinction is crucial, because studies of Medicaid do not find the same positive effects on mortality sometimes seen in studies of private insurance. Researchers have found that Medicaid patients with a variety of conditions and medical needs experience worse outcomes than similar uninsured patients. ... Public-health data from the Centers for Disease Control confirm... [that h]ad mortality continued to decline during ACA implementation in 2014 and 2015 at the same rate as during the 2000-13 period, 80,000 fewer Americans would have died in 2015 alone. Cass and Benson are both honest enough to point out that correlation does not prove causation. Obesity and drug abuse also correlate with the rising death rate. What can be said factually is that "[t]he best statistical estimate of the number of lives saved each year by the ACA is zero." Fearmongering for political gain is a typical Progressive tactic. Democrats are hurting real people with their scary shrieking about death by Republican. The grandstanding by GOP senators unwilling to repeal a single federal gimme from Obamacare is more of the same self-serving nonsense. Continuing Obamacare's messed up system is not good for the healthy or the sick. Eighty thousand people "helped" by Obamacare are no longer here to agree with Ronald Reagan's famous quote: "The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help."
(Win McNamee/Getty)
In our time, sexism and racism have become the province of the rich.
Discrimination by sex and by race are ancient innate pathologies and transcend particular cultures. But the American idea of sexism and racism in the 21st century — unfailing, endemic, and institutional discrimination by a majority-white-male-privileged culture against both women and so-called non-white minorities — has largely become a leftist construct.
Advertisement
Advertisement
We can see how these two relativist -isms work in a variety of ways.
One, the frequent charge of racism and sexism is predicated not so much on one's gender and race as on one's gender, race, and politics. Certainly, few on the left worried much about the slurs against Sarah Palin during and after her vice-presidential run. America's overclass in the media and leftist politics constructed a sexist portrait of a clueless white-trash mom in Wasilla, Alaska, mindlessly having lots of kids after barely graduating from the University of Idaho. Even Bill Maher's and David Letterman's liberal armor would not have withstood leftist thrusts had, mutatis mutandis, the former called Hillary Clinton a c–t or the latter disparaged Ms. Clinton as “slutty flight attendant” and joked that, when a teen, Chelsea Clinton had had sexual relations with a Yankee baseball player in the dugout. Ironically it was the by-her-own-bootstraps lower-middle-class Palin who braved the frontier, no-prisoners, male world to become governor of Alaska; in real terms, she is the true feminist. In contrast, according to doctrinaire feminism, Hillary Clinton does not measure up. She has largely clung, in mousy fashion, to her two-timing husband, excused his serial and manipulative philandering with young women of less clout and power, traded on his political nomenclature, and piggy-backed on his career.
Leftism assumes that racist and sexist speech by liberals constitutes good people's lapses of judgment and tact.
The Black Caucus rarely if ever comes to the defense of Justice Clarence Thomas when, periodically, liberal commentators suggest that he was and is unqualified, and is largely a token black conservative. No one suggests that the New York Times is on an anti-Latino crusade against Marco Rubio in trying to fashion a story of recklessness from the paltry evidence of his receiving one traffic ticket every four years. Had candidate Mitt Romney suggested, as did Senators Joe Biden and Harry Reid, that Senator Barack Obama was a “clean” and “light-skinned” black man without “a Negro dialect,” he would have been considered little more than a Clive Bundy buffoon and would have had to drop out of the Republican primary.
It appears that leftism assumes that racist and sexist speech by liberals constitutes good people's lapses of judgment and tact — not, as in the case of conservatives, valuable windows into the dark hearts of bigots. In other words, the idea of sexism and racism is not absolute, but relative and mostly socially massaged and constructed by politics. Had President Bill Clinton declared during the O. J. trial that if he had had a second daughter she would have resembled Nicole Simpson, the media and popular culture would have excused such a sick Obamism as a quirky slip — in a way that it would not have if a Bob Dole had uttered the same banality and thereby supposedly revealed his poorly suppressed racist proclivities.
A second tenet of socially constructed racism and sexism is “white privilege,” which usually translates into “white male privilege,” given that women such as Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren are rarely accused of being multimillionaire white elite females who won a leg up by virtue of their skin color. But if whiteness ipso facto earns one advantages over the non-white, why in the world do some elite whites choose to reconstruct their identities as non-white? Would Elizabeth Warren really have become a Harvard law professor had she not, during her long years of academic ascent, identified herself (at least privately, on universities' pedigree forms) as a Native American? Ward Churchill, with his beads and Indian get-up, won a university career that otherwise might have been scuttled by his mediocrity, his pathological untruths, and his aberrant behavior. Why would the current head of the NAACP in Spokane, Wash., a white middle-class woman named Rachel Dolezal, go to the trouble of faking a genealogy, using skin cosmetics and hair styling, and constructing false racist enemies to ensure that she was accepted as a victimized black woman?
RELATED: A Woman Who Insists She's African-American but Isn't
Ms. Dolezal assumed that being a liberal black woman brought with it career opportunities in activist groups and academia otherwise beyond her reach.
The obvious inference is that Ms. Dolezal assumed that being a liberal black woman brought with it career opportunities in activist groups and academia otherwise beyond her reach as a middle-class white female of so-so talent. Critics will object that we are really arguing in class terms as well as racial terms: Privileged whites play on society's innate prejudices against darker-skinned minorities by positioning themselves as light-skinned, elite people of color. That is a Pandora's box that is better left unopened — given that Harry Reid and Joe Biden have already unknowingly pried open the lid on these matters in ways that would transcend Barack Obama and equally apply, for example, to Eric Holder or Valerie Jarrett.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Suffice it to say that in our increasingly intermarried, assimilated, and integrated culture, it is often hard to ascertain someone's exact race or ethnicity. That confusion allows identity to be massaged and reinvented. That said, it is also generally felt among elites that feigning minority status earns career advantages that outweigh the downside of being identified as non-white in the popular culture. That was certainly my impression as a professor for over 20 years in the California State University system watching dozens of upper-class Latin Americans — largely white male Argentinians, Chileans, and Brazilians — and Spaniards flock to American academia, add accents to their names, trill their R's, and feign ethnic solidarity with their students who were of Oaxacan and Native American backgrounds.
Advertisement
Advertisement
RELATED: Rachel Dolezal Is Blacker than Bruce Jenner Is Female
Poor George Zimmerman. His last name stereotyped him as some sort of Germanic gun nut. But had he just ethnicized his maternal half-Afro Peruvian identity and reemerged as Jorgé Mesa, Zimmerman would have largely escaped charges of racism. He should have taken a cue from Barack Obama, who sometime in his late teens at Occidental College discovered that the exotic nomenclature of Barack Obama radiated a minority edge, in a way that the name of his alter ego, Barry Soetoro, apparently never quite had. If, in America's racist past, majority culture once jealously protected its white privilege by one-drop-of-blood racial distinctions, postmodern America has now come full circle and done the same in reverse — because the construction of minority identity, in all its varying degrees, is easily possible and, in ironic fashion, now brings with it particular elite career advantages.
Third, when we look at questions of class, we see again that racism and sexism are largely leftist constructs and not empirical terms describing millions of Americans who are supposedly denied opportunity by the white establishment because of their gender or race. The CEOs in the industries of sexism and classism are for the most part wealthy and privileged — and their targets are usually of the middle class. When Michelle Obama labors to remind her young African-American audiences of all the stares and second looks she imagines she still receives as First Lady, she is reconstructing a racial identity to balance the enormous privilege she enjoys as a jumbo-jet-setting grandee who junkets to the world's toniest resorts with regularity. The 2016 version of Hillary Clinton is, at least for a few months, a feminist populist, and has become so merely by mouthing a few banal talking points. Apparently the downside for Hillary of being a woman is not trumped by the facts of being a multimillionaire insider and former secretary of state, wife to a multimillionaire ex-president, mother of a multimillionaire, and mother-in-law to a multimillionaire hedge-fund director. Hillary can become a perpetual constructed victim, denied the good life that is enjoyed by a white male bus driver in Bakersfield making $40,000 a year.
RELATED: Mrs. Obama: I Feel Alienated, and That's Proof of America's Racism
Given the construction of race and gender, the children of Eric Holder and Barack Obama will be eligible for affirmative-action consideration out of reach for an 18-year-old white male in Provo, Utah. As a general rule, when advising classics majors who wished to apply to Ph.D. programs, I assumed that a white male needed a near-perfect GRE score and GPAs, to avoid being rejected out of hand as a middle-class so-so white man from Fresno State. (I reminded them that the “system” assumed their white privilege had given them advantages from preschool onward that the Ivy League and the University of California system now had to adjust for.) For my minority classics students, on the other hand, admission was rarely a problem, despite the fact that many were of a higher social class than their mostly rejected white counterparts.
Fourth, sexism and racism are abstractions of the liberal elite that rarely translate into praxis. Barack Obama could have done symbolic wonders for the public schools by taking his kids out of Sidwell Friends and putting them into the D.C. school system. Elizabeth Warren could have cemented her feminist populist fides by vowing to stop flipping houses. Feminist Bill Clinton could have renounced all affairs with female subordinates. Eric Holder could have vowed never to use government jets to take his kids to horse races. In solidarity with co-eds struggling with student loans, Hillary Clinton could have promised to limit her university speaking fees to a thousand dollars per minute rather than the ten thousand dollars for each 60 seconds of chatting that she actually gets, and she might have prefaced her public attacks on hedge funds by dressing down her son-in-law. Surely the lords of Silicon Valley might have promised to keep their kids in the public schools, and funded scholarships to allow minorities to flood Sacred Heart and the Menlo School.
RELATED: Why Eric Holder Will Regret His Recklessness
Advertisement
Advertisement
Charges of racism and sexism have little to do with demonstrable racial and sexual prejudice on the part of a white-male establishment. They are relative, not absolute, phenomena, and more often constructed by political beliefs and careerist concerns than observed independently. Such concepts are often entirely divorced from class reality, and often have more to do with illiberal privilege than with actual exclusion.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals.
A consumer group called Que Choisir — basically the European Consumer Reports — commissioned and published a study that found elevated concentrations of endocrine disruptors in 66 common personal-care products. Endocrine disruptors affect the body's regulation, production, and absorption of hormones and some endocrine disruptors can cause cancer, birth defects, and reduced cognitive function. Thanks to biomagnification, certain endocrine disruptors also cause birth defects and cancer in animals throughout the ecosystem, Silent Spring-style. Others, like bisphenol A, the scientific jury is kindasorta still out on. It's a complicated issue; scientists say because of the tendency of endocrine disruptors to persist in the body for long periods of time, exposure to multiple products, each containing concentrations that would be of little or no risk alone, may pose health risks. The European Commission is currently weighing scientific evidence in order to formulate a strategy for regulating endocrine disruptors, to be published in May. The endocrine disruptors Que Choisir found include triclosan, an antibacterial agent (which the F.D.A. is currently reviewing) and propylparaben, a preservative. Affected products include moisturizers, body washes, toothpastes, and deodorants by Nivea, Colgate, Neutrogena, and other brands. In the U.S., personal-care products are only lightly regulated for health and safety. [Que Choisir, Metro, WWD]
Here are all three of those Wes Anderson-directed ads for Prada's Candy perfume in one cut. [YouTube]
Advertisement
We all saw it when it leaked last week, but here's Beyoncé's British Vogue cover. [Vogue UK]
Advertisement
And here is a piece of comedy masquerading as a makeup tutorial inspired by the show Scandal and starring Franchesca Ramsey. [YouTube]
Advertisement
Emma Watson appears in character to promote The Bling Ring on the new cover of British GQ wearing a dress that looks an awful lot like the one Julia Roberts wore to play a streetwalker in Pretty Woman. Fashionista notes that ASOS and Nasty Gal are sold out of a very similar style. [Fashionista]
Advertisement
Nicola Formichetti, whose departure from Mugler was announced yesterday, is expected to announce a major collaboration with (or possibly a creative director position at — accounts differ) Diesel. The Post has the stylist "palling around" with Diesel founder Renzo Rosso at Paris Fashion Week and says Formichetti is expected to be named creative director of the brand shortly. Women's Wear Daily says Formichetti is working on "a major collaboration" with Diesel. For the record, Diesel's designer line, Diesel Black Gold, has a creative director — Andreas Melbostad. [P6, WWD]
Shazam is designing a new app that will identify by brand clothing seen on television or in photographs. [Guardian]
Angelina Jolie says sales of her fantastically expensive fine jewelry collection with Robert Procop have funded a school in Afghanistan that educates 200-300 girls. The school, which is located outside Kabul, opened last November. [Reuters]
Business of Fashion has a fantastic, thoroughly reported article on one of fashion's most taboo topics: getting paid. According to designers, many retailers, from department stores to boutiques and concept stores, are bad payers. According to stores, many designers (especially emerging brands) are bad at meeting delivery deadlines and can have inconsistent quality control. Unfortunately, it is emerging brands that are most likely to be crippled by late payments:
"At the beginning, you are in an awkward position," recalled Peter Pilotto, one half of the eponymous London-based brand that has quickly built a business of substantial scale. Still, Mr Pilotto remembers these kinds of problems from the early days of his business all too well, saying he has been forced to stop working with several "prestigious accounts" due to very slow payments. He declined to name the offending stores on the record.
"On the one hand, you are so happy that they have placed an order, but then they don't pay you, which creates a chain reaction because you have promised your manufacturers that you will pay them when the stores have paid," he said. "It's a terrible situation."
The boutiques called out by name for poor payment records include London's LN-CC and Milan's Corso Como (which is owned by Carla Sozzani, the sister of Vogue Italia editor Franca Sozzani). [BoF]
After J.C. Penney lost almost one billion dollars last year, C.E.O. Ron Johnson's compensation was slashed from $53.3 million to $1.9 million. The earlier figure was heavily inflated by the stock options that Penney offered to induce Johnson to take the job in 2011, and those stock awards may not ultimately be realized because under Johnson's watch the company's share price, like its sales, has so far sunk. [WWD]
Meanwhile Urban Outfitters C.E.O. and founder Richard Hayne again drew a $1 salary last year. His total compensation of $33,000 otherwise comprised a $5,000 holiday bonus and life and health insurance premiums paid by the company. Urban Outfitters fell slightly short of the financial performance standards that would have entitled Hayne to a larger cash bonus, like the $420,000 bonus he received in 2010. Despite his salary, Hayne is still a very rich man: his 18% stake in Urban Outfitters is worth around $1.1 billion. [WWD]
Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine has launched a small jewelry collection. It's for sale in a Flotique, of course. [Refinery29]
Jimmy Choo's Tamara Mellon has written a memoir titled In My Shoes (not to be confused with the Jennifer Weiner novel In Her Shoes). It comes out in October. [The Cut]
British retailers including ASOS, Boden, and Topshop are eyeing the U.S. for growth. [BoF]
Oscar de la Renta is going to be interviewed by Fern Mallis live at the 92Y on June 6. [WWD]
And now, a moment with designer Lie Sang Bong. Sang Bong, how has the viral video "Gangnam Style" impacted your business?
When asked how Psy's success has changed the fashion landscape in Korea, Lie San Bong says, "A couple of months ago [the actor and Les Miserables star] Hugh Jackman was trying on a jacket that I gave him and asked, ‘Is this Gangnam style?' Gangnam Style was a great advertisement of Gangnam in Korea."
[FT]
Lede photo via Daria Minaeva/Shutterstock
By: Susan J. Blumenthal, M.D., M.P.A.*
Health care is a top issue that American women want their next President to address. Currently, women comprise 51% of the population in the United States, 61% of the population over the age of 65, and 70% of the population over age 85. Yet, despite these facts, women's health is a cause that was neglected at the research bench, in the halls of public policy, and in clinical settings until the past fifteen years. In the past, despite clear differences in the bodies and experiences of men and women, most research studies were conducted solely in male subjects, as if they were "generic" humans -- but the results were then generalized to guide the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease in women. This omission of women as research subjects and as the focus of prevention campaigns has put women's health at risk -- as evidenced by rising rates of undetected heart disease, lung cancer, mental and addictive disorders, and the epidemic of AIDS.
Although women seek more medical care, use more health services across their lives, and spend more on medications than do men, they suffer greater disability from disease. 19 million women -- 18% of women in the United States -- are uninsured. Furthermore, women are more likely than men to lack coverage because many are part-time workers or dependent on their spouses for care and may lose insurance as a result of divorce or being widowed. In the United States, 38% of women obtain coverage through their employment, 25% through their spouse's employment, 10% receive services through Medicaid, and 6% purchase insurance through the individual market. Health care services of particular importance to women, including maternity care, fertility treatment, prescription drugs, mental health services and contraceptives may be limited in some employer based insurance plans and are often excluded in the individual insurance marketplace. A recent study found that women pay much higher premiums than men for individual insurance policies providing comparable coverage. They also are more likely than men to report that costs are a barrier to obtaining health care services. As a result, among women with private insurance, 17% report delaying or having gone without needed care. Today, women are losing their jobs and health insurance as a result of the current financial crisis on Wall Street and Main Street.
Since women live longer than men, they comprise the majority of the oldest and frailest group of seniors. 50% of women as compared to 28% of men over the age of 65 live on less than $20,000 a year. Of these, almost 1 in 5 women have a physical disability, 1 in 4 has cognitive limitations and 25% live alone. Three quarters of nursing home residents are women. Medicare has very limited long term care benefits and Medicaid supports long term care only for low income women or those who have become impoverished as a result of their health care bills.
Furthermore, the chronic disease epidemic in America is disproportionately affecting women in part because of their longer lifespan as well as a lack of investment in prevention generally, and the fact that most educational campaigns in the past targeted men to stop smoking, lower their cholesterol or change other health damaging behaviors while leaving women at increased risk. Today, the major killers of females in the United States are chronic illnesses including heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lung disease, and diabetes -- conditions for which as much as 50% of the cause is attributable to behavioral and lifestyle factors such as smoking, obesity, and lack of physical activity. 23% of women are smoking, the #1 preventable cause of death, in the United States today. 61.8% of women are overweight and 34% are obese leading to an epidemic of Type II diabetes, the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Chronic diseases linked to preventable factors constitute 75% of health care spending in America. That's why both disease management and prevention have emerged as key issues in the health care reform debate today.
Reproductive health across the life span are critical issues for women. Federal and state laws have been used to restrict access to comprehensive sex education and to family planning services. Domestic violence is another major threat to women's health resulting in approximately 1,200 deaths and injuring 2 million women annually. One in six women have experienced an attempted or completed rape and young women.
Research is another issue of importance to women because it is medicine's field of dreams from which new findings about the causes, treatment and prevention of disease are harvested. Science has shown that there are important sex differences at the molecular, cellular and organ system level and in environmental influences on health and disease. These research findings have important implications for women's health policies including service delivery approaches, prevention and chronic disease management, health care workforce issues and the application of information technology to improve health.
In the 21st century, women's health is very much a global issue. There are over
3.1 billion women worldwide and in most regions of the world, women outnumber
men. Yet, a number of factors including poverty and discrimination undermine
women's health. The health status of women is critically linked to their empowerment
and fundamental freedoms. Women's rights -- human rights -- are essential to national
development, economic growth and global progress. However, for women in
many countries, discrimination and denial of their basic rights, beginning in infancy, negatively impacts the trajectory of their lives. Worldwide, education, occupational opportunities, proper nutrition, family planning, and access to health care are critical
components of ensuring a healthier future for women.
That means our work on women's health cannot stop at the United States' borders for humanitarian, economic, and national security reasons. Millions of orphans overseas whose mothers have died of AIDS, malaria or tuberculosis are an invitation to political instability. Caring for the millions of women with HIV/AIDS or tobacco and obesity related diseases bankrupts nations of the human resources and the funds needed to build healthy communities, economies, and democracies. These are reasons why our next President must make global health -- and the health of the world's women -- a top priority. After all, our common quest for improving women's health in the 21st century must cut across cultures, languages, and politics.
Madame Curie once remarked, "I never see what has been done, I only see what remains to be done." Yes, much progress has been made in women's health, but much more needs to be done. Increased research is needed on sex differences in health and disease and on the conditions that affect women across the lifespan. There is also an urgent need to make the shift from a treatment-oriented society to one of prevention; to increase the level of preparedness to meet and beat new threats to women's health and safety; to close the gap when it comes to health care disparities for women of color; and to more effectively translate what we know from science and public health to improve the delivery of services to women.
That next President of the United States must mobilize the resources of the Federal government and work with the private sector in partnerships to leverage skills and resources to improve the prevention and treatment of diseases in women in our country and internationally.
This article provides a comprehensive side-by-side comparison, in chart form, of the Presidential candidates' proposals to improve women's health. The charts below include a review of the Presidential candidates' plans to increase access to quality health care, to address reproductive health issues across the lifespan, to foster scientific and medical research, to incorporate health information technology to provide 21st century care, and to address critical concerns including breast and ovarian cancer as well as domestic violence.
This in-depth comparison reveals that there is only one candidate who will write a healing prescription as President to improve women's health in the United States and worldwide -- and that candidate is Senator Barack Obama.
Click on the thumbnail chart for a full PDF.
U.S. Presidential Candidates' Plans for Improving Women's Health: A Side-by-Side Comparison
*Rear Admiral Susan Blumenthal, M.D. (ret.) is the Director of the Health and Medicine Program at the Center for the Study of the Presidency in Washington, D.C. and a Clinical Professor at Georgetown and Tufts University Schools of Medicine. For more than twenty years, Dr. Blumenthal served in senior health leadership positions in the Federal government including as Assistant Surgeon General of the United States and as the first Deputy Assistant Secretary of Women's Health in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Service. She was also Chief of the Behavioral Medicine and Basic Prevention Research Branch at the National Institutes of Health and a White House Advisor on health issues. Dr. Blumenthal has received numerous awards including honorary doctorates and has been decorated with the highest medals of the U.S. Public Health Service for her pioneering contributions to improving health in the United States and globally.
In the keynote session of AngularConnect in London, Brad Green gave attendees a status update on the Angular 2 project. There is still no release date, but a beta is just around the corner.
Green started the keynote by reassuring developers of Google's commitment to Angular 1. At a previous conference, he said that they would gauge where to spend their time based on traffic to the Angular 1 website vs. the Angular 2 website. For now, 93% of the traffic is still on Angular 1, though the remaining 7% surprised him. Speaking about the use of Angular within Google, "We are going to be on Angular 1 for some time, even though we've just started to adopt Angular 2 internally," said Green. Driving the point home, he also mentioned that there have been 32 Angular 1 releases so far this year.
Moving on to Angular 2, the server-side rendering feature of Angular now has a name. Dubbed "Angular Universal", it executes the first page of your app on the server and sends back HTML and CSS. Jeff Whelpley and Patrick Stapleton will demo the new feature in a session later today. Developers can check out the current work on GitHub.
Igor Minar took the stage to demonstrate a new tool called angular-cli. It's based on the ember-cli project and allows developers to use the command line to scaffold pieces of an application. For example:
ng new my-app // Scaffold an application, including HTML and TypeScript ng serve // Create a development web server that hooks into the dev process ng generate component my-component // Creates a new component
Other companies stopped by to show some of the products they're building on Angular 2. The Ionic team announced that Ionic 2, built with Angular 2, is now a public alpha. Telerik demonstrated Angular 2's ability to work with non-HTML templates, showcasing a native mobile app that uses Angular 2 and NativeScript in concert. Uri Goldshtein from Meteor dropped by to feature Angular 2's Rendering Speed.
Following up on the recent announcement of ng-upgrade, Misko Hevery provided a sample app to demonstrate its use, combining Angular 1 and Angular 2 in the same app.
A new Angular team member, Jules Kremer, made an important announcement to attendees. Before, the team said that they would only support "evergreen" browsers (Edge, Chrome, Firefox, Safari). But, thanks to work in the community, browser support how now been extended all the way back to IE 9.
Green wrapped up the keynote with an update on the release date:
We really wanted to come up here and say "we're at beta"; we're not quite there. But, we're really close. [For beta], there are just a couple more things we want to do. We want to finish the docs and there are some P1 issues -- there's about 50 of them -- we want to burn down before we tell you, "The water's completely safe, come on in"
The AngularConnect conference runs today and tomorrow. The sessions are streaming live and will be available for viewing individual soon. The keynote slides are available now.
February just got a lot cuter. EA has announced that Unravel — an adorable puzzle / platforming game that stars a character made out of yarn — will launch on February 9th for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC for $19.99.
First announced earlier this year at E3, the slow, measured game has you exploring the Swedish countryside, one where every object seems towering, thanks to your diminutive size. Apples become massive boulders, while trees are like skyscrapers to be scaled. The yarn theme also impacts the gameplay, giving you a lifeline to go back if you make mistakes.
Unravel is being developed by Swedish studio Coldwood Interactive, and it's also one of the rare games from a big publisher to feel small and personal. Along with Mirror's Edge Catalyst — which was recently delayed until May — it's a game that shows a different side of a company best known for blockbusters like FIFA and Battlefield.
None of the candidates who interviewed for the Dolphins general manager position has more experience scouting college players than Dennis Hickey, who took the job after two others turned it down and at least four others declined interviews.
Though he never made the final call on draft day, Hickey was very much involved in the Buccaneers' draft decisions, particularly over the past nine of his 18 years with the team --- six as director of college scouting (2005-2010), the past three as director of player personnel.
How much say did Hickey have in the final decision?
“Fairly significant,” said Mark Dominik, who was Tampa Bay's general manager from 2009 until his firing at the end of this season. “Dennis got me educated on players.”
Dominik on Monday praised Hickey's ability as a talent evaluator, and the Buccaneers had some hits during the nine seasons when Hickey had a key position in the front office.
But like all teams, they also had some key misses, including four second-rounders that didn't meet expectations.
"The record isn't what we wanted [28-52 in Dominik's five years as GM], but we were doing something right in the players we drafted and signed," Dominik said.
A look at those nine drafts that Hickey was intimately involved with, but again, did not make the final decision on: (Note: Bruce Allen, now with Washington, was Tampa Bay's GM during the first four years of these drafts.)
### 2005: Running back Carnell Williams, picked fifth, was a disappointment (3.8 average in seven seasons), with Pacman Jones, Antrel Rolle and DeMarcus Ware among those chosen shortly after. But linebacker Barrett Rudd, selected 36th, became a quality starter.
### 2006: Davin Joseph (23) and Jeremy Trueblood (59) became solid pieces on the offensive line. Third-round receiver Maurice Stovall had just 52 career catches.
### 2007: Defensive end Gaines Adams, taken fourth overall, didn't quite fulfill expectations, was traded to Chicago for a second-rounder before dying in 2010 from a heart condition. Tampa also took guard Arron Sears (35), who was very good for two years before developing a neurological condition that ended his career; selected a four-year starting safety in Tanard Jackson (106); and over-drafted journeyman safety Sabby Piscitelli at 64.
### 2008: Talented Aqib Talib (picked 20th) had 17 picks in his first four seasons before being traded to New England. Receiver Dexter Jackson (58th) was out of the league within two years, but Jeremy Zuttah (83rd) has been a decent starter.
### 2009: Quarterback Josh Freeman, picked 17th, made the Pro Bowl in his second season before a sharp decline in performance led to his eventual release this past October. Defensive tackle Roy Miller, picked 83rd, started in Jacksonville this season. Only one of the Buccaneers' other four picks (EJ Biggers) is still in the league.
### 2010: Gerald McCoy (picked third) has become a Pro Bowl defensive tackle, but the 35th pick (UCLA defensive tackle Brian Price) --- chosen one spot before Chiefs running back/Pro Bowl punt returner Dexter McCluster – is out of the league. Receiver Arrelious Benn, picked 39th (three spots before Rob Gronkowski), disappointed and was traded to Philadelphia last year. But receivers Mike Williams (101) and linebacker Dekoda Watson (217) were good value picks.
### 2011: Tampa made prudent selections at No. 20 with Adrian Clayborn (13 sacks in 35 games) and at 84 with linebacker Mason Foster (92 tackles, two sacks, three interceptions this season). But Da'Quan Bowers, picked 51st, has faded (one sack this season) after showing flashes early on.
### 2012: Dominik gives Hickey some of the credit for a draft that yielded three players that made the All-rookie team: safety Mark Barron (No. 7), running back Doug Martin (No. 31) and linebacker Lavonte David, the 58th pick, who has blossomed into a standout (144 tackles, six sacks, five interceptions this season). Safety Keith Tandy (three picks in 2013) was good value at 174.
### 2013: Tampa Bay didn't have a first-round pick, and cornerback Johnthan Banks (chosen 43rd) has three interceptions in a backup role.
Dominik said Hickey supported the selection of quarterback Mike Glennon at No. 73, and he was the best of the rookie quarterbacks. Hickey also liked the sixth-round selection of UM's Mike James, who averaged 4.9 yards on 60 carries before fracturing his ankle.
#############################################################################################
Patriots personnel director Nick Caserio on Monday declined to comment about the Dolphins' assertion that he wanted the job but did not take it because the Dolphins would not allow him to “clean house” and immediately fire coach Joe Philbin.
ProFootballTalk.com reported that Caserio likes Philbin and planned to keep him, but the Dolphins dispute that. Comcast Sports New England reported that Caserio did not demand that Philbin be fired but wanted to have a role in determining whether he would be retained after this season.
### The Dolphins also have said that Tennessee Titans player personnel director LakeDawson was willing to retain Philbin but insisted on having the ability to dismiss him after the season. ESPN reported that Dawson did not ask for that authority, and Dawson was in meetings Monday and not immediately available to discuss it.
UM RECRUITING
We'll have a lot more on UM recruiting in the next few days, but this much is clear: This will be a stressful week for the Hurricanes with regard to three elite local defensive prospects: Chad Thomas, Travonte Valentine and Demetrius Jackson.
Thomas, the five-star Booker T. Washington defensive end, said he remains solidly committed to UM but enjoyed his visit to FSU and hasn't ruled out the Seminoles in interviews with several recruiting web sites.
Valentine, the four-star Hialeah Champagnat defensive tackle, previously identified LSU as his favorite and told SFHSSports.com that his LSU visit this past weekend was “amazing.” He will visit UM this weekend; the Canes are his only other finalist.
Jackson, the four-star defensive end from Booker T. Washington, told Canesport.com a couple weeks ago that he would cancel his remaining visits and fully intends to honor his UM commitment. But he visited Arkansas over the weekend and hasn't addressed his future.
a123.g.akamai.net Move over, Richard Heene! It looks like there's a new dad who's trying to capitalize on his children's death-defying adventures.
This time, not in a balloon, but by sea.
Yes, the father of 16-year-old Abbey Sunderland, the California teen who was rescued this weekend about 2,000 nautical miles off the coast of Australia while trying to become the youngest person to sail around the world, has admitted to The New York Post that he had a deal for a reality TV show.
And what a clever title it has: "Adventures in Sunderland"!
According to The Post, the show started filming four months ago with the premise of recording the lives of born-again Christian Donald Sunderland and his seven "daredevil kids." Donald copped to the fact that he was motivated to do the show because he was broke.
Abby's solo sail around the globe started last January. Her parents defended themselves last week for letting her go on the trip in the face of heated criticism after Abby ended up stranded in the middle of the Indian Ocean with no satellite reception.
And Donald is now defending himself in light of these new revelations:
Sunderland insists Abby's trip wasn't just a stunt.
The reality show was, he said, "the last thing on my mind.
"The wheels in motion for this trip had actually started when Abigail was 13 years old," he added.
Sunderland also defended his decision to let his daughter take the risky journey.
"I love my daughter dearly," he said. "I love the passion of sailing dearly, and this was about Abigail following her dream. She followed the criteria that I had set out, and met all the requirements to embark on this trip."
Read more at The New York Post >>
Ministers issued with please explain from court, over comments critical of Victorian judiciary
Updated
Three Coalition Government ministers are required to appear before the Victorian Court of Appeal on Friday over their comments attacking the state's judiciary for being weak on sentences for terrorism offences.
In the past week, Health Minister Greg Hunt, Human Services Minister Alan Tudge and Assistant to the Treasurer, Michael Sukkar, have all criticised the state's judges in an article in The Australian in relation to appeals in two cases in which the court had reserved its decision.
The Age revealed a letter had been sent to Attorney-General George Brandis requiring the trio to appear before the court and the ABC has seen a copy of the letter.
"The attributed statements were published whilst the judgements of the Court of Appeal were reserved," the letter said.
"The attributed statements appear to intend to bring the court into disrepute, to assert the judges have and will apply an ideologically-based predisposition in deciding the case or cases that the judges will not apply the law.
"The attributed statements, on their face, also appear to be calculated to influence the court in its decision or decisions and to interfere with the due administration of justice in this state."
The ministers or their legal representatives are required to appear before the Court of Appeal on Friday to make submissions about why they should not be referred for prosecution for contempt.
Shorter sentences for terror offences 'deeply concerning'
The comments followed a statement from the Court of Appeal on Friday, that there appeared to be an "extremely worrying" difference between sentences for terror offences in Victoria and New South Wales.
They also came as the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions challenged a 10-year main sentence and seven-and-a-half-year minimum imposed on Anzac Day terrorism plotter Sevdet Besim by Victoria's Supreme Court last year.
Mr Hunt told The Australian the Victorian Government should reject "deeply concerning" comments from the court concerning sentences for terror offences.
"Comments by senior members of the Victorian courts endorsing and embracing shorter sentences for terrorism offences are deeply concerning, deeply concerning," he told The Australian.
"The state courts should not be places for ideological experiments in the face of global and local threats from Islamic extremism that has led to such tragic losses."
"No-one should be suggesting that tough terrorism sentences are a bad thing," Mr Tudge told Sky News.
Mr Sukkar joined the criticism in The Australian.
"It's the attitude of judges like these which has eroded any trust that remained in our legal system," he said.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull also roundly criticised the Victorian parole system after a man on parole launched a terror attack at Brighton on June 6.
Comments 'eroded' confidence in the judiciary
Melbourne lawyer Rob Stary earlier told ABC Radio in Melbourne that the comments from the ministers in that context could be seen as having eroded public confidence in the judiciary and amounted to contempt of court.
He filed a formal complaint with the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions, alleging the MPs had "scandalised the court."
He alleged the comments were designed to influence the court in the Besim matter.
"We must have in the separation of powers doctrine an independent judiciary who should be free from political interference," Mr Stary told ABC Radio Melbourne.
"What we say is there has been a contempt of court.
"We say there's been a flagrant breach of that doctrine, particularly from people who should know better."
Mr Stary said the matter should be referred to the Australian Federal Police or some other "appropriate body" for investigation and charges to be laid.
"While it was fine to make a complaint about a sentence or to attack the inadequacy of a sentence, Mr Stary said, it had to be done in "a proper way".
"It's not open slather," he said.
"Judges are independent and they should be free from any political interference."
Mr Hunt, Mr Tudge and Mr Sukkar have been contacted by the ABC for comment.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, courts-and-trials, melbourne-3000, vic
First posted
“It is quiet here at the moment, but I am afraid. I know my city; this is the calm before the storm” sighed Fatimah Kadumy, as she ordered a steaming plate of freshly baked kanafeh – a much-loved Palestinian dessert – from a humble shopfront rumored to deliver the best kanafeh in the West Bank.
Kadumy is the founder of Bait al Karama – “the House of Dignity” – a cooking school situated in the heart of the Old City of Nablus, which rests on the principle that it is just as effective to fight the Israeli occupation through sugar and spice, as Molotov's and stones.
“I don't want to see more blood; I don't want to lose any more neighbors. I don't want another intifada”, she said contemplatively, “But what we are doing is trying to show Palestinians that they can help their country through something beautiful.”
Established in 2008, Bait al Karama was designed to bring tourism into the Old City, deliver economic independence for the women who work at the center, and also to encourage healthier gastronomic lifestyles which, as Kadumy goes on to explain, can be harnessed as a form of resistance when allied with the movement for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS).
Kadumy finished her kanafeh, and joined with several volunteers, who were leading an international delegation around the labyrinth of Nablus' souk while narrating the story of the cooking school and the political role food plays in the occupied Palestinian territory.
BDS and slow food
“Slow food is incredibly important, especially in Palestine. It focuses on healthy eating, sourcing products that are native to Palestine and which grow in the mountains, by the coast, and have natural fertilizers”, Aya Yaeesh – a volunteer who has worked with Beit al Karama for four years – was saying.
The cooking school launched under the banner of being the first slow food convivium in Palestine. ‘Slow food' is a global grassroots movement, which aims to combat fast food trends in society and preserve local foods and traditions. Slow food operates under the premise that through certain lifestyle choices comes the ability to influence cultivation, production and distribution of food, and thus affect many spheres of live, whether environmental, cultural or political.
According to Yaeesh, Beit al Karama connects with agricultural producers in the rural areas surrounding Nablus, alongside market sellers in the souk, in order to encourage Palestinians to not only eat well and follow the seasons, but to think critically about food production and the political factors that underpin it.
“First it was an idea to give visitors incentive to come here to the Old City, but when you start to go deeper and deeper into the food industry we discovered lots of things”, explained Aya, as she led the tour group down a cobbled branch of the souk. “First we need to know where these products are coming from, from Palestine, from Israel or from the Settlements?”
“We want Palestinians to know they can fight the occupation in another way. You don't have to go and throw stones, you can stop buying Israeli products”, Kadumy chipped in. Thus, at a time when the BDS movement is picking up momentum on an international level, Bait al Karama encourages Palestinians to be aware of the importance of promoting BDS on a local level as well.
A cultural cornerstone
Kadumy proudly described the traditional recipes that Beit al Karama seeks to preserve, which were orally passed through the generations. These recipes – alongside the ingredients and methods behind Palestinian cooking which distinguishes it from that of its Arab neighbors – provide a pervasive tie with the land and Palestinian history.
“The recipes we use come from our grand grand grandmothers! And we keep them how they are, we keep everything as it was since hundreds of years ago all across historic Palestine”, Kadumy illustrated. “We have the test of the food itself; we don't add anything new, nothing from other areas of the Arabian world or the West. We just keep it in the same pure way it has always been.”
“Tasting, learning, and breaking bread together – food is a really special thing”, agreed Christina Samara, the co-founder of Breaking Bread Journeys who had brought the tour group to Kadumy's school. Samara encourages visitors to come to Beit al Karama and gain an alternative perspective of the reality of the Israel-Palestine crisis.
Challenging the narrative
Both Samara and Kadumy emphasized that it is important for their work to try and counter dominant narratives in Western media, which so often reduces Palestinians to the role of arbitrary aggressors.
“Food can bring people together, and by visiting Bait al Karama tourists really get to go under the skin of the Holy Land”, Samara explained, “It is nice to see people coming together and not just talking about the politics of the region, but uniting over food”.
However, even the act of preserving and celebrating Palestinian gastronomy seems to be steeped in politics. Israeli assertions of various Middle Eastern dishes being their own has particularly rankled those of Palestinian and Lebanese descent, who claim Israel is culturally appropriating their culinary heritage.
Therefore, Beit al Karama is not only tackling the occupation through advocating BDS, but through challenging the assumption of various foods being Israeli, and by providing international visitors with a counter-narrative of who Palestinians are.
“If we want to speak about the world and how the world thinks about Arabic and Islamic countries, we need them [international visitors] to come here to our country and to see how we really are, and one way we can portray our rich heritage is by celebrating our food”, said Kadumy.
Second intifada
Founded on the rubble of the second intifada, Bait al Karama was born from the struggles of the local community in the Old City, when Nablus was virtually under siege for almost ten years between 2001 and 2010.
Whilst the IDF shelling eventually stopped and the seven checkpoints that encircle the city opened – albeit sporadically – the city has been plagued with economic instability ever since. 65 percent of the 35,000 residents of the old city live in poverty, and unemployment is estimated to be as high as 80 percent.
“The situation here was totally devastated – it was the third world war during the intifada. A lot of people were killed and houses destroyed, all the houses here connect with each other like a circuit, so if you drop a bomb on one you will destroy all the houses around the area”, Kadumy remembered.
“A lot of women lost their children, sons, husbands – everything you can imagine happened”.
With male unemployment still worryingly high, Bait al Karama allows women to gain financial security, while also providing an important meeting place and source of psychological support for those who have been living under a volatile military occupation for almost half a century.
Psychological coping mechanisms
“The center is a way to have an income but also to encourage women to come here, it's an important social space. To be successful for the women to come here, to meet each other, to have coffee, and to discuss not only the political issues but everything”, Kadumy explained, “To have shisha, to learn from each other and to speak to one another”.
Back at the school, it is quickly evident how food provides an important source of social nourishment in Palestinian society. “Preparing food is a group activity which is shared by multiple people”, Kadumy pointed to the bustle of the kitchen where two women were preparing ingredients amongst chatter and laughter. “This is what makes the food remain how it should be, and it makes us a strong community.”
After a long day of touring the group of international visitors around the Old City, showing them the delights of Nablus' spice and soap factories and hammams before returning to a hearty meal of Maqluba, Kadumy sank into a chair cupping a dark cup of Arabic coffee.
“We are saying enough, we want to try something else”, she reflected, “We have rebuilt the stone, now we need to rebuild the humans, ourselves.”
“I want to remove the smell of death from my city. It's not only me; it's all the Palestinians who feel this way. I want to stay away from the blood; I don't want to see any more destroyed houses. I know what we do here at Bait al Karama is small, but it is important.”
Around 75,000 native Sydney plants were used in the park's creation. Image: Courtesy Barangaroo Delivery Authority
The sandstone blocks allow visitors to reach the edge of the water. Image: Courtesy Barangaroo Delivery Authority
Sandstone blocks excavated from the site recreate the pre-colonial landform of the site. Image: Courtesy Barangaroo Delivery Authority
Sydney's newest foreshore park, Barangaroo Reserve, opened to the public on Saturday 22 August 2015.
The $250-million park has been designed by American landscape architect Peter Walker in collaboration with Australian practice Johnson Pilton Walker.
The new six-hectare park was created from what was Sydney's oldest industrial site, a former shipyard. The park retraces the original pre-colonial and pre-industrial shoreline that was erased from maps by the shipyard. It also establishes a 14-kilometre stretch of shoreline between Walsh Bay and ANZAC Bridge.
The below video shows how the Barangaroo shoreline has changed over the last 200 years.
The park offers the closest connection to Sydney Harbour of foreshore park in the city. In place of the previous 18-metre cliff that cut off Millers Point from the foreshore, the park's new naturalistic landforms, made from 10,000 blocks (37,000 cubic metres) of Hawkesbury sandstone excavated from the site, builds back the headland and reconnects the city directly to the water. New tidal rock pools have also been created from the sandstone blocks.
The new park is also visually connected to landmarks across the harbour including Goat Island, Ballast Point and Balls Head.
Around 75,000 native Sydney plants were used in the park's creation, with Angophoras, Banksias, and Port Jackson and Moreton Bay figs among the 83 species of trees and shrubs. As well as the new harbour cove, the park features a range of walking and cycling paths, lookout points, grassed areas and and bush walks.
The sandstone blocks allow visitors to reach the edge of the water. Image: Courtesy Barangaroo Delivery Authority
The new park doesn't entirely erase the site's industrial heritage. During the two-and-a-half-year construction process, an original shipway from the shipyard built in the 1820s was uncovered, which was excavated and reconstructed in the new park.
The Barangaroo Reserve is named after historic Indigenous Cameragal woman, who was believed to be the second wife of Indigenous leader Bennelong.
The Barangaroo precinct has attracted criticism and controversy particularly due to the scale of the casino, residential and commercial developments at Barangaroo South. But Peter Walker believes it is this juxtaposition will make the park “really spectacular,” he told the ABC.
“Here we have these gigantic buildings right next to this open space which runs the whole length of the rest of Barangaroo,” he said. “[That's] one of the things that makes this so dramatic.”
The park's opening will be celebrated with a three-month-long program of events including monthly Giant Picnics from September to November, and a Welcome Party on Sunday 6 September.
Read Scott Hawken's review of Barangaroo Reserve.
Story highlights Ukrainian President's office: Cease-fire is extended 72 hours
Ukraine's Petro Poroshenko: EU document is "a symbol of faith and unbreakable will"
The signing shows "how dramatically things can change in a short time," he says
State media: Vladimir Putin calls for "substantial" talks in Ukraine, end to bloodshed
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday signed a broad agreement of cooperation with the European Union, the same deal whose reversal set off a crisis in the nation.
The signing came hours before the President's office announced a three-day extension of a cease-fire. This is the latest step suggesting Ukraine may be moving back from the brink of full-fledged civil war -- though the situation remains volatile, with continued violence and the constant fear of yet more, cease-fire or not.
This tension has recent roots in then-President Viktor Yanukovych's decision to shun the EU Association Agreement last year and work with Russia instead. That move unleashed deadly strife that led to Yanukovych's ouster, the loss of Crimea and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion.
Sealing the deal may be the second-most important moment in Ukraine's history, Poroshenko said, after its independence from Russia.
He said the signing "shows how dramatically things can change in a short time, if the will of the people is strong enough."
And he paid tribute, on what he described as a "great day" in the nation's history, to Ukrainians who lost their lives when protests over closer ties with Europe turned bloody.
"The document we will sign today is not just political and economic, it is a symbol of faith and unbreakable will," he said.
JUST WATCHED Poroshenko is the 'Chocolate King' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Poroshenko is the 'Chocolate King' 02:20
JUST WATCHED Poroshenko says he's ready for peace deal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Poroshenko says he's ready for peace deal 12:06
JUST WATCHED Poroshenko: No tolerance for corruption Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Poroshenko: No tolerance for corruption 07:29
"It is a tribute to people who gave their lives and health to make this moment happen, and it is the strongest reminder that today's Europe is and must be about people's determination to live in a better and safer world."
Poroshenko said that in signing the Association Agreement, he was making a unilateral statement that his country has underlined its choice of future membership in the EU.
And he signaled to Russia that its efforts to undermine the closer unification of Europe would fail in the face of Ukraine's determination to pursue its European dreams.
He used the same pen intended for use in November before Yanukovych turned his back on the agreement in favor of Moscow.
Russian reaction
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Russian state TV that signing the EU deal is a "sovereign right" but that "Russia will undertake its measure if its market is negatively affected" by the agreement.
Such action probably would be protective trade measures intended to shield Russian producers and industry from an influx of potentially cheaper, better-quality goods from Europe.
Speaking at a Brussels news conference after the signing, Poroshenko said what was needed more than sanctions was a "real dialogue" with Russia. The EU and the United States have repeatedly warned Moscow that more economic sanctions could be imposed if it doesn't act to defuse the crisis.
"I really hope that finally now this dialogue will take place and we will have a real cease-fire and the implementation of my peace plan," Poroshenko said.
Speaking in Moscow, Putin also emphasized the need for a lasting truce, according to Russia's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass.
JUST WATCHED Ukraine announces unilateral cease-fire Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ukraine announces unilateral cease-fire 03:01
JUST WATCHED Deadline for Ukraine's gas debt passes Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH Deadline for Ukraine's gas debt passes 02:53
JUST WATCHED Official: Ukrainian plane shot down Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Official: Ukrainian plane shot down 02:46
"Ukraine should embark on the path of peace, dialogue and accord. The priority is to conduct substantial talks between the authorities in Kiev and the southeast," Putin is quoted as saying.
"We stand for the complete termination of bloodshed on the whole territory of Ukraine, including along our borders," he said, adding that Russia is doing its best to contribute to the peace process.
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Friday called for Ukraine to carry out promised constitutional reforms and said Russia should be involved in consultations to safeguard the interests of Russian speakers in southeast Ukraine.
European Council leader sees stability, prosperity
The EU-Ukraine Association Agreement calls for a free trade zone and for Ukraine to adhere to European values such as democracy and human rights. It will allow for the country to participate in common border protection and security processes.
In remarks before the signing, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy also remembered those who died in Ukraine.
"In Kiev and elsewhere, people gave their lives for this closer link to the European Union," he said. "We will not forget this."
Van Rompuy said that closer political and economic ties would bring greater security, stability and prosperity to Ukraine and the two other former Soviet states also each signing an EU Association Agreement on Friday, Georgia and Moldova.
"Our joint goal is your full integration into the market of the European Union," Van Rompuy told those countries' three leaders, adding they must push forward with reforms.
He also expressed the EU's solidarity with the three nations in the face of Ukraine's "very difficult" security situation, and the "uncertainties" looming over Georgia's and Moldova's relationships with Russia.
He stressed that Russia had nothing to fear from those nations' closer ties with Europe, adding the EU would engage with Moscow to work for peace.
Putin -- pragmatic or emotional?
As Ukraine's government works to quell the violence in the east, Poroshenko has said that negotiations with Russian separatists there will continue Friday.
"Sometimes, the position of Mr. Putin is quite pragmatic, sometimes it is very emotional," Poroshenko said. "I just try to find out the time when he is more pragmatic than emotional."
The talks are intended to end fighting that threatens to escalate into a broader conflict.
"I am optimistic and I'm thinking that within a few weeks, maybe months, we can have a deal to establish peace," Poroshenko said.
Putin has agreed to negotiations that will include an EU representative, Poroshenko said. "We do not expect any immediate negative reaction," he said. "I'm ready to make a peace deal with anybody."
He is also ready to fight if necessary but said, "I hate the idea not to use the last opportunity to bring the peace to the region."
Peace plan
Under his peace plan, he seeks a commitment to negotiations, the release of hostages, a mutual cease-fire and the withdrawal of Russian-backed forces from Ukraine.
"All the troops on Ukrainian territory are Russian, they are Russian citizens," he alleged, adding that separatist leaders were from the Russian secret service. "If that continues, it is a real war."
Poroshenko said that Ukraine had seen 18 soldiers killed and 33 injured in the past week, while the separatists had shown "no negotiation, no sign of compromise."
But he held out hope for last-minute negotiations Friday and said he could not yet say whether the military action against the separatists would resume.
At the same time, he made clear that in his mind, the Russian annexation of Crimea -- which has an ethnic Russian majority -- cannot stand. Crimea is Ukrainian, he said.
He made the same point Friday when he said that "all Ukraine, including Crimea" will be associated with the EU.
Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since the annexation in March when Russia also massed troops along its western border with Ukraine.
Cease-fire extended
Poroshenko's office announced Friday a 72-hour extension of a fragile cease-fire that was declared last week.
That means that, by late Monday night, the Kiev government expects that all hostages will be released, all international border checkpoints will be taken out of separatists' hands and the militants' recruiting offices in Russia will close down.
At the same time, the Ukrainian government says it still reserves the right to use force in any areas where the cease-fire is not being universally accepted.
In fact, there have been plenty of examples of violence since the original cease-fire was declared.
On Thursday, for instance, a Ukrainian national guard base came under attack in Donetsk, Anti-Terrorist Operation unit spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said. Ukrainian troops were able to repel the attack but braced for another assault.
Two days earlier, Ukrainian authorities said pro-Russia militants shot down a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine, killing nine.
Kiev and the West have accused Russia of failing to take concrete steps to ease the crisis.
NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen urged Moscow this week "to create conditions for the implementation of the peace plan, to end its support for separatist troops, and to stop the flow of weapons and fighters across its border."
Putin has shown signs of detente.
At his request, Russia's upper house of parliament voted Wednesday to revoke the President's right to use troops in Ukraine.
Redistricting
● Michigan: Michigan is well on its way toward voting on a state constitutional amendment ballot measure in 2018 that would establish an independent redistricting commission: Reformers just announced that they've collected more than 300,000 petition signatures. The volunteer-based effort needs to submit 316,000 signatures before mid-February, and organizers set a goal of over 400,000 signatures to ensure that enough of them are actually valid.
● North Carolina: In late October, the federal district court hearing a challenge to North Carolina's state legislative districts appointed Stanford professor Nathaniel Persily as a nonpartisan "special master" to assist the court in anticipation that it would reject some of the GOP's redrawn districts. Now things are moving ahead: On Wednesday, the judges ordered Persily to draw new districts by Dec. 1 to remedy the constitutional violations that likely persist in the maps Republican legislators had passed earlier in 2017 to comply with a previous ruling that struck down their original 2011 districts for illegally diminishing the power of black voters.
​At issue are two districts in the state Senate and seven in the state House that the court indicated were likely unconstitutional under the GOP's maps. Redrawing them would also affect several adjacent seats. Although the court has not (yet) ruled that these districts violate the Constitution, their directive for Persily to begin drawing alternate boundaries almost certainly means it will reject the GOP's redraw and institute lines of its own.
Specifically, the court indicated that two Senate seats and two House seats still maintained elements of illegal racial gerrymandering. The judges also suggested that five House seats violated a state constitutional ban on mid-decade redistricting by the legislature. A court can of course order new lines be drawn between censuses, as has happened her, but Republican lawmakers had used this order as opportunity to strengthen vulnerable incumbents in seats that did not need to be redrawn in order to satisfy the court's earlier rulings.
In the end, if the court winds up drawing at least some districts on its own, that would be the best outcome for voting rights, black voters, and consequently Democrats, too. However, with the court now likely to do just that, Republican legislators will almost certainly appeal to the Supreme Court again. Fortunately, the district court's expedited timeline would leave room for new districts to be in place by the 2018 general election if its upcoming ruling survives an appeal. Democrats only need to gain four House seats to be able to break the GOP's supermajority and sustain Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper's vetoes, and a favorable ruling could help make that happen more easily in 2018.
Voter Suppression
● Indiana: The nonpartisan reform group Common Cause has filed a lawsuit against Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson, a Republican, alleging that she violated the National Voter Registration Act by illegally conducting mass purges of voter registration. Their lawsuit is similar to one that the League of Women voters and the NAACP filed back in August.
Both suits argue that Lawson's use of the Interstate Voter Registration Crosscheck database system promoted by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who leads Trump's voter suppression commission, is illegal. Crosscheck is notorious for using a faulty data matching that inevitably yields scores of false positives for every one improper registration it might find because it only compares first names, last names, and birthdates, which many people undoubtedly share in a country with over 200 million voters.
Lawson announced back in April that her office had purged roughly 10 percent of the entire state's registered voters since the 2016 elections. These lawsuits seek to force Lawson to stop using Crosscheck to purge voters it claims are improperly registered in multiple states.
● North Carolina: On Tuesday, a panel of superior court judges told the state Supreme Court that they would have rejected Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper's challenge to a new law that the Republican-dominated legislature passed earlier in 2017, which blocks Democrats from Seating majorities on the state elections board and its county-level counterparts. This same lower-court panel dismissed Cooper's lawsuit earlier this year by claiming they lacked the jurisdiction to hear it, but the Supreme Court ordered it to re-examine the case and tell the high court how it would have ruled if the superior court judges thought they had jurisdiction.
This ruling is a setback for Cooper, but it sets the stage for a likely appeal to the Supreme Court on the merits of the lawsuit, which seeks to block the new law so that Cooper can appoint Democratic majorities to these boards, which in turn could roll back voter suppression measures that Republicans passed when they controlled these panels under GOP Gov. Pat McCrory. But although Democrats hold a four-to-three majority on the Supreme Court, the superior court's ruling was both bipartisan and unanimous, meaning there's no guarantee the high court will rule in Cooper's favor.
Felony Disenfranchisement
● California: Organizers in California are attempting to put a state constitutional amendment initiative on the ballot that would end felony disenfranchisement, and they attained initial approval to begin gathering signatures on Monday. Like most states, California still disenfranchises citizens who are currently incarcerated or on parole for a felony conviction, even though those on probation or who have completed their sentences automatically regain their voting rights. This proposal would end felony disenfranchisement completely, making California the third state to do so after Maine and Vermont.
Proponents now have 180 days to begin gathering the 585,000 valid signatures needed for the proposed amendment to appear on the November 2018 general election ballot. California's felony disenfranchisement rules are less stringent than those in most of the country, but its sheer size means this measure could re-enfranchise a considerable number of voters. The Sentencing Project estimates that 136,000 prisoners are currently disenfranchised in California, as are an additional 86,000 who are on parole, meaning this proposal would restore voting rights for roughly 223,000 citizens if it passes, or 0.7 percent of the state's voting age population. But despite California's laxer regime, black adults are six times likelier to be disenfranchised than those who aren't black, a pattern seen throughout the country.
● Florida: Proponents of ending Florida's lifetime ban on voting for those with felony convictions say they have gathered 750,000 signatures for a proposed ballot initiative that would automatically restore rights upon the completion of sentences for all but the most heinous crimes. Backers need 766,000 valid signatures, and they hope to break 1 million by the end of 2017 so that they have a cushion for when some signatures are invalidated. However, Florida's elections division has so far only verified 301,000 signatures, although that number is unofficial. Initiative organizers have until Feb. 1 to submit signatures.
Election Administration
● Detroit, MI: When Detroiters head to the polls next Tuesday to vote in their local election for mayor, they'll also be choosing their city clerk, whose office administers the very same elections they're voting in. MIRS News has commissioned a recent poll from Target-Insyght of the city's races, and the survey shows the clerk's race is very much up for grabs, as incumbent Janice Winfrey leads challenger and fellow Democrat Garlin Gilchrist by just a 42-35 margin. These results also represent a serious tightening from the August primary, in which Winfrey led Gilchrist 51-20.
This race will be one to watch next week because Detroit in particular earned awful headlines for its handling of the 2016 presidential race, with a post-election audit concluding there were “an abundance of human errors” by election administrators that contributed to the problem. Gilchrist, who serves as Detroit's technology director, is consequently challenging Winfrey on a platform of modernizing the city's election administration and improving access to voting. Doing so could subsequently prove critical for future elections in a state that Trump won by just 10,704 votes, given that Detroit is the most heavily Democratic big city in America.
Crime
Hyderabad recorded 236.1 crimes per lakh of population. Delhi, by comparison, saw 1,263.9 crimes.
The city of Hyderabad is one of the safest metropolitan centres in the country, data released by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) shows.
For the first time, the NCRB has published data on crime rates in 19 metropolitan cities with populations over 2 million.
Hyderabad ranked 18th in the list, registering 236.1 crimes for every one lakh of population in 2016. By comparison, Delhi, which topped the list, recorded 1,263.9 crimes per lakh of population. Only Kolkata recorded a lower rate of crime, with 176.9 crimes for every lakh of population.
For crimes recorded under the Indian Penal Code, Hyderabad contributed to 3.3% of the total crimes, while Delhi contributed to 38.8%.
The NCRB data also shows that the number of crimes in Hyderabad have declined since 2014. While 2014 saw 21,893 crimes being recorded, this number dropped to 18,957 in 2015, and a little further to 18,295 in 2016.
Among these, the number of murders dropped from 106 in 2015 to 86 last year.
A similar trend was noticed in Telangana.
Crimes against women
However, while cases of crime have dropped in Telangana and its capital, crimes against women, including rape and 'cruelty by husband or his relatives' have risen in Hyderabad.
The NCRB said that Hyderabad recorded 2,419 crimes against women, out of which 1,311 cases dealt with cruelty by husbands or relatives. This was the second highest figure noted in this category among all 19 metropolitan cities. Delhi stood first here with 3,645 cases of cruelty.
Cases of assault on women with intent to outrage their modesty and cases of sexual harassment were also rising in the state, the NCRB noted.
However, the Hyderabad police attributed this spurt to more incidents being reported in the open, thanks to the SHE team initiative, and Bharosa Centres.
Overall, 15,374 cases of crime against women were registered across Telangana in 2016, compared to 15,425 cases in 2015.
Also Read:
Not strangers, most Indian women and children were raped by people they knew
Karnataka tops in crimes against children in south India, UP fares worst in country
UP worst state for Dalits with 10k atrocity cases, AP has most cases in south India
Bengaluru, Chennai record highest crimes among south metros in India: NCRB data
High court of Australia to decide on power to send asylum seekers to Nauru as PNG challenge contends Manus Island regime unconstitutional
Australia's offshore detention regime faces the most serious challenge to its legal foundation since it was re-established in 2012, with two unrelated but coincident court challenges holding the potential to dramatically restrict – or affirm – Australia's right to send asylum seekers to detention offshore.
On Wednesday the full bench of the high court of Australia will decide on the government's power to remove 267 asylum seekers, including 39 children and 33 babies who were born in Australia, to Nauru.
The lead case in the high court challenge is a Bangladeshi woman – named in court documents as M68 – who was detained on Nauru but brought to Australia in the latter stages of her pregnancy.
The court challenge, brought by the Human Rights Law Centre, challenges the right of the Australian government to detain people on foreign soil.
Australia's 'abusive refugee policies' criticised in damning international report Read more
The HRLC argues the Australian government's detention of asylum seekers in a foreign country infringes the constitutional limits imposed by the separation of powers.
The government argues it has the power to send people to Nauru and that it is not responsible for detention on the island. It also passed retrospective laws allowing it to fund and participate in the detention of people in foreign countries.
Two days before the case came before the high court, the Nauru detention centre became an “open” centre, allowing asylum seekers to move about the whole island. The Australian government then argued in court the people being sent to Nauru were not “in detention” there, so the question of the government's authority was moot.
The immigration minister, Peter Dutton, has declined to comment before the court's decision but said the court would assess all the specific facts of the case.
If the high court decides in favour of the government in M68, people could start being transported to Nauru as early as Saturday – the government is required to give 72 hours' notice of any move.
However, if the decision goes against the government, it may move people to Christmas Island, where the Phosphate Hill family detention centre has recently been refurbished, reportedly as a contingency.
Daniel Webb from the HRLC said the high court's decision had the potential to profoundly alter Australia's offshore detention regime. But, he said, regardless of the high court's decision, the government retained the power to release the asylum seekers into the Australian community.
“The high court could decide the future of the offshore detention arrangements but Malcolm Turnbull and Peter Dutton will need to decide the future of our clients,” he said.
Child refugees tell of bullying on Nauru: 'They are rude to us, they punch us' Read more
“Whatever the high court decides, the stroke of a pen is all it would take for Malcolm Turnbull or Peter Dutton to do the decent things and let these families start rebuilding their lives in safety.”
However, as well as M68 in the Australian high court, the supreme court of Papua New Guinea is hearing a challenge that contends the offshore detention regime that currently houses more than 900 men on Manus Island is unconstitutional.
The PNG constitution guarantees “liberty of the person”, “right to freedom of movement” and “freedom from inhuman treatment”, as well as the right to access PNG courts and have access to a lawyer.
A PNG lawyer, Ben Lomai, argues asylum seekers have been denied these fundamental rights and that the state is required to release the men back to their first port of entry, Australia. He will argue PNG is also liable to pay compensation to them.
The court's decision could have the power to close Manus.
Tension is building on both offshore detention islands before the court proceedings.
The Nauruan government issued a warning to asylum seekers and refugees that they are not allowed to protest.
The justice minister, David Adeang, said violence would not be tolerated and protests could not block roads. He said asylum seeker and refugee protests created tension between refugees and locals.
Tim Wilson: government should apologise over sacked Nauru Save the Children staff Read more
“We consider our refugee friends as guests in our country and we work hard to make their lives comfortable but sadly there is a small element of troublemakers who don't care about Nauru and don't value our hospitality,” Adeang said.
Meanwhile, in PNG, Wilson Security's emergency response team has been conducting regular raids of the Manus detention centre, seizing asylum seekers' phones and stripping rooms of anything they think could be used as a weapon, including clothes racks.
One asylum seeker said: “Everyone is scared and nervous about the high court decision. The ERT is marching in the compounds to build tension, they raid rooms and get people's phones.
“Every one of us is mentally sick here, none of us even wants to do peaceful protest. Wilson's are training every night in the field. They say ‘we are ready for everything'.”
A senior immigration department source in Canberra told Guardian Australia the government was “seriously worried about more unrest” and anxious to avoid a return to the violence of February 2014, when three days of rioting and an invasion of the detention centre by PNG police resulted in more than 60 serious injuries to asylum seekers, including a man having his throat slit, another being shot and the fatal beating of Reza Barati.
Don Mattingly and Dodgers officials met in person Monday and recognized they really, really liked each other, but both had doubts about moving forward together.
And the liking each other did not overcome the doubts.
So Thursday, the Dodgers announced the sides had “mutually agreed” Mattingly would not return for the final year on his managerial contract in 2016.
The split was described by people on both sides as amicable, and the relationship was always that. A new, highly paid front office led by president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman inherited Mattingly when it took over last offseason and quickly appreciated Mattingly as a person and baseball man. Mattingly also enjoyed the support of the Guggenheim ownership group, particularly operating partner Mark Walter.
But those around Mattingly described a job that had become too often joyless. The Dodgers built a $300 million-plus payroll and, along with it, a World Series-or-bust mentality. That mandate and the constant questions about his job security wore on him.
At the meeting Monday, Mattingly was told he would not be given a significant extension, which told him the Dodgers were in, but not all the way in with him. He returned home Monday night to Evansville, Ind., the sides talked a few more times and Wednesday night team officials were crafting the words in the press release that would announce this divorce.
Mattingly wants to manage again, so he is currently not interested in the Yankees' hitting coach vacancy, friends of his told The Post. He is considered a strong candidate for the Marlins' managerial opening and could be in play for the Nationals.
The Dodgers had not finalized a list of candidates, but their director of player development, Gabe Kapler, is likely to be on the list, if not near the top. He played for Friedman's Rays in 2009-10 and did scouting and development work for the organization from 2011 to 2013. He was known to be well regarded by Tampa Bay's front office.
As for Mattingly, ultimately Dodgers officials decided they would prefer their own guy. Mattingly adapted well to the analytical bent of the Dodgers front office, but is not a devotee of advanced statistics. There were questions within the Dodgers clubhouse about who was making lineup decisions: Mattingly, Mattingly in collaboration with the front office or a complete front-office dictate. Mattingly would use the word “we” when talking about how decisions were made about who was playing and where in the order he was batting.
But if anything created tension in the organization, it was the front office felt it had to clean up messes in the clubhouse because Mattingly was not good with confrontation. Last offseason, the Dodgers did not sign free agent Hanley Ramirez, traded Matt Kemp and released Brian Wilson in the name of improving chemistry. Still, Yasiel Puig was left behind, as were a swath of expensive players who were expecting to play daily and in some cases weren't.
Despite all that, Mattingly became the first manager in Dodgers history to win three straight division titles. Mattingly never finished below .500, and had a .551 regular-season winning percentage. However, his clubs went 8-11 in the postseason, never advanced to the World Series and this year were knocked out by the Mets in the NL Division Series despite having — by far — the largest payroll ever.
The University of Wisconsin-Madison has received more than $700,000 from the federal government to fund “unconscious bias” training for its professors.
The National Institutes of Health has awarded the public university two federal grants totaling $723,637 to fund a five-year study that seeks to promote opportunities for female and minority students by identifying implicit biases among their instructors. The first grant, awarded in June of 2015, amounted to $402,774, and in February the NIH kicked in a second grant worth $320,863.
“This training...can help scientists ‘walk in the shoes' of younger colleagues and become more effective mentors.”
The study, entitled “Breaking the Bias Cycle for Future Scientists: A Workshop to Learn, Experience, and Change,” was inspired by research demonstrating that “the mere existence of cultural stereotypes about racial and ethnic groups can invisibly and inadvertently impede opportunities for underrepresented minority students,” and seeks to identify and eliminate such unconscious thought patterns among faculty members.
“The education plan's overarching objective is to train the mentors of students about the concepts of implicit or unconscious bias, the effects of these biases on underrepresented minority students in training, and the strategies to mitigate race-based bias within labs, departments, and institutions,” the grant description states.
[RELATED: Oregon State workshop to teach ordering Starbucks is an implicit bias]
The grant proposal outlines three main objectives of the study, saying that in addition to emerging with a fully-developed “Breaking the Bias Cycle” workshop and a complementary “train the trainer” program for about 450 “research mentors,” the project leaders also hope to devise “an Implicit Association Test (IAT) for race/science bias” and other training materials that can be used for “further outreach and dissemination.”
[RELATED:Oregon releases list of bias incidents]
According to Meredith Mcglone, UW's Director of News and Media Relations, the training will be voluntary, and will be primarily targeted at professors in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) disciplines, though the workshop is encouraged for faculty in other fields, as well.
“This training, based on research that suggests all of us have implicit biases that can affect the way we treat others, can help scientists ‘walk in the shoes' of younger colleagues and become more effective mentors,” Mcglone told Campus Reform. “This grant provides voluntary training for STEM researchers (science, technology, engineering and math); however, it would be appropriate for other fields as well.”
[RELATED: Carleton College profs call bias incident reporting ‘a grave mistake']
The results from the study, which UW anticipates will be completed in 2020, are eventually intended to be used as guidelines for implementing implicit bias training at other universities, based on the belief that “unconscious bias” hinders women and minorities from majoring in science in college.
“Our country cannot afford to lose talented scientists,” Mcglone told Campus Reform. “Yet studies show that's exactly what's happening, simply because faculty mentors and their institutions don't have the information and skills they need to help all young scientists thrive.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @morgan_walker95
The most recent was June 10 when a Toronto photographer plunged to his death at Albion Falls.
"We're trying to hammer home the point, 'Please don't go into a prohibitive area,'" Jackson said. "If somebody is going to put themselves in that area, there is going to be consequences to it."
Jackson still doesn't support charging the cost of rope rescues to trespassers but he agrees with the more severe penalty. The summons will go to anyone caught trespassing more than once or requiring a rope rescue even on the first time.
"It just might cause a greater amount of pause if they hear about this heavier fine and consequences," Jackson said. "Since the increased number of rope rescues primarily over the last four or five years, many of my constituents have advocated for pushing for this harsher type of measure."
It is also supported by Coun. Sam Merulla, who called it "regretful" the city has to seek higher penalties for those needing rescue.
"Zero tolerance speaks for itself," Merulla said. "This is a necessary step to protect people from themselves and the poor decision these individuals make that has real impact on our city financially and the ability to respond to non- self-imposed real emergencies."
While the Bruce Trail allows people to see Albion Falls, Lamanes says there are "no marked trails to allow anyone into the bottom of the falls."
"The Parks Bylaw does not allow anyone to enter a prohibited area, scale the sides or be in the water," Lamanes said in an email. "We ask people to respect the law and stay on the trail. If you enter the waterways or go to the bottom of the falls, you are breaking the law and putting Emergency Crews at risk."
Bylaw enforcement officers are charging all trespassers found in prohibited areas at the east Mountain waterfall.
The public works department will install new map signs clearly identifying locations of trails, viewing platforms and other safe places to see the falls.
It will also mark where to park, which has been another major issue. Illegal parking has caused issues for emergency vehicles trying to reach those needing rescue at the city's waterfalls.
Over the past month alone, the city has issued 284 parking tickets at Albion Falls.
jfrketich@thespec.com
905-526-3349 | @Jfrketich
Shares
55px – IS-sympatisör släppt av Säpo – kan inte utvisas https://t.co/Zb6aE6Ot2Q — aftonfonten (@aftonfonten) May 26, 2017
A Syrian man locked up in Sweden on terrorism charges has been acquitted and set free in an appeals procedure, even though it was proven that the 30-year-old suspect supported the jihadist terror network Islamic State and also frequently contacted members of the group by phone.
When the Malmö District Court earlier this spring set the migrant free of terrorism charges, Sweden's security service SAPO immediately detained the man and kept him in government custody in advance of this second trial. SAPO considered the jihadist “too dangerous to reside in Sweden,” daily Aftonbladet reports. The man had been accused of committing an arson attack in last year's autumn against a Malmö community centre visited by Shiite Muslims. Sunni radicals, such as ISIS sympathisers, consider the Shi'a to be ‘heretics'.
Soon after the suspect had entered Sweden with his wife and kids in 2015, SAPO intercepted telephone calls in which he stated to have “travelled to Europe in order to carry out Jihad” and that he is “a State's soldier”, referring to the shrinking caliphate in Syria and Iraq. Therefore, the security service demanded his expulsion from Swedish territory.
Apparently, even though the Islamic militant himself wants to leave Sweden, the Scandinavian country is unable to deport him since in his homeland Syria he would possibly “face the death penalty or imprisonment,” one of the judges had stated according to Expressen. In response to criticism, SAPO stated that even though a suspect is released he “can still be under surveillance.”
Political concerns
The parliamentary spokesperson for the Liberals, Roger Haddad, stated in a press release that he was concerned by the acquittal and subsequent release of the radical immigrant:
The Nintendo Switch has a huge problem: If you break yours, all your save files die with it.
The 70 hours you spent in "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild"? Gone, like it never existed.
And given the nature of the Switch, as both a handheld and a home console, it's entirely possible that you'll drop the Switch and break it. It's basically a little tablet; it's like 90% screen. And that's before we start talking about how Nintendo consoles are primarily aimed at younger gamers — exactly the kind of folks who are prone to accidentally dropping things.
There's a simple solution to this issue that Nintendo's competition figured out long ago: cloud saves. On both the Xbox One and PlayStation 4, your game save files can be backed up to the cloud. If your box breaks, your game saves are safely waiting for you in a cloud server. Convenient!
But, for some bizarre reason, Nintendo chose not to adopt this kind of system with its Switch console — a game console released in the year 2017. Nintendo also doesn't allow you to manually back up save files to a microSD card.
Even more bizarre? When asked about this problem, Nintendo America president Reggie Fils-Aime seemingly disregards it as an issue.
"I can't say there's a solution coming, but we do hear the message," he told Kotaku in an interview from the annual E3 trade show in Los Angeles. And that's it! He moves on.
It's this type of blasé disregard that infuriates Nintendo fans. "We hear you, but I can't say if we're doing anything about it," isn't a response — it's both an acknowledgement and a deferral. It's an especially baffling response considering that Nintendo might actually be doing something about this issue, but it's the kind of non-response that Nintendo fans are no doubt accustomed to hearing.
For now, try your best not to drop your Switch.
New club procedures at UC Berkeley give police effective veto power over campus events
By Gabriel Black and Joseph Santolan
17 October 2017
The University of California, Berkeley issued an interim campus policy August 14 that authorizes the UC Berkeley Police Department (UCPD) to review all student events, determine whether or not they deem that these events require a police presence, and compel student organizations to pay the cost of the police presence that the police mandate.
The policy is currently undergoing public review, but no one, not even the Berkeley campus paper, the Daily Cal, has reported on it, nor has any group organized a meeting on the topic. This may in part be an expression of the fact that it is now almost impossible to organize meetings on the Berkeley campus. At the end of October, the public review period on this anti-democratic measure will close, and the policy will become permanent at the beginning of January.
The new policy is an attack on free speech that prevents student organizations from presenting their views on campus. The police on campus have effectively been given the power to censor organizations by charging them money to hold controversial political events on campus.
All events must be submitted for approval by the administration eight weeks prior to their scheduled date, and groups must seek approval from the police six weeks in advance. It is impossible under such conditions for a student organization to respond to any current development. A request to hold a protest rally on Sproul Plaza in response to current developments, such as the repeal of DACA, a vital and long-standing tradition at Berkeley, would automatically be denied.
According to the memorandum, events that involve over 200 people, or which the police deem worthy of scrutiny, will be treated as “major events.” The police thus become the first and last arbiter of campus speech. They are authorized to select which events to scrutinize and can charge for “services rendered,” running any impoverished student organization into the ground. Free speech will be for those the police deem safe, or those wealthy enough to afford it.
If its event is deemed “major” by the police, the petitioning student group must submit its request directly to the police department in order to secure a room. The student group must then fill out a “Police Services Request” form, supplied by the UCPD, which legally obliges the student organization to cover all costs associated with policing the event.
To secure a room on campus, student organizations must provide a payment option to the UCPD. One of the options is to submit to the police a check—necessarily blank because the police have not yet informed the group what costs they will incur. There is no assurance given to the student organization that costs, once agreed upon, will not change. A request for clarification on whether costs can change after the initial agreement is reached has not received a response.
The International Youth and Students for Social Equality has already been impacted by this anti-democratic process. In late September the Berkeley IYSSE applied for David North, the chairperson of the International Editorial Board of the WSWS and a leading expert on the Russian Revolution, to deliver a lecture at UC Berkeley in late October on the centenary of the Russian Revolution. The request was initially denied without any reason being given. On October 6, the IYSSE was informed that its request required processing by the UCPD because it had indicated that David North would be the event's speaker. The event, in other words, was being singled out for its political content.
The IYSSE immediately submitted a request for the event to the UCPD and included a list of questions seeking clarification on the process. The IYSSE asked if its event had been deemed a “major” event, and who had reached such a decision and on what grounds. The club inquired how students, with limited funds, were supposed to hand over a blank check to the police department and a signature guaranteeing that the club would pay for all expenses, without any knowledge of what those expenses might prove to be.
At the time of writing, the UCPD has not responded to the request and questions of the IYSSE. The lengthy turnaround involved in this process—the request was initially submitted in late September—effectively prevents student groups from organizing and advertising their events.
These measures are the direct result of the pressure tactics of the leaders of the Antifa movement. In the spring semester thousands of students gathered to protest the appearance of right-wing provocateur, Milo Yiannopoulos, at UC Berkeley. Most assembled to state their political disagreement with his views. Antifa activists, however, claimed that they needed to physically shut down his event to prevent “fascism” from growing on campus and to pressure the University administration to ban the event.
Mark Bray, in his book Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook, sympathetically describes Antifa's vandalism as an appeal to the campus police to ban Yiannopoulos: “In the days leading up to the event, students had met with the chancellor, written op-eds, amassed a petition—all to no avail.
“On the night of Yiannopoulos's speech, shortly before it was scheduled to begin, black-clad anti-fascists arrived at the larger ongoing demonstration and started to pull down police barricades, launch fireworks, smash windows, and spray-paint graffiti, causing what was later estimated to be $100,000 worth of damage. And what weeks of advocacy, argumentation, and public dialogue could not accomplish was instead achieved in about fifteen minutes, as the police quickly announced the cancellation of the event, citing security concerns.”
Antifa bases its politics on appealing, by violent means if necessary, to the administrative officials to carry out political censorship on campus. The methods of Antifa provide the University administration with a pretext for which it has long sought to harass and repress left-wing organizations.
Last year a student course titled “Palestine: a settler colonial analysis,” was suspended on spurious procedural grounds before the administration admitted that it halted the class because it believed it was “political indoctrination.” Earlier in 2016, the UC Regents proposed a motion that would treat all opposition to Zionism as anti-Semitism, until protests made the regents change the text of the resolution slightly.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Bitwig has given Bitwig Studio license holders access to the latest beta version in anticipation of the official release in October 2015. The entire Bitwig community can now test the new features of version 1.2, Bitwig Studio's most significant update.
Key Features Of The Bitwig Studio 1.2 Beta:
Group Tracks - When building up a Bitwig Studio project, the individual parts can get out of hand. In most cases, there comes a point when it's essential to get a handle on the mix in the most efficient way. Group Tracks is a tried and true way to quickly manage multiple parts of a mix at once. Tracks that have common mix or tonality settings can be set in groups to minimize large sections of a project.
Pop-up Browser - To accelerate the browsing workflow, all devices in Bitwig Studio 1.2 feature the Pop-Up icon. This advanced browsing feature appears in a new window that uses Bitwig Studio's tagging system to eliminate the boundaries between devices. The result is a meta view of all available sounds in one category. Searching for the right bass? It doesn't matter if it's a Polysynth preset or a sample, you now have the freedom to audition all your content in place while playing on the fly. Use the Pop-Up Browser to find the right sound quickly and to get back to what is most important, making music.
Histogram Display for Dynamic Devices - Several audio devices in Bitwig Studio 1.2 feature a new window into a visual environment illustrating the dynamics of sound over time. The Histogram Display makes use of scale, light, shade, and volume on an XY grid to visualize sounds. The result can be found on the Audio Mod, Compressor, Dynamics, LFO Mod, Peak Meter, Gate and Transient Control devices. The Histogram Display allows for quick analysis of device settings as they dynamically affect sound using animated graphic displays.
Project Templates - Project Templates eliminate repetitive tasks by predefining the most commonly used project setups for the style of production you work with most often.
Customizable Shortcuts - Extending on the freedom that exists throughout Bitwig Studio, customizable shortcuts are now available. Now it's easy to see the factory shortcuts available for anyone to change, and all the parameters to which can be freely assigned. The shortcuts feature is now available in the Bitwig Studio preferences.
Per Project Mappings - Bitwig Studio makes every effort to eliminate the boundary between controllers and those who use them. This is immediately noticeable from community designed controller scripts or the newly enhanced MIDI mapping functionality. The depth of these mappings can get extremely detailed, and keeping track of their unique settings in each project is no small task. In the 1.2 update a new finger-pointing icon in the lower right of the project window. Pressing this icon reveals a new mapping panel. The mapping panel keeps track of any parameter mapped to a controller or computer keyboard and is completely editable.
Expressive MIDI Support - In the past few years, multi-dimensional controllers have pushed the boundaries of MIDI, and created a gap between the degrees of freedom they are capable of and what DAWs and plug-ins were designed to utilize. Multi-dimensional controllers send gestural data that most software is not equipped to deal with, which limits the creative use of multi-dimensional controllers. By supporting this preliminary standard, Bitwig Studio 1.2 is among the first DAWs capable of capturing and utilizing the precise features of the most advanced MIDI controllers available on the market today.
The following additional features can be found in the Beta as well:
Oscilloscope.
Device Inspector.
Delay-4.
Expand Clip Height.
High-DPI and Retina Display Support.
Jack Support + Jack Transport.
Poly to Mono Modulation Mappings.
Pressure Note Expression.
Roger Linn "LinnStrument" Support.
Roli "Seaboard" Support.
The current version of Bitwig Studio has also been updated to v1.1.11.
Changes:
Erick Thohir, President of Inter, was very satisfied after the win on penalties in the friendly against Real Madrid. Sure, it was still a friendly match against a team much altered, but the progress over the last year seems obvious: “I liked the defensive organization against the European champions. I saw a lot of intensity and couldn't be anything else, also because it was a real game and the players were good to immerse themselves in the climate of battle that was created in the field – reports the Corriere dello Sport -. What will be the objectives for the next season? With the arrival of Medel and a quality attacker we could reach Champions,” assured the Indonesian.
In short, the President of Nerazzurri enjoys the progress of his Inter and doesn't hide it. He knows that he is building a competitive team, which is playing better and will give a lot of satisfaction to the fans and to him in the first place this season.
Source: fcinternews.it
Illinois Court Says State's Cyberstalking Law Is Unconstitutional
from the also,-its-analogstalking-law dept
One of several problems with hastily-enacted laws meant to deal with advances in technology is that they often skip a step or several when being written. In many cases, the step skipped is an important one: the consideration of intent. By crafting laws that cater to subjective views of a situation -- whether it's meant to address cyberbullying or other forms of online harassment -- the laws blow past, sometimes intentionally, the requirement that there be malicious intent behind the targeted actions.
This has led to courts striking down newly-enacted laws as unconstitutional because they have skipped this step. Without this requirement in place, the laws curb free speech by enacting new limits on First Amendment expression based almost solely on subjective reading of the allegedly "criminal" content.
The Illinois Appeals Court is the latest to find a cyberstalking/harassment law invalid. The problem here is, again, the lack of a mens rea requirement. (h/t Orin Kerr)
The stalking case that triggered this review [PDF] deals with a former intern at a Christian radio station who apparently couldn't take "no" for an answer, or just genuinely had no idea how to obtain a definitive answer on his current job status. It all depends on who you ask. But as the law was written, the only person who needed to be asked was the complainant.
Defendant was charged by indictment with two counts of stalking and two counts of cyberstalking. In particular, the indictments collectively alleged that defendant: (1) called Sonya Blakey on the telephone; (2) sent her emails; (3) stood outside of her place of business; (4) entered her place of business; and (5) made multiple posts on his Facebook page threatening Blakey's coworkers and expressing his desire to engage in sexual acts with Blakey. The indictments further alleged that defendant “knew or should have known” that his conduct “would cause a reasonable person to suffer emotional distress” and “fear for her safety.”
The indictment makes the defendant [Walter Relerford] sound more than a bit dangerous. The actual events that triggered this prosecution, however, are not nearly as evil-sounding. Blakey testified that multiple emails were sent not just to her, but other employees at the station -- all of them inquiring about the possibility of working there again after being turned down for an open intern position. She also testified that the incident in which the defendant "stood outside her place of business" involved nothing more than him waving up at her from ground level -- at a complex where multiple businesses, including several restaurants, were located.
The defendant's unexpected visit to the business was just that. Blakey may have subjectively experienced shock or fear, but the defendant left peaceably when escorted from the building and made no movements or statements suggesting he posed any threat to Blakey.
The Facebook posts made by the defendant were a bit more disturbing, containing thinly-veiled threats related to Blakey and the station's refusal to give him a job. There were also comments of a sexual nature made. Also included were other things entirely unrelated to anything -- like a group of "Chinese people" talking about "killing everyone at the station" and the insistence that "the entire Michigan State football team from 1993" be immediately "buried" if he did not have "Sonya [Blakey's] vagina in his mouth" by the end of the week.
These posts were definitely more disturbing than anything Relerford had done prior. But they weren't tagged with Sonya Blakey's name (making them visible to her) and no attempt was made by Relerford to ensure Blakey saw them. Instead, a friend of Blakey's saw the posts and emailed them to her.
Blakey admitted during testimony that Relerford had never once threatened her directly. Instead, everything was based on how she felt about the interactions. And the way the law is crafted allows a single subjective viewpoint to steer prosecution… which is exactly what the court finds unconstitutional about the law.
The laws (both the regular stalking and cyberstalking version) had survived challenges before. But under the Supreme Court's Elonis decision, they no longer withstand Constitutional scrutiny.
As noted above, defendant was sentenced for violating subsection (a)(2) of the general stalking statute. That section criminalizes a wide range of conduct, including communicating to or about a person. But, like the statute at issue in Elonis, “communicating something is not what makes *** conduct ‘wrongful' ” under subsection (a)(2). (Emphasis in original.) Id. at ___, 135 S. Ct. at 2011. Instead, an individual's conduct is criminal under section (a)(2) if, and only if, the defendant “knows or should know” that it would cause “reasonable person” to “suffer *** emotional distress.” 720 ILCS 5/12-7.3(a)(2) (West 2012). Subsection (a)(2) contains no requirement that the individual actually intend to inflict emotional suffering on a person. Thus, as currently drafted, subsection (a)(2) bypasses “ ‘the conventional requirement for criminal conduct–awareness of some wrongdoing' ” in favor of a reasonable person standard of criminality.
Which leads to this determination about the state's older stalking law…
Accordingly, we hold that subsection (a)(2) of the general stalking statute, of which defendant was convicted and sentenced, lacks a mens rea requirement and is therefore facially unconstitutional under the due process clause of the fourteenth amendment.
As well as its cyber version:
Subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of the cyberstalking statute are virtually identical to subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of the general stalking statute. The principal difference is that the cyberstalking statute specifies that the defendant's course of conduct involved electronic communications. It necessarily follows then, that subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of the cyberstalking statute, which also lack a mens rea requirement, are facially unconstitutional under the due process clause of the fourteenth amendment for the same reason that subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) of the general stalking statute are unconstitutional.
The court doesn't instruct the legislature to fix the state's stalking laws, but it obviously can't leave the statutes the way they are and hope to prosecute anybody under them.
Filed Under: cyberstalking, harassment, illinois, malicious intent, mens rea, stalking
The Beauty of the Ancient Church Deep in the Heart of Texas
We welcome you to the Orthodox Church. The One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Orthodox Church is the oldest Christian Church on Earth, and St. Sophia is proud to be one of the oldest churches in downtown San Antonio.
Please come worship and fellowship with us at St. Sophia, also known as the Church of "Holy Wisdom". Our Divine Liturgy on Sundays preserves the profound, mystical, and Spirit-filled worship of the ancient Church. On Saturdays we prepare for Sunday Liturgy on Saturday evenings with Great Vespers at 6pm. On Sundays, prayer begins at 9am with Orthros ("Matins"), followed by the Divine Liturgy at 10am. Weekday services and feast days may be found on the church calendar.
Please join us for worship and more. We look forward to fellowshipping with you.
Upcoming Services and Events
Every building material has a theoretical limit which it can't be used beyond: at some point, the weight of material above is enough to crush what's below. Now, a team of engineers has worked out that limit for Lego—and it's surprisingly high.
A team of researchers from the Open University in the UK decided to settle speculation—including burning debates on Reddit—by tackling the question scientifically . As the BBC reports, here's how they did it.
Advertisement
Under pressure
To work out how high a tower can be before it crushes itself, you need to know two things: the mass of material, and its yield strength. The yield strength describes how much loading a material can take before it begins to deform.
Advertisement
To work that out, you need a fancy device called a hydraulic testing machine. So, the engineers took their test specimen—a 2x2 Lego brick—and placed it into device. Then they ratcheted it up until things started getting interesting. They sailed past 770 pounds and wondered if they were doing something wrong. Eventually, the load reached 950 pounds and the brick began to slowly deform—which is known as plastic failure.
It's not loud, it's not dramatic, but it was definitely the end of the lego brick, as you can see in the picture: it's squashed completely flat. Repeat experiments confirmed that the average 2x2 brick, each of which is made of ABS plastic in Lego's factories, can take 950 pounds.
Advertisement
Do the math
Once you know how much load a brick can take, then working out how tall you can build a tower is fairly easy. A normal 2x2 Lego brick weighs just 1.152g. From that, you can work out how many you need to create the whopping 950 pounds that the brick at the bottom of a tower could take.
To save you jumping for a calculator, turns out that figure is 375,000 bricks. You could pile 375,000 2x2 bricks on top of each other before the one at the bottom was crushed like in the experiments. Multiply that number by the height of the brick—which is 9.6 millimeters—and you realize that you could, theoretically, create a tower 2.17 miles high before anything went wrong.
Advertisement
It's also worth bearing in mind that clever Lego builders have a bunch of techniques at thier disposal to create taller towers by minimizing mass, and the researchers even believe that 1x2 bricks would likely withstand more. So in theory, an even taller tower could be made.
Advertisement
That is, however, all theory. In reality, crafting a 2 mile-tall tower would be virtually impossible: in real life, the loading wouldn't be perfectly equal or symmetric, so a tiny flaw in the structure would be massively amplified. Sorry. [BBC]
Image by BBC, Open University and Sami Niemelä
Photo
Fiction
MAN GONE DOWN
By Michael Thomas. Black Cat/Grove/Atlantic, paper, $14. This first novel explores the fragmented personal histories behind four desperate days in a black writer's life.
OUT STEALING HORSES
By Per Petterson. Translated by Anne Born. Graywolf Press, $22. In this short yet spacious Norwegian novel, an Oslo professional hopes to cure his loneliness with a plunge into solitude.
THE SAVAGE DETECTIVES
By Roberto Bolaño. Translated by Natasha Wimmer. Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $27. A craftily autobiographical novel about a band of literary guerrillas.
THEN WE CAME TO THE END
By Joshua Ferris. Little, Brown & Company, $23.99. Layoff notices fly in Ferris's acidly funny first novel, set in a white-collar office in the wake of the dot-com debacle.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
TREE OF SMOKE
By Denis Johnson. Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $27. The author of “Jesus' Son” offers a soulful novel about the travails of a large cast of characters during the Vietnam War.
In an update to its Window's Lifestyle Fact Sheet, Microsoft says it will offer support for Windows 10 for ten years.
The post notes that it will offer “mainstream security” support until 2020 and “extended security” support until 2025. The support lifestyle cycle is in keeping with both Windows 7 and 8.1.
That means consumers with Windows version 7 and 8.1 who upgrade within the first year of Windows 10 will continue to receive free security updates and fixes until 2025. Microsoft promoted the free upgrade earlier this year, saying it would keep registered devices current for the duration of the Windows 10 support life cycle. Updates to Windows will be free — no subscription fees.
The reason that early adopters are getting such a sweet deal is because Microsoft is changing the way it reports revenue for its software. Earlier this year Microsoft announced Windows 10 as Windows-as-a-service. Rather than forcing customers to pay for updates and fixes at specific times throughout the year, Microsoft will push updates as they happen and businesses will pay an annual subscription fee. This will allow Microsoft to issue fixes a lot more quickly when problems arise.
To issue those fixes, Microsoft needs to know there's a problem and that's where this free deal comes into play.
Past versions of Windows haven't always gone over so well, forcing Microsoft to give updates away for free to keep people invested in the platform. So now, rather than having to back-peddle with free updates, it's offering them upfront. The deal serves to keep diehard Windows users invested with a free upgraded operating system. In return, Microsoft gets feedback for upgrades it can push out fast. Ultimately, it's a win-win for both parties.
All this to say, users who upgrade to Windows 10 this year cash in big.
Via: The Ed Bott Report
Story highlights Authorities raid Coast Guard site that received the first emergency call
Video shows Coast Guard members rescuing the captain in his underwear
3 members of a shipping industry trade group accused of destroying evidence
A dad finds his dead son's cell phone video, which captured the chaos on the ship
South Korean authorities arrested three people Monday on suspicion of destroying evidence connected to the sinking of the ferry Sewol. Investigators also raided a Coast Guard office in a probe of how officials handled the first emergency call from a passenger.
The director and two other people with the Korea Shipping Association's Incheon office were arrested and accused of destroying evidence related to the probe of Chonghaejin, the company that owns the ferry, prosecutor Song In-taek said.
The Korea Shipping Association is a trade group that promotes the interests of the country's shipping industry.
The site raided was the Coast Guard building in Mokpo, which includes the South Jeolla province emergency center -- a facility that provides 119 services, akin to the 911 emergency service in the United States. Investigators are looking into possible dereliction of duty, said Yang Joong-jin, the chief prosecutor in Mokpo.
Police and prosecutors seized documents and recordings from the day of the ferry's sinking, state-run news agency Yonhap reported.c
The office received the first distress call from the ship when an 18-year-old boy dialed the 119 emergency number, the report said. "According to a transcript of the recording, a Coast Guard official asked the student to provide the latitude and longitude of his location, sparking criticism that authorities wasted crucial minutes before starting a rescue operation. The investigation team said it will analyze the work journals and transcripts of the recording to see whether the authorities properly fulfilled their duties," Yonhap added.
The arrests and raid follow a spate of detentions since the ferry disaster off the country's southwest coast on April 16. Nearly 200 bodies have been found, and more than 100 people are still missing.
JUST WATCHED Hero from ferry accident laid to rest Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH Hero from ferry accident laid to rest 03:38
JUST WATCHED South Korean Prime Minister resigns Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH South Korean Prime Minister resigns 01:02
The ship's captain and 14 other crew members have also been arrested. Prosecutors in Mokpo said all 15 crew members in charge of sailing and the engine room face charges of "causing death by abandoning (ship), and violation of the country's marine law, the Rescue and Aid at Sea and in the River Act."
Captain rescued in his underwear
Newly released video from the Coast Guard shows the captain of the ferry, Lee Joon-seok, being rescued in his shorts by Coast Guard members.
At a press conference Monday, two Coast Guard members defended Lee's rescue.
Capt. Kim Kyung-il said he didn't know he was helping the ferry's captain escape the ship.
"No, absolutely not. I didn't find out until later," Kim said. "During the rescue, people were just dropping from the ferry ... falling into the sea."
Coast Guard member Kim Yong-ki said it was difficult to distinguish between crew members and passengers.
"Everyone was wearing life vests so we couldn't tell who was crewed or who was a passenger," he said. "The life vest covers the uniform. We could see the sleeves but in that situation we are not thinking about that."
Final words of passengers
"Why can't they tell us what's going on?"
"Wow, it's tilting a lot. We're tilting to this side. Can't move."
"You think I'm really gonna die?"
A teenage boy who died on the sunken ferry captured these desperate moments on cell phone video, according to South Korean national TV network JTBC.
After the boy's body was found, authorities gave his father his cell phone. Its memory card was still intact.
But the father couldn't bear to watch the entire clip from the doomed ship. Instead, he gave the video to JTBC, which shared a roughly three-minute audio clip with CNN.
In the video, some appeared to take comfort in the fact they were wearing life vests.
"I'm wearing the life vest," one passenger says.
"I'm wearing one, too. I really have to," another replies.
But the life jackets didn't save everyone. Over the weekend, divers found the bodies of 48 girls -- wearing their life jackets -- pressed into a room too small for so many people.
The video also captured orders carried over the ship's loudspeaker:
"Once again, please do not move from your current location," a voice says. "Absolutely do not move."
Prime Minister resigns
South Korea's Prime Minister announced his resignation Sunday, taking responsibility for the slow initial reaction to the ferry's sinking.
Prime Minister Chung Hong-won explained his decision on national television. He apologized "on behalf of the government for the many problems that arose during the first response and the subsequent rescue operation," in addition to "problems that existed before the accident."
"During the search process, the government took inadequate measures and disappointed the public," Chung said. "I should take responsibility for everything as the prime minister, but the government can assume no more. So I will resign as prime minister."
Prosecutors have said that authorities have yet to determine what caused the sinking. But leading theories include changes made to increase the ferry's passenger capacity, and shifting cargo.
Google's approach to software increasingly centers around personalized recommendations and assistance. It will filter your email and surface only the messages you need to see, pop up alerts if your train line goes out of service, and even chat with you about the latest scores and trades from your favorite sports team. Today that same approach comes to Google's music service, Google Play, which is being revamped to focus on contextual recommendations.
Using machine learning and clues like location, activity, and weather, the app tries to serve up a smorgasbord of playlists that will match your mood and moment. "At a high level, Google's mission is to make the world of information really accessible and useful to people," said Elias Roman, the lead product manager for Google Play Music. Google Now might do that by suggesting you leave for the airport early to avoid bad traffic on the highway. "There is a role for Google to play in music that is similar."
Google Now for music
Every time you open the app, it completely refreshes what you see, trying to serve the perfect selection. Tapping the app on Saturday night I got options for a cocktail party playlist and some serious dancehall jams. When I opened it again late Sunday afternoon, I got offered a playlist for relaxing at home and another for cooking dinner. The interface, based on cards, feels a lot like Google Now, and so does the approach to just-in-time doses of pertinent information, in this case the tunes you need.
I am not a Google Play user by habit, so the service doesn't have a ton of information about me. If it did, the machine learning algorithms would try and get even more specific, putting a workout playlist in front of me when it sees my location matches the gym I visit every week, and swapping that out to show me a playlist for focusing when my location matches my office. If I traveled to a new country for the first time, it would pick up on this, and offer music to accompany my adventure or get me into the swing of local culture. Google Play Music relies on a diverse range of datasets connected to my Google account: from search history, to maps, to YouTube, and beyond.
I'm a big fan of Spotify and the products it has put forward in the last year around discovery. But while Discover Weekly and Release Radar have introduced me to a lot of new music I love, they aren't meant to match a certain mood or activity. They show up every Monday and Friday morning, and then they stay static until they refresh seven days later. Spotify has playlists for different moods, but they aren't refreshed nearly as often and don't have as much context about exactly where I am or what I'm doing to draw on.
Satisfying the moment, not expanding your horizons
The team behind Google Play Music came out of Songza, a New York City startup. That company was all about building playlists that matched a certain mood or activity, but users had to tell the app how they were feeling or what they were doing. "I've always been interested by the idea, is there a way to scale a personal DJ, someone who follows you around and knows exactly what you want to hear," says Elliott Breece, one of Songza's co-founders, along with Roman.
Google allowed them to achieve that scale by combining Songza's approach with a vast trove of information on users and powerful machine learning algorithms. It also made it possible to serve up a recommendation without prompting the user to input their current mood or activity. "If you want to use data to improve people's lives on a daily basis, music is the perfect fit," says Breece. "So many people spend so much time with it every day."
The TTC's workforce has a substance abuse problem that could put passengers and the public at serious risk if it's not immediately addressed, according to a court document filed by the transit agency. But a representative of the union that represents TTC workers calls the allegations of substance abuse “absolutely false.”
The TTC said the results of 11,000 drug and alcohol tests of its employees since 2010 “indicate that drug and alcohol use continues to be a significant problem for the TTC, a threat to its safe operation and to the safety of the public. ( Sang Tan / Associated Press file photo )
In a factum the TTC submitted ahead of a hearing this week on its proposed random drug and alcohol testing policy, the agency said that between October 2010 and December 2016 there were 291 documented incidents in which employees' behaviour raised safety concerns. In almost half of those the TTC either suspected or confirmed that drug or alcohol use was a factor. A transit agency investigator concluded there was a “culture of drug and alcohol use at the TTC” and reported 45 additional incidents of employees using or trafficking alcohol or drugs while at work, including marijuana, cocaine, heroin and prescription drugs such as OxyContin. The agency said that the results of 11,000 drug and alcohol tests of its employees since 2010 “indicate that drug and alcohol use continues to be a significant problem for the TTC, a threat to its safe operation and to the safety of the public… Each day without random testing increases the risk of irreparable harm to employees, passengers, and the public.”
Article Continued Below
The TTC submitted the 130-page document in response to a notice filed by the transit agency's union, Amalgamated Transit Union Local 113. The union, which represents over 10,000 transit workers, is seeking an injunction against the random drug testing policy that is slated to go into effect on March 1. A two-day hearing on the issue begins Tuesday at the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. In an interview, Kevin Morton, the secretary-treasurer of Local 113, refuted the TTC's depiction of endemic drug and alcohol use among its employees “We have the same issues as any organization — be it the police, fire, newspapers — with regards to the normal distribution of people with alcohol or drug problems,” he said. Morton said the union doesn't oppose the TTC's current substance abuse policies, which allow employees to be tested if there is “reasonable cause” to believe they were impaired during a significant work-related incident. Employees who are returning to work after violating the policy or undergoing addiction treatment are also subject to testing. The new policy, which the TTC board first approved in 2011, would allow management to test employees at random, using a breathalyzer to detect alcohol or an oral swab for drug use. Workers in “safety-sensitive” positions including vehicle operators, maintenance workers and supervisors would be eligible for testing, as would some management and executives.
The union argues the policy would violate employees' Charter right to be protected from unreasonable search and seizure. “We believe in incident-based testing. I shouldn't have to prove that I am innocent of anything,” Morton said. “I should be able to go to work on the assumption that I'm honest and dependable and clean.” According to the TTC's factum, between October 2010 and December 2016 there were 70 instances in which employees either tested positive for drug or alcohol use or refused to be tested following at-work incidents or when management believed there was reasonable cause to suspect impairment.
Article Continued Below
There were a further 46 incidents in which employees refused to be tested when they returned to work after violating the drug and alcohol policy or undergoing addiction treatment. The factum also states that at least 15 transit operators “that the TTC is aware of” were charged by police with impaired driving while at the wheel of a private vehicle. Although prospective employees are told that drug and alcohol testing is part of the job application process, 187 applicants to safety-sensitive positions returned positive drug tests. Agency spokesperson Brad Ross said that despite the statistics, transit riders shouldn't be afraid to ride the TTC. “The TTC is safe, of course,” he said in an email. But the new drug policy would ensure it was “even safer.” “If (the TTC) is aware of incidents of impairment in the workplace, it has a duty to act to protect its employees and the public, which it has done here.” In messages to the public, the transit agency normally stresses how safe it is, and it's unusual for it to claim in a public document that it has a potentially hazardous substance abuse problem among employees. But it may have had little choice. A 2013 Supreme Court decision prohibited random testing unless employers could prove there was an existing drug or alcohol problem in the workplace. This week's legal showdown comes at a time when the leadership of the TTC union has been thrown into disarray by an affiliation dispute that saw the executive board pass a no-confidence vote against Local 113 president Bob Kinnear last week. Morton, the local's secretary-treasurer, said the schism hadn't affected the union's ability to fight the policy. The random drug testing issue has been tied up in labour arbitration for years. Citing the slow movement of that process, the TTC decided last March to implement the policy without waiting for the arbitration outcome.
Just two years after producing Starship Troopers, a book beloved of right wing militarists everywhere, Robert Heinlein came up with Stranger in a Strange Land, in which guns are seen as "a great wrongness", personal and sexual liberation a "goodness", monotheistic religion no better than a carnival trick and making money an absurd diversion from the real business of life.
It's debatable whether this contrast is a testament to the variety of Heinlein's talents, the complexity of his politics or the dangers of taking anything written in a novel as an indication of a writer's own viewpoint. What is certain is that in its own way, Stranger In A Strange Land is just as effective as Starship Troopers. It might not be, as paperback covers declared it for years, "the most famous science fiction novel of all time", but having sold more than 5m copies, it's certainly among the most influential. Its enthusiastic promotion of free love made it a staple of the 1960s hippy movement. It gave birth to a word that entered common counter-cultural parlance ("grok", meaning, roughly, to understand fully and with empathy). Most notably of all it inspired a religion — The Church Of All Worlds — which survives to this day.
These achievements seem all the more impressive given that Heinlein pumped out all 222,000 words of the thing in just two months. It was too long, too controversial, and too damn strange for Heinlein's editor, who lopped 60,000 words off before its publication in 1961. Many consider Heinlein's original, published uncut in 1991, to be the better book, but I went for the shorter version — after all, that's the one that won the Hugo, and I figured there was only so much I could take. By the time I got to the end of Stranger, I'd certainly had my fill of bizarre-SF-sauciness and libertarian philosophy. But that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it.
The book begins like a kind of extra-terrestrial Jungle Book. It's the story of Valentine Michael Smith, a human raised on Mars — by Martians — who finds planet Earth entirely alien when he first arrives there. Heinlein has great fun pointing out human oddities and foibles as Michael tries to "grok" the world around him, while creating an enjoyably nasty future world governed by backroom deals, black propaganda, and (decades before Nancy Reagan) the astrological obsession of the wife of the nominal head of state. There are plenty of tense moments as Michael and the people who befriend him escape and outwit various "security" goons and there's plenty of intrigue as a political case is put forward for his survival. Sure, there are hints of things to come in the form of busty nurses and beautiful secretaries frolicking in swimming pools, but this part of the book is relatively straight.
It's only once he's got you hooked that Heinlein really lets the weirdness flow. In the second half, Michael establishes his own religion based on his experiences on Mars, combined with a conviction that clothes are essentially pointless and that having sex with lots of people is a very healthy way of getting "closer" to them.
Mercifully, Heinlein doesn't indulge himself much beyond a few lascivious hints about hot tubs, long kisses so powerful they make women faint, clothes magically disappearing and characters feeling wonderful the following morning (at least, not in the version I read). All the same, it's easy to see why Jess Crispin wrote:
"If this is what SF fans hold up as a classic, no wonder the outside world thinks the geeks are all a bunch of loonies. Can't we have a classic that doesn't have orgies? Can we agree that Heinlein writes about free love and fascistic governments and pick another representative for the genre? Because this is obviously not working … "
But that's just the kind adverse reaction Heinlein expected. He said he wanted to slaughter "the biggest, fattest sacred cows" of western society — chief among which is monogamy. Certainly the challenge Michael presents to conventional mores is provocative — and must have seemed especially so in 1961 — and it's all presented in an appealingly gentle way (with the exception of the fact that Jill, one of the lead characters, is prone to homophobia and saying things like: "nine times out of ten, if a girl gets raped it's partly her fault"). The lovey-dovey joy of Michael and his followers also provides an effective contrast with the more sharply barbed satires on religion and the media.
So yes, it's daft, but it's also thoughtful and generally good fun. Heinlein does have a tendency to lecture and harangue, but generally does an excellent job of making palatable some challenging ideas. You have to be a particular type of person to take these ideas entirely seriously, but as "an invitation to think — not to believe" (as the author once described it) Stranger From A Strange Land is a resounding success.
Next time: The Man In The High Castle – Philip K Dick
Barcelona tackles its traffic, pollution with parking policies and superblocks Cities of the Future talks to Barcelona's mobility guru, Mercedes Vidal, about how the high pollution levels that are pushing the city to rethink heavy traffic flows, provide faster more efficient public transport and hike up parking fees. Pablo Valerio Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 8, 2016 Unlisted
Last week, the city of Madrid had to trigger its high-pollution protocol Level 2 due to dangerous levels of NO2 in the city. That meant cars could not park in the center of the city — except residents in their assigned areas — and all access roads had a speed limit of less than 70 km/h (43.5 mi/h). If the situation continues Madrid will have to apply Level 3, which means only half of the cars will be allowed to circulate in the city. Barcelona also has a serious pollution problem. While the city only exceeds the limits imposed by European regulations a few days per year, on any given day 44 percent of the population is exposed to NO2 levels that exceed the European rules. It has been estimated that the high pollution in Barcelona causes about 3,500 premature deaths each year.
Current Air Quality Situation — BCN Ecologia Urbana
While pollution was not a high priority for the city's previous administration, former mayor Xavier Trias, with the support of most of the political groups in the city council, approved the new Urban Mobility Plan, which gives the new government the tools to tackle traffic, pollution, and reclaim road space for pedestrian use. To better understand how the new administration plans to address those challenges, I sat down with Mercedes Vidal, Councillor of Mobility, and President of the Metropolitan Transport Authority of Barcelona. Vidal, who is a newcomer to the city's government, worked for nearly 10 years in the Urban Ecology Agency of Barcelona before being elected to the city council. Mercedes Vidal According to Vidal, the basis of the Mobility Plan is the Superilles (Catalan for Superblocks). After nearly 30 years of planning and many political hurdles, the superblocks are finally starting to be deployed in Barcelona, with the first one opened in the Poble Nou district in September. Over the next three years, Vidal says, the plan is to open around 10 new superblocks in different areas of the city. “We are going to increase space for pedestrians with superblocks and other pacifying strategies,” she said. Janet Sanz Cid, a deputy mayor of Barcelona, described the Superblock program as “winning back the streets for the people.” Superblocks, Barcelona Answer to Car-Centric City
citiesofthefuture.eu The full implementation of the Superblocks Plan (about 100 superblocks in all) will take much longer and won't be completed during this city council's term. Part of that is because the Urban Mobility Plan was approved three years later than originally drafted. The plan also needs to be adapted to demands, Vidal says, as some areas not originally included are requesting the implementation of superblocks to pacify their streets. Public Transport Vidal believes the superblocks are also key to fully implementing the new grid network for buses, which will serve to connect the whole city via high-capacity, energy-efficient buses. It will reduce the number of routes from 94 to 28, but maintain the same number of buses, so wait time will average less than five minutes.
Barcelona Hybrid Bus — Source: TMB
One of the key projects of this administration, Vidal says, is to join the two tram lines that run along different sections of Avenida Diagonal, a major thoroughfare that crosses the city. Trams can move many more people than bus lines and will help alleviate current traffic, noise, and pollution problems caused by the volume of cars, trucks and buses along Diagonal. City for Bicycles The Barcelona government is determined to promote cycling as one of the main mobility options around the city. Barcelona's Bicing program is one of the most popular bike-sharing initiatives in the world, with nearly 100,000 registered users. Bicing Station in Barcelona The problem, Vidal says, is that many car drivers do not respect people riding a bike on the road, and that creates dangerous situations. Some drivers honk at cyclists, she says, which is absolutely forbidden, and complain about the number of people cycling on the roads in general. Bicycles are the only mode of transport allowed to pass through Superblocks. And, while the city can't implement all the planned superblocks during this administration, it intends to triple the kilometers of separated bike lanes around the city. New Rules for Motorcycles Barcelona is one of the cities in Europe with the most motorcycles. There are over 273,000 motorcycles (including scooters) registered, about 30% of all motor vehicles.
Motorcycles using the sidewalk to park in Barcelona
re: Skyler White.
I've had a lot of Skyler feelings since last night's episode. Particularly after reading through some of the ugliness that was the Breaking Bad tag per usual last night - there were maybe 3 people who said something to the extent of “man, I've hated Skyler this whole time but after tonight's episode, I see these events from her point of view, and I sympathize with her.” Which, YES, that was the whole point of last night's episode. But amongst the few Skyler stanning posts, there were still a large number of “WHAT A BITCH!” and “UGH WALT SHOULD HAVE LET HER DROWN HERSELF” and “I CAN'T WAIT TILL HE KILLS THAT SLUT.” And my favorite, “I CAN'T BELIEVE SHE SAID SOMETHING SO MEAN, THERE IS NO COMING BACK FROM THAT.”
I'm always one to defend everyone's freedom to like what they want to like and dislike what they want to dislike. Especially on a television show - it's a work of fiction. And I'm not saying that Skyler needs to be everyone's favorite - she doesn't. She's absolutely not perfect. She cheated on her husband, she's committed some pretty serious white collar crimes of her own. But all works of fiction are interpreted through each viewer's mind and outlook on the world, and at this point, if you are still hating on Skyler for “being an annoying bitch and getting in the way of the great Walter White who just wants to keep his poor family together” and have the kind of visceral reaction to her face and/or voice that some people have been talking about, then I'd suggest you examine why you think that way.
Season 4 ended just days ago in the timeline of the story, which means that Walt's “I am the danger” and “I won” conversations with Skyler are still very fresh in her mind. Since Walt's 50th birthday, he's been lying to her for the purpose of “protecting his family.” From the beginning, his plan was ridiculous: “make a lot of money selling meth so I leave something substantial to my family.” Alright, Walter, what happens when someone traces that dirty money your loved ones start spending when you are gone? Where will they think it came from? It was never really about his family in the first place - it was about his ability to provide for them and the power of that feeling.
His ridiculousness escalated from there. He was already killing people in the pilot of the show and chalking it up to “self-defense”. He tried to rape Skyler in the the first episode of season 2. He's shown no remorse over any of the physical, emotional, and mental horrors that Hank has had to deal with, which are mostly his fault. His lies have gotten more disgusting and out of control, coming down to his conversation with Marie in last week's episode - he chalked all of Skyler's anger and frustration up to being her own fault. (The scary thing about that is, considering how little attention he'd been paying her before last night's episode, he might have actually believed himself.)
And Skyler's a sharp lady, she knew something was off from the get-go. But even when she finally figured out what Walt had been doing behind her back, even when she actually found out about the meth - he continued to lie to her about the danger in bigger and bigger ways. "No, I'm really safe!“ "These bruises were just from a disagreement with a co-worker!” “There's no danger, I am the danger!”. And I think she spent a lot of time trying to convince herself those lies were true, even though she knew they actually weren't, because she needed some shred of sanity to cling to. She had a choice at the beginning: turn my husband in and let my children see who their father is, or do my part to protect them and try to keep this family intact. She didn't ask for any of this, but she chose to get her hands dirty and launder the money so that her kids wouldn't have to see their father go off to prison and their family torn apart. For her, this was never about the money.
But then in last season's “Crawl Space”, Walt came home and had a complete breakdown over the threats that had been made not just against him, but against Skyler and her son and her baby daughter. So she goes to Hank and Marie's. But at the end of all of that - it turned out that Walt actually was the danger. So she has to go home to him with her kids - knowing that she's going home to someone who is comfortable blowing up nursing homes and killing people. And not only that, but he's on some kind of crazy power trip from the whole thing. Anyone would be terrified to knowingly go into that kind of environment, let alone allow other people they love to live in the midst of it obliviously.
Skyler wasn't trying to kill herself in the pool - but saying “I'm waiting for you to die” to someone she knows is capable of murdering people he sees as threatening? She sees two escapes from this: Walt dying a natural death (she's not going to murder the father of her children, because that would not be protecting them), or provoking Walt to kill her so her children are taken away from him. She's surely thought about the possibility of him killing her, considering how terrified she is. To her, death is the only way out - either his, or hers. But this is a woman who would rather destroy her reputation and her relationship with her entire family - children included - than put her children in what she rightly sees as real danger. There is absolutely no coming back from this for her - they will never be a whole, happy family again. Walt's been ignoring her all season (he's so wrapped up in his delusions that he can't see what's been OBVIOUS on her face since the day he killed Gus), but she made it clear to him last night. For the time being, he might actually have deluded himself into thinking he can manipulate her into loving him again. But as much as she's my favorite character on this show, I fear that as soon as Walt accepts she's a lost cause, she's done for.
And he's already got ricin in the house.
Basically, this all boils down to the difference between Walt's and Skyler's definitions of “protecting the family,” because that's what they both say they're trying to do. Skyler's puts her children ahead of even her own safety. Walt's doesn't.
I get that, from Walt's point of view, the ~immediate danger~ is gone and no one wants to kill him at the moment. But he's been telling Skyler this as a lie for so long now that it's ridiculous for him to expect her to believe it.
The thing that scares me about all the folks hating Skyler in the tag isn't that they dislike Skyler - it's that through all of this, they are sympathizing with lying, murderous, incredibly selfish Walt. Like, fine, I get that everyone doesn't like the same characters I do. The problem is when you don't like her because she's in Walt's way. But the writers have made it pretty clear at this point that Walt is a murderous megalomaniac control freak, and his rationale about “doing this for family” is absolutely not what this was ever even about. Skyler, his wife, the center of his family, the very reason he said he was doing all of this - Walt ignores her for the first three episodes of the season, and then abuses her emotionally and verbally and physically stalks her around their dark bedroom threatening to have her committed if she doesn't play house? Walt, who has racked up a massive body count at this point, who has poisoned children and planned elaborate scenarios in which to manipulate and control everyone in his life, including his kids? Walt, who has actually admitted to his wife that he's a murderer and proven to her since the first episode of this show that he's a lying, manipulative piece of pond scum? And Skyler is the villain in this?!
How anyone can still defend this guy is absolutely beyond me. Walt is one of the most fascinating characters on TV, and watching him transform into this monster continues to be enthralling week after week. But trying to justify his actions and wanting him to succeed at this point is just utterly terrifying to me. Unless these people have been watching a completely different show, I hope I don't ever meet any of them irl.
CHICAGO, IL - SEPTEMBER 15: Striking Chicago teachers and their supporters attend a rally at Union Park September 15, 2012 in Chicago, Illinois. An estimated 25,000 people gathered in the park in a show of solidarity as negotiations on a labor contract continue. Yesterday Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis reported the 'framework' for an agreement has been reached and union delegates are expected to decide tomorrow if they should end the strike. More than 26,000 teachers and support staff walked off of their jobs on September 10 after the union failed to reach an agreement with the city on compensation, benefits and job security. With about 350,000 students, the Chicago school district is the third largest in the United States. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Mitt Romney's recent remarks that knocked President Barack Obama for proposing more money to hire teachers was partially embedded in a longstanding belief that the issue lies at the local level. But a new report out of the Friedman Foundation for Educational Choice might give the Republican presidential hopeful another economic backing for his stance.
The hiring of public school personnel is outpacing K-12 school enrollment at a staggering rate, according to the Friedman study that takes into account statistics from the National Center for Education Statistics.
Since 1950, America's public schools have seen a 96-percent increase in students that has been accompanied by a 702-percent rise in non-teaching personnel. Teaching staff, meanwhile, increased 252 percent.
The trend has continued across nearly all 50 states. Between fiscal years 1992 and 2009, the number of full-time equivalent school employees increased 39 percent — 2.3 times the rate of increase in students over that 18-year period. Teachers' staffing numbers climbed 32 percent, while administrators and other staff experienced growth of 46 percent.
During that same time frame, 48 states saw their total school personnel increase at a faster rate than their students, or decrease at a slower rate than their decline in students. Nine states with declining student populations boasted significant increases in public school personnel: D.C., Iowa, Louisiana, Maine, Mississippi, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming and Vermont.
Only three states between 1992 and 2009 increased public school personnel at a slower rate than their rise in students — Arizona, Illinois and South Carolina. It is worth noting, however, that the study's span ends in 2009, when states were entrenched in deep cuts from the recession. Districts across the country faced hefty wage and hiring freezes and mass school layoffs as local governments struggled to operate under heavily slashed budgets. Over the last three years, some 32,000 California teachers lost their jobs, accounting for 11 percent of the state's teacher workforce.
According to the study, there is no evidence to suggest that the increase in public school staffing contributed to improved student achievement, as public high school graduation rates peaked in 1969 at 77 percent. Furthermore, between 1992 and 2008 public schools' reading scores on the National Assessment of Educational Progress fell slightly, while scores in mathematics remained the same. A graph from a Huffington Post blog post by Bill Gates illustrates the increase in American school spending combined with flatlined performance:
The author, Georgia College & State University economist and Friedman Foundation senior fellow Ben Scafidi, writes that had non-teaching personnel increased at the same rate as students, and had the teaching force only grown at 1.5 times the rate of students, American public schools would have an additional $37.2 billion to spend per year.
Scafidi says this would be enough to raise every public school teacher's salary by more than $11,700 per year, or give every child living in poverty a $2,600-plus voucher to attend a private school of their parents' choosing.
Here is the list of top 5 best technical analysis software India & World picked by Nifty Trading Academy. The digitization of trading in India has increased the use of the trading software. While some applications are free, some are paid. Whether premium or free, the reliability and accuracy of the software is what counts most.
who gives you an insight into the most accurate programs available in the market. These applications offer a bundle of functions like in-built indicators and alert features.
About Technical Analysis Software
It gives automated charting, reporting, and exploration. The functions are for safe trading by accurate research of the markets. The top tools allow users to build their own trading systems. Traders can set their buy and sell rules. The system gives signals as per the set rules and formulas. Prediction of the markets becomes easier with simple tools.
[ Must Read : Intraday Trading Indicators ]
List of Top 5 Technical Analysis Software
Traders look for a variety of information on the basis of their need. The main features of the applications will help you choose your best one.
1. eSignal Platform
Trader uses this window based application for building custom indicators. It uses e signal users in the base from which programmers write indicators. The application uses JavaScript for the basis if scripting language. eSignal give real-time market data, news and analytics.
http://www.esignal.com/
2. AmiBroker India
Amibroker is the first of its kind modern Technical Analysis Software. It offers abundant features like indicators, a formula language, and back-testing. It allows you to build your own in-house trading system with simple coding.
[ Know More About : Amibroker Software ]
3. Profit Source Platform
The application is the best for the active traders. Profit Source Platform offers above 40 indicators. A good platform for short term traders to track the best entry and exits. However, it is expensive if you are a beginner or a short term trader. It is best for professional investors to track specific stocks.
http://www.profitsource.com/
4. Ninja Trader
Ninja Trader is a 360 degree trading solution covering order entry to execution. It also allows intraday trading system development and third party data integration. It is one of the most common research platforms. Newbie traders prefer it for learning a smart trade.
http://ninjatrader.com/
5. Meta Stock Trader
Meta Stock is among the top popular tools of modern times. It offers 300 Intraday indicators and built-in tools. The buy and sell signals from Meta Stock are quite reliable. It offers different options for swing traders, EOD, and day traders.
https://www.metastock.com/
There are many other tools like Wave59, and VectorVest in the market. The top picks from Nifty Trading are known for giving accurate results. Seasoned traders can use applications as per their trading strategies. If you have already tried multiple system, you can choose the best suitable to you. Make sure the trading tools fits well with your individual trading needs.
Beginners should use reputed tools to get near to definite T.A.. Select the tools with nominal price with basic functions. This one ensures for safe trading. They are very good for all types of traders to increase their productivity.
YAKIMA, WA — Only a few days removed from their official inclusion into the Evergreen Premier League, Yakima United FC have revealed their club colors and official crest. Designed by Joshua Vega, who will be the club's General Manager in 2014, the crest's focal point is a cluster of hops flowers. As the graphic below details, hops are a crucial crop in the Yakima Valley. (click graphic to enlarge)
“I'm really proud of the crest,” Vega says. “I think It's a great symbol of the culture, and tradition of the Yakima area, both sporting and non-sporting.”
YUFC will wear the same red and black that the Yakima Reds wore in the PDL for sixteen seasons. The crest is topped by a star meant to inspire local Yakima Valley players to work towards their dreams.
Yakima United FC was founded in 2010 and has played in local and regional leagues previously. YUFC was once a member of the American National Soccer League (ANSL) Washington Conference. During that time they formed a rivalry with Seattle Stars FC, a club they will face once again this spring and summer in the EPLWA.
Yakima is currently working on an official website. Their Facebook page is at: https://www.facebook.com/YUFCYakima. Stay tuned to www.Facebook.com/EvergreenPremierLeague for breaking YUFC updates.
Below is a black and white version of the crest which will be used on home / visiting rosters, etc.
About the EPLWA
The Evergreen Premier League is an elite adult men's soccer league for college and post-college age players to feature their skills on hometown clubs throughout the state of Washington. The league's mission is to cultivate “football club” culture while providing opportunities for coaches, owners, supporters, players and towns to enjoy the sport and all of the community-building it can bring. The EPLWA is affiliated with the Washington State Adult Soccer Association, the United States Adult Soccer Association, US Soccer and FIFA.
The EPLWA (pronounced E-P-L ‘wah') will kick off in May 2014 with its debut season: Bellingham United FC (Bellingham), South Sound FC (Tacoma), Wenatchee United FC (Wenatchee), Seattle Stars FC (Tukwila), WestSound FC (Silverdale), Spokane Shadow (Spokane), Vancouver Victory FC (Vancouver, WA) and Yakima United FC (Yakima).
Visit the Evergreen Premier League online at: www.EPLWA.com
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
I'm a Christian and because of my religious beliefs,​
Isaiah 44:9 (KJV) They that make a graven image are all of them vanity; and their delectable things shall not profit; and they are their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they may be ashamed.​
Isaiah 44:15 (KJV) Then shall it be for a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; yea, he kindleth it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh a god, and worshippeth it; he maketh it a graven image, and falleth down thereto.​
Exodus 20:4-5 "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth."
"Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,"​
1 Corinthians 6:9-10 (KJV) "Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God."​
Job 35:13 (KJV) "Surely God will not hear vanity, neither will the Almighty regard it."
1 Timothy 2:9 (KJV) "In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;"​
Leviticus 21:5 (KJV) "They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh."​
Deuteronomy 4:25 (KJV) "When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:"​
Former Rangers star Gennaro Gattuso has thrown his hat in the ring to become the next Hamilton manager.
Sportsmail understands the Italian World Cup winner is one of more than 50 applicants to replace Alex Neil – despite the position not yet being advertised.
Centre-back Martin Canning has been placed in interim charge, but Gattuso is thought to have made known his wish to be included in considerations for a permanent appointment.
World Cup winner and ex-Rangers midfielder Gattuso has had a patchy managerial career to date
The 37-year-old has endured a turbulent managerial career to date, spending three months as player-coach of Swiss side FC Sion and being sacked after six Serie B games in charge of Palermo.
His most recent stint was with OFI Crete in the Greek Super League. The AC Milan icon was appointed last June but resigned in December after insisting the financial crisis at the club left him feeling ‘unable to go on any longer'. He had signalled his intent to step down two months earlier but reconsidered after pleas from OFI supporters.
Gattuso's wife is from Glasgow and a move back to Scotland has long carried emotional appeal for the ex-midfielder, who has spoken in the past of his desire to manage Rangers.
Italian midfielder Gattuso spent 15 months at Rangers early in his career
He spent 15 months at Ibrox early in his career before a hugely-successful 13-year spell with Milan, where he won two Champions League titles.
Hamilton vice-chairman Ronnie MacDonald last night refused to confirm that Gattuso had put himself forward.
‘We would never divulge any applications or break confidentialities,' he said. ‘We are in a process and could possibly look at a different structure going forward, one that would suit everyone at the club.'
Gattuso enjoyed hugely-successful 13-year spell with Milan, where he won two Champions League titles
Frankie McAvoy is currently assisting Canning but will leave to join Neil at Norwich City at the end of the month.
The Accies board are likely to want a succession plan in place before then. Canning remains in the frame but the net will also be cast wider to ensure the best possible candidates are sourced.
McAvoy's importance to the both the first-team and youth structures could mean a clutch of appointments in a revamped set-up at both senior and academy level.
A new study finds that protests in California are getting more violent.
Professor Brian Levin says that their research shows that along with a rise in hate crimes in California that is double what is being seen in the rest of country, that violent political confrontations are also increasing.
The director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at Cal State San Bernardino told the joint session of the state legislature last week that violent political confrontations are rising in California by nearly double.
“We are seeing more of these mega rallies of white nationalists in the last two years than in the previous ten to twenty nationally,” Levin says.
There were about 13 hostile gatherings in all of 2016. So far this year we've had 15. Many centered in Orange County.
“Orange County was the county with the most confrontational public demonstrations — even beating out Alameda County, which is home to Berkeley,” says Levin.
The America First rally in Laguna Beach last month ended in violence.
Then there was the Make America Great Again rally in Huntington Beach where masked antifa members clashed with Trump supporters.
And in Anaheim the KKK rally last year nearly turned deadly.
Levin says as Californians become more politically divided he sees no end in sight.
“California is a bellwether,” says Levin. “Keep your seat belts fastened.”
Last January we saw tech conglomerate VIA announce its line of Isaiah processors. These clever chips were designed to revolutionize mobile computing through a mix of lightning fast computing speeds and low power consumption.
Today it has announced a new processor family and dubbed it Nano. Guess what kind of computers the processors are designed for? The very first 64-bit superscalars and speculative out-of-order processors ever made by the Bejing Taipei based company should provide owners of ultraportables some insane boosts in performance and function.
Now you're probably wondering why you should care.
Imagine now if you would, an utraportable computer like say, the Asus Eee PC. Small computer, great cost, performs reasonably well ... for something of that size. Now imagine the same computer with VIA's Nano processor. Now the computer is running Photoshop without a hiccup. Now the computer is playing Blu-ray movies without a snag. Now the computer is running Crysis at a frame rate that's actually playable.
The new Nano processors will run up to four times faster yet consume the same amount of power as the Isaiah chipsets VIA currently offers. The Lab can't wait to get ahold of a super small lappy running one of these processors inside. Imagine, fragging fools in Crysis on a new OLPC. Ah, the dreams of geeks.
Vijay Singh, long lauded for his longevity and tireless work ethic, admitted to using a banned substance in an article in this week's Sports Illustrated.
The SI story is centered on the company S.W.A.T.S. – Sports with Alternatives to Steroids – which sells such products as deer antler spray and hologram chips to help athletes maximize their performance. Linebacker Ray Lewis was among the players mentioned in the report.
According to the report, Singh paid one of the company's owners $9,000 last November for the spray, chips, beam ray and powder additive. He also reportedly uses the spray “every couple of hours … every day,” and “sleeps with the beam ray on and has put chips on his ankles, waist and shoulders.”
Interview with Sports Illustrated's David Epstein
'Morning Drive': Questions Surrounding Singh story
“I'm looking forward to some change in my body,” Singh said, according to the report. “It's really hard to feel the difference if you're only doing it for a couple of months.”
The deer antler spray contains IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor), which SI describes as a “natural, anabolic hormone that stimulates muscle growth” and is a banned substance in all major sports leagues, including the PGA Tour.
“We were just made aware of the report and are looking into it,” said Ty Votaw, the Tour's vice president of communication and international affairs.
Votaw declined to comment on whether Tour officials had spoken with the Fijian, who is in the field at this week's Waste Management Phoenix Open.
While IGF-1 is on the Tour's banned-substances list, Votaw confirmed that, like many other professional sports leagues, the circuit does not test for either IGF-1 or HGH. “We have not determined a reliable test for it,” Votaw said. Players are regularly tested under the circuit's anti-doping program.
On Aug. 17, 2011, the Tour issued an “anti-doping warning” via the green sheet which is circulated to players monthly, when it was learned that Mark Calcavecchia and Ken Green were endorsing S.W.A.T.S' “Ultimate Spray.”
“The PGA Tour has learned that a supplement product marketed as ‘deer antler spray' contains a prohibited substance under the PGA Tour anti-doping program,” the warning read.
“Deer antler contains IGF-1 which naturally occurs in the human body and is a growth factor, like human growth hormone. IGF-1 protects cartilage, promotes the growth of bone cells and facilitates recovery. It is universally banned in all sports.”
Attempts to reach Singh have been unsuccessful and his management company, IMG, told Golf Channel he is unavailable for comment at this time.
Doug Barron is the only Tour player suspended (one year) under the circuit's performance-enhancing drug policy when he tested positive for testosterone and beta blockers in 2009.
Our All-Time Favorite Beauty Blunders in the Ultimate Makeup How-Not-to Video
We talk an awful lot about eye-catching beauty looks on the blog, and today we're featuring a particularly bold one that caught our eye. Think of every beauty blunder you've ever committed—then imagine wearing all of them at the same time. YouTube beauty guru Sharon Farrell created that exact look in the video above using a list of makeup pet peeves from this forum on Reddit.
Suffice to say, it's the ultimate tutorial in seriously awesome makeup snafus, from too-dark foundation and overly contoured cheeks to droopy eyeliner and goopy gloss. (I'm pretty sure I've committed at least three of these offenses over the years. My excuse: I grew up in the ‘90s!). Watch, learn, and love—we totally did.
What's your makeup pet peeve?
—Candice
If you're looking for a more serious tutorial in defining your cheekbones, we've got you covered. Here's how to contour your face like a celebrity.
At the weekend, I used comparison software to contrast the 2011 RHI legislation in Great Britain and the Stormont legislation signed off by Arlene Foster the following year.
Having done so, it is difficult to give credence to the official explanation for the absence of cost controls in the Northern Ireland scheme.
In February, a senior DETI official gave an Assembly committee the impression that putting in cost controls would have been a complex and time-consuming task.
When asked why such key measures – degression of payments as demand increased and a cap (set at 1,314 hours per year in GB) – were not included, he said: “At that point, the Northern Ireland scheme was under performing and we were not using up what you might say was free money in terms of AME [money direct from the Treasury] to bring it in.
“So the minister decided that the priority should be on the introduction of the domestic RHI scheme so resources were devoted to that. It was not a case that we said ‘well, we're not going to do x, y and z...”
However, having read through the two pieces of legislation, that defence seems difficult to sustain. The Northern Ireland scheme was overwhelmingly a copy and paste of its GB counterpart. The vast majority of what changes there were involved references to Northern Ireland, rather than GB, legislation and changing ‘authority' to ‘department'.
And yet, when one gets to Part 5, section 37 of the GB regulations, the copy and paste stops. There are 107 missing words and it is those missing words which will, according to Stormont officials' and Audit Office estimates, now cost Northern Ireland an additional £405m. That's about £3.7 million per word.
My estimate is that about 98% of the Northern Ireland legislation is directly copied from the GB regulations. Scrolling down page after page there is either no change whatsoever, or minor tidying up such as Northern Ireland-specific references.
Therefore, someone appears to have taken a conscious decision to remove cost controls. It was not, as the official explanation goes, some complex piece of legislative drafting which couldn't be cobbled together in the available time. It was, quite literally, a decision on whether to copy and paste.
It is not remotely credible that even junior civil servants (and these were not junior civil servants), a minister who is a trained lawyer or her special advisor who has a Phd would fail to grasp the importance of a budgetary cap and accidentally leave it out.
Although Arlene Foster signed off on the regulations at a point where the cap had been removed, it is not yet clear whether the decision to remove it was instigated by her, by her advisor or by the officials acting on their own instincts.
The most benign explanation for what appears to have been a deliberate act was that there was a decision – and it surely would have to have been a political one – that as they seemingly believed (mistakenly) that the money was coming direct from Westminster rather than out of Stormont's budget that this was an easy way to get more money into Northern Ireland.
Did the official's testimony to the Assembly earlier this year when he referred to it as “what you might say was free money” allude to that?
If so, it still does not fully explain why the cap was removed. If that was the policy, the tariff could have been set higher, or the scheme could have been aggressively marketed if uptake was low, without changing the rules in a way which incentivised people to leave boilers running 24 hours a day.
Mrs Foster has said that no options about the cap were put in front of her by officials.
Whoever was to blame, that catastrophic decision is at the core of this situation.
Establishing who was responsible is therefore fundamental if there is to be any accountability for squandering taxpayers' money on such a scale.
The site long served as the vanguard of the UK's Web 2.0 activities Internet radio and social music site Last.fm is to start charging listeners outside the UK, US, and Germany. Users outside those three countries will pay 3 euros per month to listen to Last.fm Radio, the site's streaming music service. The other content on the site, such as biographies, videos, charts, and "scrobbling" - the site's musical profiling - will remain free for all. Those subject to subscription will first be allowed a 30-track free trial. "Sure, this was a business decision," said Last.fm's Matthew Ogle, in response to a number of queries that users raised on the company's blog. "But after looking at our resources and opportunities we think it's the best way to keep improving Last.fm radio (and also support all the other free services on Last.fm)." The company says that its existing sales force, in combination with that of CBS, which bought the firm in 2007, could cover its licensing costs through advertisement revenue in the UK, US and Germany. Elsewhere, it says, those costs will have to be covered by subscription. "While we would like to provide the same service for users of all countries," said Last.fm's Owen, "the world is a huge place and it's not cheap to deliver music over the Internet." Reaction to the decision was largely negative on the blog post, with many users declaring that they would delete their accounts rather than pay up. "A word of the wise: if this charge ever comes to the UK, I'll be ditching my subscription immediately. Right now, you're just making Spotify look more and more attractive," said blog poster StudleyUK. Avinash Meetoo, a blog poster and Last.fm-contributing musician from Mauritius, suggested that the site should have introduced a quota - free for a certain number of hours per day, and charged thereafter. "This would allow people like me (who have been contributing to the Last.fm database for years now) not to feel completely abandoned. Don't forget that last.fm is what it is because of us," he said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do you want a healthy, environmental friendly, organic way to condition the soil for your home garden? In order to grow anything organic successfully, the soil needs to contain an adequate amount of nutrients and minerals. Essentially, the soil needs to be broken down into organic matter known as compost. With time, you can create your own compost by making a compost pile. For those who would like to know how, here are seven basic steps for creating a compost pile.
Basic Tools:
Gardening Gloves
Shovel (for layering)
Garden Hose or Watering Can (to keep the compost pile moist)
Pitch Fork (for turning compost pile)
Borders (wooden pallets or chicken wire recommended)
Tarp (for covering compost)
Compost Thermometer
Step 1: Determine a Spot
Establish a good spot for your compost pile. This may require you to check on the composting rules and regulations based on the area you live in. Your spot of choice should be in a clear, accessible area. It is recommended that the compost pile be on bare earth and close to your garden, if possible.
Step 2: Place Borders
By placing borders around the area of your compost pile, you can easily control its size. An average home gardening compost pile is 3 to 5 feet in both height and width. Establish borders around your compost using items like wooden pallets or chicken wire, depending on the size of your compost. Using removable borders can make it easier if you decide later to move your compost pile.
Step 3: Create a Foundation
Start by placing twigs, leaves, and branches over the bare area. This will help with the process of breaking down the organic matter in your compost by giving it proper air flow. Some people use a wooden pallet or a brick foundation.
Step 4: Form Layers
When first beginning the process of a compost pile, it is highly recommended that you layer your compost pile. Layer the compost pile like so, using a pitchfork for plant matter and a shovel for the top soil.
Layer 1: The first layer will include organic materials such as green matter, vegetable scraps, grass clippings, leaves, sod dust, garden waste, hay or straw.
Layer 2: The second layer includes things like starters, organic fertilizers, or manure.
Layer 3: The third layer will contain one to two inches of organic topsoil.
(Repeat)
Step 5: Manage Temperature
One of the important aspects for creating a successful compost pile is by managing its temperature. It is recommended that your compost pile be between 110° - 165°F. In order to keep track of your compost temperature, you can use a compost thermometer, which can be purchased at most near-by gardening stores. Temperature is important for the process of breaking down organic matter in your compost pile, and preventing a high production of things you don't desire in your garden such as weed seeds, certain bacteria, or fungi.
One way to maintain the temperature is by watering your almost weekly. Depending on how dry your compost is, you may need to water it more often. Use either a gardening hose or watering can.
Turning your compost is another key practice for keeping your compost pile within temperature range. By turning your compost, you can ensure aeration, prevent your pile from combusting as well as keep the temperature even throughout the pile. It is recommended you turn your compost weekly, while being sure to mix the outside of the old compost material in with the new compost material. I would recommend using a pitch fork with four forks for turning because it is easier to keep matter from getting stuck on your forks, but I do know some people who prefer to use one with six forks.
If your compost is not reaching a high enough temperature, it is recommended that you add more nitrogen to your soil. Items such as kelp, manure, green grass clippings, and scraps from legume plants are great for adding nitrogen. Another suggestion for those who do not live in colder or rainier climates would be to place your compost pile in an area with no shade, and in an area with good water drainage.
Step 6: Cover
Covering your compost pile with a tarp during colder weather or at night can help with insulation and keeping your compost pile active. This may also help keep some pesky critters from digging in it as well.
Step 7: Wait
Like most good things, composting takes time. Most compost piles take anywhere from 3 to 4 months, or sometimes even longer, depending on the size and circumstances. You will know when your compost is ready because it will become dark, earth smelling, and soil-like in texture. When this happens, you can start mixing it in with your garden soil for conditioning.
These steps are just a simple and basic way to get started. There are many methods and approaches to creating your own compost and compost pile. The best advice I can give you is to stay organic, and do whatever works best for you.
Keep on the lookout for more organic home gardening tips and ideas.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A look at some of the buildings on the shortlist
The Shard, the tallest building in western Europe, is among the designs up for a major architecture prize.
The London skyscraper is joined by Zaha Hadid's London Aquatics Centre, showcased during the 2012 Olympics on the Riba Stirling Prize shortlist.
The two designs are among six architecture projects vying for the prestigious award this year.
The prize is the Royal Institute of British Architects' (Riba's) the highest accolade.
The revamped Everyman Theatre in Liverpool, the Library of Birmingham, the London School of Economics and Manchester School of Art are also in the running.
The prize is awarded to Riba-chartered architects and international fellows of the institute for their work on a building in the UK or elsewhere in the EU.
The six shortlisted buildings vary in size and purpose, but all will be judged by the same criteria - their design excellence and their significance to the evolution of architecture and the built environment.
They are:
Everyman Theatre, Liverpool by Haworth Tompkins
Image copyright Riba
The new theatre has been 10 years in the planning and has taken over two years to build. Designers Haworth Tompkins are also responsible for many award-winning theatre spaces including London's Royal Court, Young Vic, The Shed and Bush theatres.
The old buildings were deconstructed in 2011, with 25,000 of the original chapel bricks saved for use in the new theatre. The front of the building features 105 portraits of people from across Merseyside, whose images have been etched into metal shutters to create a piece of public art.
It was rebuilt at a cost of £27m, including £17m from the National Lottery. The theatre on Hope Street, which opened in 1964, is renowned for showcasing new local writers and actors. Haworth Tompkins has previously been shortlisted for the Young Vic theatre in London in 2007.
Library of Birmingham by Mecanoo
Image copyright Riba
Three stacked boxes adorned with a filigree screen are the signature of this landmark. It includes formal and informal spaces for reading, relaxing, playing and participating in the library's programme of events.
The design team was led by Mecanoo, a Netherlands-based architectural practice. Francine Houben, Mecanoo's founding partner, has described her design for the Library of Birmingham as the "people's palace" and said her design was "inspired by the energy of this great city. I hope that the adventure of going through the building will draw many more people towards the joy of learning and reading."
This is the company's first time on the Stirling shortlist.
London Aquatics Centre by Zaha Hadid Architects
Image copyright Riba
This building in Stratford, east London, was a fitting location for the 2012 Olympic Games. Inspired by the fluid geometry of water in motion, the idea was to create a space and a surrounding environment in sympathy with the river landscape of the Olympic Park.
The undulating roof sweeps up from the ground like a wave to fold over the building and define two separate pools. It also houses a diving pool. The complex is now open to the public, while also being a training base for the likes of British Olympic bronze medallist Tom Daley.
Hadid is a two-time winner of the Riba Stirling Prize, having picked up the award in 2010 for Rome's Maxxi museum and, in 2011, for Evelyn Grace Academy in London.
Analysis by Will Gompertz, Arts Editor
There is no obvious collective aesthetic style in the shortlist for the 2014 Riba Stirling Prize, nor is there a unity of purpose. The designs weren't built at the same time. Zaha Hadid's London Aquatic Centre was a highlight of the 2012 Olympics, an event which took place in the same summer Renzo Piano showed me around his completed but then un-let "Shard".
I suppose one could point out that they are all - to an extent - public buildings. Each is making some sort of public statement of intent, from Library of Birmingham's role as the physical manifestation of the council's ambition to make the city an international hub for the new knowledge economy, to Liverpool Everyman Theatre's mug-shot-covered facade announcing its art-for-all philosophy.
Like the culture in which these buildings exist, the emphasis is on the individual and the ego. Clients want "starchitects", or at the very least designs that boldly stand-out rather than subtly fit in.
Read Will's in-depth analysis of the short-list
London Bridge Tower (The Shard) by Renzo Piano Building Workshop
Image copyright Riba
Accommodation totalling 1.2 million sq ft (111,500 sq m) has been built on a small parcel of land directly next to one of London's major transport hubs. It is used to house a health clinic, offices, restaurants, a hotel, residential apartments and a public viewing gallery, and has become an integral part of the London landscape.
Taking inspiration from the spires of London churches and the masts of tall ships depicted by the 18th-Century Venetian painter Canaletto, Renzo Piano designed the "Shard" as a spire-like sculpture emerging from the Thames.
Eight sloping glass facades, the shards, define the shape and visual quality of the tower, fragmenting the scale of the building and reflecting the light in unpredictable ways. This is the company's first nomination for the prize.
London School of Economics (LSE) - Saw Swee Hock Student Centre by O'Donnell + Tuomey Architects
Image copyright Riba
The first new building LSE has commissioned in more than 40 years, Saw's dramatic sculptural form and unusual perforated brick facade was designed by Irish architect O'Donnell + Tuomey. The building opened its doors in January this year.
Built on a small, uncompromising site in central London, it is formed as a continuous spiral rising upwards, the outer brick walls sloping and twisting, gouged with cuts and cracks to give light and form. It is home to the university's students' union and includes a faith centre, gym, bar and several cafes.
O'Donnell + Tuomey was shortlisted for the Stirling Prize in 2012 for the Lyric Theatre in Belfast.
Manchester School of Art by Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios
Image copyright Riba
This project involved a major refurbishment of a 1960s tower plus a series of steel-braced oak staircases and bridges to connect the different levels of this extension to the main 19th Century building.
The new building provides additional studio, workshop and exhibition spaces for the school's 3,500 students and features a seven-storey glazed facade, which creates an exhibition and events space that can be seen from the street outside.
Referencing the aesthetic of traditional local warehouses, the architects applied industrial materials including concrete, steel and glass throughout the interior. Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios won the Stirling Prize in 2008 for its Accordia housing in Cambridge.
More on the Stirling Prize
"There is a point where you can go too far, and we'll see if that happens," executive producer Jason Rothenberg tells E! News. "We'll see if Clarke is able to find that point and pull herself back from it or if she's in fact driven to the end of the line."
Lexa is committed to doing whatever she needs to do in order to save her people from the terror of the Mountain Men, and Clarke will need to decide if she's ready to do that as well.
"Lexa has such a thirst for success," Debnam-Carey tells E! News. "She's driven and powerful, and is hungry for justice so she really feels, going into this, she is all in. She's been ready for this for a while. But she is still very pragmatic and logical and good at adapting, so if things change, she's ready for anything."
She continues, "Lexa's main responsibility has always been keeping her people safe. Her ruthlessness, her rationality, her cold-heartedness all stems from protecting the people she loves. And that's Clarke's goal as well. Ultimately, all things are put aside for this battle. This is what we've been preparing for all season and it's finally here."
Howdy fellow Linux users! I just stumbled upon this cool utility, and I couldn't resist myself to share it with you all. Meet Translate Shell (formerly known as Google Translate CLI), a command-line translator powered by popular translation engines such as Google Translate (default), Bing Translator, Yandex.Translate and Apertium. It allows you to access one of these translation engines from your terminal. Google Translate is my first preferred source to translate English to Tamil and vice versa. Since I am not a native English speaker, I mostly depend on Google Translate for both my professional and personal use. Translate Shell utility is very useful and handy when it comes to translate words from English to your native language and vice versa. It is a cross-platform utility, so it will work on most modern operating systems, including GNU/Linux, FreeBSD, MS Windows, and Mac OS X.
In this tutorial, we will be discussing how to translate a word, a sentence, or even a webpage from your preferred language to English and vice versa. Let's get started!
Install Translate Shell
Translate Shell can be installed in three ways.
Method1 – Using Package manager
Translate Shell is available in the official repositories of popular Linux operating systems.
On Arch Linux and derivatives:
$ sudo pacman -S translate-shell
On Debian, Ubuntu, Linux Mint:
$ sudo apt-get install translate-shell
On Fedora:
$ sudo dnf install translate-shell
If it is not available in the official repositories, you can install it as described in any one of the following two methods.
Method2 – Direct download
Download the self-contained executable file, make it as executable. move it to your $PATH and start using it.
$ wget git.io/trans
$ chmod +x trans
$ sudo mv trans /usr/local/bin/
Method3 – Install from source
Clone Translate Shell git repository, compile and install it as shown below.
$ git clone https://github.com/soimort/translate-shell
$ cd translate-shell/
$ make
$ sudo make install
Use Google Translate From Commandline In Linux using “Translate Shell”
1. Translate a word/sentence
To translate a word, just type:
$ trans வணக்கம்
Sample output:
வணக்கம் (Vaṇakkam) Hello Translations of வணக்கம் [ தமிழ் -> English ] வணக்கம் Hello, Greetings, Good, Hi, Salute
As you see in the above output, I have translated a Tamil word called “வணக்கம்” (Vanakkam), which is used to greet people, to English. By default, Translate Shell will translate the given words/sentences to English.
To translate a whole sentence at once, Just type ‘trans' command followed by the sentence within quotes like below.
$ trans "எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?"
Sample output:
எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? (Eppaṭi irukkīṅka?) How are you? Translations of எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? [ தமிழ் -> English ] எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? How are you?
As you see in the above example, Translate Shell gives you the detailed translation of the given sentence.
When translating a sentence, put them inside quotes. If you don't put them inside the quotes, each word in the sentence will be translated alone like below.
$ trans எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? எப்படி null (null Eppaṭi) How null /null null/ Definitions of எப்படி null [ தமிழ் -> English ] adverb how எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null (null Irukkīṅka?) Are you? null /null null/ Translations of இருக்கீங்க? null [ தமிழ் -> English ] இருக்கீங்க ? Are you?
To get the brief translation of the given sentence, type the sentence with -brief parameter as shown below.
$ trans -brief "எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?"
The sample output would be:
How are you?
This above command will just display the actual translation.
2. Translate the contents of a file
I want to translate a whole text file to English, is it possible? Yes you can!
Let us see the contents of text file
$ cat greet.txt
Here is what I have in the text file.
வணக்கம். எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?
To translate this text file, just type:
$ trans file:///home/sk/greet.txt
Sample output:
Hello. How are you?
Cool isn't it?
3. Find language codes
As you know already, Google Translate supports over 100 languages. So it is important to know the language codes to translate sentences to other languages.
To display the language codes, type:
$ trans -R
Sample output:
Just pick any language of your choice and translate the sentence instantly. You don't need a web browser. Everything will be displayed right from your Terminal.
4. Translate to one or more languages
As you noticed, all the translations that we have done so far are from other languages (Tamil in my case) to English. If you want to change the target language, type :(colon) followed by specific language code.
Say for example, to translate a word to Hindi, just type:
$ trans :hi வணக்கம்
This command will translate the Tamil word “வணக்கம்” to Hindi language.
Sample output:
வணக்கம் (Vaṇakkam) नमस्ते (namaste) Translations of வணக்கம் [ தமிழ் -> हिन्दी ] வணக்கம் नमस्ते, करें Hello, नमस्कार, Hello
We can also translate words to multiple languages in one go. To do so, use use a plus sign “ + ” as the delimiter. For instance, the following command will translate the given word to Hindi and Telugu.
$ trans :hi+te வணக்கம் வணக்கம் null (null Vaṇakkam) नमस्ते null (null namaste) Translations of வணக்கம் null [ தமிழ் -> हिन्दी ] வணக்கம் नमस्ते, को नमस्कार, Hello, नमस्कार வணக்கம் null (null Vaṇakkam) హలో null (null Halō) Translations of வணக்கம் null [ தமிழ் -> తెలుగు ] வணக்கம் హలో, h- ఇ- llo, కిట్టి, కు హలో
Alternatively, you can use -t option (instead of colon) to specify the target language(s). This command translates the given word to Hindi, Telugu and Kannada.
$ trans -t hi+te+kn வணக்கம்
To translate a sentence to multiple languages, quote the sentence like one argument as shown below.
$ trans :hi+te+kn "எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?" எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null (null Eppaṭi irukkīṅka?) आप कैसे हैं null (null aap kaise hain) Translations of எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null [ தமிழ் -> हिन्दी ] எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? आप कैसे हैं, आप कैसे हैं? எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null (null Eppaṭi irukkīṅka?) మీరు ఎలా ఉన్నారు null (null Mīru elā unnāru) Translations of எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null [ தமிழ் -> తెలుగు ] எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? మీరు ఎలా ఉన్నారు, మీరు ఎలా ఉన్నారు? எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null (null Eppaṭi irukkīṅka?) ನೀನು ಹೇಗೆ? null (null Nīnu hēge?) Translations of எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? null [ தமிழ் -> ಕನ್ನಡ ] எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? ನೀನು ಹೇಗೆ?, ಹೇಗಿರುವಿರಿ?
Or, use -t option.
$ trans -t hi+te+kn "எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?"
5. Translate from a specific language
Sometimes, Google Translate may wrongly identify the source text as some other language than you expected. In such cases, you need to specify the source language explicitly like below.
$ trans ta: வணக்கம் வணக்கம் null (null Vaṇakkam) Hello null /null null/ Translations of வணக்கம் null [ தமிழ் -> English ] வணக்கம் Hello, Greetings, Good, Hi, Salute
Please mind that you must put the colon after the language code, not before. If you put the colon before language, it will be recognized as target language.
Alternatively, just use -s option (instead of colon) to specify the source language as shown below.
$ trans -s ta வணக்கம்
6. Interactive Translation
Translate Shell can also be used as interactive translator. That means you can translate line by line interactively.
To do so, use -shell option like below.
$ trans -shell -brief Translate Shell (:q to quit) > வணக்கம் Hello null > எப்படி இருக்கீங்க? How are you? null >
Press Ctrl+c to quit the interactive translation.
7. Translate a website
What about translating a website? That's also possible.
$ trans https://www.ostechnix.com/
This command will open a new browser window and translate the website into English. Since the above website is already in English, It just displayed:
The page you have attempted to translate is already in English.
To translate ostechnix.com site to some other language, for example Tamil, just type:
$ trans :ta https://www.ostechnix.com/
8. Dictionary mode
Google Translate can also be used as a dictionary. To know the meaning of a given word, run:
$ trans :en வணக்கம் வணக்கம் null (null Vaṇakkam) Hello null /null null/ Translations of வணக்கம் null [ தமிழ் -> English ] வணக்கம் Hello, Greetings, Good, Hi, Salute
To enable dictionary mode no matter whether the source language and the target language are identical, use the -d option like below.
$ trans -d te: வணக்கம்
9. Language identification
To identify the language of a given text, use -id option.
$ trans -id வணக்கம் தமிழ் Name Tamil Family Dravidian Writing system Tamil Code ta ISO 639-3 tam SIL http://www-01.sil.org/iso639-3/documentation.asp?id=tam Glottolog http://glottolog.org/resource/languoid/id/tami1289 Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_language
As you can see in the above output, I have used Tamil language.
10. Text-to-Speech
This another cool thing that I liked in Translate Shell. Just like the Google Translate web service, we can listen to the translation and original text. Put your headphone on and type the language of your choice to listen.
To listen to the translation, run:
$ trans -b -p :ta வணக்கம்
To listen to the original text, run:
$ trans -sp "எப்படி இருக்கீங்க?"
11. Terminal paging
Sometimes, the contents of translation might be too much for display in one screen. In such cases, use -v option to display the translation result page by page.
$ trans -d -v word
12. Getting help
To display help section, run:
$ trans --help
To display Translate shell man page:
$ trans -M
Note: Here M is capital letter.
And, that's all for now. You know how to use Google Translate from command line on Unix-like systems. As you can see, using Google Translate service from command line is easy, kind of fun and interesting.
More good stuffs to come. Stay tuned!
Cheers!
Resource:
SPONTANEANATION with Paul F. Tompkins #89
Paul F. Tompkins welcomes friends and lovers to this week's episode of Spontaneanation! This week, Paul's special return guest is the hilarious Ron Funches! They chat about what Ron bought with his own money as a child, the grisly aspects of working at a cannery, and the unique way employees were punished at a telemarketing job he once had. Paul is then joined by Jordan Black, Jeremy Carter, and Jean Villepique, to improvise a story set in a Salem, Oregon Comic Shop. And as always, Eban (only the best) Schletter scores it all on piano!
SAN FRANCISCO! Spontaneanation Live returns to SF Sketchfest on January 14th! With Eugene Cordero, Tawny Newsome & Little Janet Varney, plus a very special guest. Tickets are almost gone, so get yours NOW! http://bit.ly/SFSFSPONT17
This episode is brought to you by HUAWEI (www.huawei.fit/spont), Leesa (www.Leesa.com/spont), ZipRecruiter (www.ziprecruiter.com/pft), and MVMT Watches (www.mvmtwatches.com/pft).
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 21, 2015, 11:49 AM GMT / Updated June 21, 2015, 11:49 AM GMT
This video was made by NBC News producers Dan Slepian and Rob Allen as a part of the "Voices From Within" Project. They produced this independently of NBC News on their own time. Slepian and Allen put convicted murderers at Sing Sing, the infamous prison just north of New York City, in a room alone with a camera and asked them to speak to their 12-year-old selves.
The question they wanted answered: What would you say now that could have made your younger self put down the gun that ended a life and landed you in prison? What you see below is the full version of that video, which is now being used by the New York Police Department.
After part of this piece aired on Meet the Press, there was strong reaction online:
Chuck Todd responded to the strong reaction, which can be read here. Also, the panel addressed some of the criticism head-on later in the show:
Semi-Truck Full of Mercedes-Benz SUVs Tips
Oh semi-truck driver, you literally had one job: to take a truck-load of Mercedes-Benz SUVs from one place to the other without harming the vehicles. Then you decided to take a road that's not exactly appropriate for a semi the size of yours. And look what happened. You tipped. Sigh.
This all went down last week on Highway 36 near Cynthiana, Kentucky, north of Louisville.
“This road isn't meant for semis, it's too curvy,” Sheriff Shane Stephens said. “If you operate on this road you need to be careful. Fortunately he's okay.”
He's okay, but the SUVs certainly are not. The only information about their health comes from this single photo that clearly shows a GLS 450 4Matic, a vehicle that MSRPs at $70,000, lying on its side. And there was at least eight other vehicles formerly on that semi too. Sooooo, you do the math.
Via [WKYT]
Starting Nov. 4, people will be able to play video games without controllers — using only their bodies — with the release of Kinect for Xbox 360.
With its hands-free motion sensor, Microsoft hopes to attract the “casual gamer” audience that Nintendo so successfully grabbed with the Wii. As such, the 17 games Microsoft announced today for the Kinect launch have a decidedly family vibe.
“Kinect Adventures” | Nov. 4 — Included with every Kinect sensor ($150) and Kinect-Xbox bundle ($300), this game has you racing through frontier obstacle courses, roaring through rapids and floating through space.
“Kinectimals” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Play and interact with virtual animals that respond to commands, come to your voice and love you unconditionally.
“Game Party: In Motion” | $40 | Nov. 18 — A collection of minigames including darts, hoop shot, table hockey and more.
“Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows — Part 1, the Videogame” | $50 | Nov. 16 — Try your hand at magic spells as you seek and destroy Voldemort's Horcruxes.
“Your Shape: Fitness Evolved” | $50 | Nov. 4 — A fitness and yoga game that can tell when you're doing it wrong — or cheating.
“Dance Central” | $50 | Nov. 4 — A “Dance Dance Revolution”-esque game that doesn't require a mat and knows 650 dance moves.
“The Biggest Loser Ultimate Workout” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Another fitness game that can analyze your body and help you keep track of your progress with a video diary.
“DanceMasters” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Another option if you just can't help but dance, this one from “Dance Dance Revolution” creators Konami.
“EA Sports Active 2” | $100 | Nov. 16 — Another fitness game that tracks your progress, but this one includes a heart-rate monitor and lets you share your workout data via an EA Sports Active online profile.
“Zumba Fitness” | $50 | Nov. 18 — A dance-fitness game with a Latin and international music theme.
“Kinect Sports” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Controller-free beach volleyball, soccer, boxing, bowling, ping pong and track and field. Includes team-versus-team mode for full-family competitions.
“Deca Sports Freedom” | price TBA | date TBA — Another sports game, including tennis, boxing, archery, paintball, beach volleyball, dodgeball, kendo, mogul skiing, snowboard cross and figure skating.
“Kinect Joy Ride” | $50 | Nov. 4 — A “Crusin' USA”-like car-racing game that allows for multiplayer races over Xbox Live.
“Adrenalin Misfits” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Play as wild animals that race and battle on hover-boards.
“Fighters Uncaged” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Here's what the news release says: “Charge head-first into the vicious world of illegal free-fighting tournaments, where you will use every muscle in your body to battle your way to the top.” OK …
“Sonic Free Riders” | $50 | Nov. 4 — Play as Sonic the Hedgehog or the other characters, twisting your body to speed through race courses.
House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) sided on Monday with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) over Breitbart News, requesting that his column be pulled from the news outlet's new California website.
Democrats called the website, which featured sexually suggestive images of Pelosi, “foul, offensive and disrespectful to all women.” They urged Republican leaders to condemn the site. McCarthy seems to have obliged.
“We didn't condone them,” Matt Sparks, a McCarthy spokesman, told the Los Angeles Times, about the images. “We thought it was the right thing to do to ask for the column to be removed.”
“The images are inappropriate,” another spokesman, Mike Long, told ABC News.
Prior to Breitbart California's launch, McCarthy expressed enthusiasm about the venture.
“This weekend's launch of Breitbart California is a testament to his legacy of holding our public officials accountable for their actions,” McCarthy said in a statement last week. “I look forward to the voice of reform-minded Californians being represented without bias as Breitbart California launches.”
If you liked our coverage of the Flybar Extreme Pogo Stick video, then you'll be dying to check out the new Powerisers Jumping Stilts. Run up to 20 miles an hour (with medium risk of injury).Available from Gizoo for £199.95: "Imagine jumping six feet in the air barely even breaking a sweat or running at speeds of over 20 miles an hour, a claim to fame even an Olympic athlete can't make! The secret behind these incredible fun fitness gadgets is the curved springs, which are attached to the base. When you push your feet down, your weight creates gravitational energy. The super-charged springs then push back, harnessing this energy and giving you the power to run, leap and bound, reaching tremendous height and speed!"Also check out this video:
Ask any westerner what they love most about the West and many are likely to tell you about some of their favorite places and memories of time spent outdoors. Opportunities to hike, bike, fish, ski, paddle and play out among beautiful mountains, wild rivers, and peaceful deserts are what make our region the best place to call home.
For many of us, recreation deeply connects us to the magnificent places of the West. As others learn how great it is to live here, population growth and other development pose increasing threats to many places that need and deserve our protection.
Our friends and partners at the Outdoor Industry Association (OIA) have an intimate understanding of the value of public lands and share with us a deep appreciation of the need to care for the places we play in and call home. Over the last year in particular, OIA has emerged as a powerful leading voice in raising awareness about the threats to our public lands and the rivers and ecosystems within them. OIA is inspiring outdoor enthusiasts to take action to protect these treasures today and for future generations.
This year, OIA notably stood up to the Utah state government's proposal to eliminate Bears Ears National Monument and other federal public lands. By moving its hallmark trade show, Outdoor Retailer, and its estimated $45 million annual local spending out of Salt Lake City and to Denver, OIA called national attention to the fact that preserving landscapes, rivers and the places we love is also good business.
OIA has also mobilized its 1,200 member businesses and its larger network in support of the Wilderness Act and the Clean Water Act, worked to secure full, lasting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and engaged outdoor industry companies to begin to lead on climate change. As a result, supporters of public lands across the nation are increasingly raising their voices. And when an $800 billion industry and its members speak, they are heard.
OIA and its member businesses' advocacy is not risk free. It's logical that some businesses might fear backlash from a portion of their customer base. That's why OIA's leadership on critical conservation issues is so important. Like no other industry, the outdoor industry has been able to highlight that today a healthy environment and a healthy economy are not mutually exclusive. In fact, they are dependent on one another. OIA's advocacy has highlighted that businesses thrive in a healthy environment, where customers have clean air to breathe, rivers to run and places to explore. We applaud OIA for underscoring this deep connection between business and a healthy environment and the importance of access to the inspiring landscapes that make our lives richer.
In recognition of their leadership and commitment to protecting the West, Western Resource Advocates is proud to honor the Outdoor Industry Association at our Protect the West Celebration on September 7th. We invite you to celebrate the OIA's achievements, and to join us in protecting the places we love and call home.
Learn more about our event and register today.
This week Tom Pullan our Scene Dev Lead Artist is sharing his top tips surrounding Unreal Editor Cinematics!
1) Use nested shader instances to give you hierachical control over many shaders at once – e.g. create a general clothing shader network with useful controls (texture slots, colour roughness and spec linear interpolations etc.), then create an instance of this called MI_clothing_all, then create instances of this to use on objects that require different maps such as MI_clothing_boots. You can then use the first instance to tweak colour, spec etc on all garments, and use the individual child instances to fine tune.
2) Incorporate a shared Material Parameter Collection in all shader networks of a certain type e.g. rocks. This will allow you to tweak all your rocks globally if required and can be accessed from sequencer to fine tune on a per-shot basis.
3) When using assets created from several different sources be sure to use the buffer visualisation options along with shader adjustments to balance roughness, spec etc across all assets.
THE MAGAZINE
by Dan Ennis
When the history of The Episcopal Church in the twenty-first century is written, much attention will be paid to the large-scale effects of “Anglican Realignment.” In that history, the Diocese of South Carolina (for the moment, thanks to legal action, styled “The Episcopal Church in South Carolina”) will be included for illustrative purposes, alongside San Joaquin, Pittsburgh, and Fort Worth, as future church historians consider how Episcopalians responded to schism. Church history is often populated by bishops, deputies and chancellors, not by part-time vicars and retired canons, so supply priests may not merit a mention in some future chronicle of The Episcopal Church. Yet as the Diocese of South Carolina split in 2012, there was a period of instability as congregations fractured down ideological lines. In the rapid reorganization of the diocese that followed, supply priests were indispensable.
On September 18, 2012, the House of Bishops Disciplinary Board of signed a “Certificate of Abandonment” against Mark Lawrence, Bishop of the Diocese of South Carolina. On November 17, Lawrence publicly announced that the Diocese of South Carolina had “withdrawn” from The Episcopal Church. Fifty parishes and missions chose to follow Mark Lawrence. Twenty-one parishes and missions remained with The Episcopal Church. Questions of polity came to the fore: Could a diocese leave the national church? Can individual parishes leave a diocese? What happens to those in the minority of a congregation when a majority of votes to leave or stay? In South Carolina, some communities were at that time served by a single Episcopal church, and in areas where that church chose to follow Mark Lawrence, many continuing Episcopalians were left without a local place of worship. Thus loyalist Episcopalians formed “worship groups” – small congregations that attempted to create and maintain an Episcopal Church presence in places where one no longer existed. By the time Provisional Bishop Charles vonRosenberg was elected to lead the diocese in January, 2013, many worship groups affiliated with The Episcopal Church had already formed and were conducting services.
The rapidity of the formation and development of worship groups was made possible by supply priests. The low-country of South Carolina is an attractive retirement destination, and there were many Episcopal priests in the region. Some supply priests, canonically resident in northeastern and midwestern dioceses, had not sought to exercise priestly office under the authority of Mark Lawrence, but after the schism they “went public” and were licensed by Bishop vonRosenberg. Through social media and world of mouth, news of the developing network of worship groups spread, and supply priests who had expected a quiet retirement pulled vestments out of the closet. If Mark Lawrence, estimating the size of his breakaway diocese, had assumed that continuing Episcopalians would be unable to recreate local congregations, the sudden availability of dozens of qualified Episcopal clergy who could minister to worship groups may not have been part of the calculations. Episcopal worship groups filled the void.
South Carolina's supply priests faced unusual conditions. Services took place in rented or borrowed facilities. From nondenominational sanctuaries to covered porches, rented restaurants to converted classrooms, wedding chapels to synagogues, supply priests ministered to “popup” Episcopal churches all over South Carolina. One worship group, destined to go down in diocesan history as eccentric geniuses, held services on a dock. In such irregular facilities, the priest takes on special significance, setting a spiritual tone in venues that often had secular trappings. Veteran clergy drew upon long and varied experience. A supply priest who had served as a missionary in West Africa was not thrown because the air conditioner in the rented hall was on the blink. A supply priest who had been a chaplain in Vietnam was not troubled that the credence cloths were table runners from Target. A supply priest who had held services in jails during the civil rights era knew how to handle a shortage of prayer books. With high church aesthetics often out of the question, worship was often centered upon simple gestures and uncluttered presentation, and lay participation in liturgy consisted of “all hands on deck.”
Worship groups were served and saved by supply priests from all walks of church life. Pulpits were filled by bi-vocational curates, emeritus big-city rectors, former cathedral deans, and retired bishops (with Bishop vonRosenberg often serving as “chief supply priest” during episcopal visits to worship groups). Mere days after Diocese of South Carolina split, priests from across The Episcopal Church “crossed the border” and celebrated the Eucharist. Clergy from Dioceses of Upper South Carolina, East Carolina, Virginia, and Georgia were particularly prominent. The bishops of Province IV dispatched priests in support. With these clerical visitors came the prayers and support from congregations across the nation. Supply priests also reminded South Carolina Episcopalians that the church accommodates various theological opinions and worship styles. The arid confessionalism of the old regime was replaced by a vigorous range of viewpoints, and worship groups, often relying on many different priests over a course of a liturgical season, were inspired and challenged (and occasionally a bit scandalized). Anglo-Catholics and evangelicals, conservative and liberals, reconcilers and radicals, supply priests presented worship groups with a medley of opinions and practices that honored the broad-church Anglican tradition.
It wasn't always smooth. Some supply priests, having returned to duty after years in retirement, were overtaxed by the grind of weekly preaching and weekday pastoral care. On occasion, a supply priest, long out of practice, might stumble through a rite, or forget a prayer. Most worship was a reminder that The Episcopal Church is blessed with a beautiful liturgy, but sometimes that beauty was dimmed when unfamiliar priests led ad hoc congregations, as the rhythm that can develop between a priest and laity who have long worshiped together could not be recreated on the fly. Some congregations, surprised and hurt at having been ejected from prosperous program churches, had unrealistic expectations, and supply priests were asked to reconstitute lost Sunday schools, Bible studies, and fellowship opportunities. Yet even when things were not perfect (that is, every Sunday) the reliance on supply priests did require the laity to take on enhanced responsibility for each other. In worship groups, wardens and committees undertook the secular work of organizational and financial oversight, allowing supply priests to “stand in their own office, and labor in their own calling.” Gone was the Diocese of South Carolina tradition of the rector-CEO.
Now a stable, growing diocese, the Episcopal Church in South Carolina has seen many of its supply priests return to their traditional supporting roles. In the four years since the schism, worship groups have become missions, some missions have become self-sufficient parishes, and more and more congregations have called full-time clergy to fill their pulpits. No longer in existential crisis, the Episcopal Church in South Carolina is a “normal” diocese, with the same opportunities and challenges that face the larger church. But with the passing of those improvisational days, we should not forget how the supply priests were there at the moment of crisis to bind spiritual wounds. Despite the 2012 split, Episcopal worship and communal life continued in a tradition unbroken since the eighteenth century. Precious relationships were formed between supply priests who were recalled to their vocations and grateful congregations who had learned the dangers of spiritual complacency. Many hands saved the Episcopal Church in South Carolina, but supply priests – the substitutes, the fill-ins, the break-glass-and-pull-lever clergy – were both a symbol institutional endurance and the foundation of a rebuilt spiritual community.
Dan Ennis is the former Senior Warden of St. Anne's Episcopal Church in Conway, SC. Additional research for this article was provided by Ginga Wilder of The Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd Summerville, SC.
image: photo of the dock where the Episcopal Church in Okatie, SC first worshipped
Like ( 0 ) Dislike ( 0 )
On the 20th of January, protesters managed to get out in the streets and blockade Inaugural checkpoints in spite of a blizzard of harassment from Trump's paid unofficial brownshirts. Police as well were unable to pre-empt lockdowns that shut down multiple Inaugural checkpoints. They had to physically pry SURJ off the fence at one point. At 10:10 AM 6 out of 12 checkpoints were completely blocked, with passage through the rest slowed to a trickle. In 2009 terms this is “purple tickets for everyone.
At about 9AM Bikers for Trump showed up at some checkpoints but the lockdowns had arrived first. At 9:30AM Unicorn Riot reported “Clashes between protesters and police/secret service in blockade at corner of 10th and E St.” but as of 10AM blockades are only getting stronger.
Not everything worked. The Anticapitalist bloc had a long way to go with the march-in from Logan Circle. A twitter report claimed the Bloc was “officially disbanded” after being pepper-sprayed but another report said the bloc was kettled, meaning a mass arrest or a fake mass arrest is possible. Reports of actual tear gas fired to disperse block, which then re-formed and was kettled, hundreds reported trapped. If this leads to a mass arrest it will be another Pershing Park-unless Trump changes the laws that is…
Shortly before 11AM the Mall was reported to be “empty as hell” with more protesters than inauguration spectators present. The blockades and the rain showers probably served up a double helping of “go home” to Trump's fans at least as of the morning.
At noon, Union Station was reported “packed with protesters.” One of the few open checkpoints was overwhelmed with protesters going to ANSWER's permit area and other areas (only bleachers ticketed) along the parade route. At exactly 4 min 20 sec into Trump's speech, cannabis smokers lit up en masse as planned.
At around 12:30PM, Trump was officially handed the control codes for US nuclear weapons, a danger to the entire planet.
The rise of Trump requires “politics with no quarter asked or given.” In the Senate this means refusing the consent agenda, so that roll call votes on things like approving the minutes snarl and stop all other business just like a lockdown at a checkpoint. That would stop all Trump cabinet and judicial nominees and all GOP legislation behind an unsolvable logjam. It means fighting pipelines, fracking, and 287(g) style deportations programs state by state, county by county, city by city and never conceding an inch of ground no matter what happens. In the streets it means denying Big Business the ability to use infrastructure that belongs to the people, blockading business as usual until Trump's corporate backing can be choked out-and orders Trump to tap out by resigning along with Pence.
Mass arrest of anti-capitalist march after police fire tear gas, 270 total arrests reported
Update 6PM: 270 arrests reported for the day, 6 cops injured. Mass arrest FAILED to stop battles between police and protesters in the K st (lobbyists Row) area, which went on many more hours.
With trump supporters being turned away en masse from the Mall by checkpoint blockades, the police have turned violent. Hundreds of marchers in the Antifascist/Anti-Capitalist Bloc were kettled, then unlawfully mass arrested after police firing tear gas for the first time in decades only temporarily dispersed the protesters. This was the first such mass arrest in 14 years. People are showing up “covered in pepper spray” at Disrupt J20's rear area safe spaces. Reports of journalists being targeted. One ONE report of a broken window. Meanwhile down at the checkpoints, blockades are STILL holding out after 3 hours.
There are reports that the cops managed to trap the march in a narrow street or entryway, and that attempts to break out of the kettle were repulsed by firing both tear gas and flashbangs(high explosive grenades without metal shrapnel). The combination of potentially flammable tear gas with explosives is a formula for a disastrous flash fire. It has been decades since the DC police have used actual tear gas, possibly not since the 1991 Mount Pleasant Uprising. At least one protester was taken from the scene in an ambulance due to injuries inflicted by police.
Barring Trump managing to overturn centuries of settled constitutional law, DC is looking at Pershing Park III. and as a “three time loser” will likely face a very unfavorable settlement, quite possibly after Trump leaves office and is no longer able to intervene to protect those responsible. This is almost certain if Trump goes “four and out.”
In other areas, there were a few reports of Bikers for Trump assaulting protesters. Attempts by racists to break through a blockade earlier in the morning ended in failure.
Video: Disrupt J20-The Day In Resistance
Video compilation of the days's events at the Counter-inaugural/Disrupt J20 protests against Donald Trump. Checkpoint blockades, Alex Jones expelled, heroes rescue elder and disabled protester from police attack during Battle of K Street, limo burns, marches go on well into the night after a 7AM start. This is but the beginning of four long, hard years of utter fighting against every scrap of Trump's racist and fascist agenda.
Note that the heroes who stood up to Donald Trump on Jan 20 were said by the mainstream press to outnumber pro-Trump inauguration goers by as much as 3 or 4 to one. The police were the least numerous but most violent element, in the video you see a hero dive into pepper spray to shield and protect an elderly woman and a disabled protester with a crutch. You will also see neo-Nazi leader Richard Spencer getting a walloping punch in the face.
Activist warned there would be “no peaceful transition” and indeed there was none: J20 was well and truly disrupted!
King Richard III probably spent the last moments of his life on his knees in a swamp before taking a sword through the brain, according to a forensic analysis conducted by experts at the University of Leicester.
The scientists say the 15th-century monarch, whose remains were discovered in 2012, was fatally stabbed from behind through the left side of his skull after losing his horse and helmet, and sustaining multiple injuries. The sword was thrust so far in — 10.5 centimetres — that researchers could see where the tip of the blade punctured the inside of his skull.
Richard would have been knocked unconscious immediately, said Sarah Hainsworth, a professor of materials engineering at the University of Leicester. His breathing would have stopped and then his heart, killing him within a few minutes.
“You know on the TV when somebody's chopped, they die instantly and that's the end. That's not the reality,” Dr. Hainsworth told the National Post.
The remains of the king were excavated from beneath a parking lot in Leicster, central England, in August 2012. Dr. Hainsworth, with colleagues Guy Rutty and Jo Appleby, spent several months using modern forensic tools to reveal new clues about the last king of England to be killed in battle. Historical accounts state that Richard was knocked from his horse at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485.
The researchers used the same 3D-imaging technology found in modern hospitals, a CT scan, to get the big pictures. They used a micro-CT scan to get more refined images as well as a variety of microscopes and high-resolution photography.
Once they scanned the three parts of the skull, a process that took six hours per scan, researchers tapped into the extensive medieval weapons collection at the Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds to match the shape and edging of the wounds to possible arms.
If you took a serrated kitchen knife and pushed it through a block of hard cheese, what you'd get is a pattern on the cheese of the tool marks on your kitchen knife. You can also see marks like that in bone
“If you took a serrated kitchen knife and pushed it through a block of hard cheese, what you'd get is a pattern on the cheese of the tool marks on your kitchen knife,” Dr. Hainsworth said. “You can also see marks like that in bone.”
Their investigation found that Richard also sustained a major injury to the right side of his head, likely from a halberd, a pole with an axe on the end. Dr. Hainsworth said the images couldn't reveal of how much of his brain would have been exposed by that hit. Seven centimetres would have been fatal.
Dr. Hainsworth said the king also sustained four injuries to the top of his head — one from a square-shaped dagger, likely a rondel, and three slicing marks from another dagger — as well as injuries to his cheek, jaw, rib and pelvis.
Richard will be buried in a $1.8-million ceremony at Leicester Cathedral.
National Post
In one of the nation's most closely watched races, Thom Tillis, the Republican speaker of the North Carolina House, narrowly won a Senate seat against Kay Hagan, a first-time Democratic senator. For months, Ms. Hagan, a prime Republican target, led in the polls, but Mr. Tillis closed the gap in the final days of the race.
Mr. Tillis, 54, asserted that Ms. Hagan, 61, was President Obama's ideological clone, while she called him too conservative for the state, which went for Mr. Obama in 2008 before flipping to Mitt Romney in 2012. Helped by Mr. Obama's 2008 victory, Ms. Hagan that year defeated Elizabeth Dole, 53 percent to 44 percent.
The Hagan campaign criticized Mr. Tillis for supporting restrictions on voters, resisting Medicaid expansion, slashing jobless benefits and supporting deep cuts in the state's education budget, before the Legislature voted to increase school spending this year. Mr. Tillis accused her of being too liberal for North Carolina by supporting the Affordable Care Act.
Despite Mr. Tillis's attacks, Ms. Hagan did not disassociate herself from Mr. Obama, but she did underline her differences with him: about the oversight of veterans' hospitals, the Keystone XL pipeline debate, immigration and trade agreements. The National Journal has called her “the most moderate senator in the nation.”
Exit polls found that the Affordable Care Act was not a major factor in the race, with 48 percent of North Carolina voters saying the law did not go far enough or was about right, while 46 percent said it went too far. Of those who voted for Ms. Hagan, 83 percent thought the health care law did not go far enough or was about right. Of the 46 percent who thought the law went too far, 80 percent voted for Mr. Tillis.
Digital Games as Public Archaeology
The term “public archaeology” isn't particularly well know to those outside of the archaeological community. So, what is it exactly? At its core, public archaeology seeks to protect and advocate for archaeological heritage (sites, resources, etc.) through public education, outreach, and engagement. This manifests in lots of different ways. Archaeologists visiting middle school classrooms to talk about a a local site? Yup, thats public archaeology. Hosting an “Archaeology Day” at a local museum where the public can talk to archaeologists, handle artifacts, and experience prehistoric technology? That's right, public archaeology as well. Involving local community members in the excavation of a nearby site? You better believe it, public archaeology baby! You get the general idea. Its only fairly recently that public archaeology and public archaeologists have adopted a broader range of digital methods and practices. Things like websites, social network platforms, video, podcasting, digital archives & repositories, and mobile content are all becoming increasingly common in the toolkit of the average public archaeologist. What's missing from this list? Games.
Its a constant source of frustration to me that archaeologists are even further behind in thinking about digital games as vehicles for public engagement and outreach or platforms for teaching than other disciplines. While it is (somewhat) common to see sessions on digital games at conferences such as MLA or Museums & the Web, such a thing is rarer than hen's teeth at an archaeological conference (such as the annual Society for American Archaeology meeting). I can count the number of journal articles, books, book chapters, conference papers that explore public archaeology and digital games (either broadly or specifically) on two hands (and thats being charitable). I only know of a handful of (and its a small handfull) of public archaeology digital games (most of which fall very much on the “simulation” side of the digital game spectrum). One of the earliest examples (and one that very much sits on the simulation end of the spectrum) is Adventures in Fugawiland: A Computer Simulation in Archaeology.
Originally published in 1990, Adventures in Fugawiland was designed to introduce students (yes, it was courseware) to the fundamentals of archaeological research by allowing them to simulate fieldwork experiences. The game (frankly, calling it a game is stretching things a little) was developed by T. Douglas Price and Anne Birgitte Gebauer of the University of Wisconsin. Students worked with a realistic topographical map containing numerous fictional prehistoric sites (located in Fugawiland), chose sites to excavate on-screen, examined what they found, and answered questions about their findings. Students could refer to abundant “in-game” help modules, included in which was a regional plot providing a graph of the abundance of different site characteristics in Fugawiland. Exciting! Adventures in Fugawiland enjoyed several editions, and was used as course material in many anthropology classes throughout North America. It is important to repeat that Adventures in Fugawiland was courseware. It was published by a textbook publisher and intended to be used in undergrad classes. However, it fits nicely in this discussion because I'm very much of the belief that a good chunk of undergraduate education is public archaeology (something that some of my colleagues might disagree with). Whatever many archaeologists might think of Adventures in Fugawiland, it was an important milestone. It was a clear statement which communicated that games (simulations, edutainment, whatever) had a place in public archaeology. Unfortunately, instead of heralding the the beginning of a rich assemblage of archaeological digital games, it was an isolated blip on the radar.
Fast forward to the present. Digital games have evolved enormously, but public archaeology is still (largely) ignoring them. It seems that if you want to engage the public around archeological topics, digital games (of all kinds) seem like a no brainer of mythical proportions. Games are not only powerful platforms for learning (either formal or informal) and persuasion, but have phenomenal public reach – especially into groups of particular interest to public archaeologists (middle school students, teens, and maybe even undergrads)
How much reach? Lets break down the numbers a little. I know that many have seen the Entertainment Software Association figures (and they are not without their problems). However, I think they are worth looking at – especially if we are interested in exploring the potential reach of digital games for public archaeology. These numbers are also quite persuasive for the archaeologists in the room (especially those who are generally unfamiliar with digital games). It's very important to remember that these figures are for the United States alone. The picture is different (in some cases, markedly so) in other countries and regions.
According to the ESA (Entertainment Software Association), in 2010, 67% of American households owned either a game console (such as an Xbox 360, PS3, or Wii) and/or PC used to run entertainment software. In terms of age, 25% of gamers were under 18, 49% were between 18-49, and 26% were 50+ years old. It's also very important to point out that the gender imbalance in gamers is quickly shrinking – males made up 60% of the game playing population, while females made up 40% of that population. If you look just at online games, that gap is even smaller (58% men, 43% women). In terms of sales, digital games (both PC and console) were a 10.5 billion dollar industry in 2009. Sales of both PC and console games exceeded 275 million units. There isn't any metric in the universe that you could draw upon that favorably compares those numbers to the number of people reached in any kind of public archaeology program.
So, why hasn't public archaeology caught on to the potential of digital games? There probably isn't one factor that we can point our finger at. As one would expect, much of it has to do with archaeology and archaeologists (from a disciplinary perspective). Archaeology and archaeologists have always had a weird relationship with technology (the irony is certainly not lost on me). When it comes to technology for research (things like GIS, remote sensing, modeling, databases), archaeology has very much been on the cutting edge of things. However, when it comes to using technology for outward facing purposes (the public archaeology component of the discipline), archaeology is very traditional in its practices. The physicality of archaeology (sites and artifacts) seems to have pushed public engagement and outreach towards much more analog practices (if I can use the term “analog” in that way).
So, what's to be done? Honestly, it isn't a great mystery. First (and perhaps most importantly) there needs to be some ground level, fundamental advocacy for digital games in public archaeology. Those of us who see the enormous potential of using digital games for public archaeology simply have to get out there and lay some serious groundwork – presenting our work (and seemingly unique perspective) at core disciplinary conferences and publishing in core disciplinary journals (easy, right?). The good thing is that, as with much of the academy, the natural process of scholarly generational evolution means that more and more digitally inclined grad students are becoming professors (or museum archaeologists, public sector archaeologists, private sector archaeologists, etc.) – graduate students who are probably a lot more comfortable and familiar with digital games (many of which are probably gamers themselves).
Part of what needs to be done also has to do with building a strong dialog with funders. That means talking with traditional archaeology funders (both private and public) about building and using games. In order to do this, we should also be doing some serious work on best practices in developing and using digital games in public archaeology (drawing upon the enormous wealth of existing work on game design and development, serious games, and meaningful play). Designing and developing games is complicated. We won't do anyone a service (and we sure as hell aren't going to get renewed funding for future projects) if the games we build are crappy, boring, and ineffective.
Oh yeah, and we have got to adress the whole Lara Croft thing (though, we'll leave that discussion for another day)
I've ordered the proof copy for my book, A Pharmacist's Guide to Inpatient Medical Emergencies and I look forward to hitting the final publish button very soon! To see the cover you can go to: clinicalpharmacybooks.com
Subscribe on iTunes, Android, or Stitcher
In this episode I'll discuss highlights from the new IDSA/ATS HAP/VAP guidelines.
The guidelines were published July 14, 2016 and are titled:
Management of Adults With Hospital-acquired and Ventilator-associated Pneumonia: 2016 Clinical Practice Guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America and the American Thoracic Society
General information
These guidelines went 11 years between updates. Three major differences between the 2005 and 2016 guidelines are:
1. Adoption of the GRADE methodology for the evaluation of all available evidence.
2. The removal of the concept of healthcare-associated pneumonia (HCAP).
3. A greater emphasis on local antibiograms altering the choice of empiric antibiotic therapy.
The panel unanimously agreed to remove the concept of HCAP from the guidelines. The main reason for the removal of HCAP is that contact with the healthcare system is not a good predictor of risk for multi-drug resistant (MDR) bacteria.
Local antibiograms and ICU-specific antibiograms are heavily emphasized throughout the guidelines.
The guidelines are specifically meant for application in nonimmunocompromised patients. The opportunistic pulmonary infections that immunocompromised patients are at risk for are not addressed.
Biomarkers
The guideline authors address the use of biomarkers such as procalcitonin, C-reactive protein, and the Clinical
Pulmonary Infection Score (CPIS).
The guidelines recommend not using any biomarkers to make the decision to initiate antibiotic therapy for HAP or VAP, and to rely on clinical criteria alone.
The guidelines provide a weak recommendation for the use of procalcitonin levels plus clinical criteria to make the decision on whether to discontinue antibiotic therapy in patients with HAP/VAP. One reason for the weak recommendation is that the control groups in the studies identified had antibiotic durations of 9 to 15 days. With the guideline recommendations for 7 days of therapy for HAP/VAP, it is unclear whether procalcitonin levels would be of benefit for deciding to stop antibiotics before 7 days is up.
Risk factors for multidrug-resistant (MDR) pathogens
Prior intravenous antibiotic use within 90 days is considered a risk factor for MDR including MDR psuedomonas in VAP or HAP. Prior intravenous antibiotic use within 90 days is also a risk factor for MRSA in VAP or HAP.
Beyond prior intravenous antibiotic use within 90 days, there are additional risk factors for MDR in VAP only:
– Septic shock at time of VAP
– ARDS preceding VAP
– Five or more days of hospitalization prior to the occurrence of VAP
– Acute renal replacement therapy prior to VAP onset
VAP treatment
MRSA coverage is suggested in VAP for patients with a risk factor for antibiotic resistance, or if the unit the patient is being treated in has more than a 10 to 20 % prevalence of MRSA among all staph aureus isolates. If the prevalence of MRSA is unknown it should be assumed to be high.
The guidelines give equal weight to the use of vancomycin and linezolid for MRSA coverage in VAP. The guideline authors suggest:
The choice between vancomycin and linezolid may be guided by patient-specific factors such as blood cell counts, concurrent prescriptions for serotonin-reuptake inhibitors, renal function, and cost.
The guidelines suggest prescribing 2 antipseudomonal antibiotics from different classes if the patient with VAP has risks for MDR or if more than 10% of the isolates in the unit are resistant to the choice of antipseudomonal antibiotic. Again if the prevalence of antibiotic resistance is unknown it should be assumed to be high. If patient has structural lung disease (bronchiectasis or cystic fibrosis), 2 antipseudomonal agents are recommended.
The guidelines recommend avoiding aminoglycosides and colistin if possible.
HAP treatment
The authors add an additional decision point for deciding on empiric antibiotic treatment for patients with HAP: whether or not the patient is at high risk of mortality. The authors consider patients with ventilator support or septic shock due to HAP at high risk of mortality.
Patients with no MRSA risk and who are not at high risk of mortality need coverage for MSSA and 1 antipseudomonal agent.
Patients with MRSA risk and who are not at high risk of mortality need coverage for MRSA and 1 antipseudomonal agent.
Patients with MRSA risk and who are at high risk of mortality need coverage for MRSA and 2 antipseudomonal agents.
Duration of therapy
The duration of therapy for VAP and HAP is strongly recommended to be 7 days.
Pharmacodynamic/pharmacokinetic optimization of antibiotic therapy
The authors give a weak recommendation that:
For patients with HAP/VAP, we suggest that antibiotic dosing be determined using PK/PD data, rather than the manufacturer's prescribing information.
In the context of the guidelines, PK/PD-optimized dosing refers to the use of antibiotic blood concentrations, extended and continuous infusions, and weight-based dosing for certain antibiotics.
Discussion
I hope the removal of HCAP, the emphasis on local antibiograms, and the recommendation to use PK/PD data rather than manufacturer's prescribing information provides some breathing room from CMS quality measures to allow for common sense and good clinical care to prevail.
My hospital does not have an ICU specific antibiogram. We have three adult ICUs with 8, 10, and 19 beds. It will be interesting to see if we can get a meaningful number of pseudomonas isolates to develop unit-specific guidance for when to use 2 antipseudomonal agents for HAP or VAP.
If you like this post, check out my book – A Pharmacist's Guide to Inpatient Medical Emergencies: How to respond to code blue, rapid response calls, and other medical emergencies.
<– Previous Post Next Post –>
Yeah it has been that kind of season in Anaheim this year. Torii Hunter was hit in the hand and left the game for x-rays. In extra innings, Kendry Morales is tackled at home plate by celebrating teammates after hitting a walk-off Grand Slam and his knee buckles. The preliminary report is ankle sprain. Brian Fuentes got the win in relief after pitching a scoreless 10th inning. Jered Weaver pitched 7 innings of 1 unearned run. Eric Karros tried to pretend he was a witness to history, assuring the Fox Saturday baseball crowd that there will soon be an edict to quell such celebrations throughout major league baseball.
Sam Miller of the OC Register tweets that Torii's X-Rays are negative.
tweets that Torii's X-Rays are negative. Rangers lose, Angels now trail Texas by 3 Games, but Oakland is now in first place, a half game ahead of the Rangers. Angels are 3.5 games out of 1st place and 3 games below .500...
Rob McMillin reports that the Angels have announced they are banning Home Plate dogpiles for walk-off celebrations. He also posted a picture of Kendry's ambulance leaving the stadium.
Final Score in Anaheim Saturday: Mariners 1, Angels 2011.
John A. Amicarella ... our deepest appreciation (as John Amicarella)
Melody Anderson ... our deepest appreciation
Michael Armstrong ... our deepest appreciation
John G. Avildsen ... our deepest appreciation
Mark Baard ... the producers wish to thank (as Mike Baard)
Chris Bamford ... the producers wish to thank
Adam Bardach ... special thanks
Antonia Batsakis ... the producers wish to thank
Hadrian Belove ... the producers wish to thank
Louise Bester ... the producers wish to thank
Martine Beswick ... our deepest appreciation
Jock Blair ... the producers wish to thank
Jan Gan Boyd ... our deepest appreciation
Megan Bradford ... the producers wish to thank
Lynette Britton ... the producers wish to thank
Pieter Jan Brugge ... our deepest appreciation
James Bruner ... our deepest appreciation
Liz Cameron ... the producers wish to thank
Sally Caplan ... the producers wish to thank
Michelle Carey ... the producers wish to thank
Zack Carlson ... the producers wish to thank
Richard Chamberlain ... our deepest appreciation
Michael Chambers ... our deepest appreciation
Mary Chen ... the producers wish to thank
Malcolm Christopher ... our deepest appreciation
Greydon Clark ... our deepest appreciation
Glenn Cochrane ... the producers wish to thank
Victoria Cook ... the producers wish to thank
Damian Cowell ... the producers wish to thank
Luigi Cozzi ... our deepest appreciation
Jacob Cronan ... the producers wish to thank
Olivia d'Abo ... our deepest appreciation
Bettina Dalton ... the producers wish to thank
Jérémie Damoiseau ... the producers wish to thank
Sybil Danning ... our deepest appreciation
Boaz Davidson ... our deepest appreciation
Allen DeBevoise ... our deepest appreciation
David Del Valle ... our deepest appreciation
Bo Derek ... our deepest appreciation
Christopher C. Dewey ... our deepest appreciation
Lucinda Dickey ... our deepest appreciation
Danny Dimbort ... our deepest appreciation
Elijah Drenner ... special thanks
Michael Dudikoff ... our deepest appreciation
Richard Edlund ... our deepest appreciation
Harrison Ellenshaw ... our deepest appreciation
David Engelbach ... our deepest appreciation
Quentin Falk ... our deepest appreciation
Michael Felsher ... the producers wish to thank
Sam Firstenberg ... our deepest appreciation
Robert Fischer ... the producers wish to thank
Neil Foley ... the producers wish to thank
Robert Forster ... our deepest appreciation
Diane Franklin ... our deepest appreciation
Nunzio Gambale ... the producers wish to thank
Lee Gambin ... the producers wish to thank
Mick Garris ... the producers wish to thank
Colin Geddes ... the producers wish to thank
Ulrich Genmacher ... the producers wish to thank
Marie Therese Giurgis ... the producers wish to thank
Gary Goddard ... our deepest appreciation
Artur Golczewski ... the producers wish to thank
Hayden Goldblatt ... the producers wish to thank
Mark Goldblatt ... our deepest appreciation
Robert Gosnell ... our deepest appreciation
Elliott Gould ... our deepest appreciation
David Gregory ... the producers wish to thank
John Grover ... our deepest appreciation
Cynthia Hargrave ... our deepest appreciation
Michael Hartman ... our deepest appreciation (as Mike Hartman)
Wings Hauser ... our deepest appreciation
Marcus Hearn ... the producers wish to thank
Mark Helfrich ... our deepest appreciation
Lance Hool ... our deepest appreciation
Tobe Hooper ... our deepest appreciation
Anita Hsieh ... the producers wish to thank
Just Jaeckin ... our deepest appreciation
Alain Jakubowicz ... our deepest appreciation
Fatime Juhasz ... the producers wish to thank
Sharon Kahn ... our deepest appreciation
Yftach Katzur ... our deepest appreciation
Matthew Kiernan ... the producers wish to thank
Richard Kraft ... our deepest appreciation
Laurene Landon ... our deepest appreciation
Roy Langsdon ... our deepest appreciation
Mark Lazarus ... the producers wish to thank
Tim League ... the producers wish to thank
Rusty Lemorande ... our deepest appreciation
Avi Lerner ... our deepest appreciation
Sheldon Lettich ... our deepest appreciation
Daniel Loewenthal ... our deepest appreciation
Tom Luddy ... our deepest appreciation
Dolph Lundgren ... our deepest appreciation
Christopher Malcolm ... our deepest appreciation
Charles Matthau ... our deepest appreciation (as Charlie Matthau)
Jeni McMahon ... the producers wish to thank
Vernon Messenger ... our deepest appreciation
Eva Mezei ... the producers wish to thank
Mike Molloy ... the producers wish to thank
Helen Mullane ... the producers wish to thank
Rick Nathanson ... our deepest appreciation
Catherine Nebauer ... the producers wish to thank
Gary Nelson ... our deepest appreciation
Franco Nero ... our deepest appreciation
Louis Nero ... the producers wish to thank
Ted Newsom ... our deepest appreciation
Matthew Nighingale ... the producers wish to thank
David Noakes ... the producers wish to thank
Affie Nuzum ... the producers wish to thank
Serge Ou ... the producers wish to thank
Anthony Palmer ... the producers wish to thank
Hengameh Panani ... the producers wish to thank
David Paulsen ... our deepest appreciation
Christopher Pearce ... our deepest appreciation (as Chris Pearce)
Cassandra Peterson ... our deepest appreciation
Harriet Pike ... the producers wish to thank
John Platt ... our deepest appreciation
Lars Plukker ... the producers wish to thank
Gideon Porath ... our deepest appreciation
Edward R. Pressman ... our deepest appreciation (as Ed Pressman)
Ron Purdie ... our deepest appreciation
Albert Pyun ... our deepest appreciation
Adolfo Quinones ... our deepest appreciation
Sheldon Renan ... our deepest appreciation
Molly Ringwald ... our deepest appreciation
Todd Roberts ... our deepest appreciation
Alan Roderick-Jones ... our deepest appreciation
Mimi Rogers ... our deepest appreciation
Ben Rose ... the producers wish to thank
Mark Rosenthal ... our deepest appreciation
Al Ruban ... our deepest appreciation
William Sachs ... our deepest appreciation
Jerry Schatzberg ... our deepest appreciation
Barbet Schroeder ... our deepest appreciation
Robin Sherwood ... our deepest appreciation
Jim Shooter ... our deepest appreciation
Marina Sirtis ... our deepest appreciation
Corrie Soeterboek ... the producers wish to thank
Andrew Stevens ... our deepest appreciation
Catherine Mary Stewart ... our deepest appreciation
William Stout ... our deepest appreciation
Paul Talbot ... the producers wish to thank
Michael Tear ... the producers wish to thank
John Thompson ... our deepest appreciation
Oliver Tobias ... our deepest appreciation
Stephen Tolkin ... our deepest appreciation
Brian Udovich ... the producers wish to thank
Caroline Verge ... the producers wish to thank
Tracey Vieira ... the producers wish to thank
Lucas Vossoughi ... the producers wish to thank
Calum Waddell ... the producers wish to thank
Pete Walker ... our deepest appreciation
Alex Winter ... our deepest appreciation
Dan Wolman ... our deepest appreciation
David Womark ... our deepest appreciation
Roni Ya'ackov ... our deepest appreciation
Frank Yablans ... our deepest appreciation
Franco Zeffirelli ... our deepest appreciation
CTV Toronto
Toronto Mayor John Tory won a narrow victory on Thursday when council voted in favour of the $919-million hybrid option for the Gardiner Expressway.
Tory, who was championing the idea leading up to Thursday's meeting, was met with fierce opposition at City Hall. Approximately a third of Tory's executive team voted against him, supporting the removal option instead.
Tory, however, managed to secure a few wild-card votes, and the hybrid option was adopted, squeaking through council 24-21.
"I think we made a major step forward in having a debate that was respectful in its tone," Tory told reporters.
Thursday's victory was a major win for Tory as many considered it the most significant vote so far since he won the municipal election in October. The Gardiner vote also revealed an urban-suburban split among councillors.
Opponents of the hybrid option, which included councillors from the old city of Toronto, vowed to continue fighting for drivers in the city.
"I would say, unfortunately, this is not over," Coun. Pam McConnell said. "You can't win by two or three votes and expect the city will move forward."
Councillors were considering two options that were recommended by the city staff earlier this year:
1. Removal
Supported by city staff in a report last February, this option involved the removal of the elevated Gardiner structure east of Jarvis Street, and the creation of a multi-lane ground-level roadway. The cost of the tear-down option had been pegged at $461 million. According to a May report written by the University of Toronto's Centre for Intelligent Transportation Systems, tearing down the eastern portion of the Gardiner could add an extra 10 minutes to a driver's morning commute.
2. Hybrid alternative
This option will cost $919 million and involves maintaining a link between the Gardiner and the Don Valley Parkway. The on- and off-ramps east of the Don River that extend to Logan Avenue, however, will be demolished. And east of the Don River, the Lakeshore will be rebuilt as a six-lane boulevard.
Rob Ford makes an appearance
Coun. Rob Ford was also at city council on Thursday, the first time since undergoing cancer surgery.
Dressed in a red tracksuit, the former mayor appeared to be his old self, rejecting both options for the 1.7-kilometre stretch of the Gardiner east of Jarvis and instead suggested that the roadway stay as it is.
"Is it literally crumbling? Is it something we have to do immediately? I say no. All the roads – we have potholes, we have issues with all our expressways," Ford told reporters.
But according to a City of Toronto assessment that was released in April, keeping the status quo would cost the city an estimated $864 million.
With a report from CTV Toronto's Natalie Johnson
Hello. SB Nation's baseball sites aren't voting for their own MVP, Cy Young, or Rookie of the Year awards this year. Please, please, sit down. Order! Order! Let me explain. It was determined that while fun, there was no, you know, point. It also turned out that bloggers were just as terrible at voting as normal baseball writers, and that made everyone around here self-conscious. No, it's probably best that the awards slink away and think about what they've done.
In their place: Awards in categories that aren't covered by the BBWAA. Best eyes, class clown, most likely to sacrifice, that sort of thing. First up, though, we have to pick the funniest moment of the season.
I'll admit, I'm almost certainly going to screw this up. The baseball season is too danged long, and there's no easy way to retrace your steps and dust for funny. I combed videos, GIFs, and Vines, and I'm still sure that I missed some very, very funny and important moments. Yell at me in the comments.
In no particular order ...
Hunter Pence swearing a lot
It starts with Amy Gutierrez, so very hopeful, directing the camera to one of those famous Hunter Pence speeches. How will he inspire his teammates this time?
Before Pence starts in, someone yells "language!" That might be the best part. Hunter! Language! Remember the TV cameras!
Well, he certainly wasn't wrong. The Giants did have a lot of ... that ... stuff ... go wrong. My only regret with this video is that I can't find the tweet from the Dodgers fan who made fun of the Giants celebrating the second wild card spot.
The Pirates are awful, if for a brief moment
Your browser does not support iframes.
That almost cost the Pirates home-field advantage in the Wild Card Game. Not that it would have mattered. Still, funny to think of. I watch this video every month, usually because I stumble on it looking for something else. I get what happened. Travis Snider thought the bases were already loaded, probably because Jean Machi was pitching, and he started loping to third. This came when the Giants were still in a death plummet, and it was needed.
And in that same game ...
BEER FACE
Hey, beer face, nice beer for a face. We can laugh at it because a) she's alright and b) her son got the ball back. You'll see videos like this every year, but this one is a Platonic ideal of the genre. Right in the beer. With slow-motion. And there are great faces and such all around. From the recap:
1. The kid in the white jersey making a valiant effort. 2. Michael Morse pretending that he's athletic and missing the ball by eight feet. 3. The beer. 4. The beer-holding woman who was a gust of wind away from drinking her meals for the next month. 5. Mike Krukow's narration. 6. The guy who jumped on the freaking rail but forgot to catch the ball. 7. The kid in the black jersey whose eyes were closed. 8. The umpire who comes in at the last second to see if everything's okay.
Jean Machi runs 4.1 seconds to first base
Here's a video:
Your browser does not support iframes.
You time it. Here's Machi running, synced up with Gregor Blanco running:
Blanco beats him, but not by as much as he should. Note that Machi wasn't given a hit on that one, which is a crime.
Ducks!
Dammit, Pirates. What was your problem this year? Stop being so weird. Except, thanks for being weird enough to start Edinson Volquez in the most important game of the season.
Flying Monkey
Every time I think I'm expecting to know what in the hell is flying past the screen, the GIF repeats and it's still a mystery. Is it a manta ray? A puffin? A pigeon dressed up in a uniform because it is a crime-fighting pigeon? I'm on flying monkey for the moment, but that's subject to change.
Panda's unfortunate swing
Your browser does not support iframes.
Five years, $50,000.
When I try to swing this late in MLB: The Show, the computer doesn't let me. I get that Sandoval is trying to protect the runner (and possibly should have gotten the runner called out for interference), but it's still amazing to think of the neurons that had to fire for this swing to exist. The biggest upset is probably that Sandoval didn't hit it for a double.
Hunter Pence throws bat on 0-2 pitch, gets single
This was an early disturbance of the trolling force.
Your browser does not support iframes.
It was as if a million voices cried out "How in the hell?" at once, and were quickly annoyed. Or, wait, no, they were sucked into the jaws of an even year, where they were slowly digested over 10,000 Chevy/Kid Rock commercials.
Pence and Morse and Rule 34
The video is amusing.
Your browser does not support iframes.
There are good screenshots to be had:
But, really, taking things out of context for our interactive slash-fic is where it's at.
Oh, how I wish Morse were a great fielder so he could play in the same outfield as Pence for the next four years. Also, note that Morse looks like Pickford from Dazed and Confused.
Pat Burrell vs. Bruce Bochy acting like a buffoon
Bochy is a large human being. For whatever reason, though -- perspective? Burrell also being gigantic? -- he looks like a kid in this GIF. A big, nonsensical, goofy-ass kid. That's the first part of the GIF, and it's enough to make the list.
But not only does Burrell clobber the pitch, he walks off as if he's unironically mumbling, "Damn straight, Pat" or "Yeah, that's how you do it, Pat Burrell" or "Mmmpf, you're Pat Burrell, baby" or "Pat Burrell" under his breath. After this swing, he left, flew 1,000 miles, and hid out in your bedroom closet, hoping for a Big Jim Slade moment because that's his job now.
There's a poll. But you probably have alternative suggestions. I was going to end it with "The Giants actually won the World Series" and include that in the poll, but I didn't want to skew the results. We all know that was the funniest moment of the season. Troll the world. Pretend like you were serious while you were doing it. Well done, gentlemen. Well done.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A decision by the US Supreme Court today to reject seven pending appeals in lawsuits to allow gays to marry could allow same-sex couples to marry in as many as eleven new states.
The high court today denied seven pending appeals, and came as an unexpected twist in a drawn-out battle for same-sex marriage in the US. The court also rejected calls for a nationwide ruling on same-sex marriage.
The rejection means federal appeals court decision will take effect, legalising same-sex marriage in Utah, Oklahoma, Indiana, Virginia and Wisconsin.
The decision could also mean that same-sex marriage automatically becomes legal in six other states – Colorado, Wyoming, Kansas, West Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, because they all fall under the jurisdiction of those courts.
If the ruling plays out as such, it would mean same-sex marriage is legal in 30 US states, as well as the District of Columbia.
Same-sex couples in other states will need to wait for other rulings, and the issue of same-sex marriage is far from resolved. Federal appeals courts in San Francisco and Cincinnati have already heard arguments on the issue, and could rule imminently.
In order for the Supreme Court to take up a case for review, four out of the nine justices must vote to hear it.
Evan Wolfson, president of Freedom to Marry, released a statement saying: “Today's decision by the Supreme Court leaves in force five favourable marriage rulings reached in three federal appellate courts, ensuring the freedom to marry for millions more Americans around the country. The Court's letting stand these victories means that gay couples will soon share in the freedom to marry in 30 states, representing 60% of the American people.
“But we are one country, with one Constitution, and the Court's delay in affirming the freedom to marry nationwide prolongs the patchwork of state-to-state discrimination and the harms and indignity that the denial of marriage still inflicts on too many couples in too many places. As waves of freedom to marry litigation continue to surge, we will continue to press the urgency and make the case that America – all of America — is ready for the freedom to marry, and the Supreme Court should finish the job.”
When association football takes over the USA - and it will - it will be because of nights like Wednesday night in Livonia, Michigan. It will be because of ultras like the Northern Guard, Detroit City FC's rabid, profane, hilarious supporters group. And it will be because of matches like this one, games filled to bursting with blood and thunder, won and lost and won again several times in the course of an exhausting two-hour-plus passion play.
The game, played under a roiling, rainy spring overcast, seemed tailor-made for voiceovers from John Facenda, his basso profundo making everything sound like the Four Horseman by Grantland Rice: "The winners on the night were the visitors, Chicago's own RWB Adria, who scored with the last kick of regular time and forced the game to penalty kicks. Under the slate-grey sky, the more experienced Croatians held their nerve and won the shootout, 3-1, after a 2-2 draw in 120 minutes of a game that felt increasingly like war." (Then everyone could write about how Facenda compares everything to war; good times.)
The Northern Guard is where family-friendly entertainment went slumming and got stomped biker-style into intensive care
The teams could not have been more different. Detroit City was founded a mere two years ago; in that brief span, this collection of unpaid college players has become the primary gravity well for soccer passion in southeast Michigan. "We're ruining football and we don't care!" the Northern Guard sings gleefully, but of course they don't mean it. What they mean, in the ironic inversion typical of our time, is something far better: They're saving football, and they couldn't care more. By the time the game kicked off, their numbers were over 600 and climbing.
In contrast, RWB Adria is a Croatian amateur side founded in 1959 that plays mostly in leagues around the Chicago area, along with the occasional Croat soccer get-together. They considered themselves longshots, and brought a small family of supporters.
"I don't know, I'm very proud of the guys," Adria manager Ante Loncar said after the win, all the while smoking and laughing with fans in Croatian. "This is pretty great. We thought we'd have a chance, but we just got done playing indoor. We seriously have practiced maybe twice outside." The Adria (which is short for Adriatic, the sea which borders Croatia) crowd was tight-knit but far-flung, with a friendly group of rivals from Windsor, Ontario showing up in tribal solidarity.
The football on offer was scrappy and unlovely, the futbol equivalent to three-yards-and-a-cloud-of-dust on the gridiron. Even without Facenda's gravitas to lend the proceedings heft, the game was fascinating. DCFC's initial exuberance was greeted with howling delight by the Northern Guard, who repeatedly warned that "There's gonna be a party in Detroit - no one's sleeping tonight" while the drums pounded out rhythms that vibrated through the aluminum stands and the people standing on them. Adria responded calmly, trying to feed massive target man Vlad Baciu at every opportunity. It was Baciu who broke the deadlock in the 16th minute, finishing a knockdown header off a corner kick with simple aplomb, and the visitors led, 0-1.
"It was my fault," DCFC coach Ben Pirmann said after the game. "I didn't have them ready to go. We weren't ready for kickoff, and that first 15 minutes we weren't ready to play.
"It's disappointing, because we think we've got a talented team here, but it is what it is. We've only had, like, two and half practices. A couple of these guys have only trained 45 minutes with the team. It's tough."
by Sarah Hylla Spence for Hot Time in the Old Town
There are a few things about the Northern Guard that set them apart from the burgeoning mass of American supporters' groups. The first - and most likely the thing most visitors would notice - is that, despite the presence of several families in their midst, they are loudly, hilariously vulgar, and use profanity with a ferociousness and familiarity that is almost admirable. The Northern Guard is where family-friendly entertainment went slumming and got stomped biker-style into an intensive care ward. Their iconography marries fleur-de-lis with skull-and-crossbones themed pirate flags. When the opposing team is introduced, they turn their backs and raise their middle fingers toward the field, fists clenched in cheerful tribal hatred.
Their joy at success is infectious. Detroit City continued pressing hard and running at Adria, sniffing out a few half-chances, until Tyler Arnone ran onto a skidding cross in the 71st minute and finished far-post to tie the game. The eruption of drumming, singing and creative profanity had not abated when Kevin Taylor - an older hand, whose career in the lower reaches of American soccer spans more than a decade - lost his mark on a corner kick to head City into the lead. With 13 minutes to play in its first-ever Open Cup match, Detroit City had the lead, 2-1.
The goal came with an unusual record: Longest span between goals in Open Cup play. Taylor, then a 20-year-old prospect, scored for the Michigan Bucks in the early rounds of the 2003 Open Cup, so this goal marks his second in the tournament, almost precisely 11 years after the first.
by Sarah Hylla Spence for Hot Time in the Old Town
"Blow the f--king whistle! Blow it! F--k you, you f--king c--t, blow the f--king whistle!" The game was easily five minutes into final stoppage time when Baciu struck again, like before cleaning up a scrum around the box with a simple, calm finish - ripping a rebound into the roof of the net forcefully enough to unseat it - to tie the game, 2-2. The previous 15 minutes or so had seen the game's intensity grow beyond simple sporting pleasure and into a territory of personal vendetta; the players responded to the live-wire intensity of the supporters by taking fouls as personal affronts, with all the vengeance and retribution that attitude promises.
Once Baciu's finish signalled overtime, Northern Guard flirted with madness - the game should've been over prior to the tying goal. "I'm blind, I'm deaf, I want to be a ref," they chanted, innocuously enough, while the supporters who'd filtered out of the stands to stand at the fence produced an avalanche of abuse for the officials they felt had screwed them. "You shouldn't be alive, ref," one guy repeatedly shouted. "How much did they pay you? YOU SHOULDN'T BE ALIVE."
Each side had chances to take the lead very early in extra time. RWB Adria had a decent penalty shout turned down three minutes in, then William Mellors-Blair of Detroit City had a clean look at goal twice in 60 seconds - the first shot sliding just wide, the second chance coming to nothing after a rough first touch. Shocked by the speed with which the game was hewing to one end and the other, each team pulled back after the first five minutes, and the game stalled into a brief chess match as everyone rested on the ball. The Northern Guard, meanwhile, redoubled its efforts, and the players, stung into action, had to do something.
Perhaps it is inevitable, then, that a game played in this stew of emotion became a barely-controlled leg-breaking contest in the waning minutes of extra time. Marin Vucemilovic-Grgic, whose quickness around the ball had caused Detroit some difficulty, was the first to get sent off, plowing through a tackle at midfield to earn a straight red card in the 111th minute. City's Zeke Harris was sent off three minutes later, after challenging Adria keeper Igor Dimov and skirmishing briefly with striker Derek Huffman, who was himself sent off in the aftermath. A head injury a few minutes before had sidelined DCFC's Ryan Thelen, meaning the game finished drawn at 2 with each team having 9 men on the field.
by Sarah Hylla Spence for Hot Time in the Old Town
Penalty kicks are no way to pick a winner. Anyone will tell you that. Distilling the energy-swallowing essence of football down to a cold-blooded skill competition certainly favors experience over passion, and once the game was defined in that way, it was strictly no contest. RWB Adria's family men have played together for years, in indoor leagues and outdoor tournaments and pickup games; their almost contemptuous finishing in the shootout was something to behold.
The first two finishes had a ‘top this' feel, with Johnny Morris' top-90 finish just beating out Semir Mesanovic's side-netting job for style points. DCFC didn't have the same fortune, getting two saved and missing on another to make Judson McKinney's successful penalty, the fourth for Adria, the game-winner.
"We're just glad to get through," said a jovial Loncar. "We lost like this last year, in penalties, to Michigan Bucks, you know. Now we've got them again in a week and we'll see."
"We'll need most of the week to recover!" said one of the others in the group, to uproarious laughter. Some of them had a trip across the Port Huron bridge ahead of them, but seemed in no hurry to leave.
"We win this one, you know, for the little guys," Loncar said. "We are a play-in team. We got here because we were the USASA Amateur champions - we won it in ‘11, lost in the finals in ‘12, and won in ‘13."
Loncar's charges have a chance for some revenge next week, as they visit the same Michigan Bucks side that eliminated them from the Open Cup last year. Detroit City FC opens NPSL play on Saturday against Cincinnati.
It's all to play for, and forever to play it in. As it should be. As it must be.
It may resemble something out of a Doctor Who film, but this is Cygan - one of the earliest humanoid robots.
Created in 1957, a decade before the first computer and 33 years before the internet was invented, it was one of the most sophisticated of its time.
Now, after languishing for years in a private collection, it is up for auction at Christie's .
The eight-foot giant was first presented at a fair in Milan and then travelled to Olympia, London, in 1958 to perform in front of astonished crowds.
Cygan captivated children and adults alike, walking around the auditorium and showing off its dance moves.
Originally, Cygan, designed by Dr Ing Fiorito, an aeromodeller from Turin, Italy, could walk forwards or backwards, turn right or left, raise its arms and could lift items.
It was an extremely advanced model for the time, with a capacity to respond to spoken commands, signals and light rays. It could shift its enormous weight of 1,000 lbs at a rate of 10 feet per minute.
Cygan is to be put up for sale with an estimate of £6,000 – £8,000 at Christie's Out of the Ordinary auction starting on September 5.
Follow Telegraph Art on Twitter
Narya (i.e. the "Ring of Fire") was one of the three Rings of Power made originally for the Elves.
Contents show]
Description Edit
Narya is described as having the power to inspire others to resist tyranny, domination and despair, as well as having the power (in common with the other Three Rings) to hide the wielder from remote observation (except by the wielder of the One) and giving resistance to the weariness of time. It is also thought to have magical properties and fire powers, as when fighting Durin's Bane, Gandalf claims to wield the Flame of Anor.
History Edit
Second Age Edit
Created by Celebrimbor in the Second Age, along with Nenya and Vilya, after Sauron disguised as the mysterious Annatar and left Eregion, Narya was free of his influence, having been crafted only by Celebrimbor himself and later hidden from Annatar's grasp - but it still was bound to the One Ring. According to the Unfinished Tales, at the start of the War of the Elves and Sauron, Celebrimbor gave Narya together with the Ring Vilya to Gil-galad, High King of the Ñoldor. Gil-galad entrusted Narya to his lieutenant Círdan, Lord of the Havens of Mithlond, who kept it after Gil-galad's death.
Third Age Edit
Upon the arrival of Gandalf in Middle-earth on TA 1000, Círdan, knowing Gandalf's true nature and duty, gave him Narya to aid him in his labours.[1]
None save Elrond, Galadriel and Cirdan knew that Gandalf bore it through the Third Age. It is unknown how or where Gandalf used it, but during the siege of Minas Tirith he inspires hope and courage in men wherever he passes. This may be one example of Narya's influence. It is unknown if the ring enhanced Gandalf's power over fire. Elrond firmly stated that while the Three Rings are not idle they were not made as weapons of war. They were made to preserve and heal. As they were made to ward off the effects of time, at best the rings could give the wielder extra stamina and endurance, as Cirdan stated when he gave Narya to Gandalf. The ring was revealed on Gandalf's finger at the Grey Havens, where he bore it back to the Undying Lands and presumably kept it as a relic.
Portrayal in adaptations Edit
Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy Edit
In The Hobbit Extended Edition, specifically in the The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, an additional scene includes Gandalf being questioned about Narya at Dol Guldur. True to the books, Narya itself is invisible, but reveals itself on Gandalf's hand when questioned.
Narya is also visible on Gandalf's hand at the end of The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the King during the Grey Havens scene.
The Fellowship of the Ring Edit
While fighting Durin's Bane, Gandalf claims to be the wielder of the flame of Anor and servant of the Secret Fire. Although it is unlikely that Gandalf would reveal his ownership of Narya to an enemy. It could be that Gandalf was simply trying to scare the Balrog into fleeing (knowing the Balrog had no loyalties to Sauron at the time) by announcing himself as a servant of the Valar and through them Eru Ilúvatar, who alone possesses the Flame Imperishable within himself.
Etymology Edit
In Quenya, Narya means "Fiery red", from narwa ("fiery red").[2]
Translations around the world Edit
Foreign Language Translated name Amharic ኛርያ Arabic ناريا Armenian Նարյա Belarusian Cyrillic Нарыа Bengali ণার্যা Bosnian Narja Bulgarian Cyrillic Нария Chinese ? 納亞 Georgian ნარია Greek Ναρυα Gujarati નર્યા Hebrew נריה Hindi णर्य​ ? Japanese ナルヤ Kannada ನರಿಯಾ Kazakh Нарыя (Cyrillic) Narıya (Latin) Kyrgyz Cyrillic Наря Macedonian Cyrillic Нарија Marathi नाराय Mongolian Cyrillic Нарыа Nepalese नार्य Pashto ناریا Persian ناریا Russian Нарья Sanskrit णर्य​ Serbian Нариа (Cyrillic) Naria (Latin) Sinhalese නාරියා Slovenian Narja Tajik Cyrillic Нариа Tamil நெறய Telugu నార్య Thai นาร์ยา Ukrainian Cyrillic Нариа Urdu ںاریا Uzbek Наря (Cyrillic) Narya (Latin) Yiddish נאַריאַ
Authored by John Solomon via Circa.com,
During his final year in office, President Obama's team significantly expanded efforts to search National Security Agency intercepts for information about Americans, distributing thousands of intelligence reports across government with the unredacted names of U.S. residents in the midst of a divisive 2016 presidential election.
The data, made available this week by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, provides the clearest evidence to date of how information accidentally collected by the NSA overseas about Americans was subsequently searched and disseminated after President Obama loosened privacy protections to make such sharing easier in 2011 in the name of national security. A court affirmed his order.
The revelations are particularly sensitive since the NSA is legally forbidden from directly spying on Americans and its authority to conduct warrantless searches on foreigners is up for renewal in Congress later this year. And it comes as lawmakers investigate President Trump's own claims that his privacy was violated by his predecessor during the 2016 election.
In all, government officials conducted 30,355 searches in 2016 seeking information about Americans in NSA intercept metadata, which include telephone numbers and email addresses. The activity amounted to a 27.5 percent increase over the prior year and more than triple the 9,500 such searches that occurred in 2013, the first year such data was kept.
The government in 2016 also scoured the actual contents of NSA intercepted calls and emails for 5,288 Americans, an increase of 13 percent over the prior year and a massive spike from the 198 names searched in 2013.
The searches ultimately resulted in 3,134 NSA intelligence reports with unredacted U.S. names being distributed across government in 2016, and another 3,354 reports in 2015. About half the time, U.S. identities were unredacted in the original reports while the other half were unmasked after the fact by special request of Obama administration officials.
Among those whose names were unmasked in 2016 or early 2017 were campaign or transition associates of President Trump as well as members of Congress and their staffers, according to sources with direct knowledge.
The data kept by ODNI is missing some information from one of the largest consumers of NSA intelligence, the FBI, and officials acknowledge the numbers are likely much higher when the FBI's activity is added.
"There is no doubt that there was a spike in the requests to search for Americans in the NSA database,” a U.S. official familiar with the intelligence told Circa, speaking only on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the data. “It's simply easier for people to make requests. And while we have safeguards, there is always concern and vigilance about possible political or prurient motives that go beyond national security concerns.”
A top lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, which has long raised concerns about the NSA's ability to spy on Americans, said the rise in searches is a troubling pattern that should concern members of both political parties because it has occurred with little oversight from the courts or Congress.
“I think it is alarming. There seems to be a universal trend toward more surveillance and more surveillance that impacts Americans' privacy without obtaining a warrant,” said Neema Singh Guliani, the ACLU's legislative counsel. “This data confirms that there is a lack of acknowledgment that information is being specifically and increasingly mined about Americans for investigations that have little or nothing to do with international terrorism,” she added.
The ACLU's concerns were heightened by the release last month of apreviously classified Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court document that revealed that then NSA has a “potentially very large and broad" collection of data on U.S persons that was never intended under the law.
U.S. intelligence officials confirmed the growth in queries about Americans' data held by the NSA but declined to explain the reasons, except to say the requests for access grew after intelligence agency officials became more comfortable with Obama's 2011 order.
They stressed the NSA has strict rules in place to govern when searches for Americans are being conducted and when a U.S. person's identity can be unmasked. They also hailed the release of the new data as a step toward greater transparency."
As a community, we look for new ways to enhance transparency,” said Alex Joel, who leads ODNI's Office of Civil Liberties, Privacy, and Transparency. “Our goal is to provide relevant information, distilled into an accessible format. This year's report leans forward in that direction, providing significant information beyond what's statutorily required, and reflecting our concerted effort to enhance clarity."
The data emerges just weeks after Circa first reported that Obama substantially eased the rules starting in 2011 allowing for government officials, including political appointees, to unmask and obtain information about Americans in NSA intercepts.
The easing allowed appointees like former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to request and review the unmasked names of Trump campaign or transition officials intercepted in foreign conversations late last year. And it also resulted in the frequent unmasking of members of Congress and their staff, as often as once a month, Circa reported.
The NSA is allowed to spy on foreign powers without a court warrant under Section 702 of the Foreign Surveillance Intelligence Act but is forbidden from targeting Americans.
For years, the NSA was required to follow strict rules to protect the accidental intercepts of Americans from being consumed by other government agencies. The rules required a process known as minimization, where the identity of an intercepted American is redacted or masked with generic references like “American No. 1.”
But the intelligence community fought hard over the last decade starting under President George W. Bush and continuing under Obama to gain greater access to NSA intercepts of Americans overseas, citing the growing challenges of stopping lone wolf terrorists, state-sponsored hackers, and foreign threats. Obama obliged with a series of orders that began in 2011, moves that were approved by the FISC.
Today, the power to unmask an American's name -- once considered a rare event in the intelligence and civil liberty communities -- now resides with about 20 NSA officials.
The FBI also has the ability to unmask Americans' names collected under FISA to other intelligence professionals and policymakers, though it hasn't provided data on its frequency.
And the justification for requesting such unmasking can be as simple as claiming “the identity of the United States person is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance,” according to a once-classified document that the Obama administration submitted in October 2011 for approval by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
That memo laid out specifically how and when the NSA could unmask an American's identity.
Intelligence officials try to assauge concerns by saying that FISA Section 702 activities are really focused only on foreign powers and stopping national security threats, an argument FBI Director James Comey struck anew Wednesday during testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
“702 is a critical tool to protect this country and the way it works is we are allowed to conduct surveillance again, under the supervision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court on non-U.S. persons who are outside the United States if they're using American infrastructure; an email system in the United States, a phone system in the United States. So it doesn't involve U.S. persons and doesn't involve activity in the United States,” Comey testified.
But numerous civil liberty experts, including the ACLU's Guliani, say such representations aren't accurate because the NSA accidentally collects so much information on Americans and then shares it after the fact. The FBI, for instance, regularly queries the NSA database and the declassified court document in March said “there is no requirement that the matter be a serious one nor that it have any relation to national security.”
“I think it shows that the facade that government gives that these programs are just targeted at foreigners is just that, a façade,” Guliani told Circa. “The reality is we have an invasive surveillance program and the data we have shows the impact on Americans is quite substantial.”
A federal judge in Washington has ruled in 2013 and again in 2015 that the NSA collection of data on Americans violates the 4th Amendment of the Constitution, but that ruling is winding its way through appeals. The FISA court, meanwhile, continues to support the intelligence community's continued use of the data, as recently as in 2015.
Circa is in the process of filing what's called a "Mandatory Declassification Review," the legal process that asks the government to declassify certain information.
FISCAL FACT
The Tax Foundaon is a 501(c)(3) non-parsan, non-prot research instuon founded in 1937 to educate the public on tax policy. Based in Washington, DC, our economic and policy analysis is guided by the principles of sound tax policy: s implicity, neutrality , transparency, and stability. ©2016 Tax Foundaon Distributed under Creave Commons CC-BY-NC 4.0 Editor, Melodie Bowler Designer, Dan Carvajal Tax Foundation 1325 G Street, NW, Suite 950 Washington, DC 20005 202.464.6200 taxfoundaon.org
Details and Analysis of Senator Bernie Sanders's Tax Plan
By Alan Cole and Scott Greenberg
E c o n o m i s t A n a l y s t
Jan. 2016 No. 498
Key Findings:
·
Senator Sanders (I-VT) would enact a number of policies that would raise payroll taxes and individual income taxes, especially on high-income households.
·
Senator Sanders's plan would raise tax revenue by $13.6 trillion over the next decade on a static basis. Howev er, the plan would end up collecting $9.8 trillion over the next decade when accounting for decreased economic output in the long run.
·
A majority of the revenue raised by the Sanders plan would come from a new 6.2 percent employer-side payroll tax, a new 2.2 percent broad-based income tax, and the elimination of tax expenditures relating to healthcare.
·
According to the Tax Foundation's Taxes and Growth Model, the plan would significantly increase marginal tax rates and the cost of capital, which would lead to 9.5 percent lower GDP over the long term.
·
Narrative Belief
Ash McAllan Blocked Unblock Follow May 31, 2017
I talk about myself online a lot. I write a journal and I tweet aplenty and one of the things that is an important part of my life, which people have asked about, is Narrative Belief. I was raised in the Uniting Church and then left in my late teen years, evolving into an angry atheist by the time I was in university. Since then I've grown in a lot of ways, including coming back to seeing the value of the religion I had, even if I cannot convince myself to believe in its dogma. These days I try to use the ideas, practices, and tools available to me to not only make my own life more meaningful but also to help those around me engage in their own lives in ways that are meaningful to them. Narrative Belief is a key element of that, especially considering the primarily secular nature of the communities I engage with. So I thought I would put together a little primer on Narrative Belief for those who are interested.
This is a crosspost of this article from my blog.
Narrative Belief is a belief or form of belief that you engage with intentionally for the purposes of enhancing your own life with narrative despite knowing and understanding that it is not factually/logically/empirically true.
While my wife and I know that Santa Claus does not exist, we act as if he does at Christmas. While I see no reason to think that a higher power actually exists, I still pray to one in times of distress or times of comfort. My wife does not think that tarot cards can predict the future but she still draws one every morning to prepare her for her day.
This is specifically distinct from faith, which is continuing to believe that something IS true in the face of evidence against it or a lack of evidence for it.
Narrative Belief is also distinct from Nominal Belief; belief held for the purposes of identity, which a person might not consider to be literally true if pressed but of which the person considers themselves a believer regardless. Because they are primarily held for the purposes of identity or community membership nominal beliefs don't need to be deeply questioned by the holder. In this way the function of the belief, and the understanding that the belief is not true, are implicit in Nominal Belief whereas they are explicit in Narrative Belief. Unfortunately the implicit nature of Nominal Belief also leaves it open to manipulation either intentionally or unintentionally by members of the belief community.
The explicit statement of recognising the functional purpose and the lack of truth within Narrative Belief is what makes it both useful and safe. By choosing to say, “I know this isn't true but I'm going to treat it as if it is for now,” we open ourselves up to the benefits that those beliefs might convey to us without compromising the ways in which our rational mind is capable of protecting us and preventing us from harming others unintentionally.
We already rely on the rationality of our minds to protect us in these sorts of ways almost constantly. We use it to try to make sense of the world as it truly is, because to be unaware of threats or to assume safety where there is none often leads to harm. To this end we have shaped the rationality of our minds into tools like mathematics and the scientific method which allow us to make ever more precise judgments about the world; what is boon and what is bane. But to assume that our minds are purely rational is to fail to examine ourselves critically. Rationality itself is just one of the evolutionary products of a brain that is structured to find and match patterns. There are plenty of other irrational modes of thinking that we employ all the time in our day-to-day lives as well. We employ them because they take less energy than the high level processing of rationality. We personify and attribute minds to all sorts of complex systems such as the weather or technology. We see faces in random patterns of light and dark. We create stories of victory, defeat, solemnity, and celebration around yearly seasonal cycles. Our brains are shaped in ways that recognise certain kinds of patterns much more easily than others.
Over millennia the thousands of distinct cultures across the globe have worked out innumerable ways of thinking about the different parts of their lives and held on to the ones that were either useful or made their lives richer. Many of these are purely or partly rational. We don't tend to attribute to gremlins that which we can see is the result of gravity. We don't say it is our lack of faith that causes us to fall to the ground when we lose our footing from high up. However, the complex physical interactions that caused us to lose our footing in the first place might be opaque enough that we place blame for that onto our old buddy Lucifer. While it's tempting to dismiss these non-rational beliefs or parts of beliefs as being inferior,​ we should actually look at why these ideas survive in the memetic pools of culture. Some are simply defensive; they survive by attacking other ideas and defending themselves from retribution. Those tend to be the least valuable to the Narrative Believer. However, many other irrational beliefs serve those who hold them well. They might be a helpful simple model for a complex system that doesn't need to be fully understood. They might make the lives of those who believe them fuller, more exciting, or more pleasant. They might provide support for some of the psychological needs of the people who believe them who cannot find that support elsewhere. They may provide a powerful placebo effect that is actually effective in changing the believers for the better in some way, such as the removal of pain or anxiety. Just because these beliefs aren't necessarily based on empirical evidence does not mean they are of no value to secular people at all, in fact, the opposite is true.
Learning to recognise the value of certain beliefs regardless of their rationality and to be able to engage with them opens up a world of possibilities for those who choose to do so. The childish joy of receiving gifts “from Father Christmas” without having to engage in the usual politics around festive gift giving, the separating of troubles and blessings into those within and outside our own control through prayer, the mental preparation and framing of the day that comes with drawing a tarot card are all tangible benefits that I see around me from engaging in irrational beliefs within the safety of a mental sandbox. The point is that I can engage in these beliefs and reap those benefits while still consciously knowing that I can nope out if they push me in a direction that I'm not comfortable with. I'm not going to take any actions that assume that a higher being will hear and respond to my prayer, my wife isn't going to go out and hurt someone because she thinks that's what a tarot card says she should do, and no one is going to make stock market investment decisions based on artificial flooding of the toy market by a jolly old arctic hermit.
This has come naturally to me as a person with a long history with roleplaying games and might do too for actors or writers or anyone else who already engages with the process of thinking through someone else's eyes. For others it may take some practice, but we are powerful empathy machines. The same mechanisms that allow us to benefit from these sorts of stories allow us to learn other stories from those around us if we're willing to listen and try on their shoes. We don't have to walk a mile in them, but we can take a few steps and see what it feels like.
The practice of Narrative Belief doesn't happen in a vacuum, however. One of the important restrictions I place on myself in my practice is to respect the beliefs of the people who do understand them to be true inasmuch as they are not bringing harm to others. When I attend a church service there are certain parts of the proceedings that I do not engage with. Elements of the Christian faith and its practice are specifically centered on the importance of the integrity of the belief and membership in the community of faith. In my practice I would consider taking part in those elements to be disrespectful to those who genuinely hold these beliefs, especially those who I know and care about in that faith community.
Additionally, as a Scottish Australian woman I specifically make a point to only borrow directly from cultures that are within the broad European mixing pot of which my heritage is a part. I avoid borrowing directly from parts of other cultures because I usually don't know enough to understand which parts of those traditions should be off limits when practicing this form of belief. The times when I do engage with traditions, rituals, or beliefs from other cultures are when I am invited by members of that culture and I do so with an open intent to genuinely learn enough to understand where those lines are drawn.
Similarly, it is important to make sure you're not misrepresenting your narrative belief as genuine belief. Lying about what you understand the truth of a belief to be is is not only disrespectful to the people who do hold those beliefs genuinely but it's also pretty obviously stepping into the realm of charlatans and hucksters.
I think it's important to talk about these limits and boundaries on how we practice Narrative Belief because the whole idea is one of moderation.
The entire point of the exercise of Narrative Belief for me is to enjoy enhancing my life with the spices of superstition, religion, spirituality, and tradition without allowing them to hurt me or those I engage with. I love my narrative beliefs and I'm thankful to have a way to engage with them safely and I really hope that this way of approaching things might help you to safely enrich your own life with the full depth of thousands of years of human culture. In fact, I pray that it does.
Last session, the Texas Legislature passed campus carry on public college campuses. This session, gun rights advocates are seeking to extend that winning streak by passing constitutional carry, the concept that would allow most people to carry a gun without a license or training class.
Currently, individuals applying for a license to carry must complete fingerprinting and a four- to six-hour class. After the class, individuals must pass a proficiency test. Without the requirement to obtain a license to carry, individuals will no longer have to undergo training to carry a firearm.
Several proponents of constitutional carry testified during a Tuesday afternoon House public hearing in favor of House Bill 375, proposed by state Rep. Jonathan Stickland, R-Bedford.
Rick Briscoe, a representative of Open Carry Texas, said the requirement to obtain a license was one of the last remnants of slavery.
Another witness testifying in favor of the bill called his license to carry document a “slave pass.”
Briscoe said 33 states have already passed measures that deregulate gun laws. He said these states allow either open or concealed carry without licensing, and 12 states offer both.
Other states that have already passed constitutional carry measures include Montana, Missouri, West Virginia and Idaho.
Law enforcement officers from major Texas cities all testified against the bill, suggesting such a law would make their jobs more difficult.
Houston Police Department Lt. Jessica Anderson said police like to tackle situations as they arise and prevent them before they develop into a dangerous incident.
“As written, it makes an already challenging profession more challenging,” Anderson said. RELATED Judge makes ruling in fight over guns at Austin City Hall ﻿ It all started back in September of 2015 when a new law went into effect that gave second amendment... >
The campus carry legislation that passed last session allowed law enforcement officers to query if those openly carrying firearms had a license. Stickland's bill would not permit those questions, Anderson said.
Representatives from Austin and Dallas police departments were also present to testify against the bill.
A retired police officer, Randall Gates, called those members of law enforcement testifying at the hearing “snowflake police, pencil pushers.”
He said “real police” can smell which people carrying guns are criminals and which are not. He said these officers won't have to worry about coming across someone carrying a gun and wondering whether they are legally carrying—because they will know.
Proponents of constitutional carry have said that loosening gun control laws would decrease crime in Texas because each person carrying a gun would be able to protect him or herself.
Andrea Brauer of Gun Sense Texas refuted this claim.
“The regular person on the street is not a police officer … we do not want to encourage that kind of behavior,” Brauer said.
Brauer also cited a study that said roughly 20 percent of guns are sold without background checks, leaving the opportunity for those not legally allowed to have guns (with or without constitutional carry) to obtain them illegally and easily.
According to the National Rifle Association, a number of people are disqualified from owning a firearm, including:
Being in the Design Industry for almost a Decade now, many of my friends and relatives asked me to share few ‘key-tips' for DIY Home Decor. I often shared various ideas with them, but lately I thought that maybe I should develop a list of all the key points that contribute to a DIY Home Decor project.
Having a good experience in the field of Interior Design, I have come across various project typologies (ranging from single bedroom design to lakh of square feet institution projects) with vast range of budgets (from merely Rs. 1 Lakh to 25 Crores – check out my projects here ). However, I believe that
it isn't your budget which should define the quality or Style of Interior Design that you get, rather Interior Design is strongly connected with your (or your designer's) CREATIVITY!!!
The following list of 17 DIY Home Decor Tips would highlight the key areas which are extremely critical while you are planning for project:
1) Decide your Color Theme
Pinterest is a great place to start when deciding on paint colors. Make a board for each room and start pinning rooms that catch your eye. Once you have about 10 you'll get a feel for what you are drawn to color and style wise. Check out these pics as a starting point…
2) Greet your guests with a nice Entrance Console
This is probably the first thing your guests will notice about your Interior Décor. Place a table or a console there and suspend an important chandelier to make an impression.
3) Shortlist your Art Pieces
They are used to creating ‘Points of Interest' in the entire Décor. They need not be very expensive, but the key point is their placement and lighting.
4) Play with Mirrors – as an Art Piece or to enhance the space volume
Mirrors can not only act like Art Pieces/Décor Elements, but they can contribute towards volumetric enhancement of your space as well. Observe these references…
5) Focus on your Bedroom Décor
Needless to say, but your bedroom is very important area of your house as this is very personal and should provide cozy ambience. Stylish bedroom furniture can allow your bedroom to express your night-time self. Choose from an endless range of wooden, metal or even leather bed frames. Each of these can make your bedroom express a different side to your personality. Matching wardrobes and dressing tables can all add to your bedroom's overall style. Check out detailed info here.
6) Choose your Coffee Table & Sofa Set – as they are a key element in your Interior Décor
Coffee tables can also be found in unusual materials, such as hand-crafted, colored steel or glass Coffee Table Aquariums. These can be very unique items of home furniture and they can really make a big change in the look of your house. Sofa Suites can come in many colors. Bright ones can really stand out, since most people choose comfort over design. If you can find a unique design as well as comfort then you will have everything.
7) Play with Textures
Texture is the thing that makes a room pop. It's what brings a perfectly fine design up to enviable levels. Texture is particularly important if you're working within a particular color palette where the shades are very similar. When a monochromatic or analogous color scheme, make sure you choose items that heavily contrast. When they come together, they will bring a sense of harmony to the space.
8) Creative Home Organizers
Efficient Home Organizers can not only save your time and energy but they actually contribute in having healthier environment at home. Check out detailed info here
9) Get few accent Light Fixtures
They are effective tools for creating points of interest. Check out some cool examples …
{Click on the images to open products in store}
10) Use Trays, Decorative Bowls And Baskets
For a hint of glamour, try adding a glitzy gold tray to your coffee table, ottoman or side table. On top of the tray, place a pretty candle, a couple of books and a small bowl of colored stones. Little vistas such as this seem frivolous, but they are imperative to a layered, decorated aesthetic.
If you desire a more rustic approach, then try woven baskets in your home. Baskets are fabulous decorative tools that can hide a lot of clutter. Try to create these little niches throughout your home.
{Click on the images to open products in store}
11) Don't always try to Match, rather MIX
Contrast, which is what's achieved by mixing and matching will provide visual interest. We tend to gravitate towards spaces that give our eyes multiple elements to examine within a cohesive whole, so keep this goal in mind when shopping for the items that will eventually fill your interiors.
12) Area rugs are powerful décor elements
When you have several area rugs in a common space, the simplest approach is to use matching rugs. This separates the spaces but keeps the feeling harmonious. In this example, the areas serve the same function, so there's no need to create a great distinction between them.
13) Your dining table can be a piece of Art
A brand new dining table can change the whole atmosphere of your dining room and be a major feature for your family and guests to enjoy. It is made from a variety of materials such as oak, pine, and glass. There are so many different types to choose from nowadays. Stylish dining chairs can also add to the dramatic effect of the dining table, especially high back or leather chairs.
14) Wall Decals – economical way to spice up the space
Wall stickers by are good to add décor to your regular wall. These easily removable wall stickers and wall decals come in great prices.
15) Creative Bookshelves
Despite the advent of e-books, many of us still value the tactile experience of flipping through a paper book. These creative bookshelves, then, are the perfect.
{Click on the images to open products in store}
16) Add warmth with Planters & Vases
Decorative planters and vases add that little extra something to your home decor. Bring the uplifting colors and freshness of the season into your home with any of these concepts…
{Click on the images to open products in store}
17) Terrace Garden
Renovate your apartment's small balcony into a beautiful space using various styles shown in this awesome ‘how to decorate small balcony' photo compilation! You will find many amazing images on ‘how to decorate small balcony' that will motivate you to transform your balcony, terrace, patios and decks. Check out detailed info here
Need some more help? Contact me!
—————————————–
RECENT POSTS
—————————————–
The global economy is caught in a low-growth trap as innovation withers and the population ages across the Northern Hemisphere. It will not regain its lost dynamism in the foreseeable future, the International Monetary Fund has warned.
The IMF said the world as a whole has seen a “persistent reduction” in its growth rate since the Great Recession and shows no sign of returning to normal, marking a fundamental break in historical patterns.
This exposes the global economic system to a host of pathologies that may be hard to combat, and leaves it acutely vulnerable to a fresh recession. It is unclear what the authorities could do next to fight off a slump given that debt ratios are already at record highs and central banks are running out of ammunition.
“Lower potential growth will make it more difficult to reduce high public and private debt ratios,” the IMF said in an advance chapter from next week's World Economic Outlook. "It is also likely to be associated with low equilibrium real interest rates, meaning that monetary policy in advanced economies may again be confronted with the problem of the zero lower bound if adverse growth shocks materialise."
The developing world is likely to limp on with average growth of just 1.6pc from 2015 to 2020, too little to make a dent on the edifice of public debt left from the Great Recession.
The Fund said global bourses have charged ahead of reality, soaring to new highs despite a 25pc slump in levels of business investment since 2008. There has been a chronic lack of spending on the sorts of equipment and computer software that drive gains in competitiveness. “This development is worrying, because business investment is essential for supporting the economy's future productive capacity,” it said.
“In some countries, weak business investment has contrasted with the ebullience of stock markets, suggesting a possible disconnect between financial and economic risk taking,” it said.
The great hope is that booming asset prices will trigger a surge of investment, allowing economic fundamentals to catch up with markets. But it is far from certain that this will happen unless governments change policy and launch a blitz of spending on infrastructure and research to unlock frozen capital and set off a virtuous circle.
While the IMF has supported quantitative easing in the past, the implicit message is that this form of stimulus chiefly has the effect of boosting asset prices and has proved a very blunt tool for the real economy, at least in the manner currently conducted. It cannot fully counter the effects of fiscal austerity.
The IMF says Europe and the US began to falter at the turn of the century. Total factor productivity growth – the primary driver of wealth-creation - slid from 0.9pc to 0.5pc even before the collapse of the financial system in 2008.
The emerging world has since succumbed to the same malaise as it runs into structural barriers and exhausts the low-hanging fruit from easy catch-up growth, forcing the IMF to downgrade its global growth forecasts repeatedly since 2011.
Productivity in these countries has almost halved from 4.25pc to 2.25pc since the Lehman Brothers crisis and is likely to fall further as they hit the “technology frontier”, where the middle income trap lies in wait for any that fail to adapt in time. Many need root-and-branch reforms of their product and labour markets, and an assault on excess regulation.
The report almost seemed to describe a spent world where the great leap forward from the computer age and the internet is already over and little more can be squeezed out of universities as the “marginal return to additional education” keeps falling.
Casting a shadow over all else is the demographic crunch. The working-age population will be shrinking at a rate of 0.2pc a year in Germany and Japan by 2020, with Korea close behind, and China following on hard. Almost the whole of Eastern Europe faces an ageing crisis.
Whether the world really is nearing the end of its growth miracle is a hotly disputed theme. Ben Bernanke, the former chairman of the US Federal Reserve, insisted in a recent inaugural blog for the Brookings Institution that the US economy would right itself naturally as so often before.
He reminded pessimists that leading economists fretted about the end of growth in much the same way during the Great Depression. Harvard's Alvin Hansen – the leading American Keynesian of his age – coined today's vogue term “secular stagnation” in 1938, arguing even then that population growth was slowing and the big advances in technology were mostly finished.
He lived long enough to witness three decades of spectacular global progress after 1945.
Generating Verification Conditions for Whiley
Probably the most interesting aspect of the Whiley language is that it supports compile-time verification of preconditions, postconditions and other invariants. There are two main aspects of how this works:
Generation of Verification Conditions (VCs) from the source code. A verification condition is a logical expression which, if proved to be satisfiable, indicates an error in the program. Discharging verification conditions with the Automated Theorem Prover (ATP). Here, the verification conditions are passed into the ATP which is responsible for deciding whether they are satisfiable or not.
In this article, I'll be presenting the mechanism for generating verification conditions in the Whiley compiler, since it's a tricky process to get right. Also, understanding this really helps to understand what exactly the automated theorem prover does.
Understanding Verification Conditions
As a first example, consider this simple Whiley program:
int inc(int x) requires x >= 0, ensures $ > 0: return x + 1
The function inc accepts a single parameter x where it is required that x >= 0 on entry (a.k.a the precondition). The ensures clause of the function mandates that the return value (given by $ ) must be greater than zero (a.k.a the postcondition). The Whiley compiler must verify the postcondition holds assuming the precondition does. To do this, it generates a verification condition at the return statement with which the ATP can decide whether an error exists or (i.e. whether or not the VC is satisfiable).
For the above example, the verification condition would be: x >= 0 ==> x+1 <= 0 . Now this might seem odd if you had been expecting x >= 0 && x+1 > 0 . To understand what's going on, it's useful to split the VC into: the assertion being checked; and, the assumptions we have. For the above program, the assertion we're checking is that $ > 0 which, if we substitute $ for the actual returned value, gives us x+1 > 0 . The assumptions we have are that x >= 0 . To construct the VC, we combine the assumptions and assertion together using ==> (i.e. an implication) to give our final verification condition.
Basic Control-Flow
We'll now consider the process of generating verification conditions in more detail. To begin with, we'll just consider basic control-flow (i.e. if statements) to get the idea. Here's an example:
int abs(int x) ensures $ >= 0: if x >= 0: return x else: return -x
This example is nice because it only consists of an if statement along with a postcondition. To verify this function the verifier performs a path-sensitive traversal, accumulating the verification condition as it goes. In this case, it will first traverse down the true branch and then, separately, traverse down the false branch. When doing this, it will assume the branch condition holds (resp. does not hold) as appropriate. The following illustrates the process:
Here, we see the two execution paths that the verifier traverses along with the verification conditions generated for each. Upon reaching a return statement, the verifier must check the postcondition holds. This is done by first substituting $ for the returned expression to generate the assertion and combining it with the accumulated assumptions to produce a verification condition. The verifier then passes each of these to the automated theorem prover which attempts to prove they are unsatisfiable (and, hence, that the postcondition holds for all executions of that path).
Whilst the above example is very simple, it does illustrate the main points. A slightly more complex example is the following:
int abs(int x, int y) ensures $ >= 0 if x < 0: x = -x if y < 0: y = -y return x + y
This takes the basic idea from before, but adds a second conditional. Since the generation process is done using a path-sensitive traversal, we end up with four distinct verification conditions to be checked. The following illustrates:
Here, we can see how the verification condition generator has propagated the effects of assignments through subsequent expressions to produce a verification condition expressed in terms of the function parameters.
Pre-/Post-Conditions
A precondition is a set of constraints that are assumed to hold on entry to a function. The idea is to assert (i.e. check with the automated theorem prover) that a function's precondition holds when it is called, and then assume it does within its body. In contrast, a postcondition is asserted at all return statements within the function body and then assumed at call sites. To help make this distinction clear, it's useful to imagine the code has explicit assume and assert statements which capture this behaviour. To illustrate, here's a (recursive) implementation of Euclid's algorithm for find the Greatest Common Divisor:
int gcd(int a, int b) requires a >= 0 && b >= 0, ensures $ >= 0: if b == 0 return a else: return gcd(b, a % b)
The above is provided as-is to the VC generator, which we now imagine inserts assert and assume statements (before proceeding to actually generate VCs) like this:
int gcd(int a, int b) requires a >= 0 && b >= 0, ensures $ >= 0: // generated from my precondition assume a >= 0 && b >= 0 // if b == 0 // generated from my postcondition assert a >= 0 // return a else: // generated from call target's precondition assert b >= 0 && (a % b) >= 0 // generated from my postcondition assert gcd(b, a%b) >= 0 // return gcd(b, a % b)
The VC generator then performs the path-sensitive traversal accumulating assumptions and, for each assert , invokes the automated theorem prover to check the condition holds. The assume statements are assimilated into the set of assumptions when encountered and do not cause the automated theorem prover to be invoked. The above example generates three verification conditions to be checked — i.e. one for each assert statement (in this case). These are:
a >= 0 && b >= 0 && b == 0 ==> a >= 0 — generated at Line 7 to check the postcondition of gcd() is met. a >= 0 && b >= 0 && b != 0 ==> (b >= 0 && (a%b) >= 0) — generated at Line 12 to check the precondition of gcd(b,a%b) is met at the call site. a >= 0 && b >= 0 && b != 0 ==> gcd(b,a%b) >= 0 — generated at Line 14 to check the postcondition of gcd() is met
A final point about postconditions is that the VC generator must be careful to retain the original values of parameter variables. Consider this example, where the postcondition explicitly refers to the parameter x :
int increment(int x) ensures $ > x: x = x + 1 return x
To see the problem, let us naively imagine that an assert statement is inserted (like before) as follows:
int increment(int x) ensures $ > x: x = x + 1 // generated naively from my postcondition assert x > x // return x
We can clearly see that x > x can never be true — so something must be wrong! The problem is that, in generating the assert statement, we have not used the original value of x on entry. To correctly insert an imaginary assert statement, we must insert additional code as follows:
int increment(int x) ensures $ > x: $x = x x = x + 1 // generated sensibly from my postcondition assert x > $x // return x
Here, we've inserted an imaginary “shadow” variable (i.e. $x ) to store the value that x held on entry. The VC generated is then: x+1 > x which is evidently true .
Loop Invariants
Dealing with loops is more challenging than the basic control-flow we've seen above. Consider this example:
define nat as int where $ >= 0 nat loop(nat start, nat end): i = start r = 0 while i < end: r = r + i i = i + 1 return r
(note: this example uses Whiley's define statement to define a constrained type. These are treated the same as before and expand as pre-/post-conditions)
The problem with the above is that the VC generator cannot perform a true path-sensitive traversal of the function since it has an infinite number of paths. Therefore, it approximates this by traversing the loop just once. The user must provide a loop invariant to help the VC generator do this. Adding a loop invariant to our above example looks like this:
define nat as int where $ >= 0 nat loop(nat start, nat end): i = start r = 0 while i < end where r >= 0 && i >= 0: r = r + i i = i + 1 return r
The VC generator must first assert the loop invariant holds on entry to the loop; then, it will assume it at the start of the loop body along with the loop condition and, from this, assert the loop invariant holds at the end of the body. We can expand the example to illustrate this by inserting assert and assume statements as before:
define nat as int where $ >= 0 nat loop(nat start, nat end): i = start r = 0 // generated to check invariant holds on entry assert r >= 0 && i >= 0 // while i < end where r >= 0 && i >= 0: // generated from my loop invariant assume i < end && r >= 0 && i >= 0 // r = r + i i = i + 1 // generated to check invariant holds on next iteration assert r >= 0 && i >= 0 // // generated from loop condition and invariant assume i >= end && r >= 0 && i >= 0 // return r
In the above, there are two distinct paths that the VC generator will traverse: the first goes into the loop and stops at the end of the body; the second skips the loop body entirely. The following illustrates these two paths:
An important issue which is not clear above, is that the VC generator must invalidate variables which are modified in the loop body before each of the assume statements. To understand this better, consider the following example:
int f(int end): i = 0 r = 0 assert r < 10 while i < end where r < 10: assume r < 10 r = r + i i = i + 1 assert r < 10 ... return r
If the VC generator does not invalidate the variables i and r on entry to the loop, then it will retain the initial values assigned to those variables for the single iteration of the loop it considers. When it reaches the end of the loop body, the value retained for r will be 0 and the assertion will trivially hold despite the fact that it is invalid. The invalidation of a variable is achieved by assigning it a fresh variable (i.e one which is not used elsewhere in the program code, often referred to as a skolem constant).
Consider the path taken by the VC generator through the loop body. Let's assume variable r is invalidated on entry to the loop by assigning the skolem $r0 and variable i is invalidated by assigning $i0 . Then, the resulting verification condition at the end of the loop body would be: ($r0 < 10 && $i0 < end) ==> $r0+$i0 < 10 . Since this formula has many invalid assignments (e.g. $r0 == 9 && $i0 == 1 && end == 20 ), the automated theorem prover will now correctly identify the error present in the code.
Conclusion
Hopefully, this article helped you understand what verification conditions are, and how they are generated. There is, unfortunately, quite a lot about generating verification conditions for modern languages (e.g. Whiley) that I've left out in order to keep the article focused. In the future, I'll expand on the more advanced issues and give insight into how things work inside the Whiley compiler. For now, I've compiled a list of relevant papers which should provide useful additional background.
Further Reading
There are quite a few interesting papers and articles on the subject of generate verification conditions. Here's a selection of those I've found interesting:
Florida Atlantic football and new coach Lane Kiffin could soon be coming to a TV screen near you.
A producer of Showtime's "A Season With" met with Kiffin about the possibility of featuring the Owls on a Showtime production, though not necessarily "A Season With," a documentary series that follows a college football team throughout the year.
FAU Athletics Director Pat Chun labeled the discussions as "preliminary" and "nothing substantive to talk about."
"They approached Lane first to see if they'd have any interest," Chun said. "It is literally in its infant stages right now that it's not even worth talking about. We have to go through the whole pros and cons and we have to make a value-based decision on is that the right thing to do for us? I haven't even formally sat down with their production crew. It's that infant of a stage that I haven't had one formal sit-down meeting with them."
Although the Owls may not eventually be featured on a Showtime production, the fact that they have been considered a candidate is noteworthy for a program that has gone 3-9 in the last three seasons and fired its coach in November. But Kiffin's celebrity status and past jobs in Oakland, Tennessee, USC and Alabama make FAU a compelling storyline.
See photos of new FAU coach Lane Kiffin through the years.
Chun said he has not watched "A Season With," and the school would have to look into if it was interested in partnering with Showtime. The network featured Notre Dame and Florida State the last two seasons on "A Season With."
"We have to do an analysis first of what goes on," Chun said. "Then we need to sit down and make a decision. It's so at its infant stages. The good thing in our world is you get thrown a bunch of great ideas at you — or a bunch of ideas, not all of them are great. Part of my job is to figure out which ideas are the best for us and which ones aren't.
"We'll do some due diligence and we'll do an internal analysis to see if that's the right thing for us. Like I said, I haven't even formally sat down with them yet."
Running backs coach
Kiffin has one assistant coach vacancy (receivers) to fill after hiring former UCF star Kevin Smith as his running backs coach and former USF assistant Eric Mathies as his defensive line coach.
Kendal Briles will be the offensive coordinator, and Garin Justice and Charlie Weis Jr. will also assist on that side of the ball. Chris Kiffin, the defensive coordinator, will be joined by Keynodo Hudson and Corey Batoon. Batoon will double as the special teams coordinator.
College football's recruiting contact period begins Thursday, meaning many FAU coaches will be on the road speaking with recruits. The contact period ends Jan. 28. National signing day is Feb. 1.
mdefranks@sunsentinel.com
Video games usually get in the way of homework. GlassLab, however, is a collaboration between educators and technologists. Uniting commercial game studios and educational groups the aim is to embrace gaming technology to transform the learning process and make it more relevant to the demands of the 21st Century.
They could even one day replace traditional exams.
SimCityEDU: Pollution Challenge, which has just launched, is an educational version of the video game SimCity. Designed for teenagers, students play the role of a city mayor, managing a city with some pressing pollution problems.
BBC Future spoke to Jessica Lindl, general manager of GlassLab, at the Silicon Valley-based gaming company, EA (Electronic Arts) about how games could prepare children for jobs
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
The implementation of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) system in Cebu City has hit a snag.
The country's economic chief decided to put the BRT project on hold pending review on the other alternatives that could solve the worsening traffic in Metro Cebu.
One specific alternative being looked into by Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia is the Light Rail Transit (LRT) subway being pushed by Secretary Michael Dino, presidential assistant in the Visayas.
“If we find the feasibility study for the LRT-subway viable, economically and financially, then we will go for [that] combination,” said Pernia, who sits as director general of the National Economic and Development Authority (Neda).
Pernia made a turnaround on his stance on the BRT following his meeting with Dino in the afternoon prior to his flight back to Manila.
Pernia was in Cebu City on Friday to attend the regional road show for the Philippine Development Plan 2017–2022 and Central Visayas Regional Development Plan 2017–2022 at the Cebu Normal University.
Development Plan 2017–2022 at the Cebu Normal University.
In a press conference earlier that day, Pernia told reporters that the BRT project was a go, unless there were interventions coming from Malacañang.
He, however, changed his tune when he was briefed by Dino that the LRT project would be a subway hybrid: the LRT line traversing the outskirts of the city from north to south will be above ground while the subway will be within the city.
The combination of LRT and subway appealed to Pernia.
He explained later to reporters that he thought the LRT would be aboveground all the way — from the province to Cebu City.
But when he was told by Dino that there was a subway component, he added, he thought that would be “ideal” and “perfect” for Cebu City even if a feasibility study had yet to be completed.
Pernia said the BRT, which aims to replace passenger jeepneys with buses as mode of public transportation, will further constrict traffic in the city because of its narrow roads.
This was also the contention of transport and engineering expert Rene Santiago when he pushed for LRT instead of BRT as solution to the traffic problem in Metro Cebu.
But proponents of the BRT project earlier maintained that it had already passed through feasibility studies which confirmed its viability. The Neda Investment Coordination Committee (ICC) – Cabinet Committee (CabCom) is scheduled to evaluate the BRT proponents' request for additional funding.
This after the Neda ICC-Technical Board endorsed the request for budget increase to the CabCom.
The cost of the project ballooned to P16.9 billion and was likely to increase once implemented.
The initial approved budget for the BRT was P10.6 billion, which spans 21.5 km from Barangay Bulacao in the south to Barangay Talamban in the north.
The increase will cover the cost to acquire the pieces of property that will be affected by the project.
With the LRT-subway project now in the picture, Pernia said he was uncertain of what would be the agenda during the upcoming meeting.
Pernia said they would still review the BRT although he believed that “everybody in the ICC Cabinet level is inclined toward the subway.”
He added that the BRT project would be stalled or scrapped, depending on the discussion.
“For sure, we will stall the BRT project while we evaluate the LRT-subway,” he said.
While Pernia considers the LRT-subway project a “superior alternative,” he said there is a downside to it — it might take years before this could be implemented.
He explained that the project would have to go through with the same thorough evaluation process undergone by the BRT project.
But since “Cebuanos will be better off and be happier with this combination, it makes sense and it's worthwhile to wait, to go through the process,” he added.
Lawyer Rafael Yap, head of the BRT project implementation unit (PIU), said they would seek clarification from Pernia over his conflicting statements.
“As far as the PIU is concerned, it is the Department of Transportation (DOTr) that is the implementing agency. We will await their direction re[garding] Secretary Pernia['s] conflicting statements,” he said.
Yap also pointed out that the Neda ICC-TB endorsed favorably the proponents' request for an increase in budget to the CabCom.
He added that project development takes a long time, pointing out that the BRT project took 10 years from pre-feasibility studies to implementation phase.
Yap also cited the case of the Edsa MRT 3 in Manila: Its project development started during the Marcos era, but it was only completed within the term of former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
“If we go by Pernia's statement, Cebu City had nothing for at least 10 years, whereas BRT is already for bidding this year and construction next year,” he said.
Mayor Tomas Osmeña first proposed a BRT system for Cebu City in the 1990s, but it was only in 2008 when the Department of Transportation and Communications (now DOTr) began formal planning. The project is financially and technically supported by the World Bank through its Clean Technology Fund.
Dino, for his part, said Pernia's statements only reinforced the fact that the LRT was the best mass transport system for Cebu.
Hanoi in Vietnam, Indonesia, Thailand and India, he said, are scrapping the BRT and going for the LRT.
“We have to follow them,” he said.
“If the BRT would just ease up the traffic situation in Cebu, I would help that. But it will create more havoc and chaos. That's the problem,” he said.
He said he still welcomed the review that would be done on BRT.
But Dino stressed that once the LRT-subway proposal gets a go signal, the BRT project would have to be scrapped.
Dino said proponents from Singapore and China, whom he refused to identify, will undertake the LRT-subway project, which is estimated to cost $3 billion and will take four years to complete.
He said that once his office receives the final proposal, he will announce who the proponents are.
1. Jesus loves you, and shares your hatred of homosexuals and Hillary Clinton.
2. Saddam was a good guy when Reagan armed him, a bad guy when Bush's Daddy made war on him , a good guy when Cheney did business with him, and a bad guy when Bush needed a ‘we can't find Bin Laden' diversion.
3. Trade with Cuba is wrong because the country is Communist, but trade with China and Vietnam is vital to a spirit of international harmony.
4. The United States should get out of the United Nations, and our highest national priority is enforcing U.N. resolutions against Iraq .
5. A woman can't be trusted with decisions about her own body, but multinational drug corporations can make decisions affecting all mankind without regulation.
6. The best way to improve military morale is to praise the troops in speeches, while slashing veterans' benefits and combat pay.
7. If condoms are kept out of schools, adolescents won't have sex.
8. A good way to fight terrorism is to belittle our longtime allies, then demand their cooperation and money.
9. Providing health care to all Iraqis is sound policy, but providing health care to all Americans is socialism. HMO's and insurance companies have the best interests of the public at heart.
10. Global warming and tobacco's link to cancer are junk science, but creationism should be taught in schools.
11. A president lying about an extramarital affair is an impeachable offense, but a president lying to enlist support for a war in which tens of thousands die is solid defense policy.
12. Government should limit itself to the powers named in the Constitution, which include banning gay marriages and censoring the Internet .
13. Being a drug addict is a moral failing and a crime, unless you're conservative radio host. Then it's an illness and you need our prayers for your recovery.
14. You support 'Executive Privilege' for every Republican ever born, who will be born or who might be born (in perpetuity.)
15. Support hunters who shoot their friends and blame them for wearing orange vests similar to those worn by the quail.
On Sunday, The Daily Beast reported that Kerry had told a closed-door meeting of the Trilateral Commission in Washington on Friday that Israel risked becoming an "apartheid state" with two classes of citizens if negotiations to forge a peace deal fail and a two-state solution is not reached.
In his statement, Kerry defended his general point, noting that numerous Israeli officials, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and predecessors Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert, have offered similar assessments in the past.
Netanyahu's office declined comment on Kerry's remarks.
Kerry's "apartheid" comment was also assailed by many in the pro-Israel community in the U.S.
Kerry has invested significant time and energy into bringing Israelis and Palestinians to the negotiating table, with the goal of reaching a deal in nine months.
...
Construction crews at Oregon State University uncovered a massive femur and other bone fragments belonging to a mammoth Monday.
The bones were found during construction in the end-zone of the Valley Football Center at Reser Stadium in Corvallis.
The mammoth bones are estimated to be about 10,000 years old -- crews also found bone fragments belonging to a camel and bison in the same area.
"There are quite a few bones, and dozens of pieces," said Loren Davis, an associate professor of anthropology at OSU. "Some of the bones are not in very good shape, but some are actually quite well preserved."
Oregon State officials say the findings are not unusual for the Willamette Valley. The area was likely some sort of bog or marsh, Davis said.
"Animals who were sick would often go to a body of water and die there, so it's not unusual to find a group of bones like this," Davis said. "We had all of these types of animals in the Willamette Valley back then."
Because there were no human artifacts or remains found at the site, the bones aren't considered part of an archaeological site.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has warned the US against breaking the nuclear deal with Iran, since it would make North Korea unlikely to agree to any international deals concerning its nuclear program.
“Our big concern is, with regard to North Korea, that it is very unlikely the North Korean dictatorship is ready to agree to an international agreement to renounce the building of nuclear weapons if the only agreement in the world that has allowed such a renunciation is at the same time called into question,” Reuters quoted Gabriel as saying.
Read more
US President Donald Trump, however, doesn't seem to be eager to negotiate with North Korea, as he claimed on Monday that his country has given “billions of dollars” to Pyongyang and received nothing in return. US negotiators were only made look like “fools” for 25 years, according to Trump.
“Sorry, but only one thing will work!” Trump tweeted Saturday, implying a military solution to the Korean Peninsula standoff.
On Monday, US Defense Secretary James Mattis elaborated on Trump's vague remark, saying the US army should be ready for “military options” at the president's disposal.
"There is one thing the US Army can do and that is you have got to be ready to ensure that we have military options that our president can employ if needed," Mattis said at the annual US Army meeting.
At the same time, he added that Washington is currently “in a diplomatic-led effort,” stressing that the UN Security Council has unanimously voted to impose stronger sanctions on Pyongyang twice in a row.
Going back on the deal would also worsen the international security situation, Gabriel stressed.
According to Gabriel, Berlin is ready to increase diplomatic pressure on Iran, but “we do not want to see this agreement damaged.”
Gabriel has repeatedly urged the US to comply with the deal, stressing that breaking it would only jeopardize international security. On Sunday, he said that the “world will change” if Washington backs out of the agreement, since it would mean the US “replacing the rule of law with the law of the strongest.”
The nuclear deal with Iran, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), was signed in 2015 by the P5+1 group (China, France, Germany, Russia, the UK, and the US) and the European Union. While Tehran agreed to limit its nuclear program for 15 years, the international community promised to ease the pre-existing sanctions imposed on the country.
On Monday Gabriel echoed the statement made in September by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, after the UN General Assembly in New York. Lavrov urged the US to resolve issues with Iran through channels specifically designed for this purpose, and to abstain from attempts to bring down the nuclear deal with Tehran.
“The [Iran] program is in a state of completion; it was approved in a UNSC resolution, and dissecting this program equates to destroying everything achieved. Everyone understands that,” he said. “If the agreement on the Iranian nuclear problem fails, North Korea will say: why should we negotiate with you, if you're unable to do so?” he asked.
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 23 сентября 2017 г.
Dismantling of the nuclear deal was one of the main points of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. During his presidency he has repeatedly accused Tehran of breaking the “spirit” of the deal. As the October 15 deadline to re-certify the agreement approaches, concerns grow that Trump might keep his campaign promises and back out of the deal brokered by the Obama administration.
Armada FC Public Relations | June 3, 2016
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – After a thrilling 2-1 extra time win over USL side Charleston Battery in the third round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup on Wednesday night at Jacksonville University's Southern Oak Stadium, the Jacksonville Armada will return to league play at 7:30 p.m. ET on Saturday in a road fixture with the Carolina RailHawks.
The Armada got on the board first in the 17th minute on Wednesday night when Danny Barrow and Matt Fondy played successive back heels to set up Patrick Otte, who came charging through the box and coolly chipped the ball into the right side of the net for his second career Open Cup goal (2013 with Ventura County Fusion).
The lead was short-lived, however, as five minutes later, Charleston forward Romario Williams buried the ball in the bottom left of the goal. From there, it turned into a game of attrition as the score stayed knotted through the end of regulation and the first extra time period despite many close-call opportunities for Jacksonville.
Then in a moment of sheer soccer beauty, Alex Dixon flicked a Junior Sandoval pass on to Alhassane Keita, and the Guinean beat Battery 'keeper Odisnel Cooper from close range in the 108th minute.
The win was the second-straight positive result for the Armada, which drew 1-1 with Indy Eleven on May 28 in its last NASL match.
Carolina won its Open Cup match in extra on Wednesday as well, but the tale of the tape was quite the opposite once the contest moved past regulation as it breezed past USL side Charlotte Indepedence, 5-0, at WakeMed Soccer Park. RailHawks forward Billy Schuler netted two goals in the victory.
The RailHawks own a 2-1-0 series advantage over the Armada and won the last meeting, 3-0, in Cary, N.C., on Oct. 10, 2015. Jacksonville looked as if it would get on the board first in the contest when Keita found the back of the net but was shortly thereafter called offside. Carolina then went on to capture the momentum and held firm in the back, led by goalkeeper Akira Fitzgerald's four clutch saves.
Below is a breakdown of the teams and the matchup.
WHEN & WHERE
Saturday, June 4 at 7:30 p.m. ET | WakeMed Soccer Park
Buy Tickets | Weather
THE TEAMS
Jacksonville Armada FC (1W-2D-5L, 5 pts., 11th NASL Spring)
Carolina RailHawks (4W-1D-3L, 13 pts., 5th NASL Spring)
THE COACHES
Jacksonville Armada FC – Tony Meola , 1st season
Carolina RailHawks – Colin Clarke, 4th season
SERIES HISTORY
Carolina leads, 2-0-1
LAST RESULT
RailHawks 3, Armada 0 - 10/10/15 in Cary, N.C. | Recap | Video Highlights
CLUB QUICK LINKS
Armada: News | Roster | Schedule | Season Stats
RailHawks: News | Roster | Schedule | Season Stats
WATCH
- CW17 in Jacksonville – Cole Pepper – PXP and Mauricio Ruiz – Color
- beIN Sports nationally – Kevin Egan – PXP and Chris Wittyngham – Color
LISTEN
- Live on Project 106.9-FM in Jacksonville | Kent Justice – PXP and Andy Kidd – Color
- Also streamed live on iHeart app or project1069.iheart.com
READ
- Live Twitter updates on @ArmadaFCgameday – #CARvJAX
- Live stats on ArmadaFC.com
POTENT NOTABLES
- Jacksonville will be without starters Mechack Jerome (defender) and Pascal Millien (forward/midfielder), who are playing for the Haitian National Team in COPA America Centenario. The Armada will also be without injured defender Matt Bahner (concussion), goalkeeper Sebastian Evers (groin), midfielder Lucas Scaglia (knee) and midfielder Pekka Lagerblom (Achilles).
- The Armada has scored just one goal on the road this season (4/23 at Fort Lauderdale) and has never scored at WakeMed Soccer Park, falling 3-0 last season. Dating back to last season, Jacksonville has been shut out in eight of its last 10 road matches and is still looking for its first road win in club history.
- Since making his debut against Rayo OKC on May 7, Danny Barrow has made a noticeable impact with his creative abilities on the attacking end. In his 142 minutes played, he has created four scoring chances, ranking second-best on the team for average chances created per minute played (.028) behind Keita (.029). Keita's 11 total chances created are most on the squad.
BY THE NUMBERS
14 – The number of yellow cards for the Armada through eight matches, which is tied for the second-least in the league for bookings. Jacksonville led the league in 2015 for most yellow cards with 64 and finished with the second-most red cards (9).
100 – The number of total shots the Armada has taken this season, second-best in the NASL.
45 – The number of clearances for defender Tyler Ruthven, currently second-best in the NASL.
LOOKING AHEAD
The Armada will return home on Saturday, June 11 to host in-state rivals, the Tampa Bay Rowdies, in a Coastal Cup battle and the Spring Season finale. Kickoff is set for 4 p.m., and following the fixture, the Armada FC is hosting a watch party at the stadium for the U.S. Men's National Team's COPA America Centenario match against Paraguay (7 p.m.). Tickets for the evening start at $11 for groups and $13 for individuals and can be purchased by calling 1.844.2.ARMADA or visiting armadafc.com/tickets. The club has also introduced a special Family 4-Pack promotion for the match, which includes four tickets, four hot dogs, four 16 ounce sodas and four bags of chips starting at $60.
President Barack Obama's latest executive order "mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of ‘respiratory illness.' "
The arrival of two Americans infected with the Ebola virus at an Atlanta hospital has ginned up the fear mill and the conspiracy website Infowars.com has fused fear of infection with fear of Big Brother.
When the first American was admitted to Emory University Hospital's special infectious disease treatment center, Infowars.com wrote , "United States officials brought an affected (sic) patient into the country only days after President (Barack) Obama signed an executive order mandating the detention of Americans who show signs of ‘respiratory illness'."
At another point, the article says Obama's latest executive order "mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of 'respiratory illness.' "
The article correctly reports that President Barack Obama signed an executive order on July 31 , but beyond that, the accuracy quotient falls rapidly.
As for the Ebola patients, government officials did not bring them back to America, as Infowars said. While the State Department facilitated the paperwork for the medical evacuations, these people arrived in a private chartered jet paid for by the religious charities they worked for, Serving in Mission and Samaritan's Purse. At a news conference , Bruce Johnson, the president of Serving in Mission USA, said his group has spent about $1 million on the two patients since their illness was discovered.
Second, and more important for this fact-check, is what the executive order says. It's much more targeted than the article describes, it isn't aimed at Ebola, and while it allows health officials to quarantine someone with a highly contagious disease, it does not mandate it.
On July 31, Obama modified a 2003 executive order from President George W. Bush . The original listed the communicable diseases for which the Department of Health and Human Services was authorized to issue an isolation or quarantine order. Bush specifically mentioned Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), a disease associated with "fever and signs and symptoms of pneumonia or other respiratory illness."
Obama updated the particular reference to SARS to include a broader array of possible respiratory illnesses. The new text reads as follows:
"Severe acute respiratory syndromes, which are diseases that are associated with fever and signs and symptoms of pneumonia or other respiratory illness, are capable of being transmitted from person to person, and that either are causing, or have the potential to cause, a pandemic, or, upon infection, are highly likely to cause mortality or serious morbidity if not properly controlled. This subsection does not apply to influenza."
To be clear, the update has nothing to do with Ebola or the current outbreak. Ebola is not a respiratory disease (the most prominent signs are diarrhea and vomiting ) and the original 2003 executive order already listed Ebola.
The White House press office told PunditFact that the change was aimed at the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), an illness with symptoms that do match the updated executive order.
More critically for our examination, the updated order does not "mandate" the apprehension and detention of people who show signs of respiratory illness.
Wendy Parmet, a law professor at Northeastern University School of Law, is one of three legal scholars who prepared a report for the American Civil Liberties Union that warned about overreach by the government in responding to pandemics. While Parmet said the new text is very broad, it has clear limits.
"It only applies to those with symptoms of a disease that have caused or have the potential to cause a pandemic, or have the potential of causing mortality or serious morbidity," Parmet said. "I wouldn't think the typical cold would apply."
In fact, the order specifically excludes the flu.
What happens if you do have Ebola, or MERS, or one of the other afflictions specified in the executive order?
Title 42 United States Code Section 264 gives the Department of Health and Human Services the authority to isolate an infected person. The department must determine that a person presents a risk to public health. Its authority is limited to people as they enter the country or attempt to travel from one one state to another.
In other scenarios, the power to isolate or quarantine individuals rests with the states, Parmet said.
Our ruling
Infowars.com said Obama's latest executive order "mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of ‘respiratory illness.'"
That's a fundamental misreading of the executive order Obama signed and the power the federal government has.
The updates Obama made to a 2003 executive order do not mandate the apprehension and detention of people who show signs of "respiratory illness," has nothing to do with the current Ebola crisis and only affect people entering the country or crossing state lines.
We rate the claim Pants on Fire.
This morning Sony reported a dismal $1 billion loss for its 2008 fiscal year, but the one bright spot was the conglomerate's movie division, which was still in the black.
But after Sony Pictures CEO Michael Lynton's remarks at a panel discussion in New York this morning, you've got to figure he's feeling the pressure, too, since his unit's operating income dropped by nearly 50% to $305 million. And even though Sony's studio isn't flailing and hasn't suffered the same sort of plunge in profits and piracy that befell 20th Century Fox, Lynton is staring down the barrel of a scary future.
First, he decried the impact of the Internet on the movie business: "I am a guy who hasn't seen any good come out of the Internet," Lynton, a former CEO of AOL Europe and president of AOL International, said. "It seems to have done damage to every (part) of the entertainment business."
Surprising remarks considering how willing Sony has been lately to stream its movies online: it has deals with Hulu, YouTube and makes more titles available on its own video site Crackle. Also many of its releases are covered by Netflix's streaming pact with Starz, meaning many of Sony's DVD titles can be viewed online via Netflix.
He also called on Washington to increase protections for copyrighted material, saying "somebody has got to realize that we need some rules."
While Lynton's insistence that Washington focus on fighting piracy is a typical statement from a movie exec, it's not as if Sony just had a movie pirated and downloaded four million times before its release. No, that was 20th Century Fox.
Lynton also bellyached about the state of film financing, describing the inability to raise money due to the ongoing credit crunch as "really a crisis." Another statement that doesn't seem to apply to Sony's own money situation. The studio still has two pacts with Relativity Media to co-finance its upcoming titles, including many summer films. There are other studios, like Disney and Paramount, that don't have any slate co-financing deals in place.
He did say that the current financing challenges in Hollywood might lead studios to pool their money into one fund and noted that lucrative gross participation deals for actors and directors don't seem to work anymore.
Does that mean Sony won't be paying Will Smith and Adam Sandler as much money upfront anymore? Probably not.
Saudi Women Stunt Hard (And Dis Men) In A Music Video Gone Viral
Enlarge this image toggle caption YouTube YouTube
There's a music video that's been racking up millions of views for the last few weeks — and it comes from Saudi Arabia. NPR Music's Anastasia Tsioulcas describes the scene:
"There's this amazing setup. You see women wearing full niqab — so they've got their faces covered, their hair covered, clad in black, it seems. And then they burst out in super-colorful outfits and doing all kinds of silly things, playing basketball and riding bumper cars," she says.
In a conversation on All Things Considered, Tsioulcas tells Ari Shapiro how the visual, inspired by a lesser-known, low-budget clip from 2014, has become a viral sensation. Hear their conversation at the audio link, and read an edited version below.
Ari Shapiro: I don't speak Arabic, but I know a good tune when I hear one. What do the lyrics say?
YouTube
Anastasia Tsioulcas: So, that's where the real interest in this video is. The name of the song is "Hwages," which means something like "concerns" or "obsessions." And the lyrics are pretty subversive. They start out, "May men disappear, they give us psychological illnesses / None of them are sane, each one has an illness.
Basically saying, by definition, "Men are mentally ill." A bunch of Saudi women singing this.
Absolutely.
And what's amazing is how much this as really taken off across the Middle East: It's become hugely, hugely, popular. Who are the people behind this?
We don't know who the women are, but the video director is named Majed Alesa. He has become this viral video machine in Saudi. He now has this platform and he can amplify his message to his millions and millions of followers.
So, at one point in the video, there's a cut-out of Donald Trump that rises on a proscenium behind a stand that says half in Arabic and half in English, "The House of Men."
Has there been much pushback to it?
You know, it's funny — I haven't seen a lot of official pushbacks. You see YouTube comments in both English and Arabic saying, "This is not a women's movement, don't judge on this, our values are still really important to us." But you also see a lot of very positive feedback.
Throughout Saudi Arabia, throughout the Gulf, throughout the entire Middle-East, this is getting a lot of play and a lot of conversation. And you can dance to it.
You've probably never heard of CD Palencia, and probably never will again. The club plays in Spanish fourth division, though they currently are in the playoffs for promotion to the third. To support their promotion hopes, they've unveiled a new kit. It is ... strange.
Here are some more pictures of the uniform, which is being advertised along with the slogan “Nos dejamos la piel,” which roughly means something between “leave everything out on the field” and “having skin in the game.” The club is basically saying that their players leave their skin out there on the pitch, such is their dedication:
Can't say we'd wear one of these shirts, but it's already given Palencia more publicity than the over 300 other teams in that tier, so good work.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho is a persistent moaner on the subject of fixture scheduling - but he's been handed a distinct advantage when it comes to preparing for next Saturday's trip to Anfield.
Arch rivals Liverpool and Manchester United both have players scattered across the globe during the international break.
However, no fewer than five members of United's likely starting XI have remained at Carrington. Phil Jones was sent back to United by England due to a knock but is expected to be fit for the clash with Jurgen Klopp's side.
Anthony Martial, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera and Ashley Young will also be well rested for the trip to Anfield after not being selected for the international fixtures.
In contrast, just two of the 14 Liverpool players involved in last weekend's 1-1 draw with Newcastle United at St James' Park will have had their feet up.
Joel Matip and Alberto Moreno are the only ones expected to line up against United who haven't gone off on international duty this week.
Neither Klopp nor Mourinho will have their full squads reunited until next Thursday. But while Liverpool will be waiting on both Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino , United's only player returning from South America will be Ecuador's Antonio Valencia.
All Liverpool players not on international duty were given this week off by Klopp. They will return to Melwood on Monday when the preparations will start for the eagerly anticipated meeting with United.
Using a glove fitted with flex sensors, touch sensors, gyroscopes and accelerometers a Ukrainian team in a Microsoft competition has built a system called EnableTalk that can translate sign language into text and then into spoken words using a text-to-speech engine.
The whole system then connects to a smartphone over Bluetooth.
There are currently about 40 million deaf, mute and deaf-mute people. Many of them use sign language, which very few non-deaf people understand.
The few existing projects that come close to what EnableTalk is proposing generally cost around $1,200 and usually have fewer sensors, use wired connections and don't come with an integrated software solution. The EnableTalk team says that the hardware for its prototypes costs about $75 per device.
Users can teach the system new gestures and modify those that the team plans to ship in a library of standard gestures. Given the high degree of variation among sign languages, which also has regional dialects just like spoken language, this will be a welcome feature for users.
Windows Phone 7 doesn't allow developers access to the Bluetooth stack, so the current version runs on Windows Mobile, the predecessor to Windows Phone.
Kanye West's much-anticipated seventh solo album, modestly renamed SWISH after a brief stint with So Help Me God as its moniker, has been frustratingly close to release for quite some time now. Some fans have bathed in that frustration so completely that they've even resorted to petitioning the White House for its immediate release which, other than the obvious, was somewhat misguided given that President Obama has publicly called West a jackass a couple times. So it's quite a delicious reality that according to NBC Bay Area, Obama and West will both be in attendance at the Democratic National Committee event in San Francisco on October 10.
West is expected to perform songs from SWISH at the event, and because he announced his intent to run for president in 2020 at the 2015 VMAs, you can practically taste the undoubted giddiness that a nod to that speech will be soaked in when West is introduced. It's not clear how many songs from the album he'll play, or even if any of them will be new, but for one reason or another, rest assured that giddy look will be wiped off most politicians' faces by the end of the set.
House Democrats are up in arms over the Obama administration's plan for a new wave of deportations targeting asylum seekers denied refugee status.
The Democrats, who had hammered the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in January following similar operations, thought they'd convinced the agency that such raids were both inhumane and politically harmful.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Reuters on Thursday reported that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is poised to launch a new set of raids, much broader than the first, largely targeting Central American women and children who have been denied refugee status.
The news prompted an immediate outcry from liberal Democrats and other human rights advocates, who are concerned the immigrants have not only been denied basic legal protections but also face a perilous future if they're forced to return to the Northern Triangle countries of El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, which rank among the most violent in the world.
"These are not illegal immigrants. These are children, these are people fleeing violence," Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.) said Friday. "They are asylum seekers."
The Democratic critics are also questioning the timing of the operations, wondering why the administration would intensify the controversial raids — and risk the alienation of Hispanics — in a high-stakes election year when Hispanic voters could prove pivotal in vital battleground states like Virginia, Florida, Colorado and Nevada.
“This is ill-advised, ill-timed and counterproductive on anything we're talking about in terms of galvanizing our community for the upcoming elections,” said Rep. Raúl Grijalva (D-Ariz.).
"When we're trying to distinguish ourselves as being more humane ... and trying to distinguish ourselves from ... the rhetoric and what Trump is saying about this issue ... here we are carrying out and proposing to carry out these raids, which I think are a huge mistake."
Fueling the Dems' criticisms, administration officials provided no warning surrounding their enforcement tactics, Grijalva said. That's only fed the long-held concerns that the White House is too quick to ignore its strongest allies on Capitol Hill.
“There's a tin-ear quality that's going on that I can't explain,” Grijalva said.
The criticism arrives four months after the DHS rounded up 121 undocumented immigrants deemed ineligible for asylum status, most of them women and children who arrived from Central America as part of the 2014 migrant surge at the southern border.
Behind DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, the administration has defended the operations, saying they follow 2014 guidelines for prioritizing criminals and new arrivals for deportation — a message the agency amplified on Friday.
“Current operations are a continuation of operations Secretary Johnson announced in January and March,” spokeswoman Marsha Catron said in an email.
“We stress that these operations are limited to those who were apprehended at the border after January 1, 2014, have been ordered removed by an immigration court, and have no pending appeal or pending claim for asylum or other humanitarian relief under our laws.”
“These children and their families are fleeing extreme violence in Central America and they should have a chance to seek relief,” Reid said in a statement.
"I oppose the painful and inhumane business of locking up and deporting families who have fled horrendous violence in Central America and other countries," Sanders said in a statement.
Front-runner Clinton agreed, saying that "large scale raids are not productive and do not reflect who we are as a country."
Human rights groups joined the fray as well. Maureen Meyer, the senior associate for Mexico at the Washington Office for Latin America, said the idea that raids would deter would-be migrants from seeking refuge in the United States is "short-sighted and inhumane."
"Refugees and migrants will continue to leave the Northern Triangle countries in record numbers as long as the conditions of violence and insecurity that cause many to flee their homes persist," said Meyer.
The administration has faced harsh criticism from both sides of the immigration debate since Obama's first term in office. The president has overseen many tough immigration enforcement actions, initially designed to prove to Republicans that existing laws were being dutifully executed, in hopes of slowing an enforcement-first GOP argument against comprehensive immigration reform.
The actions did not yield legislative gains, instead earning the president the moniker "deporter-in-chief," originally coined by Janet Murguía, president of the National Council of La Raza.
In June 2014, Cecilia Muñoz, the top White House official for immigration policy, attributed that year's surge to confusion in the Northern Triangle related to Congress's back-and-forth on immigration legislation.
In December, Congress approved $750 million designed to stem the forced migrations by helping to stabilize the Northern Triangle. But many Democrats are concerned that the money is not only too little, it's not reaching the countries it's intended to help.
Gutiérrez said Friday that Guatemala has received only $25 million.
"This is all, like, smoke and mirrors," he said.
Increasingly, the Democratic critics of Obama's deportation policies are urging a more hemispheric approach that targets the violence in the Northern Triangle and calls on regional allies to help absorb the refugees.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) on Wednesday penned a letter to President Obama expressing "concerns about the need for a more robust regional policy."
"The current approach either results in migrants being returned to the violent conditions they escaped from in the first place, or risks them falling victim to human trafficking and other criminal abuses on their dangerous journey to the United States," she wrote.
All eight crew members aboard the Atlantic Future are okay following a rescue south of Burin yesterday.
The Atlantic Future was being captained by John Cabot when Cabot says he encountered external problems he believes to be connected to the hull.
The Joint Rescue Coordination Centre in Halifax released video of the dramatic rescue.
A Cormorant from the 103 Search and Rescue Squadron in Gander was dispatched and plucked the crew from the vessel, which was taking on water, about 130 nautical miles south of Burin.
The vessel is still floating in the Atlantic.
Cabot says the crew is fine and he is now looking at what can be done with the vessel.
Earlier Story
Eight people were airlifted from a vessel in distress off the Burin Peninsula on Friday. A Cormorant helicopter from the 103 Search and Rescue Squadron in Gander was dispatched to the vessel, which was taking on water about 130 nautical miles south of Burin.
Many thanks to the civilian agency who's support was crucial to today's successful #SAR off Burin, NL — JTFA | FOIA (@JTFA_FOIA) February 4, 2017
Early unconfirmed reports indicate most of the crew were from the Fortune area.
All eight were taken to St. John's late Friday afternoon. The vessel was abandoned.
“The whole game is Beast Mode,” says Marshawn Lynch. Marshawn Lynch is a NFL player for the Seattle Seahawks, and today, ESPN has confirmed that he will be featured in Call of Duty: Black Ops 3. ESPN has also dedicated their newest issue of their magazine to eSports. Back in April, we reported that Lynch was at Treyarch Studios.
Here's the cover of the new magazine:
The team at Treyarch put Lynch through the full motion capture session to bring the character to life within the game. Lynch has been a huge fan of the Call of Duty franchise for a while now.
“For Marshawn's role, we needed an imposing figure,” says Mark Lamia, Treyarch studio head. “When we learned he's a huge fan, we thought it'd be awesome to have him inside our game.” “So I'm a villain,” Lynch says gleefully. “Marshawn Lynch is the perfect match for Call of Duty,” says Eric Hirshberg, CEO of Activision. “I mean, he's a guy who fills stadiums, crushes competitors and has a Beast Mode. What could be more COD than that?”
Here's a video from ESPN on it:
SOURCE: ESPN
CTV London
How many cats is too many? Two, three? What about 12?
That's the number an east London man has living in his home.
Ken McGill loves cats. He's actively involved in the cat community, both as a judge and a winner of shows across the country.
He lives with 12 Somalis he's been breeding for the last 60 years.
But after a complaint to the city about the number of cats, he's clawing back.
"I find it regretable that this is taking place because it really didn't have to," says McGill.
Mcgill was given a ticket by the City of London under a bylaw that says you can't have more than two cats per adult in the household.
McGill says it's an outdated bylaw and one that needs to be changed.
He wants an exemption for cat breeders like himself, so he's taking his fight to court to bring attention to the issue.
"It can be essentially a win-win for the city, as well as legitimate cat owners and breeders," says McGill's lawyer Rod Refcio.
The city says it is looking at potential changes to animal bylaws right now.
"What we need is balance, and we really do have a balance because our bylaw is very generous in the number of cats you can have in a household," says Orest Katolyk, London's manager of bylaw enforcement.
He's no longer breeding, so all the cats in his home have been spayed or neutered and he's actively trying to find homes for them.
"If people had sat down and talked this thing through, I don't think we'd be where we are today," says McGill.
McGill's court date is October 9th.
Because of his three vesting options, Chase Utley could be the regular second baseman of the Philadelphia Phillies for the next four campaigns. Starting in 2015 and through 2017 for each 162, Utley will either have 500 plate appearances to guarantee $15 million for the following season or a club option of $11 million or $5 million if he doesn't have 500 PA. He had 664 plate appearances in 2014 and 531 PA in 2013.
GENUINE INSIGHT
The Eye-Opener:
The aha moment locally in pro baseball is when you discover something new or the answer behind the facade of front-office posturing.
At 36, Utley will receive more days off to be an effective hitter through September, which will work if he doesn't have a lengthy stay on the disabled list. For instance, if he is extremely shy of the required plate appearances, the organization could decline their option for 2016, which would make him a free agent. Doing so, however, would mean they could not deal him for prospects, but the contract's vesting options would still be in force if they activate their team option. That stated, he is an aging veteran who still has value and a full no-trade clause.
The After-Utley Considerations:
If a player can succeed at Double-A, he has the same ability necessary to make it in the majors. The difference is dealing mentally with game speed against the strongest competition, controlling the emotional aspects of combat, handling the media and the faithful, and harnessing his talent. Along the way, two big jumps are obstacles to the dream: Single-A+ to Double-A is only a preparation for Triple-A to the major leagues. And because many Triple-A hurlers want to return to the Show, many throw more than just smoke–unlike Double-A fireballers.
Even though 30 percent of the annual top-100 aspirants in the MiLB make the majors, that number will never include Freddy Galvis or Cesar Hernandez because neither was ever in that group. But two sources for 2011 did rank Hernandez in the Phillies' system: one as a top 10 and the other at number 14. Granted, injuries have stopped some youngsters early; for instance, right-handed pitcher Jason Knapp–the key for the Cleveland Indians to move Cliff Lee in July 2009–never advanced to Double-A because of shoulder problems. On the positional end of the dugout, Michael Taylor recently retired due to his major league washout but was a top-30 prospect in 2010, which was two months after his trade to the Toronto Blue Jays. He is two years older than Domonic Brown but at that time number nine was a top-20 talent.
If memory serves you correctly, the thinking in 2012 projected Galvis as the likely candidate to succeed Utley. Unfortunately, the gifted defender was unable to average .250 but will get another chance to do so this summer, while future shortstop J.P. Crawford advances to the Double-A Reading Fightin Phils. Because Galvis needs to produce for another shot at second base, he has adjusted his swing to remove the loop and hit down on the ball. Meanwhile, when Hernandez is the second sacker on Utley's days off, management will see if the out-of-options infielder can be more than a reserve.
The final day of the 2014 MLB Winter Meetings in mid-December was for Rule 5 picks: This draft gives blocked players another path to the majors. Shane “the Flyin Hawaiian” Victorino did not succeed after two Rule 5 selections; however, the Los Angeles Dodgers allowed the red pinstripes to keep him, and they sent him to the Triple-A Scranton-Wilkes Barre Red Barons in 2005, where he finally blossomed. When franchises have many quality prospects for one position, they can only protect the best on their 40-man roster, but clubs with available spots can pick up an unprotected stud, who would have to be on their major league roster or DL for the entire season to remain in their organization. But Ruben Amaro Jr. will not have a problem with that.
Playing in his first Phils' camp, a young second sacker (and shortstop) is making the most of his MLB opportunity. He is putting on an impressive display but is here due to a blemish regarding his first try at Double-A in '13.
Folks in the Phillies' organization are excited about Rule 5 pick Odubel Herrera — and that was before he played another good game today. — Buster Olney (@Buster_ESPN) March 4, 2015
According to the prediction of Jim Salisbury at CSNPhilly.com, Odubel Herrera would make the squad and might even be the left fielder on Opening Day. Amaro, however, revealed in late December that Herrera could be the regular center fielder, which is now coming to fruition. For the final two weeks, the strategy was for Ben Revere to switch to left field–increasing his value–because from there his throwing won't be a problem. That stated, center field will be easier for Herrera. Also, Salisbury had this quote from a rival scout regarding what stood out in the Phils' camp.
“The Rule 5 kid. Nice pick.”
The brain trust envisions pairing Herrera with shortstop Crawford for a solid up-the-middle defense, and the two middle infielders, center fielder Roman Quinn and Revere (the oldest by four years) will give the red pinstripes four possibilities at the top of the lineup. While only Quinn (SH) and Maikel Franco can bat from the right side, Herrera, Crawford, Revere and Cody Asche form a left-heavy batting order. The reasoning here: Revere is the oldest of the table setters, probably will have the greatest value as a left fielder, cannot hit from the right side (Quinn), and is not a middle infielder (second baseman Herrera and shortstop Crawford). Ergo, Amaro will trade Revere by 2017.
The Numerical Bible:
Based on age and MiLB level, the comparisons here are to Galvis and Hernandez. The second sacker appears to be playing it safe on the bases–and the rest of his game? Fielding aside, Galvis has been an unexpected hero a few times and been ice-cold as well. Prediction: Herrera will be the biggest surprise on the 2015 Phillies.
First Double-A effort:
Herrera, 21, at Double-A in '13: 101 Gms., 412 PA, a .257 Avg., a .289 OBP, a .304 BABIP, two HR, 30 RBI, a .082 ISO, a .628 OPS, 6.6 Spd., 15 SB and five CS.
At 22 years of age:
Herrera at Double-A: 96 Gms., 408 PA, a .321 Avg., a .373 OBP, a .389 BABIP, two HR, 48 RBI, a .082 ISO, a .775 OPS, 5.4 Spd., 12 SB and seven CS.
Hernandez at Triple-A: 104 Gms., 440 PA, a .309 Avg., a .375 OBP, a .384 BABIP, two HR, 34 RBI, a .092 ISO, a .776 OPS, 7.8 Spd., 32 SB and eight CS.
Galvis in the MLB: 58 Gms., 200 PA, a .226 Avg., a .254 OBP, a .253 BABIP, three HR, 24 RBI, a .137 ISO, a 0.6 WAR, a .617 OPS, 2.0 Spd., no SB and no CS.
At Double-A:
Herrera, 22: 96 Gms., 408 PA, a .321 Avg., a .373 OBP, a .389 BABIP, two HR, 48 RBI, a .082 ISO, a .775 OPS, 5.4 Spd., 12 SB and seven CS.
Hernandez, 21: 103 Gms., 450 PA, a .304 Avg., a .345 OBP, a .358 BABIP, two HR, 51 RBI, a .131 ISO, a .781 OPS, 6.4 Spd., 16 SB and 12 CS.
Galvis, 21: 104 Gms., 464 PA, a .273 Avg., a .326 OBP, a .308 BABIP, eight HR, 35 RBI, a .128 ISO, a .727 OPS, 6.3 Spd., 19 SB and 11 CS.
Newcomers:
In my opinion, the articles here represent the thinking of a front-office baseball man and occasionally non-playing field personnel. Reading people is the answer to their decisions: past, present and future. Also, the humanizing element highlights their successes, challenges and pitfalls regarding mental, emotional, and physical factors.
There will be a published Storyline and/or Red Alert each week. Storyline features multiple stars and Red Alert highlights a specific player.
Philadelphia Phillies 2015 Preview: 3 Up and 3 Down
The Most Visited Articles:
Since their recent track-record listing, these four are the most popular. Click the archives for Tal Venada for all other reviews.
Retitled Storyline: Lee Impacts the Phillies' Plans
Storyline: Boomerang-Like Plan for the Phillies
Storyline: Eager-to-Trade Phillies
Red Alert: The Winning Bid for Hamels, Phillies
During the course of a full calendar year, dollar values fluctuate and present-tense usage indicates only the current worth.
The publication date of this review was March 30, 2015. If this is not a recent date, check my author archives for my latest piece at Tal Venada.
Storyline: The Giles Effect on the Phillies
Storyline: Asche vs. Early Utley Through the Phillies' System
Storyline: Trading Lee, a Phillies' Mistake
Retitled Storyline: Lee vs. Halladay as Phillies
Notification for Storyline and Red Alert:
If you want to receive a personal message per article,
tweet me or you can Follow @Tals_Storylines
Tunisian blogger Sofiane Shurabi, a scathing critic of deposed president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, was arrested on Sunday for drinking alcohol in public during Ramadan with two friends, police and a lawyer said.
Lawyer Anis Ezzine told AFP that Shurabi and a journalist friend were arrested on the beach at El Mansoura in the northeast on Sunday morning for “being drunk in a public place, disturbance of the peace and unacceptable behaviour.”
Interior ministry spokesman Khaled Tarouch said a young woman was arrested with them and that all three had admitted the charges. Drinking alcohol in public is severely frowned upon during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
“They admitted it,” Tarouch told the radio station Express-FM.
“After consultation with the ministry, the three were detained for unacceptable behaviour and drinking alcohol in public.”
Ezzine said they could face up to seven months in prison.
Earlier, Shurabi wrote on his Facebook page, without giving details, that he had been arrested at the police station at Menzel Temime.
Shurabi, who works for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting, was popular for his scathing blogs targeting the regime of Ben Ali that was toppled in January 2011.
Like several other civil society members, Shurabi has expressed fear of a creeping Islamisation in Tunisia, where the government is dominated by the Islamist party Al-Nahda, allied with two centre-left movements.
Another lawyer, Leila Ben Debba, hinted on Sunday that there may be a political dimension to the blogger's arrest.
“I do not exclude that his arrest was linked to his appeal on Facebook to demonstrate tonight” against the government's policies, she told Express-FM.
A call for a protest in central Tunis is circulating on the Internet, despite an interior ministry warning that such a gathering has not been authorised.
Photo of tourists at El Mansoura beach in Tunisia by Simon Blackley via Flickr
Fit for Diving Series : Part 1 (Stretching) | Part 2 (Strength) | Part 3 (Condition)
If you do an online search for ‘stretching' and ‘scuba' you'll get as many links for how to lengthen your neck seal and cuffs as for your muscles. For ‘freediving' this is slightly improved in that the stretching refers to the body, rather than equipment, but often only the lungs and diaphragm.
For most divers the concept of warming up refers to donning a woolly undersuit or pouring hot water into their suit. Stretching is reserved for people in leggings at the gym, right? It's not surprising if that's your view as there are as many myths around stretching as there are truths.
So why bother? Stretching muscles helps to relax them, releases toxins like lactic acid which builds up during exercise, and improves tone for better posture. If done frequently it will help to avoid cramps whilst diving and ease tension out of the body after lifting heavy equipment or a tough swim. It's best done after exercise and involves holding each stretch for 15 to 30 seconds. Don't hold your stretches before a dive, because this actually reduces the power in your muscles. You might feel really relaxed but you won't get as much power through your fin kick.
The only exception to this rule is for freedivers doing static breath-holds, where they lie face down in the water. The bonus of having all major muscles in resting state is great, as less oxygen will be needed to keep muscle tone.
What you can do before a dive is mobilise. It's the action of moving your main joints through their normal range of motion that helps to improve flexibility, not holding stretches endlessly. And the best way to do this is through movement, which is why it's called a warm-up! The best advice is that your warm-up should mimic the activity you're about to do, so for running it's a light jog. For diving it's a bit more complicated as you'll need to do this on dry land.
My warm-up routine involves circles – let's call them bubbles as we're all divers here. Starting at the top of the body I move my head & neck, shoulders, elbows and wrists in slow circles, in both directions. Then move to the waist and base of the spine, hip joints, knees and ankles using the same motion. This takes about 5 minutes, helps to focus the mind on the task ahead and if done in time with a steady breath can be really relaxing. I normally add five to ten squats to warm up my thighs, calves and ankles for finning and I'm good to go. If you practice yoga and have access to a mat then a few rounds of slow sun salutations are a good warm-up.
To get the most out of your diving body you need to keep the joints moving daily, as the saying goes “if you don't use it, you'll lose it”. Try it every day for a month and the habit will soon kick in, so that on the morning of a dive it will seem second nature. It's usually during a warm-up that I realise I've forgotten some important piece of dive kit, so it's worth taking the extra few minutes to prepare!
Freedivers will also want to warm up their breathing apparatus before diving. This could include some chest-opening stretches involving the arms and shoulders to relax the muscles in and around the rib cage. Deep breathing techniques such as ‘breath of fire', ‘victorious' (ujjayi) or ‘shining skull (kapalabhati) techniques will flush stale air out of the lungs, and help further release tension in and around the lungs. The main caveat with these exercises is not to do them straight before a dive as they are all forms of hyperventilation, so could lead to a blackout.
Many freedivers will also use diaphragm stretching, hence the high return rate on a Google search! This is an excellent way to prepare the body for diving to depth, but take care not to practice this too aggressively as back injuries are common. As with mobility, it's a technique that needs to be practiced little and often for long-term diaphragm flexibility, so benefits are unlikely to happen overnight.
Once the dive kit is off and packed up, don't rush off to the pub without some cool-down. Start at the feet and stretch the ankles by pointing and flexing the toes. Stretch out the calf muscles and quads using a few lunges. The lower back is likely to be tense from your swimming posture so a long-held backbend can be very pleasing after a day of diving. The upper back, chest and shoulders can feel tight from carrying heavy gear so stretch the arms out in front of the chest, above the head and behind the back. Finish off with gentle neck stretches to the sides, front and back. Wait several hours before you exercise any more strenuously than this, as it can increase the risk of decompression sickness.
Key things to remember are;
Warm-up by moving before your dive
Cool-down by stretching after your dive
Do both and you're likely to have fewer injuries, feel more relaxed and get more power out of your muscles when you need it
Stretch to the point of discomfort only – aggressive stretching reduces flexibility. Remember that the lungs have no pain receptors, so go easy.
Do it daily!
In Part II we'll look at building strength in the muscles for diving, particularly around the core. And in Part III look at cardio-vascular fitness.
Fit for Diving Series : Part 1 (Stretching) | Part 2 (Strength) | Part 3 (Condition)
A year on from the German's domineering display against Brazil at the World Cup, Kiyan Sobhani evaluates how Rafa Benitez can release the shackles imposed by Carlo Ancelotti at the Santiago Bernabeu last season...
We are part of The Trust Project What is it?
Toni Kroos' first season with Real Madrid was hugely understated. Aged 25, the immensely talented German has already won the Champions League and a World Cup, not to mention his various domestic trinkets and individual accolades at youth level.
Pep Guardiola indirectly appointed him the ‘Xavi' of Bayern Munich upon his arrival in Bavaria, by assigning him the same role the Spanish wizard played in the Catalonian tactician's system the year before.
In Germany's historic World Cup run last year, there wasn't a single central midfielder who outshone him – even if Javier Mascherano and Paul Pogba were imperious at times. The dismantling of Brazil in Belo Horizonte a year ago to the day was orchestrated by Kroos, the engine and instigator of that historic night.
In that match, Kroos played alongside Sami Khedira and Bastian Schwiensteiger who provided some relief from his defensive duties, which in turn allowed him to pressure high up the pitch. Kroos has a brain that can dissect an opposing defence with quick, intricate passing that's impressive in its simplicity. It's the same simplicity that Xavi and Andrea Pirlo – the best central midfielders of their generation – played with. He, with Luka Modric, forms the glue that holds Real Madrid together and helps ease the transition from midfield to attack in a side riddled with attacking talent. But the burden has been overwhelming.
Looking for Luka
Kroos under Carlo Ancelotti last season was overworked and overplayed; more than 4,500 minutes of football in a position he's unaccustomed to. It was expected that the German would slot into a more advanced role, but the arrival of James Rodriguez and the unexpected – and untimely – departure of Xabi Alonso meant he would have to fill the void as a defensive midfielder.
Under Pep, Kroos gained experience as a deep-lying playmaker, but playing as a lone defensive midfielder is a whole different scenario altogether. It's one that requires a bundle of defensive work and has a cap on how much you can venture forward. Certain teams can get away without fielding a defensive midfielder, as the more traditional ‘box-to-box' man gains momentum in today's tactical systems. But in order for that to work, you need to have several central midfielders to clog the middle and distribute the workload.
Guardiola unleashed the potential in Kroos at Bavaria
For the majority of last season, Real Madrid didn't have such luxuries and Kroos suffered because of it. Asier Illarramendi is fragile and was never trusted, Khedira had little desire to play and Lucas Silva is as raw as they come. This left just one capable midfielder, Modric, who could alleviate the burden on Kroos.
Due to the Croatian's various injuries, the Modric-Kroos pairing was possible only a handful of times. It's no surprise that when they played together, both thrived, Real Madrid looked unstoppable and on course to become the first team to retain the Champions League since Milan kept the European Cup in the late '80s.
Barça-roamer
Los Blancos' best performance of the season was in the first Clasico back in October, where they outplayed and outworked a frustrated Barcelona side that had no answers to the relentless pressure and quick, direct football stemming from Real Madrid's midfield. Kroos was everywhere. He completed 56 of his 60 passes; only Andres Iniesta and Dani Alves managed more that night. Iniesta completed 57 of 65; Alves 64 of 67, 63 of which were short passes to either Lionel Messi, Ivan Rakitic, Sergio Busquets or Luis Suarez.
That kind of efficiency from Kroos, though, requires a proper supporting cast. The 25-year-old was surrounded by Modric and Isco, and the former boasted a 100% pass-completion rate.
Both those midfielders were providing easy outlets to Kroos, and also tracking back to help pressure Barcelona's midfield. All three pressed high together, and were always close in proximity to make easy passes to each other. But this was a luxury that Real Madrid didn't often have.
Fast-forward to a big game against Juventus in the Champions League semi-final first leg. Kroos' passing rate remained at a steady 93%, but his makeshift central midfield partner wasn't nearly as helpful as his Croatian counterpart. Sergio Ramos was that man, who completed 84.6% of his efforts.
That doesn't tell much of a story in this case. In that match, Ramos's positioning and movement off the ball weren't conducive to Real Madrid controlling the midfield, and the Spaniards were completely overrun defensively. It's that lack of support which has far too often drilled Kroos straight into the ground, caused fatigue and had fingers pointing at him – unjustly.
Rafa's role
In the 2014/15 season, Real Madrid played seven times against their elite rivals (Barcelona, Atletico Madrid, Valencia, Juventus) and managed to win just two of them, drawing another two.
Such a record is one of the main reasons Ancelotti was sacked, but it points to a deeper issue. In every loss for those big matches, Modric was unavailable and Kroos was overburdened, having to play alongside either Ramos, Illarramendi or Khedira.
Real were rampant against Barça with Kroos and Modric in the side
Real Madrid's main problem last season was the lack of proper depth at the defensive midfielder position – a problem well out of Ancelotti's control. It's a problem that affects the whole team, starting from central midfield, and stems all the way to the front three of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo. They can only function well with a working unit behind them – one that's defensively stable and can properly supply them the ball.
ALSO ON FFT.COM FEATURE Why Real Madrid and Man United want Lucas Biglia to beef up their midfields
Has Real Madrid recognised this? So far new boss Rafa Benitez has said all the right things, stating that Kroos needs to play in a more advanced role, which requires the purchase of a new defensive midfielder.
Lazio's Lucas Biglia has been touted, but the club is at least taking the right steps to add depth by bringing back Casemiro from his loan spell at Porto – a tough, rugged destroyer who won't back down from a challenge. He's not the most polished midfielder, nor is he known for his football IQ, but a solid player in his position nonetheless. Benitez's next conundrum is who gets dropped to accommodate Kroos' new advanced role. Over to you, Rafa.
More features like this every day on FFT.com
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eliaquim Mangala hit back at Chris Sutton after the former Chelsea striker described his decision-making as ‘appalling.'
The French defender produced a towering display as Manchester City booked their place in the Champions League semi finals for the first time in their history.
He silenced Paris St Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the 1-0 win at the Etihad on Tuesday and quickly sought out Sutton on Twitter to revel in the moment.
He Tweeted:
Sutton had been heavily critical of Mangala when speaking to Radio 5Live before the quarter final second leg against PSG.
He said: “You cannot give somebody a brain and that's Mangala's problem.
“He can run, he's strong – but defending is all about decision-making.”
Watch: David Ginola gets stuck into his former side as PSG bow out of the UEFA Champions League
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But the £42m centre back went on to produce arguably his finest performance in a City shirt as PSG were limited to only a clutch of chances.
More City:
And City fans were quick to acknowledge his display on social media with comments like:
“Hard work pays off. You can let Zlatan out of your pocket now :-)” and “You were immense. Congrats, Manga!”
Weekly World News has acquired a copy of the AMC show's finale script, and it will certainly surprise fans.
Weekly World News has acquired a copy of the AMC show's finale script, and it will certainly surprise fans.
The final season of “Breaking Bad,” the television series that follows a high school chemistry teacher (portrayed by Bryan Cranston) nosedive into the world of methamphetamine distribution, has inspired much speculation on how the tale of Walter White will end. Weekly World News has found the answer, as a leaked script says it was all a dream.
Taking place almost entirely in White's bedroom, the episode begins with the show's protagonist tossing, turning and eventually waking up to see his wife, Skyler, resting peacefully beside him.
His surroundings and appearance — including a full head of hair not seen since early episodes — seem to imply that not one thing from the last five seasons has actually happened. After a brief and sobering conversation with his family, he walks outside to see characters encountered throughout his dreams in new roles. They're his neighbors, each having their own white picket fence, now living a picturesque life similar to his own. He smiles when he sees dreamland partner-in-crime Jesse Pinkman in front of his own home, chasing his children around the yard.
The script's authenticity has been confirmed with sources from the show. The ending strikes quite a different note than the rest of the series, opting for an optimistic, yet ironic cap to the grim drama. According to sources, creator Vince Gilligan “wanted to turn the whole thing on its head, leading the audience's fascination with the bleak, tumultuous life of Walter White to a sobering conclusion. The downward spiral caused by Walter's decisions has now been reversed, providing a sense of redemption for a man who just wanted to provide for his family.”
In respect to the show, Weekly World News has decided to not reveal the entirety of the script.
The show's fifth season begins on July 15.
The Obama administration is further easing sanctions on Iran, making it easier for foreign firms to do business with the country following last year's nuclear deal.
Shortly before 6 p.m. Friday at the start of the Columbus Day holiday weekend in the United States, the Treasury Department published new guidance for businesses that said some previously prohibited dollar transactions with Iran by offshore banking institutions are allowed as long as they do not enter the U.S. financial system.
The clarifications from Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control also remove a blanket ban on foreign transactions with Iranian firms that may be controlled by a person who remains subject to U.S. sanctions.
Despite the nuclear agreement, which gave sanctions relief to Iran in return for it curtailing its nuclear program, the U.S. maintains sanctions on Iran and certain Iranian companies and people. They are known as "specially designated nationals" or SDNs, for a variety of reasons, including its ballistic missile program, human rights record and support for groups the U.S. deems to be terrorist organizations.
The new Treasury language says foreign transactions with non-sanctioned entities that are nonetheless "minority owned" or "controlled in whole or in part by an Iranian or Iran-related person on the SDN list" are "not necessarily sanctionable" under U.S. regulations.
Friday's steps by the Treasury come amid growing complaints from Iran that it is not getting the sanctions relief it deserves under the nuclear deal because remaining U.S. sanctions have scared foreign companies from doing business in or with the country. The U.S. insists it has met its obligations and blamed Iranian behavior for the reluctance of foreign companies do to business in Iran. At the same time, it has sought to reassure foreign companies that certain transactions with Iran will no longer be subject to U.S. sanctions.
Creating a game is no easy task, but most people who undertake this mission are motivated by a passion and love of games. Raising money for development, on the other hand, isn't on every game dev's list of favorite things. Still, in order to see their babies come to life, many a game maker has gone in search of funding. While game publishers are the source most game developers turn to, this post looks at three alternatives. In the end, who you turn to will depend on the nature of your game and the stage of your development lifecycle when you approach them.
1. Love-money
If you're just starting out, and all you have are some mad skills, a lot of determination and an idea that you believe in, then sometimes the only place to go is to family and friends. Or as some game creators have been known to do, show yourself some love by backing your own work via loans, your regular day job, or client work.
Good old Mom & Dad and Uncle Tom
Yes, sometimes loved ones may be the only ones willing to back you. This was indeed the case in Unity's own history when the three founders turned to family for help back in the day with their idea for a game engine.
“We had been living in a sublet room on a ridiculously cheap budget watching whatever money we had saved up from past jobs slowly dwindle, surviving on a daily diet of kebabs, and basically working around the clock,” says David Helgason, one of Unity's three founders.
“We were young with no family commitments, so we could afford to live like that and invest the time. But when the money we had saved from other jobs ran out, we turned to family and borrowed around 100,000 euros to see the project through,” Helgason says.
Doesn't have to be a huge risk
Of course, in this case, the story had a very happy ending with the birth of the Unity game engine, but had it failed, the borrowers would have had to face the consequences. Still, even looking back, Helgason doesn't consider it a crazy risk.
“If worse had come to worst, we could have worked it off in a few years. Yes, it would have been dreary, but it seemed relatively safe to us, and we believed enough in what we were doing,” he says.
However, Helgason does see some truth in the old saying: ‘Don't raise money when you need it, raise money when you don't.” He says that if they were just starting out today, they probably would have done things differently.
“The environment is much better and healthier today; there's a lot more people willing to assume risk. And tools have gotten cheaper. You can tap into the game engine community, and things like the Asset Store make it easier to lower the cost of production,” he says.
A little self-love
An alternative to turning to your family is to back yourself up. Many a studio butters their bread via freelancing, consulting, developing business apps, or some other “grown-up job,” in order to finance their dream project, which they run on the side. Or sometimes, as in the case of Fireproof Games, they save up until they can afford to bring their baby to life.
Fireproof Games built a business foundation on freelance projects for other studios as an outsourced team of artists and game design experts. They then used that base to finance their own creative pursuits when they'd gathered enough resources and the time was right.
The journey is sometimes long
It took Fireproof Games four years from their start in 2008 before they were ready to create their own game. And even then, it was only the emergence of the Unity engine that enabled them to do it with limited programmer resources.
“In early 2012 we had saved enough money to hire our first programmer and got to work building a creepy tactile puzzle game with Unity for tablets and phones. We named it ‘The Room' and released it in September 2012, and to our great surprise it was an instant hit,” they wrote in a Made with Unity story.
Able to pursue their creative vision, Fireproof Games went on to become an independent studio working full-time on their own games. The Room was followed up with two sequels, and altogether, the series has sold over 10 million copies. To learn more, you can read the Fireproof Games Unity case story.
2. Crowdfunding
Sometimes it takes a community to raise a game
Kickstarter, Indiegogo, and other crowdfunding sites that focus solely on games, like Gogetfunding, Fig, and GameLaunched, offer an exciting, (relatively) new way to raise money. However, people often underestimate the amount of effort it takes to raise cash via crowdfunding.
“Well, I can always just do a Kickstarter,” I saw one optimistic game developer comment on a fundraising forum.
This simply isn't the case. A crowdfunding campaign has never been easy, and as the popularity of platforms like Kickstarter grows, it becomes increasingly difficult to gain attention for one's own campaign. The truth is that a successful crowdfunding campaign is hard but not impossible. The Kickstarter video game project success rate for the first half of 2016 was around 18 percent.
As with anything else, success requires a high level of focus and the right kind of effort. You should start developing your community at least nine months prior to your campaign launch, and you should plan on one to three months to prepare the actual campaign. Setting a realistic target goal, starting to plan early, involving your community, and, not least, remaining hyper-active on social media throughout your campaign are some of the important best practices.
“You need to have all your preparation in place before you start because Kickstarter's rules mean that it's all or nothing, one shot,” says Mark Folkenberg, whose Books & Magic studio's Kickstarter Project did not meet it's goal. “You're going to have to spend so much energy on it that you should do it right the first time. And if you find that you're not ready, then, postpone it, and reuse some of the work when you are ready,” he advises.
Books & Magic later found investors to back their project, an augmented reality book, which brings new life to Hans Christian Andersen's Little Mermaid tale.
Getting featured on Kickstarter
Careful marketing planning and intense activity helps you in two ways. First, it addresses the fact that you can't necessarily depend on Kickstarter to find new backers. Second, if you do hope to get discovered on Kickstarter, it's important to get featured on the default setting of their advanced Discover tool known as “Magic.” This setting toggles between a prominent display of most popular posts and staff picks. An abundance of social activity could go a long way to getting your project featured.
Team Niche, which reached the funding goal for their genetic survival game after just three days, have written about the lessons learned from their success.
“We could never have reached the same level of funding without our small, but dedicated fan-base. Over the past year, we visited various events (such as GDC, Gamescom and Game Connection) and posted frequently on social media (mostly Facebook and Twitter) in order to connect with people that are interested in our game idea,” Team Niche wrote on Gamasutra.
3. Investors
Although the lines between the categories can get blurred, there are basically three different types of investors: incubator/accelerators, Venture Capitalists (VCs) and angel investors.
Accelerators: From idea to prototype
Incubator/accelerators, like GameFounders, Microsoft Greenshoots in London and Stugan in Sweden. tend to back projects from the initial idea to the prototype stage. In addition to funding, they also provide resources meant to accelerate your development cycle (although in some cases, they actually only provide the resources and not the funding). Resources can include capital, free rent, networking and coaching, for example.
VCs help you take it to the next level
If accelerators often only take a game creator as far as the prototype stage, VCs on the other hand often get involved later in the project cycle. In fact, game makers who turn to VCs may already have a full team in place and even a prototype with some initial community interest, but for whatever reason, they are unable to take it to the next level on their own.
VCs avoid backing just one game; and instead look at the whole team and their long-term vision. Before investing, a VC will take a thorough look at who's on your team, what they've done, and how they complement each other. They want to hear about your team's long-term vision, the kinds of games you plan to make, to see a technology roadmap, and to be sure that there is potential for the game to scale and the studio to grow in value.
VCs play the long game
VCs are betting on you for the long-term, and as such, the resources they provide can be more far-reaching than what accelerators offer. But VCs that are interested in game development can be difficult to find. What's more, even VCs who do focus on games, like Execution Labs, will only back project that that offer serious commercial potential.
“We're a commercial investor, and we ourselves are venture funded. We're not a charity and we're not an arts council,” says Jason Della Rocca, Co-Founder of Execution Labs. “Obviously, it helps if it's a cool game or a concept that inspires us, but that's just one part of it.”
In order for them to be interested, the game or idea must have the potential to scale and generate huge revenue.
“The upper end of the scale has to be so high that it can't even be calculated,” Della Rocca says. “We won't make millions every time, but when a game wins, we want it to win big..”
Ultimately, VCs are professional investors that need to seek a return on their investments. As such, your game and studio must be an actual opportunity to catch their interest and support.
The missing resources you don't have in-house
While their expectations may be high, VCs do extend more resources than what the average accelerator might offer. For example, Execution Labs resources include marketing and PR aimed at acquiring new users, on-staff experts in analytics and business planning, and the ability to expedite deals with a broad network of other investors, publishers, and global distributors.
Angel investors
Angel investors are affluent individuals looking for an exciting project to invest their own money in. Whereas VCs are more focused on the numbers, angel investors can be driven by other factors.
“While VCs look at things like sector growth and potential valuation, it can be much more personal with angel investors,”Della Rocca says. “Of course, they're not going to just throw their money away, but they can be influenced by thoughts like: ‘Am I going to want to come by and hang out with these this team and be able to mentor them.' There are more emotions involved.”
Where are those angels (and other funding sources) hiding?
You may be a young, inexperienced beginner looking for love money, an established team seeking a push for your idea from crowdfunding or accelerators, or a studio that already has a prototype, which needs backing to take it to the next level. Whatever the case, a good way to increase your chances of success is to build relationships in the gaming community, industry, and with potential investors by networking actively.
Mark Folkenberg, who found private investors with knowledge of the gaming industry for his studio's AR book project, says it's important to give yourself good time to find the right investor.
“Finding the right contacts can take months, and then the pitch itself can take months as well, It's better to give yourself the time to work on potential leads than to have a launch date and rush it through when time and money are running out.”.
But Folkenberg does have a final word of warning for fellow fund seekers.
“When you're out there pitching your product, listen to what everyone says, but remember that in the end, it's your project, your vision, and you have the final word. Don't fall into trap of thinking that because you heard it ten times, it's true. No one knows your project like you,” he says.
In the video we made for the MediaGoblin campaign, there's a part of the video which says: “What would happen if YouTube went away? What would happen to cat videos on the internet? It would be like a cat massacre.” People seem to really respond to this part of the video, which is good (though they usually ask me how we resisted the pun “cat-astrophe”… I guess with the title of this blogpost, we finally gave in). And every now and then we get a reminder that this isn't just a vague possibility: these things can… and do… really happen.
Today, for a few minutes, YouTube went down. For a brief moment in time, millions of cat voices cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. Now, granted, they came back a few minutes later. But within the same short interval that I heard about YouTube going down, various programmer friends of mine started complaining that they couldn't get any work done because GitHub also went down due to a DDOS attack.
Is this because YouTube or GitHub are badly run, or that the companies that run them are inherently evil? No, I don't think so. But there is a structural problem, one that's the case with any major centralized service: when that service goes out, it takes everything it hosts out with it. This is a reminder that these types of institutions, even when run by brilliant and wonderful people, have inherent flaws as they become large, centralized behemoths. Even the nicest, most well run of centralized behemoths can fall. And will.
And as we point out on the campaign page, it's entirely possible that your favorite large, centralized service could go away permanently. In fact, some day it probably will. Geocities might have seemed like a joke to everyone by the time it disappeared, but in 2000 it seemed like a huge institution that would never go away… but then it did. Maybe some day YouTube or Flickr will cease to be profitable, and then those will go away. It could happen… it nearly happened to Google Video.
What's the cure? Bring the web back to be a decentralized place, the way it was intended to be. This isn't an easy task, though: services are getting larger and more complicated, and need a lot of special expertise to get them working properly. The good news: we are already working toward that future. Could you help us out?
Thanks for all you do,
— The MediaGoblin team
Takeshi Tsuchiya, chief engineer and part-time driver at defending GT300 Champion team VivaC Team Tsuchiya, gave a very candid interview with Ryuji Hirano of AUTOSPORTweb on Friday.
The reigning GT300 Drivers' Champion detailed what was a turbulent off-season behind the scenes at VivaC Team Tsuchiya, with the revelation of team founder and director, Haruo Tsuchiya, being hospitalized for three months due to a bout with oral cancer – leaving his son Takeshi to prepare the team for their 2017 title defense.
2016 was a fantastic year for VivaC Team Tsuchiya, who returned to Super GT after a lengthy hiatus in 2015 with the new Toyota 86 MC (Mother Chassis).
Through a combination of a terrific vehicle, a superb team of mechanics, aggressive tyre strategies, the emergence of young Takamitsu Matsui as a top-flight driver during the summer, VivaC Team Tsuchiya – often regarded as one of the greatest independent garages in Super GT history – won the GT300 championship with a victory at Twin Ring Motegi.
It was an emotional moment for the whole team, especially for Takeshi Tsuchiya, who in his final full season, won his first Super GT Drivers' Championship driving for his father's team, while also serving as chief engineer.
However, the joy suddenly turned to melancholy on November 22, when Haruo Tsuchiya was taken to hospital for what doctors learned was cancer at the bottom of the mouth.
Haruo Tsuchiya was released in February, we can fortunately say. But in the winter months, with his father not around at the Tsuchiya Engineering shop that he'd founded in 1996, Takeshi Tsuchiya would have to step into his father's role and prepare the team for 2017.
“I had to become Haruo Tsuchiya,” Takeshi remarked of his off-season as a deputy team manager.
Takeshi would take responsibility for upgrading the VivaC 86 MC, and in particular, the younger Tsuchiya was able to improve quite a few components of last year's championship-winning machine through improving the accuracy of assembly.
The developments paid off well: In the second day of pre-season testing at Okayama International Circuit, newly-recruited Kenta Yamashita set the fastest lap of the two-day test at Okayama, with an unofficial class lap record of 1:25.523 – quicker than Takeshi Tsuchiya's own pole position-winning record from a year ago.
However, there would be more chaos to come for the second leg of testing at Fuji – and that's before snowfall and heavy fog cancelled the second and final day of the test.
With Takamitsu Matsui in Germany racing for Toyota Gazoo Racing in the VLN Endurance Series, and Kenta Yamashita testing for Lexus Team WedsSport Bandoh in place of Yuji Kunimoto, Tsuchiya himself would test the car for the second time in as many weeks.
So too would Tsubasa Kondo, the reigning Porsche Carrera Cup champion of Japan, who was officially announced as VivaC Team Tsuchiya's third driver for the 2017 season. Kondo drove for Team Taisan SARD at the two-race Motegi GT Grand Final at the end of last season, making his Super GT debut with two finishes of sixth and seventh.
At Okayama, the regular lineup of Matsui and reigning All-Japan F3 champion Yamashita will drive the #25 VivaC 86 MC.
However, at the Fuji 500km on May 4, Yamashita will be called upon to replace Yuji Kunimoto in the GT500 #19 WedsSport Advan LC500 – so VivaC Team Tsuchiya will nominate Kondo to drive with Matsui at Fuji.
Takeshi Tsuchiya ruled himself out of driving as a third driver for the Golden Week classic, electing instead to give his young drivers an opportunity to race instead.
VivaC Team Tsuchiya were already considered one of the favourites to win the 2017 GT300 Championship and thus take back-to-back titles. But with the revelation of what this team endured through the off-season, especially with Haruo Tsuchiya's bout with cancer, they will certainly resonate as a sentimental favourite to win the championship this year as well.
Critics fear it could also be harnessed to craft 'designer babies.' | Getty Gene editing: The next frontier in America's abortion wars Longtime combatants find themselves on the same side when it comes to manipulating the DNA of human embryos.
Activists on both sides of the abortion debate now have a common enemy — the use of a powerful new gene editing technology to tinker with the human race.
That may seem like an idea from a sci-fi flick, but it's already here. The gene-editing technique is already used in research and has the potential to modify human DNA with unprecedented ease in the not-too-distant future. British regulators approved limited experiments in human embryos earlier this month.
Story Continued Below
The technology holds promise to cure diseases like cystic fibrosis or sickle cell and even revive extinct species. But critics fear it could also be harnessed to craft “designer babies,” who are more intelligent, beautiful or athletic and to “edit” embryonic cells to change an inherited trait forever.
Those dystopian prospects have aligned U.S. groups long at odds: The anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List, Family Research Council and the Center for Bioethics and Culture oppose gene editing in embryos. So do abortion rights groups like Our Bodies Ourselves and the leadership of the Pro Choice Alliance for Responsible Research, albeit for very different reasons.
They're not alone in raising concerns. Scientists and policymakers around the world were drawn up short last April after Chinese researchers reported they had used the technology, called CRISPR-Cas9, to edit the genes of human embryos for the first time. The Obama administration issued a statement a short time later opposing such research. Congress forbid the government to fund similar experiments in this country, and the National Academy of Sciences convened experts last week to begin looking at the ethical, legal and social questions of editing the genes of human embryos.
“Fears about eugenics, a brave new world … are concerns that are shared by people across the political spectrum,” said Nathaniel Comfort, a medical historian at Johns Hopkins University.
Indeed, a poll last month by the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and STAT found that about two-thirds of Americans oppose gene editing in fetuses, and 83 percent oppose gene editing solely for intellectual or physical characteristics.
Just because pro- and anti- abortion rights groups are on the same side of this issue, however, doesn't mean they will join forces on this issue.
Abortion-rights advocates say they are wary of collaborating for fearing their views might be misunderstood or distorted.
This is not a case of strange bedfellows, said Marcy Darnovsky, executive editor of The Center for Genetics and Society, adding, “no one is in bed together.”
China breakthrough
In fact, the groups' rationales for opposing gene editing in human embryos could not be more different.
That came into sharp relief last spring after the Chinese reported their unsuccessful efforts to modify the gene responsible for a potentially fatal blood disorder. Those researchers had hoped to sidestep ethical concerns by using non-viable embryos, meaning the cells could not develop into babies. But the report generated an outpouring of questions, challenges -- and, in some quarters, horror.
“We don't believe any human being should be used as an experiment, no matter their stage of life,” said David Prentice, vice president and research director of the Charlotte Lozier Institute, the research arm of Susan B. Anthony List.
Prentice's group has long opposed any research involving human embryos. This work is even more egregious, he said, because “the embryos are the experiment.”
Groups that favor abortion rights, including the Center for Genetics and Society, support embryonic stem cell research and basic research on gene editing on principle. They see the potential to alleviate suffering from genetic diseases but favor using the technology in adults only. If used in embryos, they worry the technology might further inequalities and bring greater harm to those on society's margins, including the disabled, minorities and gay people.
That's because some parents might want to use the tool to “prevent or cure” things like dark skin or homosexuality, “instead of looking for social changes to make people see each other as more equal,” said Darnovsky.
The line between altering traits for medical reasons and enhancement is “inherently blurry and subjective," she said, imagining fertility clinics that “offer the latest upgrades for your offspring” and even nationalistic rivalries among countries using the technology.
Other abortion rights groups, including Planned Parenthood and NARAL, have not yet expressed a position.
Debating limits
Neither side of the abortion debate was pleased last December after scientists and bioethicists from around the world attended a meeting in D.C. and recommended a voluntary moratorium on making changes to DNA that could be passed down to subsequent generations, but not an outright ban. (The British research approval complies with that moratorium since it forbids altered embryos from being transplanted to the womb.)
“Future parents have a right to respect the human dignity, or at least respect some morally relevant status of the human embryo,” said Hille Haker, the chair of Catholic Moral Theology at Loyola University Chicago. “We need to ensure the rights of all.”
Abortion rights groups were also unhappy. Such technology “would set in motion a bunch of competitive and commercial dynamics … and even if these genetically modified children weren't really stronger, better or more intelligent, [we] could be inserting new types of discrimination and new inequality into the world,” Darnovsky said.
Congress took steps to limit the technology a short time later by blocking FDA review of clinical research that modifies a human embryo. That effort, supported by the Susan B. Anthony List, came in the form of a policy rider attached to the year-end spending package. That ban does not apply to privately funded researchers, however.
The debate so far has engendered surprisingly little partisanship, says Rep. Bill Foster (D-Ill.), a physicist by training, who gave a speech in December kicking off the National Academies of Sciences' International Summit on Human Gene Editing.
“It is very rare that prominent members of the scientific community come together to warn our leaders of technologic breakthroughs that our legal system and our society may not be prepared for,” Foster said.
The summit concluded with a consensus statement that laboratory research should proceed but gene editing in humans should be limited to changes to adults that would not impact their future children.
Foster cautioned lawmakers against overreacting by banning or placing an overly restrictive moratorium on gene editing.
“We have to be careful in defining things here so that you don't eliminate potential life-improving cures,” he said.
Foster told POLITICO he has heard from scientists who are concerned “this issue will get all tied up over the abortion debate,” interfering with the creation of “good policy decisions.”
Improving on nature
Some scientists cheer the use of the technology, welcoming the chance to prevent devastating diseases in the womb and perhaps even to improve the human race.
“Gene editing of human embryos to eliminate disease should be considered to be ethically the same as using laser surgery to correct eye defects, or a surgeon operating on a baby to repair a congenital heart defect,” molecular geneticist Johnjoe McFadden wrote in The Guardian, supporting Britain's approval. “DNA is just another bit of our body that might go wrong.”
The moral imperative of civilization is “to do our best” when pursuing scientific investigation, including the technology of gene editing, said John Harris, a bioethics professor at the University of Manchester.
“We should improve on human nature “if we can, when we can, by ways that are safe enough,” he said.
But given the state of research, much of the scientific establishment opposes gene manipulation in a human embryo. Currently, the risks are much greater than the potential benefits, said NIH's policy chief, Kathy Hudson.
While the technology is “very precise, it also makes errors and those errors can be catastrophic,” she said. “A small percentage of catastrophic errors in humans doesn't really pass the test.”
Many biotechnology companies, including CRISPR Therapeutics, and pharma giants like Novartis, have made it clear they are not pursuing gene editing of human embryos at this time.
But the recent policy rider passed by Congress wouldn't prohibit most embryo gene editing in laboratory settings. At least $1 billion in private funds have gone into CRISPR companies already "so there are loads of private money that could fund research attempts in human embryos even if the FDA and NIH don't like it" said Paul Knoepfler, a professor at University of California Davis's Genome Center.
That's one reason it's important that the public and politicians to be involved in the debate, said Patti Zettler, a law professor at Georgia State University and former associate chief counsel at the FDA.
Anti-abortion groups say they are willing to work with any and all groups to achieve a ban -- including those who support abortion rights.
“Very often, you find when you work alongside somebody on a particular issue, you get to know more about them and their motivations and it helps tear downs the walls that might have built up,” said Prentice of Susan B. Anthony List.
To date, no one in the abortion rights movement has taken him up on that offer.
From Team Fortress Wiki
“
— The Engineer welcoming the Spy You're a looooooong way from France, boy. ”
The Southern Hospitality is a community-created melee weapon for the Engineer. It is a modified pipe wrench with a spiked knuckle guard and a sharp metal spike on the top.
Striking an opponent with this weapon causes them to bleed for five seconds. As a downside, this weapon does not deliver random critical hits, and players wielding it have a 20% increase in fire vulnerability.
Switching from this weapon to the Gunslinger will destroy the sentry the player has built. Similarly, switching to this weapon from the Gunslinger will cause the Gunslinger's Combat Mini-Sentry Gun to be destroyed.
Damage and function times
Damage and function times Damage type Melee Ranged or Melee damage? Melee Damage Base damage 100% 65 Critical 195 Mini-crit 88 Bleeding 8 / s
40 total Bleeding (mini-crit) 10 / s
50 total Damage repaired per hit 105 Upgrade amounts per hit 25 Metal cost per repairing hit 1 + damage / 3 Metal cost for reloading ammo 1 / bullet
2 / rocket salvo Function times Attack interval 0.8 s Bleeding duration 5 s Values are approximate and determined by community testing.
Demonstration
Crafting
Blueprint
As a crafting ingredient
Strange variant
Related achievements
Built to Last
Help a single building tank over 2000 damage without being destroyed.
Circle the Wagons
Repair 50,000 damage to friendly buildings constructed by other players.
Fistful of Sappers
Destroy 25 sappers on buildings built by other team members.
Get Along!
Manage to get to, and then remove, a sapper placed on your building while you were several meters away.
Doc, Stock, and Barrel
Repair a sentry gun under fire while being healed by a Medic. Land Grab
Help a teammate construct a building.
Quick Draw
Kill a Spy and two sappers within 10 seconds.
Silent Pardner
Upgrade 50 buildings built by other team members.
The Wrench Connection
Kill a disguised spy with your Wrench.
Rio Grind
Perform 50 repairs and/or reloads on a Sentry gun being Wrangled by another Engineer.
Trivia
The Southern Hospitality, as with the Frontier Justice, the Wrangler and the Gunslinger, appears to have been designed by Radigan Conagher, the Engineer's grandfather. This is shown by a hidden link in the Engineer Update.
The name "Southern Hospitality" is derived from the same phrase describing the warm and welcoming American South.
With the Mann-Conomy Update and by extension the release of the Mann Co. Store, the creator of the Southern Hospitality emailed Valve co-founder and managing director Gabe Newell to thank him for his item's inclusion. Newell responded to this by purchasing 10,000 Southern Hospitalities from the Mann Co. Store.
Unlike other Engineer melee weapons, the Strange variant of the Southern Hospitality ranks up based on melee kills, not Sentry Gun kills.
Gallery
First-person view.
Radigan Conagher holding the Southern Hospitality.
The Southern Hospitality as it appeared on the Engineer Update page.
Story highlights Friends identify the pilot as a well known cosmetic surgeon in the area
The plane has sunk, no pilot found, the Coast Guard says
The Air Force noticed the plane flying erratically Thursday morning
Interceptor pilots reported the plane's windows were fogged over
A small plane with an unresponsive pilot sank in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday after circling above the ocean for more than two hours, then crashing, the U.S. Coast Guard reported.
The twin-engine Cessna 421 remained afloat with its tail sticking out of the water for some time before it sank Thursday afternoon, said Petty Officer Elizabeth Bordelon, a Coast Guard spokeswoman. No remains have been found, and the Coast Guard still considered its operation an active search and rescue. There was no sign of the pilot, Bordelon said.
The plane went down about about 120 miles west of Tampa, Florida, at 12:08 p.m. after circling the eastern Gulf for more than two hours, said Chief Petty Officer John Edwards, a Coast Guard spokesman. The crew of a Coast Guard search-and-rescue plane watched as the Cessna made what appeared to be a soft landing, Edwards said.
A Coast Guard plane from the Tampa area and the cutter Coho were still taking part in the search Thursday evening, and the Coho was expected to remain at the scene overnight, Bordelon said.
The plane took off from Slidell, Louisiana, en route to Sarasota, Florida, with a single pilot on board. It had been circling at an altitude of about 28,000 feet, a Federal Aviation Administration source told CNN. The Air Force began monitoring the plane after noticing it flying erratically over the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday morning, and planes sent up to investigate it reported the Cessna's windows were either iced or fogged over, Edwards said.
Pilots at the Slidell Municipal Airport said the victim was Dr. Peter Hertzak, a cosmetic surgeon who was well known in the area.
"I've lost a dear friend, just a great guy," pilot Bill Huete told CNN affiliate WWL-TV. "Super doctor and just a regular guy that would do anything for anybody."
Hertzak was the head of the Hertzak Laser Center, which specializes in liposuction and cosmetic surgery. He had more than 30 years of experience, according to the center's website.
The Coast Guard plane and two F-15s from the North American Aerospace Defense Command were still watching the Cessna before it went down, the Air Force and Coast Guard reported.
The Coast Guard said an investigation was under way. But aviation expert Miles O'Brien told CNN the circumstances point toward a possible loss of cabin pressure in the eight-seat, propeller-driven aircraft.
"At 28,000 feet, you don't have an awful lot of useful consciousness without the support of oxygen or being in a pressurized aircraft," said O'Brien, a former CNN correspondent. If a lone pilot is incapacitated at that altitude, "there aren't a lot of options for resuscitating him and getting him back flying."
Fellow pilot Patrick Quigley told WWL that Hertzak maintained his plane meticulously and spared no expense to keep it in "tip-top shape."
Quigley said Hertzak was an accomplished pilot and that the flight should have been routine, "but when something goes wrong, obviously you have nowhere to go when you're out over the ocean."
In 1999, a private jet carrying golfer Payne Stewart and five others crashed after apparently losing cabin pressure "for undetermined reasons" after takeoff from Florida, the National Transportation Safety Board found.
Fighter pilots were sent up to intercept Stewart's plane after controllers lost contact with it, and they reported its cockpit and cabin windows were frosted over.
The plane flew more than halfway across the United States, apparently on autopilot, until it crashed in a South Dakota field.
We're sorry.
Dear Steamposium Fans,
It is with the utmost regret that we must inform you that Steamposium 2018 has been cancelled. For all of us working on Steamposium, this was an incredibly difficult decision as we know many of you have spent time and money to attend Steamposium. We have done everything in our power to help bring this event to fruition,but unfortunately, with the low ticket purchases we are unable to make this event financially feasible. Over the last few years, Steamposium has been an absolute highlight to our year, and with growing attendee numbers over we had hoped for a late surge in ticket sales to help get us close to our financial needs to keep the event running. Unfortunately, this was not the case.
We are working through the financial situation now. Almost all funds had already been paid out to suppliers, and it is extremely unlikely that we will receive anything back.
It has been a long 5 years, and this passion project has brought us many learnings. We believe that the show can be amazing, and we are looking to the future in what we can do next year.
Again, we wholeheartedly apologize to everyone who was excited to be a part of this year's event – our vendors, our performers,our staff, and most importantly, our passionate attendees. With a little help from all of you, we hope to arise from these ashes and put together an even better show.
Regards,
Steamposium Staff
For those of you intrested in what the show *was*, we've maintained the site here.
Australia has halted air operations over Syria after Russia said it would target US-led coalition planes in retaliation for a Navy fighter jet shooting down a Syrian warplane.
“As a precautionary measure, Australian Defence Force (ADF) strike operations into Syria have temporarily ceased,” Australia's defense department, part of the global coalition fighting the Islamic State in Syria, said in a statement Tuesday.
see also Russia threatens to retaliate after US downs Syrian fighter jet Russia denounced the downing of a Syrian Air Force warplane...
see also US shoots down Syrian Air Force fighter A Navy fighter jet shot down a Syrian Air Force...
“ADF force protection is regularly reviewed in response to a range of potential threats. ADF personnel are closely monitoring the air situation in Syria and a decision on the resumption of ADF air operations in Syria will be made in due course. ADF operations in Iraq will continue as part of the coalition.”
The increased tensions in the war-torn country come after an F-18 Super Hornet downed a Syrian SU-22 warplane that had been dropping bombs on members of a Syrian militia group allied with the US in its fight against ISIS militants near Tabqa.
The US Central Command said it acted in “collective self-defense.”
It was the first time the US military downed a Syrian warplane in the six years of civil war in the country.
But Russia, which has been propping up the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, denounced the downing of the Syrian plane as “military aggression” from the US and a violation of international law.
“Any aircraft, including the international coalition's planes and drones, discovered west of the river Euphrates, will be accompanied by ground- and air-based anti-aircraft defenses as aerial targets,” Russia's defense ministry said in a statement Monday.
Moscow also suspended a channel of communication as part of a 2015 agreement to reduce the risk of air crashes in the country's crowded airspace.
Australia, which has six fighter jets and other support aircraft on a base in the United Arab Emirates, joined the coalition at the US' request in 2015. It also deployed about 780 military personnel.
why are the comments locked?
permalink
[-]
anomicofficedrone
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
This woman is a feminist the same way Fred Phelps was a Christian.
permalink
[-]
Vonnegut9
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
could lose her job
? After that hastag, she SHOULD lose her job.
permalink
[-]
DISREPUTABLE
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
Part of the problem not the solution.
permalink
[-]
herrorobstercraw
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
"Could" lose her job. Lol.
permalink
[-]
applefrank
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
Well at least she apologized for using White Trash. My wife complained to my university for selling products that mocked "Rednecks." She is Black and Asian, so they looked at her with a lot of confusion. They did remove the products with little protest though. She pointed out the inconsistency with our schools policy on mocking culture.
permalink
[-]
getomit
undefined points [deleted comment restor ed by uneddit.com]
Someone stuffs a dick in her mouth so she stops saying stupid shit and digging herself deeper and deeper into the hole.
permalink
[-]
BestUndecided
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
She needs to be removed from her position pronto. I'm glad the student body she claims to be representing are fed up with her shit
permalink
[-]
madcuntmcgee
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
Oh, that tweet about how Hitler was right? Yeah dw about that its kind of this in-joke that us white supremacists have. We're just expressing ourselves, no biggie.
permalink
[-]
harlesslee
undefined points [deleted comment restored by uneddit.com]
Bringing your canine friend along on your trip makes traveling a lot more fun. But it takes a little more effort than just booking the airfare and setting off on your trip. Safeguard your trip by securing all the necessary documentation for your dog, including a pet passport. Call the airline ahead of time to discuss travel plans, because some airlines allow pets to fly in the main cabin.
Pet Travel Schemes (PETS)
Originally developed in the United Kingdom, Pet Travel Schemes (PETS) is a pet passport program used by a group of participating countries, including the United States and nations in the European Union. American dog owners looking to travel abroad must first take the dog to a veterinarian certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The vet will provide the owner with the pet passport, composed primarily of all the necessary forms and devices needed for travel.
Vaccinations
To secure the pet passport, the dog must receive a rabies shot and/or a certificate denoting an up-to-date rabies vaccination. The vet will also fit the animal with an electronic microchip or tattoo that properly identifies the dog. Some countries also request proof of treatment for ticks and tapeworm. If owners follow the requirements of PETS, dogs can skip the quarantine period implemented at the airport during entry or re-entry to a country. The PETS policy and requirements typically apply to cats as well.
Restrictions
Regardless of vaccinations, pets cannot travel if younger than 4 months old. Although the rules vary among countries, some nations do not permit dogs to enter if vaccinated for rabies fewer than 21 days before. Some countries also stipulate that dogs must be treated for tapeworm between 24 and 120 hours before travel.
State Regulations
Whether you're traveling domestically or internationally, rules of entry and exit for dogs vary by state. For instance, in addition to proof of rabies vaccinations, some states require that owners provide a certificate of good health issued by a vet, as well as valid registration tags, before entering. To fly out of some states, owners must fill out the United States Interstate and International Certificate of Health Examination for Small Animals, or the APHIS Form 7001.
About the Author A travel writer since 2002, Leah Rendon has written countless articles for online pop-culture magazines and various travel-related websites, including Eurobooking and World66. Gosford also has experience in copywriting, having developed a series of articles related to network marketing. She graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles with a degree in theater arts.
Photo Credits Jupiterimages/Photos.com/Getty Images
TRENTON -- A Trenton man is facing charges he stabbed his neighbor Friday night.
Donald Brockington, 29, was charged with aggravated assault with a knife, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose and unlawful possession of a weapon.
Officers responded to the 1100 block of Stuyvesant Avenue at around 10:41 p.m. on a report of stabbing, Lt. Stephen Varn said. The 44-year-old man told police he was stabbed by Brockington, Varn said.
He was taken to Capital Health Regional Medical Center and underwent emergency surgery for stab wounds to his upper chest and left side, Varn said.
Brockington and the victim are neighbors in an apartment building, but Varn said the motive remains under investigation. Police recovered a pocket knife and took Brockington into custody when he returned home, Varn said.
Cristina Rojas may be reached at crojas@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @CristinaRojasTT. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Image caption The hearing was temporarily suspended after an attempt to throw foam over Mr Murdoch
It's not every day the most powerful media mogul the world has ever seen - and his son - are hauled before a committee of mere backbench MPs.
But predictions that this would be the modern day equivalent of the stocks - with those judged to have transgressed public morals being pelted with fruit, or at least with abuse - seemed far fetched as James Murdoch, very smoothly, and Rupert Murdoch, at times monosyllabically - adopted the strong defensive shield of ignorance and regret.
Murdoch Sr had got off to a shaky start. We knew he was 80, but he seemed more frail - and certainly more human - than the figure of legend.
Not so much a titan before whom all must tremble, as an elderly man on a day trip to the coast, mistakenly arrested for shoplifting.
There were long pauses. He could not recall the details.
He still had an old newspaper man's knack for grabbing headlines, dramatically interrupting son James to deliver a heartfelt declaration that he had been "humbled" by the phone hacking scandal.
But under questioning from Labour MP Tom Watson - a softly-spoken Brummie - his grasp of the facts about what had gone on at the News of the World was not all it might have been.
Flashes of steel
In an organisation of 53,000 people - and with the now-defunct News of the World accounting for 1% of revenues - Murdoch and son were simply too far removed from some of the alleged dodgier practices of some of their employees, he explained.
The rest of the committee did not quite scale the forensic heights of the West Bromwich MP.
And Rupert Murdoch soon got into his stride, looking at times as if he was almost enjoying himself - although there were also flashes of the steel that has made him such a formidable figure, as he banged the table to emphasise a point.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rupert Murdoch, his son James and Rebekah Brooks each denied knowledge of the alleged abuses at the NoW
The MPs, meanwhile, got to grips with tricky problem of how to address a father and son team.
Alan Keen went for "Mr Rupert" - striking a feudal note that can hardly have been the Labour MP's intention.
Philip Davies decided he was going to be on first name terms with the Murdochs - like David Cameron or Gordon Brown at one of Mr Murdoch's now-infamous parties.
His Tory colleague Damian Collins split the difference, addressing his questions to "Rupert Murdoch".
Mrs Murdoch
But just as those viewing proceedings from the public benches were getting restless and a little bored, they were treated to an act of theatre, if not farce, as Rupert Murdoch was accosted with the modern-day equivalent of a custard pie.
A plate of shaving foam-was pushed in his general direction by a disgruntled protestor.
The mogul's wife Wendi - sat behind him throughout and occasionally chipping in with advice and moral support - gave as good as Rupert got, stretching out to grab the "weapon" and then set about the protester.
It was a massive distraction and led to the public benches being cleared, much to chagrin of some who had travelled from as far away as Vancouver to witness it. A Commons investigation into the incident is being launched. This one might even get somewhere.
But while the Murdochs had been billed as the main event, there were some distractions of potentially much greater substance.
The Murdochs' evidence did not take the scandal close to the door of Number 10 - indeed, Rupert said he had "gone in the back way" at Downing Street to meet David Cameron after last year's election.
It had been Downing Street's idea though, not his, he said.
He had seen a lot more of Gordon Brown - their children played together and their two wives got on famously.
But at an earlier session of the home affairs committee, Assistant Commissioner John Yates said, almost en passant, that Mr Cameron's chief of staff Ed Llewellyn had rejected an offer of a briefing on phone hacking allegations published by the New York Times in September 2010.
Even as the Murdochs were being cross-examined, the exchange of emails between Mr Yates and Ed Llewellyn were released by Downing Street.
Phone hacking is not referred to directly - an omission Labour claims has more to do with Andy Coulson's presence in Downing Street at the time than any desire to respect the operational decisions of the police.
Not, perhaps, a smoking gun for David Cameron - but potentially more ammunition for the Opposition than the Murdochs' select committee double act provided.
The same might also be said of the home affairs committee's somewhat overlooked second session.
While we were all transfixed by a man with a shaving foam custard pie, Keith Vaz and his panel were examining former Director of Public Prosecutions Lord Macdonald.
As an "arms length" legal adviser to News International, he had reviewed material which the company has since handed to investigating officers.
It had, he told the committee, contained evidence of serious criminal offences.
So while the Murdochs took centre stage today, perhaps more attention should have been paid to the noises off.
After the massive success of our Gamer Search last year, where we found Samayan "BlinG" Kay, we have decided that it is time to look for another Starcraft 2 player to join Team Dignitas. Working in conjunction with Intel and Alienware, we will be hosting the Gamer Search 2012 at Insomnia 47, where one player will be offered a spot on our Starcraft 2 team and an Alienware Laptop.
The Gamer Search will take place in the following format:
A 16 player, single elimination tournament will be held on Sunday December 2nd 2012. The winner of this tournament will be awarded a cash prize. Entrance in the 16 player bracket will come from one of two ways.
Eight players will be given invite spots to the 16 player bracket, determined by the members of Team Dignitas from the players eligible for entry to the Gamer Search at Insomnia 47. The remaining eight places will then be awarded to players who reach the finals of four qualifiers to take place on Friday 30th November and Saturday 1st December. Times of these qualifiers are to be determined.
The overall winner of the Gamer Search, and the player that will be awarded a place on our Starcraft 2 team as well as an Alienware laptop, will be determined by the members of Team Dignitas. Performances of all sixteen players will be observed across the weekend during both the Gamer Search and the Eset UK Masters tournament in order to decide the player that would fit best in our Starcraft 2 squad.
To be eligible for entry in to the Gamer Search, you must not be a contracted player for another team. In the case a contracted player wishing to play who is nearing the end of their current contract, it will be discussed and eligibility to the Gamer Search will be decided on a case by case basis. The Alienware laptop will be presented to the winner of the Gamer Search 2012 upon the signing of their contract with Team Dignitas.
All Gamer Search games must be played at the Alienware booth at i47 and replays must be saved and available to the Gamer Search admins. The decision of the winner of the Gamer Search 2012 will be final and does not have to reflect the winner of the 16 player tournament.
For more information on the Gamer Search 2012, email [email protected]
About
The Eclipsed Sounds startup will be a new pathway for fans to purchase English VOCALOID character merchandise, and will develop into a physical store with space for synth music lessons, concerts and collaboration. Eclipsed Sounds will begin as an online retailer utilizing Kickstarters to build a fanbase, before growing into a larger online retailer to provide design-of-the-month offerings as limited run products. After moving out of the “pre-order” phase, the company will offer in person sales at large Anime and Music Conventions and online sales of fan-art. We are collaborating with artists who do not routinely sell their products online to provide greater access to their amazing work.
The vision we have is to spread the love of western vocal synthesis among fans of the eastern voicebanks in a similar way the Japanese companies have marketed their products, by providing merchandise featuring well-loved characters, such as Dex, Daina and Ruby. This will grow the use of Engloids as more people are introduced to the endless possibilities in vocal synth music. Both Zero-G and Power FX have given written permission for us to provide new merchandise to you.
Eclipsed Sounds is physically located in the Washington, D.C. area, so our next phase will be visiting conventions and events up and down the East Coast. We also have big plans to host special events in less expensive venues to teach and collaborate on music projects. Synth music production is used professionally, but we hope to build the community of producers and artists of all levels, and explore together the capabilities of computer generated sounds.
We need your support and ideas to make this happen! Thank you!!
These figures represent the minimum goal of $2,500.
The founder of Eclipsed Sounds is Karnia*Joy (also known as KK-Khan), a VOCALOID and UTAU producer. Since early April of 2016, he has been working with other vocal synthesis music producers in planning the resources needed for the startup and long-range growth of Eclipsed Sounds.
Karnia*Joy started using VOCALOID software for the first time in 2013, is active in the online community and enjoys spreading knowledge of vocal synthesis. He and his family were also backers of the VOCAMERICA Kickstarter and greatly enjoyed the concert from the second row at NekoCon in Hampton, Virginia. We can't wait to participate in VOCAMERICA's future concerts!
(CNN) Nine deaths have been reported to the US Food and Drug Administration stemming from a rare cancer that is associated with breast implants.
The extremely rare cancer, called anaplastic large cell lymphoma, affects cells in the immune system and can be found around the breast implant. It can be found in the skin or lymph nodes and is not a type of breast cancer.
"All of the information to date suggests that women with breast implants have a very low but increased risk of developing ALCL compared to women who do not have breast implants," the FDA reported.
On Tuesday, the FDA issued an update on its understanding of breast implant-associated ALCL cases.
The agency has received 359 reports of possible breast implant-associated cancer cases as of February 1. But the exact number of cases "remains difficult to determine due to significant limitations in world-wide reporting and lack of global implant sales data," it said.
What science shows in the past six years
In 2011, the FDA first raised the possibility of a small but significant risk of developing the cancer after getting breast implants. It asked doctors whether they noticed changes in their patients and for women to check for symptoms such as fluid buildup, hardening or a mass around their implants. Symptoms of the cancer also include swelling and redness around the breast implants.
Since that report six years ago, the scientific community has learned more about the link between breast implants and ALCL.
Most of the cancer cases occurred in people who had textured surfaces on their implants, rather than smooth surfaces. Of the 231 reports to the FDA that contained information about the implant, 203 had textured surfaces.
Most cases of ALCL have been described as a slow-growing and treatable when it's detected early.
About 10 million to 11 million women in the world have breast implants, according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the Plastic Surgeon Foundation. Fewer than 10 patients are diagnosed each year with breast implant-associated ALCL, and one study estimated an incidence of 1 in 300,000, according to the two groups.
What to do if you have breast implants
Breast implants remain incredibly popular. It's the top cosmetic surgery performed in the US, with 290,467 procedures in 2016, according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
People who are considering getting the surgery should do their research and discuss with their surgeons about the risks and benefits of textured- and smooth-surfaced implants, the FDA advised.
People who have breast implants should monitor their implants for any changes and get routine screenings such as mammograms or MRIs as recommended by their doctors, the agency suggested.
Elasticsearch is a scalable open source search engine and database that has been gaining popularity among developers building cloud-based systems. When suitably configured, it is capable of ingesting and efficiently querying large volumes of data very rapidly.
It's reasonably straightforward to build and deploy an Elasticsearch cluster to Azure. You can create a set of Windows or Linux VMs, then download the appropriate Elasticsearch packages to install it on each VM. Alternatively, we published an ARM template you can use with the Azure portal to automate much of the process.
Elasticsearch is highly configurable, but we've witnessed many systems where a poor selection of options has led to slow performance. One reason for this is that there are many factors you need to take into account in order to achieve the best throughput and most responsive system, including:
The cluster topology (client nodes, master nodes and data nodes)
The structure of each index (the number of shards and replicas to specify)
The virtual hardware (disk capacity and speed, amount of memory, number of CPUs)
The allocation of resources on each cluster (disk layout, Java Virtual Machine memory usage, Elasticsearch queues and threads, I/O buffers)
You cannot consider these items in isolation, because the nature of workloads you are running will also have great bearing on the performance of the system. An installation optimized for data ingestion might not be well-tuned for queries, and vice versa. Therefore, you need to balance the requirements of the different operations your system needs to support. For these reasons, we spent considerable time working through a series of configurations, performing numerous tests and analyzing the results.
The purpose was to illustrate how you can design and build an Elasticsearch cluster to meet your own requirements, and to show how you can test and tune performance. This guidance is now available in Azure documentation. We provided a series of documents covering:
General guidance on Elasticsearch, describing the configuration options available and how you can apply them to a cluster running on Azure
Specific guidance on deploying, configuring, and testing an Elasticsearch cluster that must support a high level of data ingestion operations
Guidance and considerations for Elasticsearch systems that must support mixed workloads and/or query-intensive systems
We used Apache JMeter to conduct performance tests and incorporated JUnit tests written using Java. Then we captured the performance data as a set of CSV files and used Excel to graph and analyze the results. We also used Elasticsearch Marvel to monitor systems while the tests were running.
If you'd like to repeat these tasks on your own setup, the documentation provides instructions on how to create your own JMeter test environment and gather performance information from Elasticsearch, in addition to providing scripts to run our JMeter tests.
1. Autumn is the season of new toys
2. MacBook Air keeps getting better!
3. Update times getting slightly shorter
4. Cheaper products usually get renewed slower
As an Apple computer fan I've been a long time reader of Mac Rumors , a website that reports great Mac news and rumors. One great feature is their Buyer's Guide, which tracks the refresh history data (and rumors) to suggest when products are due for an upgrade.I've been wondering if a) Apple products are actually getting cheaper over time, and b) if Apple is refreshing products faster?Here's the base cost versus the days since last refresh for a bunch of current Apple products on Mac RumorsSome products change in price quite a bit, most don't. The refresh timescales also move around quite a bit.This of course makes sense: computers and tech are big items for Back-To-School sales.I've long held that the 13" MacBook Air is by far the best laptop Apple makes, and it's one of the only products that show a continuous decay in price. The Air has steadily transformed from a niche high-end portable tostandard entry-level laptop!This isn't a highly significant result, but it's interesting that release timescales in the last 2-3 years have started to converge to a slightly lower span.... except for the Mac Pro, which is the most neglected Apple product usually. This result was very counterintuitive to me, I figured there would be more volatility in the lower-price products and thus shorter refresh timescales. This "trend" is driven by the rapid refresh times of the Air and Retina laptops.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Three members of a Russian female punk band went on trial on Monday, facing up to seven years in jail for protesting against Vladimir Putin inside a Moscow cathedral, a prosecution they said was aimed at spreading fear and silencing dissent.
The trial of the women from the band “Pussy Riot” is being seen as a test of the longtime leader's tolerance of opposition at the start of his third presidential term.
The trio were charged with “hooliganism motivated by religious hatred or hostility” for a performance in February when they entered the Christ the Saviour Cathedral, ascended the altar and called on the Virgin Mary to “throw Putin out!”
Conservative writers and church leaders have demanded harsh punishment, while civil rights groups say a long prison sentence would be out of proportion with the crime, and prove that Putin is determined to crush opposing voices.
Maria Alyokhina, 24, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, 22, and Yekaterina Samutsevich, 29, were brought to Moscow's Khamovniki court for Russia's highest-profile trial since another opponent of Putin, former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, was convicted of embezzlement in 2010 in the same courtroom.
Supporters chanted “Girls, we're with you!” and “Victory!” as the women, each handcuffed by the wrist to a female officer, were escorted from a police van into the courthouse.
The group's members have consistently maintained that their protest was political and that they meant no harm to Christians.
“We did not want to offend anybody,” Tolokonnikova said from the same metal and clear-plastic courtroom cage where Khodorkovsky sat with his business partner during their trial.
“Our motives were exclusively political.”
In opening statements read out by their lawyers, the women defended their actions and denounced the prosecution. The case marked “the start of a campaign of authoritarian, repressive measures aimed to ... spread fear among politically active citizens,” Samutsevich said in her statement.
Pussy Riot burst onto the scene this winter with angry lyrics and surprise performances, including one on Red Square outside the Kremlin, that went viral on the Internet.
The band members see themselves as the avant-garde of a disenchanted generation looking for creative ways to show dissatisfaction with Putin's 12-year dominance of politics.
The performance in the cathedral was designed to highlight the close relationship between the dominant Russian Orthodox Church and former KGB officer Putin, then prime minister, whose campaign to return to the presidency in a March election was backed by the leader of the church, Patriarch Kirill.
The church, which has enjoyed a big revival since the demise of the Communist Soviet Union in 1991 and is seeking more influence on secular life, has described the performance as part of a sinister campaign by “anti-Russian forces”.
The prosecution dismissed accusations of political motives.
“This is not a question of our parliamentary or presidential elections, but a criminal case about ... banal hooliganism with a religious motive,” said Larisa Pavlova, who represents Lyubov Sokologorskaya, one of several people who work at the cathedral and are appearing at the trial as “victims” of Pussy Riot.
Sokologorskaya, who described herself as a “profound believer”, said only clerics were allowed at the altar and that the defendants' bare shoulders, short skirts and “aggressive” dance moves violated church rules and offended the faithful.
“When I talk about this event, my heart hurts. It hurts that this is possible in our country,” she said. “Their punishment must be adequate so that never again is such a thing repeated.”
A supporter of female punk band "Pussy Riot" waits outside the court where three members of the band are on trial in Moscow July 30, 2012. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev dismissed criticism of the case. The trial was a “serious ordeal” for the defendants and their families but “one should be calm about it” and await the outcome, he told Britain's Times newspaper in an interview posted on the Russian government's website.
Whether the group's performance crossed the line from a “moral misdemeanor” to a crime was “up to the court to decide,” Medvedev, in London for the Olympics, said.
A defense lawyer for the musicians, Nikolai Polozov, said Medvedev's comments were aimed at putting pressure on the court to “punish blasphemers”: “The court is being very one-sided, slanted towards the prosecution, which of course in our view is motivated exclusively by political bias in this case.”
ANGER OVER CLOSE CHURCH-STATE TIES
The women looked thinner and paler than they did when they were jailed following the performance in late February, shortly before Putin, in power as president from 2000-2008 and then as prime minister, won a six-year presidential term on March 4.
“She looks like she has been on a long hunger strike,” Stanislav Samutsevich said of his daughter. “I think this is like an inquisition, like mockery.”
A reporter on state-run TV presented a different picture, focusing on occasional smiles and chuckles, by the women, who whispered to each other as a prosecutor read the charges.
“Look at their faces; they are laughing and joking,” the reporter said on the news, adding that a viewer might think they were “continuing the action” they carried out at the cathedral.
In their opening statements the women said they were protesting against Kirill's political support for Putin and had no animosity towards the church or the faithful.
“I have never had such feelings towards anyone in the world,” Tolokonnikova said in her statement, describing the charge of religious hatred as “wildly harsh”.
“Our performance contained no aggression towards the public - only a desperate desire to change the situation in Russia for the better,” she said. “We are not enemies of Christianity. The opinion of Orthodox believers is important to us and we want all of them to be on our side - on the side of anti-authoritarian civil activists.”
Alyokhina's statement said: “I thought the church loved all its children, but it seems the church loves only those children who love Putin.”
Prosecutors asked for the trial, which was streamed live on the Internet, to be closed to the public and the media. The judge rejected the motion but ordered live streaming shut off during witness testimony and some other proceedings.
PROTEST MOVEMENT
Amnesty International said the Pussy Riot performers “must be released immediately” and that the prison terms they face if convicted are “wildly out of all proportion.”
“They dared to attack the two pillars of the modern Russian establishment - the Kremlin and the Orthodox Church,” regional program director John Dalhuisen said in a statement.
The performance was part of a lively protest movement that at its peak saw 100,000 people turn out for rallies in Moscow, some of the largest in Russia since the Soviet Union's demise.
The trial comes as Putin, who is 59 and has not ruled out seeking another term in 2018, tries to rein in opponents who hope to reignite the street protest movement this autumn.
Slideshow (28 Images)
On Monday, Putin signed a law enacting stricter punishment for defamation. That follows recent laws tightening controls on foreign-funded civil rights groups and sharply raising fines for violations of public order at street rallies.
Opposition leaders including anti-corruption blogger Alexei Navalny and socialite Ksenia Sobchak have had their homes searched and faced repeated rounds of questioning over violence at a protest on the eve of Putin's inauguration on May 7.
Lawyers for Navalny say investigators are preparing to charge him, in a separate case, with a crime punishable by up to five years in prison. He was summoned to the federal Investigative Committee on Monday and told to return on Tuesday.
A recent study reveals that dogs are much likely to steal food in the dark when humans cannot notice them, indicating they understand a human's perspective.
The study, conducted by Dr. Juliane Kaminski of the University of Portsmouth's Department of Psychology, claims that when humans forbid the dog from eating the food, he is four times more likely to steal the food that he was forbidden to eat in the dark.
This behavior in dogs reveals that they can change their actions based on what humans think and feel. They take into account what humans can see and what they cannot.
"That's incredible because it implies dogs understand the human can't see them, meaning they might understand the human perspective," Dr. Kaminski said in a press statement.
This study, funded by the Max Planck Society, is the first that describes how dogs distinguish between different levels of light when they are making strategies to steal food.
According to Dr. Kaminski, humans attribute a few qualities and emotions to other living things. It is we who think that the dogs are clever or sensitive, not the dogs themselves.
A series of experiments were conducted in different light conditions. In each test, the humans forbade the dog from eating the food. On conducting these tests, she noticed that the dog ate more food in the dark and that too quickly, as compared to when the room was lit.
The study had 42 female and 42 male domestic dogs who were 1-year-old or more. She made sure she selected those dogs that were comfortable without their owner, even if it was a dark room.
The report states that the tests were complex and involved many variables to rule out that dogs were basing their decisions on simple associative rules, for example, that dark means food.
It is not known how well dogs can see in the dark, but the study shows that they can differentiate between light and dark.
The researcher concludes saying, "The results of these tests suggest that dogs are deciding it's safer to steal the food when the room is dark because they understand something of the human's perspective."
Further studies have to be conducted in order to discover the mechanism that controls the dog's behavior. Previous studies have indicated that dogs consider human's eyes as an important signal in deciding how to behave. For those people who are attentive toward dogs, the animal responds more willingly.
The study was published in the journal Animal Cognition.
Stellar is always looking for new ways to partner with people who share our vision of an open financial network for all. We're pleased to announce our first visiting scholar, Bhagwan Chowdhry, a professor of finance at UCLA's Anderson School of Management. Professor Chowdhry is currently dedicating his sabbatical to working on Stellar in India.
As an academic, Chowdhry has what you might call a professorial interest in microfinance: he supervises graduate projects, develops models, and writes papers on the topic. Chowdhry also, however, works on the ground, running microfinance experiments geared towards broader financial inclusion. In 2009, he cofounded Financial Access at Birth (FAB), an organization that aims to provide newborn children with a $100 savings account. The account is linked to a unique ID that other organizations can use for cash transfers or dissemination of social services.
“I've been advocating financial inclusion for all people—particularly those who have no access to any formal financial services—for many years,” says Chowdhry. “Stellar's mission and philosophy is close to my heart.”
While Stellar currently has projects in Nigeria and South Africa, Chowdhry's work is our first foray into India. “The fact that Stellar is agnostic about currencies—US dollar, euros, Indian rupees, bitcoin—will allow us to tailor our applications to local needs and conditions,” he observes.
In a recent article, Chowdhry argues that digital currency is the best way to expand financial services to nearly 3 billion poor people—if we make digital currency more convenient, work well with regulators, and properly secure ourselves against fraud. His work on FAB points up the fact that “the most important element of financial inclusion is to be able to move money, nearly instantaneously and with negligible transactions costs. Stellar can deliver that. This network will have huge implications for the poor to be able to save effectively.”
Like the team here at Stellar, Chowdhry thinks a lot about how the poor suffer disproportionately from high transaction costs and remittance fees. Such costs are the result of a fragmented and antiquated financial system that is also disincentivized to build products for low-income customers. “Because Stellar provides a level playing field for large and small transactions, everyone will benefit from it—particularly the poor, who are often unable to save small amounts of money frequently without incurring high costs,” Chowdhry notes.
With Chowdhry's support, we hope, as he writes, to help “do away with most transaction costs” and enable everyone to participate in the global economy.
Community translations of this post
Chinese: 访问学者Bhagwan Chowdhry发声
Japanese: 学者Bhagwan Chowdhry訪問
An Afghan security guard has opened fire at a hospital in Kabul, killing three American doctors, in the latest attack on foreigners in Afghanistan.
Thursday's attack took place at a hospital run by the U.S.-based Christian charity CURE International. In a brief statement on Twitter, the U.S. Embassy said with "great sadness, we can confirm that three Americans were killed in the attack on CURE hospital."
The Afghan officials said a fourth American was wounded in the shooting and that two of the dead were father and son.
The assailant was reportedly shot and wounded by another security guard. Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman Sadiq Sidiqqi said the suspect is in police custody and an investigation is under way.
"This was an unfortunate incident this morning. The attacker was a police security guard there and he opens fire on foreign nationals who went there and unfortunately three of them have been killed. One is injured and the injured has been taken to the hospital. And the police has arrested the attacker as well so we will investigate to find out the motives behind this attack."
It is unclear whether the Taliban is responsible for the shooting.
CURE's website says the organization began operating the 100-bed Cure International hospital in Kabul in 2005, with 27 doctors and 64 nurses working there.
Foreign civilians in Afghanistan have been the target of a rising number of attacks this year.
Earlier this month, a police officer shot two Associated Press journalists in the eastern part of the country.
In March, a Swedish journalist was killed outside a Kabul restaurant.
Twenty one people were killed in January in a bombing at a Lebanese restaurant in Kabul's diplomatic district.
Le Pen has masterminded the Front National's rise to the mainstream (Picture: Getty Images)
The leader of France's far-right Front National is leading in a new poll on 2017's presidential candidates.
Since taking over from her father, FN founder Jean-Marie, Marine Le Pen has waged political war on established candidates and masterminded her party's rise to the mainstream, which included a stunning 20% vote in the 2012 presidential election.
And the former lawyer has beaten competition from incumbent Francois Hollande, former President Nicolas Sarkozy and other potential candidates to the top spot in the recent survey, which was published in magazine Marianne.
MORE: Far-right group Britain First starts ‘Christian Patrols' in wake of Charlie Hebdo attacks
Rising fears of fundamentalist Islam may have given a boost to the far-right party (Picture: AFP/Getty Images)
‘If the first ballot took place today, she [Le Pen] would receive between 29 and 31 percent of the vote, depending on her opponents,' it read.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nicolas Sarkozy would come second, while François Hollande – whose approval rates have been low throughout his term – would not make it through to the next round.
It is unclear what effect the Paris terror attacks had on the poll, but Le Pen and her party – who have promised for a long time to curb immigration and been critical of Islam – wasted no time in reminding the French public that they had ‘warned of the danger of Muslim fundamentalism'.
MORE: French authorities branded ‘hypocits' after boy, eight, is arrested for refusing to stay silent during a Charlie Hebdo silence
OXYGENOS
Whether you're a social media maven or prefer living life off the grid, the ability to capture moments, from the important to the mundane, is indispensable. And for most, the camera is often the one function that's constantly in use. Because of that, we wanted to modify our camera to fit what our users were asking for, in both hardware and software. Optical image stabilization? Check. Amazingly precise laser focus? Check. Better low-light performance? Yup. Long story short, it's a smartphone camera tailored to your needs.Your smartphone is the perfect tool to tell any story, and there's a lot to love about the OnePlus 2 camera. Photos taken with lots of light are the same crisp and accurately saturated photos you've come to expect with the One, and this time we've added even more features for stellar low-light performance. Light is the oxygen of any photograph -- let yours breathe!The OnePlus 2 has a 13MP camera, although, to be honest, a camera with a higher number of megapixels doesn't necessarily translate into higher quality. When you try to add more megapixels to increase resolution, they need a way to process this extra light. What you want is a larger sensor which supports these larger pixels, and the OnePlus 2's sensor is 1.3µm to be exact -- 35% larger than a standard smartphone camera, such as the 1.0µm sensors found on the iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S6. It's the sensor that allows more light in and reduces the noise you find in darker photos, also aided by f/2.0 aperture. Dual LED flash makes photos taken at night crisper and can light up subjects further away. To avoid distortion, color aberrations, and all the things you don't want your photos looking like on Instagram, our camera is composed of a top-of-the-line six-element lens.You'll also find that taking spur-of-the-moment snaps and video are sharper than ever thanks to our advanced optical image stabilization which auto-corrects those shakes that are often the culprit of blurry photography and filming. It's another feature that makes the low-light photography experience better -- by counteracting shaking, photos with less light can still be crisp and clear. We've also added a laser focus system to the OnePlus 2 camera. It scans the object of interest and quickly sharpens the perfect focus point in less than 0.3 seconds. While the laser focus is intuitive, you can always tap the screen to get what you want into focus almost instantaneously.Meanwhile, videos can be outputted in 720p, 1080p, or 4k. There are also additional software options on hand to enable slow motion and time-lapse, a particular favorite of the OnePlus office. As for the front camera, your selfies are brought to life with a 5MP distortion-free lens.But, hardware is only half the battle. With the new OxygenOS on the OnePlus 2, our native camera app has a beautifully minimal design that allows you to take photos exactly the way you want them in the simplest way possible. Select your flash mode or set the timer right next to the shutter button, or swipe to the right to pull out the camera “modes” and access the Settings menu. There, you can change the resolution (choose between 12.4MP 4:3, 7.9MP 16:9, 9.3MP 1:1) and toggle a few other nifty options, such as Grid for reference points. It's something quite a few of our photographer friends requested to take advantage of the rule of thirds and better image composition, so we added that, too.Currently, our rear camera supports three modes: Clear Image, HDR, and Beauty. Migrated from the OnePlus One, Clear Image (read more about the mechanics here [LINK]), quickly captures a series of several photos at once and then merges them with an algorithm to create that perfect, clean shot. The HDR setting (High dynamic range) takes the same photo at different exposures and combines them to increase the range of light within the image. All of these modes are displayed in real time on the OnePlus 2's screen so you know exactly how your photo is going to look.Furthermore, our camera team also has a dedicated ISP task force , so your moments are in safe hands. That Image Signal Processor is what identifies colors and controls the autofocus, white balance, and exposure, meaning it's a pretty important piece of the photography puzzle. We've put special emphasis on this in our software.The team hasn't stopped yet, though. More updates will be making their way to OxygenOS, including a whole host of manual settings and RAW capabilities. We're always tirelessly working on ways to improve the user experience with new ideas. Hit us up with any features you're dying to have!The OnePlus community is full of uber-talented photographers and videographers from all over the world. Check out these articles with tips from some OnePlus veterans: Javin Martin , and Giacomo . And don't miss our new Photography subforum -- there's a whole community of shutterbugs there rife with tips about getting your smartphone pictures looking like they were taken with a DSLR.SlashGear recently did a blind camera test pitting the OnePlus 2, Samsung Galaxy S6, LG G4, and iPhone 6 against each other. If you need any more proof, feast your eyes on these photos taken with the OnePlus 2 by some pretty talented Instagrammers:
Two weeks after a Tunisian man, Anis Amri, whose German asylum request had been rejected, rammed a truck into a Berlin Christmas market and was later shot dead by Italian police, the German state prosuector's office said on Monday that a Syrian migrant who arrived in Germany two years ago was arrested on suspicion of seeking money from the Islamic State, to drive truck bombs into crowds.
Saarbruecken prosecutor Christoph Rebmann said the 38-year-old Syrian was detained on Saturday in his apartment in Germany's Saarland State, and an arrest warrant was issued on Sunday on suspicion that he was trying to raise 180,000 euros ($189,000) to fund an attack. Rebmann said the man, whom he did not name, was suspected of seeking the money from Islamic State in Syria to buy trucks and load 400-500 kg (880-1,100 pounds) of explosives into each of them. "He is suspected of ... requesting 180,000 euros from a contact person in Syria on his cell phone from Saarbruecken in December, 2016 so that he could acquire vehicles to pack with explosives and drive them into a crowd," Rebmann said. It was not clear if the Islamic State in Syria, which has been facing a severe liquidity shortage since its oil operation was virtually eliminated by Putin, had that kind of spare change.
The truck which ploughed into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, on
December 19, 2016.
According to a separate statement by Saarland police, the Syrian suspect asked for the ISIS money to finance an “unspecified terrorist attack” in “Germany, France, Belgium and the Netherlands.”
Saarland Deputy Police Commissioner Hugo Muller said that the Syrian man planned to repaint the vehicles as police cars. "In his respective communications with contacts linked to IS, he [the suspect] offered or suggested repainting cars to make them look similar to police cars, load them with explosives, position them in a crowd of people and then detonate them," Muller said.
The Prosecutor's office announced that the suspicion of plotting a terrorist attack are based on a chat in the online messenger Telegram, which was found in the telephone of the suspect during a search of his house. “So far the investigation has found no evidence that the suspect had already prepared [booby trapped] cars to carry out the attacks,” authorities noted though. The man admitted to making contact with the Islamic State, but has denied he had any plans to stage an attack.
"He said he wanted the money from ISIS to support his family back in Syria," Rebmann told Reuters, adding that the Syrian had said he wanted to fool the jihadist group into sending him the money.
The Syrian came to Germany on Dec. 5, 2014, just before a wave of more than 1.1 million asylum-seekers arrived from the Middle East, Africa and Asia in 2015. He was given permission to stay in Germany on Jan. 12, 2015, and originates from the Syrian is from the city of Raqqa, the Islamic State's de factor capital. According to Reuters, the prosecutor's office in Saarbruecken, near the French border, had been alerted to his activities by the BKA federal crime office.
Suggesting a shift in Germany's "Open Door"approach to refugees, Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said that failed asylum seekers who are regarded as a danger should be detained until they can be deported. He made the suggestion in a guest column in Tuesday's edition of the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper.
Both he and Merkel have plenty of reasons for concern: political analysts, conservative allies and diplomats have said a major terrorist attack in the coming months could damage Merkel's hopes of winning a fourth term in September's election. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party has blamed her policies for the Dec. 19 Berlin attack as well as previous terrorist attacks on German soil.
The armed forces face a challenge in meeting recruitment targets The US Army and Marine Corps recruited significantly more people with criminal records last year than in 2006, amid pressure to meet combat needs. Statistics released by a congressional committee show 861 people were granted waivers to enlist, up from 457 in 2007. The crimes included assault, sex crimes, manslaughter and burglary. The Army says waivers are only granted after careful review and are in response to the challenges of recruiting in a changing society. The number of people granted waivers are just a small fraction of the more than 180,000 people who entered active duty in the armed forces during the fiscal year that ended in September 2007. But the perceived lowering of standards is causing concern in some quarters. We're growing the army fast, and there are some waivers... It hasn't alarmed us yet
Lt Gen James Thurman
Deputy chief of staff for operations "The significant increase in the recruitment of persons with criminal records is a result of the strain put on the military by the Iraq war," said Democratic Representative Henry Waxman. Mr Waxman chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that released the figures drawn up by the US Department of Defense. These show that: The Army granted 511 felony waivers in 2007, up from 249 the year before
Some 350 people with convictions joined the Marine Corps, up from 208 in 2006
The Navy actually recruited fewer people with convictions, down from 48 to 42
The Air Force did not recruit anyone with a felony conviction Among the convictions, many were for stealing, including burglary and car thefts, and drug offences. Waivers were also granted to three people convicted of manslaughter, nine guilty of sex crimes, and nine convicted of making terror threats, including bomb threats. In addition, the Army and Marine Corps granted 27,671 "conduct waivers" covering what are regarded as serious misdemeanours , up from 25,098 in 2006. Pentagon officials say that the need to recruit troops for continuing operations abroad, low unemployment at home, and declining interest in serving pose a challenge. "We're digging deeper into the barrel than we were before," an official told the Washington Post. The Army also argues that its ranks reflect the society they are drawn from. Only three in 10 Americans of military age meet the army's medical, moral, aptitude, or administrative requirements, army officials point out. "We're growing the army fast, and there are some waivers - we know that," said Army Lt Gen James Thurman, deputy chief of staff for operations. "It hasn't alarmed us yet."
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Before she was a reporter, CNN host Erin Burnett worked on Wall Street. Evidently she still sees things from that perspective.
On October 21, Burnett took time on her show OutFront to criticize the Justice Department's reported $13 billion settlement with JPMorgan Chase. The bank is apparently ready to settle over a variety of claims relating to mortgage securities and the 2008 economic collapse.
To Burnett, this is the government punishing success–and making the bank pay for things it didn't even do:
This is all related to mortgage-backed securities and bad mortgages. It's a hell of a lot of money, but JPMorgan can afford it, which brings me tonight's number: $26 billion. That's how much JPMorgan made last year. So, the fine will take about half what they make. If that makes you feel better, maybe it shouldn't. Just because they can afford it doesn't make it right. Going after companies, of course, should be based on wrongdoing, not on who has the money. And the truth in the case of JPMorgan's $13 billion fine is that many of the problem mortgages that they're paying for now stem from two acquisitions the bank made during the depth of the financial crisis. Five years ago, JPMorgan bought Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. These were hastily arranged deals brokered by Uncle Sam. In fact, many would say the fair word to use is “forced by Uncle Sam.” Jamie Dimon was told, if you don't buy these, which are in death spirals, you're going to jeopardize the financial system. It's a patriotic duty, got to do it. JPMorgan didn't have the luxury of time to do due diligence at the time. They didn't have the luxury of saying, no, I don't want to buy this company because we're worried (INAUDIBLE). Jaime Dimon got the banks cheap. They also had to take on those banks bad loans and now they're paying for it.
From the sound of it, you'd think the Justice Department was adopting the mentality of a bank robber: They went after JPMorgan because that's where the money is. Burnett is suggesting that the bank is being penalized for the actions of two other institutions, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual, that JPMorgan was forced to buy.
It's a helpful story if you're Jamie Dimon, but it falls apart under scrutiny. As Peter Eavis of the New York Times reported last month (9/30/13), JPMorgan had been keen on the idea of buying both companies months before they were “forced” to do so by the government. That might explain why company executives like Dimon made statements after the acquisitions that they knew what they were getting.
Eavis also pointed out that it is not at all unusual for a company to assume certain liabilities when it assumes ownership of a corporation. As he put it, “the practice of holding acquirers accountable for the missteps of purchased companies is quite common.” (If this weren't the case, it would be absurdly easy for corporations to avoid accountability for misdeeds by simply transferring ownership.)
As Yves Smith explained on CounterSpin this week (10/25/13), JPMorgan Chase bought both companies for next to nothing–and they've profited handsomely since then as a result. As many have noted, the Bear Stearns building itself is valued at more than Dimon paid for the entire company.
And as George Zornick at the Nation wrote last year (10/24/12), JPMorgan received plenty of things in the deal; the government “took $30 billion of toxic assets off of Bear Stearns's books,” for instance.
So it's hard to imagine seeing JPMorgan or its CEO as the victim here–but a CNN host who used to work as a Goldman Sachs analyst might be able to find a way.
*This article is meant to present an unbiased review of Dash (formerly darkcoin) and the facts surrounding it. I do not hold any of the coins mentioned (including Monero) in this article in any quantity.*
So you may have seen announcements recently about Monero being introduced in addition to Bitcoin on several darknet markets such as Alphabay. Monero is a currency offering anonymous transactions through ring signatures. However, if you have been following altcoins recently, you may have noticed that Dash's market cap is significantly larger than Monero as seen in the picture below.
So why is Dash not on any darknet market?
Evan Duffield's Instamine?
There has been a lot of speculation on this matter, but the simple fact is that within the first 8 hours 1.5 million coins had been mined. People were made to believe by Evan (the creator of DASH) that the launch was occurring in a couple of days, when in fact it happened hours later (to find out more click here).
This meant that Evan fraudulently or maybe accidentally (less likely) managed to mine about $140 million dollars worth of Dash (at today's price), since he was the only one who knew about the launch and therefore the only one mining the coin.
The reason that DASH gave for this was that there were problems in code, but the reason for the supposed delay of launch was to fix bugs in the code. Why would the coin be launched suddenly without warning with a serious error?
The instamine is a big problem because a key point of cryptocurrencies is being decentralised and trustworthy. An instamine means there is little reason to trust Dash and its developers with your money.
Another defence given for the instamine is that the coins mined by Duffield were redistributed through exchanges, but there is little proof for this. For example, a Dashforum member links to two users offering to sell DASH, but this proves little.
There is no proof to suggest Evan Duffield has sold any DASH at all.
But why does this matter?
Problems with anonymity
Dash's privacy depends on masternodes, which anyone can set up for a price of 1,000 DASH. They act as a sort of mixer for each transaction, meaning transactions cannot be traced in the same way as Bitcoin.
With Bitcoin, governments can use ChainAnalysis to link people's different addresses to one identity. With both Dash and Monero, this is impossible.
However, because of the premine, Duffield could have easily bought a very large number of masternodes. This is a problem because masternode owners with malicious intentions could try to deanonymise users.
If someone owns several of them, the problem further escalates, since Dash users have to trust masternodes to a certain extent.
It also has been noticed by members of the bitcointalk forum that a large number of the masternodes are run using AWS servers, meaning one entity could own many of them anonymously.
Concerns with price fluctuations
Since Evan could possibly hold a very significant number of Dash, naturally he would have a very large influence of the price.
This means that he would be able to manipulate the price to make the coin overvalued, by selling Dash to himself at higher prices.
Other people would see the price increase and would buy it themselves, hoping to make the profit. It would be in Duffield's interests to increase Dash's value, since that would make him richer.
Of course, there is no proof that he is or has done this, but it is very reasonable to suspect he may or could.
Evan Duffield, founder of DASH.
Is Dash's anonymity better/worse than Monero?
There is no easy answer to this question.
While Dash uses masternodes for anonymity, Monero uses a completely different method known as ring signatures.
Essentially, ring signatures mean your transactions are obscured by being mixed with other people's ones randomly with “inputs” and “outputs,” meaning even with a blockchain, no one can know how much Monero you sent or to whom.
Both methods have disadvantages however. With Dash, the weakness is the trust needed in masternodes. In Monero, if ring signatures have a weakness, all Monero transactions could potentially be deanonymised.
“Smooth,” a Monero team core member, wisely says that no technology can be or should be trusted completely, for example shown by Tor vulnerabilities that have been exploited by law enforcement recently (which they have then refused to reveal).
Dash's technology has no serious problems, but the controversy surrounding the instamine means that it will likely not be added to any darknet markets anytime in the future.
This article was not meant as FUD; if you still want to invest in Dash, go ahead and do so. But make sure you do your own research before you invest in any coin, including Monero of course.
Not one to mince words, or volume, Iron & Wine's Sam Beam has been a little quiet since his last record, 2013's Ghost on Ghost -- but don't think that's for lack of material. The Durham, N.C.-based bard, whose famously understated whisper sounds like the rustling pages of a forgotten folk tome, will release 16 previously unheard songs as Archive Series Volume No. 1. The companion album to Iron & Wine's 2002 debut, The Creek Drank the Cradle, contains tracks Beam started recording in the late '90s and early '00s when he was working in film production and teaching art school in Miami.
"[Archive] is for people that really connected to that first record," Beam tells Billboard, while acknowledging that it wouldn't exactly be a hardship if the album gained some new fans. "It's definitely for the heads. But why limit yourself?"
Indeed, Beam reached at least a few new ears with Iron and Wine: Dreams Are My Favorite People, a companion film that chronicles Iron & Wine's performance at Cleveland, W.V.'s Jerry Run Summer Theater, a venue a music fan built in his backyard. "The show was interesting because all the locals who watch bluegrass, they don't know me from Adam; and the kids who had traveled -- the local kids who knew who I was, traveled from Pittsburgh or Morgantown -- were equally confused as to why I was there," says Beam. Watch the trailer after streaming to the album below.
Billboard: How did you rediscover theses songs?
Sam Beam: When Sub Pop called and asked to put some stuff out, we picked out a couple and all the other ones were put out on an EP or two. These others, I wasn't hiding them, I'm usually more interested in what's coming next than what I did yesterday. Over the years some of them have gotten out of the Internet and people have showed interest. And putting out another record like that now, it seems like there's been enough time so that it sounds significantly different than what I've been doing these past few years. It feels more like a time capsule or a diary entry. The distance makes it more fun.
Do you have any anecdotes you remember from making this batch of songs?
It's a kick in the head to shake hands with yourself 15 years ago. Your memory is so caught up, is so connected to music, a lot of times you're immediately transported back to your grandma's kitchen. I got to hear the ambience of my apartment at the time, things like that.
How did you edit them? Are there more?
We mastered them to balance the levels so it felt like a cohesive thing. Since they were songs pulled from the same batch, it would make sense to make them sound the same. We're definitely planning on making [The Archive Series] a thing, but I'm not sure how consistent it'll be. There's still a lot more of these songs, but I couldn't put them all out because there's too much; it would be cruel to people. You have to be a nice host. We were talking the other day with Calexico about doing more recordings, other versions of songs we recorded with them. It presents itself as an opportunity for all these things to come out.
Why did you start your own label, Black Cricket Recording Co.?
It's just a way to keep autonomy for what kind of release it is. It makes more sense to be a homegrown thing. We're in-between labels right now and it seemed like the right time to start that kind of thing. Pretty much everything I do will be associated with Black Cricket, whether I put it out myself or license it to another record.
What other releases are coming out?
I did a record of covers with Ben Bridwell from Band of Horses. He and I grew up together, so we've been trying to find the time to do something together. I'm working on an album of duets with Jesca Hoop. And we're always working on new Iron & Wine stuff. We're probably going to start recording that end of summer, early fall. This felt like a nice little window to put out older material.
MySpace could use a few more friends of its own. The once-popular social networking site is not only likely to have a new owner by mid-year – or sooner, if News Corp. can find a buyer – but it's also about to lose more than half of its current 1,100 employees before the end of the month.
CNBC reported yesterday that News Corp. is looking to layoff 50% of the company's staff by mid-month, adding that “the company's likely to do many more layoffs than that.” The news echoed an earlier report in the Wall Street Journal, which pointed out that the site had already laid off a third of its staff last summer in an attempt to make the company more profitable.
MySpace's ad revenue fell by over 30% in 2010, with traffic falling 15% in November 2010 compared with the same period in 2009. Sources differ as to whether News Corp. is already in talks with prospective buyers, but a sale is expected by the middle of the year or sooner.
More On Techland:
News Corp.: We Don't Know What To Do With MySpace
MySpace No Longer Competing With Facebook, CEO Says
MySpace Integrates Facebook, Universe Doesn't Collapse
ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdoğan stoked a dispute with NATO ally Germany on Tuesday, warning of Western agents “roaming free” in Turkey and telling those who threaten the country with embargoes to be ready for the consequences.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses members of parliament from his ruling AK Party during a meeting at the parliament in Ankara, Turkey July 25, 2017. Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Relations between the major trading partners deteriorated after Turkey arrested 10 rights activists, including a German, three weeks ago as part of a wider security crackdown since last year's failed military coup.
A Turkish prosecutor has accused them of links to the network of Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara blames for the attempted coup in July 2016. The U.S.-based Gulen denies any involvement.
“Westerners want their agents to roam freely in our land while they hurt our people,” Erdoğan told lawmakers from his AK Party at a meeting in parliament.
“Those who say it is the judiciary's business when it comes to the terrorists they harbor in their own country turn things into diplomatic crises when we catch their agents red-handed.”
Turkey accuses Germany of sheltering Kurdish and far-leftist militants as well as people linked to the abortive coup. Berlin denies the accusations.
Germany has increased pressure on Turkey in the past few days, threatening measures that could hinder German investment there and saying it is reviewing Turkish applications for arms projects.
Ankara has sought to limit fallout from the row, dropping a request for Germany to help it investigate hundreds of German companies it said could have links to terrorism. Erdoğan said Germany companies investing in Turkey did not face difficulties.
“If you think you can scare Turkey with embargoes, you must first be ready for much bigger consequences. Are you sure you know who you are hitting?” he said.
Tensions with Germany were already running high after the arrest of a Turkish-German journalist and a pullout of German troops from a Turkish air base.
Erdoğan has repeatedly lashed out at European countries including Germany in the past, accusing them of “Nazi-like” tactics when they prevented Turkish ministers from addressing rallies of expatriate Turks in Europe called to drum up support for the April 2016 referendum vote that expanded his powers.
He drew on a fresh historical reference in his broadside on Tuesday. “Those who carried out history's most merciless, bloody, vicious massacres during the first and second world wars should not lecture us on humanity,” Erdoğan said.
Israel is preparing to lock horns with the European community over what it claims is illegal European building in the West Bank aimed at helping the Palestinians to establish territorial contiguity.
Army Radio reported Thursday that Israeli inspectors were having difficulty keeping up with the pace of prefabricated homes which, it said, are delivered flat-packed in the dead of night to be assembled early in the morning.
Over recent years, the EU has built more than 200 structures in Area C, the radio claimed, territory which, according to the Oslo Accords signed in 1993 between the Israeli and the Palestinians, falls under full Israeli civil and security control. Ten prefabs arrived in the past two weeks alone.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Israeli forces demolished 24 out of 40 targeted structures on Tuesday in and around the village of Khirbet Jenbah south of Hebron — 10 of them EU funded — after the buildings were declared to be located in a military firing zone by the body that oversees civilian Israeli activities in the territories.
The demolitions came after a protracted arbitration battle failed to produce results, the Defense Ministry stated.
The High Court ordered an emergency stop to the demolitions until at least February 9 after being petitioned by a European group.
On Thursday morning, Israeli forces demolished five tents, three barns and an outside toilet it said had been built without permits in the village of Tammun in the northeastern West Bank, the Ynet news site reported.
Danny Danon, Israel's ambassador to the UN, on Thursday accused the EU of hypocrisy.
“They can't come and on the one hand blame Israel for creating facts on the ground and yet spend hundreds of millions of dollars on a comprehensive plan for illegal construction,” he told Army Radio.
He said that while it was fine for the EU to build in Area C in coordination with Israel, “in the same breath, there's a system that… like thieves in the night, they are building illegal buildings… to create territorial contiguity for the Palestinians. They are creating facts on the ground instead of pressuring the Palestinians to return to the negotiating table.”
Army Radio said many of the trailer-type buildings arriving in the West Bank carried the names of the EU or an EU-affiliated organization and were being delivered to areas such as the Jordan Valley and the hills leading down to Jericho.
Israeli supervisors usually identified and dismantled them quickly “but the phenomenon has broadened to the extent that the supervisors' unit doesn't always manage to keep up with the pace.”
Asserting that Area C is “part of the occupied Palestinian territory and part of any viable future Palestinian state,” the EU Mission in Israel said the union had stepped in on humanitarian grounds because of Israel's failure to approve more than a handful of master plans that would allow the Palestinians to build themselves.
All EU activity in the West Bank was “fully in line with international humanitarian law” and formed part of efforts to promote economic development and improve the quality of life of Palestinian communities in Area C in the private sector, the environment and agriculture,” said the statement.
The EU worked with the Palestinian Authority “to develop Area C and support the Palestinian presence there” and consulted with the Israeli authorities “where necessary,” the statement added.
Israel has overall security and administrative responsibility in Area C, the EU Mission went on, but international law also obliges it to protect and facilitate development for the local population and to grant unimpeded access for humanitarian assistance.
Danon said Israel had “laws and norms about building anywhere in Judea and Samaria” — an alternate, Biblically inspired term for the West Bank — and that while demolitions of Jewish and Palestinian homes were “not pleasant,” they were carried out in accordance with the law.
Asked what Israel's UN ambassador had to do with the European Union, Danon said the two institutions were connected by their hypocrisy and that the EU was constantly complaining to the UN about Israeli building in the West Bank.
He slammed UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon for comments last month attributing the terror attacks in the past four months, in which over 25 Israelis have been killed, to “Palestinian frustration.”
Danon said Ban had provided a “tailwind to terror and set a standard by which there's terror in Israel that can perhaps be understood, as opposed to terror in the world for which there's no justification… It's simply hypocrisy on the part of the international community.”
The Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories said in a statement: “All building in area C in Judea and Samaria requires the permission of the relevant authorities. The Civil Administration takes enforcement measures against illegal construction in accordance with the law.”
Michael Hamrick - Tuesday, February 11, 2014
Photo: Tilapia Apple Salad. Photo courtesy of Sticky Rice Chiang Mai via Facebook.
Wicker Wire: We reported waaay back in April of last year, that Sticky Rice would be opening a 2nd location and we've been waiting for this one to open since last Summer. So we're excited to report, at long last, the 2nd location for the much beloved Sticky Rice is set to open today according to a report published by DNAInfo.
Sticky Rice Chiang Mai moved in to the space formerly Dunkin' Donuts at 1746 N. Western Avenue bringing authentic and adventurous Thai food to the neighborhood. Unlike the original spot which offers 100 items, the 2nd location will offer about half of that according to today's report. The focus is on dishes from Northern Thailand and you'll find everything from appetizers to noodle dishes, soups, salads and a number of different entrees. Entrees include many favorites from the original location like: papaya and beef salads and curries, a tilapia apple salad that features the who fish (pictured above), baby squid lime soup and more.
Today's report doesn't mention whether or not the more adventurous items on the North Center menu will also be included here....like those fried caterpillars. So we'll be sure to check in and let you know. We've been waiting for this one to open for a long time.
For additional information: Sticky Rice Chiang Mai - 1746 N. Western Avenue. Phone: 312 - 818 - 1810. Hours Monday - Thursday 11am - 10pm, Fri- Sat 11am - 11pm and Sunday 12pm - 10pm.
Sticky Rice to Open Bucktown Location
Sticky Rice Chiang Mai Brings Northern Thai to Wicker Park [DNAInfo]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption ANC stalwart: 'President Zuma should step aside'
A motion of no confidence in South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been defeated in parliament despite a spate of recent corruption scandals.
An anti-corruption probe last week raised allegations of misconduct against Mr Zuma.
Mr Zuma's African National Congress (ANC) has a huge majority in parliament and the opposition motion was defeated by 214 votes to 126.
This was his third time no confidence vote in less than a year.
Africa Live: Highlights of the debate
The Guptas and their links to South Africa's Jacob Zuma
Profile: Jacob Zuma
An investigation by the country's anti-corruption watchdog said a judicial inquiry should be set up to further investigate allegations of criminal activity in Mr Zuma's government.
The investigation found evidence that the Guptas, a business family with links to Mr Zuma, may have wielded undue political influence over the appointment of ministers.
Both Mr Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing.
Why Zuma is still in power: Pumza Fihlani, BBC News, Johannesburg
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trade Unions and civil society groups have all joined calls for President Zuma to step down
There have been a number of recent attempts by opposition parties to have Mr Zuma removed from the highest office - from protests to votes in parliament - but all have failed.
Several ANC stalwarts and members of Mr Zuma's government have called on him to resign following the release of a report by former public protector Thuli Mandosela into allegations of corrupt relations between his loyalists and the wealthy Gupta family.
But why does he continue to survive? Simply, the people who want him to go do not have the numbers to push him out of parliament.
Analysts have always said that the decision to sack Mr Zuma would need to come from the ANC itself and for that to happen, certain processes would need to be followed.
These include consensus from the ANC branches around the country and even a party congress where a new candidate would be put forward. The ANC is simply not united or even organised enough at the moment to successfully bring together all its members.
There are too many factions and none of them have the support of the masses - except one man.
So in the midst of the chaos, Mr Zuma who might be concerned about the rumblings within his party, knows he is still ahead of the pack.
"To put it plainly, we can choose Jacob Zuma, or we can choose South Africa," Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition party Democratic Alliance (DA) which tabled the motion, told parliament during a heated debate.
"Many of you have been speaking out against him in recent weeks... I know that there are men and women in these ANC benches who want to do the right thing."
ANC minister Nomvula Mokonyane said the motion had been introduced "to distract the ANC... from dealing with the challenges of poverty, unemployment and inequality".
In order for the motion to succeed, a large number of ANC MPs had to vote with the opposition - something which analysts said was always unlikely.
The ANC has been in power since 1994, after leading the fight against white minority rule.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Two previous votes of no confidence were easily blocked by the ANC
However, last month, ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu called on the entire leadership to step down.
"When I said the entire ANC leadership that has already taken collective responsibility must take the fall, I meant everybody, myself included, including President Zuma," Mr Mthembu said.
Before the vote, ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe defended Mr Zuma, noting that the report had not found anyone guilty.
Earlier this year, the Constitutional Court ruled that Mr Zuma had breached the country's constitution by refusing to repay government money spent on his private home in rural Nkandla.
This followed another report by the anti-corruption watchdog.
The DA also tabled a motion of no confidence in him then but it was defeated by 225 votes to 99.
The science world is mourning the passing of noted marine biologist Jacques Cousineau, who was eaten alive by a great white shark off the coast of South Africa after loaning his protective cage to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
Cousineau, 53, had reportedly been reluctant to conduct research in the shark-infested waters without his cage, but told friends that WWE Chairman Vince McMahon “can be very persuasive.”
More from Kayfabe News
The scientist's cage, which has protected him over two decades of shark research, has been featured on WWE programming over the past two weeks, to be used as a means to prevent Chris Jericho from interfering in a match to help his bromantic partner, Kevin Owens.
Cousineau was highly regarded in marine biology, having discovered a number of aquatic animals, including the round-bodied tenta shark, the bobby fish, and the boston crab.
WWE announced it will pay tribute to Cousineau's pioneering work in marine biology by airing a Total Divas Bikini Contest on next week's Raw.
Keep it kayfabe, brother. Get a shirt.
Trump must be aware that Puerto Ricans are citizens of the United States, even though they have always been treated as second-class citizens. After all, he was just there recently, tossing rolls of “beautiful, soft” paper towels into a crowd with that familiar smug look on his face.
Trump must know that he has made no threat to withdraw aid from Texas — which, unlike Puerto Rico, he considers part of his constituency — and that federal disaster aid and recovery efforts often take years.
He also possesses detailed, highly technical knowledge about Puerto Rico. He knows, for example, that it “is an island, surrounded by water. Big water. Ocean water.”
But the president's handling of the disaster in Puerto Rico has been shameful from the start. He heaped scorn on San Juan's mayor for appealing for help to what she assumed was his humanity. And he whined that Puerto Ricans had “thrown our budget a little out of whack,” because of course they must have planned the hurricane.
He also congratulated Puerto Ricans during his recent visit on having suffered only 16 deaths from the hurricane, unlike a “real catastrophe.”
(Shortly after Trump left, the office of Gov. Ricardo Rosselló announced that the death toll was more that twice that, which Trump and Rosselló had to know when they met. It beggars belief that 19 more bodies were discovered while Trump was climbing the stairs to his airplane.)
As usual, it's impossible to divine Trump's precise motivations.
Maybe he was trying to distract attention from all the other ways he is harming American citizens by gutting Obamacare, advocating a huge tax break for rich folks like him, threatening nuclear war, trying to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement, shredding environmental protections and, well, it's too long a list for this column.
Maybe he heard something on a politically friendly TV show and decided to regurgitate it on Twitter.
Led Zeppelin Concert Review: First Ever US Show – Denver (December 26th, 1968)
The following I have transcribed as-is from the review in Rocky Mountain News:
From Rocky Mountain News music critic Thomas MacCluskey
The tale gets more fascinating. As the story goes, Denver, Colorado music promoter Barry Fey nearly became famous for being the guy who would not book Led Zeppelin! “About 10 days before the show, I got a call from the agent saying, ‘Barry, I want to add an act to our show,' ” Fey explains. “I said, ‘Ron (Terry), all the tickets are sold.' “He said, ‘You've got to do this for me, Barry, this is a big, big act. Their name is Led Zeppelin.' I thought it was a joke.” Fey turned down Terry, until the agent flashed some cash. “Ten minutes later Ron called back and said ‘Vanilla Fudge is going to give you $750, and if you give $750 of your own money, we still can put Led Zeppelin on the show.' ” Fey gave in. The big night was December 26, 1968 at the Denver Auditorium Arena. It's said that the unsuspecting audience at the concert had absolutely no idea that this new ‘heavy metal' band from Britain was added to the gig. This historic night marked Led Zeppelin's smashing American debut… and the birth of heavy metal music as we know and love it today. “I got up on the stage and said, ‘Ladies and gentlemen, give a warm Denver welcome to Led Zeppelin,' ” Fey recalls. “They started playing, and it was incredible. It was an unbelievable show; people were gasping. That was a big day in Denver history.”
‘Rock' Concert Is Real Groovy
Barry Fey did it again – a GREAT rock concert at the Auditorium Arena Thursday night with the Vanilla Fudge, Spirit and Led Zeppelin in colourful living sound!
And Freyline has nearly solved the sound fidelity problems – even on the main floor – with the stationary speaker system on the floor augmenting the group's system on the rotating circular stage.
One hitch occurred – tangled cables underneath the bandstand pulled the lug on the Fudge and almost melted their entire performance. When repairs were completed the clock had punched my deadline. Thus catch the Fudge review in Saturday's Rocky Mountain News.
Spirit – quintessima strong MUSICAL!
Everything especially interesting because of a non-ending, highly varied rhythmic continuum structured by Ed Cassidy, pile-driven by bassist Mark Andes, girded by conga drummer-vocalist Jay Ferguson, and filigreed by pianist John Locke and guitarist Randy California.
A UNIQUE dimension added to Spirit's performance was an effective use of varied volume levels. The result not only rendered lyrics thankfully distinguishable, but also enabled a greater variety of subtle pitched and percussive sounds to filter through the textured surface of the music.
Spirit's performance of ‘Mechanical World' and ‘Elijah' were exceptionally groovy. The latter, a jazz oriented swinger in 3/4 meter featured each of the players. Locke and Cassidy proved to be the most inventive, although Ferguson's and Andes display of hambone performing (rhythmic slapping of the thighs and hands) was enjoyable.
A further dimension made especially welcome, was the group's friendliness to the audience and humour.
THE CONCERT was cranked off by another heavy, the Led Zeppelin, a British group making it's first US tour.
Blues oriented (although not a blues band, hyped electric, the full routine in mainstream rock – done powerfully, gutsily, unifiedly, inventively and swingingly (by the end of their set).
Singer Robert Plant – a cut above average in style, but no special appeal in sound. Guitarist Jimmy Page, of Yardbirds fame – exceptionally fine. Used a violin box on the guitar strings in a couple of tunes with resultant interesting, well integrated effects.
Bassist John Paul Jones – solid, involved, contributing. John Bonham – a very effective group drummer, but uninventive, unsubtle and unclimactic in an uneventful solo.
Thanks, Barry!
Advertisements
Massachusetts voters are narrowly split on a Boston-area bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics, though a majority across the state and within Boston would back a bid that prohibits public spending on sports venues and the running of the Games, according to a new Boston Globe poll.
Statewide, 46.6 percent of voters support the bid and 49.6 percent are against it, according to a survey of 804 registered voters across Massachusetts. Overall, the results could signal a modest rebound for the bid, which saw public support diminish during the winter.
Opposition to an Olympics bid is more intense within Boston, where a temporary Olympic stadium, athletes' village, and most of the sports venues would be located if the city were to win the Games. A majority of Boston voters — 54 percent — either “strongly oppose” or “somewhat oppose” the bid, while 43 percent say they back it.
Advertisement
The poll suggests that voters across the state would be far more amenable to hosting the Olympics if the bid goes forward with a mandate that no Massachusetts tax money be spent to build venues or to run the Games. Under those conditions, 59 percent of voters statewide, and 57 percent within Boston, say they would support the Olympic bid, which has been proposed by the local bid committee, Boston 2024.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The poll, done for the Globe by Sage Systems, LLC, of Boston, was conducted April 22-23 with live telephone interviews using both landlines and cellphones. The margin of error for the statewide results is 3.46 percent. The survey included 400 interviews with Boston voters. The margin of error for the Boston results is 4.9 percent.
More information: See detailed results from the poll here
“The poll indicates that the free-fall Olympics support saw during the winter months has stabilized somewhat, but is still not at the level which Boston 2024 would hope for,” said Frank Perullo, president of Sage. A WBUR survey in March found just 36 percent of Greater Boston voters wanted to pursue the Olympics.
The bid committee has called for a referendum on the bid in November 2016, and has pledged not to move forward unless it wins the endorsement of voters statewide and within Boston.
Boston 2024 has promised to deliver an Olympics financed by no local tax money, and paid for largely by corporate donations, ticket sales, and broadcast and merchandizing fees. The plan does depend on $1 billion or more from federal taxpayers to cover the cost of security, without which Boston could not host the Games, according to the bid committee.
Advertisement
Voters, even some who support the bid, are skeptical that Boston 2024 will be able to keep its promise of a privately financed Olympics, the poll suggests.
“One major hurdle for proponents of Boston's Olympic bid is that 89 percent of Boston residents think it's likely to need tax dollars,” Perullo said. “That is a lot of people that need to be convinced of a no-tax-dollars guarantee.”
Outside of Boston, 50 percent back the Games. The poll results also suggest a generational divide over the idea of Boston hosting the global event.
Younger voters are generally more enthusiastic about having the international sports festival here nine years from now, according to the survey. Voters age 18-34 are the most likely to support the bid, while voters in the 35-49 age range are closely split. Voters above age 50 were more likely to say they oppose the effort to bring the Olympics to the region.
Respondents were generally positive about the potential effects of the Olympics: 59 percent believe that hosting the 2024 Summer Games would lead to long-term improvements in the MBTA, and 59 percent believe the Games would have lasting benefits for tourism.
Advertisement
However, only 47 percent of respondents believe the Games would bring long-term economic benefits for the region, “suggesting that people may be aware of cost overruns and Olympic losses in previous host cities,” Perullo said. Fifty-nine percent are concerned the Olympics could be a target for terrorism, and an overwhelming 93 percent expect traffic and other inconveniences during the Games.
Voters generally seem satisfied with how Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Governor Charlie Baker have handled the Olympic bid. Fifty-six percent say Walsh has dealt with the issue “well” or “very well,” while just 22 percent were critical of his performance. Baker got high marks from 52 percent of respondents; just 20 percent said he has dealt with the Olympics poorly or very poorly.
“Clearly Governor Baker and Mayor Walsh have weathered the storm, and people believe they have shown strong and transparent leadership on a complex and contentious issue,” Perullo said.
Boston 2024 had a difficult winter, beginning with record snows that overwhelmed the MBTA and seemed to shake public confidence that the transit system could handle an international event, even one during the summer. The bid committee, though entirely financed with private donations, was also roundly criticized over a plan to pay former governor Deval Patrick $7,500 a day for occasional travel to promote the bid. Patrick ultimately said he would forgo the fee. Opponents have attacked the committee's financing plans, and falling public support in polls prompted some calls for the US Olympic Committee to rethink its choice of Boston as the US bid city. The USOC has publicly stood by its choice.
The results of the Globe poll were similar in some respects to a poll conducted April 16-21 by Suffolk University, which found 43 percent of voters statewide in favor of the Games, and 46 percent opposed. Suffolk found that 56 percent of voters would support the bid with the requirement that no public money could be used to operate the Games.
The USOC in January chose Boston to represent the nation in the global competition for the 2024 Games, which would be the first Summer Olympics in the United States since 1996, in Atlanta.
The International Olympic Committee will meet in Peru in 2017 to choose the 2024 host. Rome and Hamburg have announced they will bid. Paris is expected to jump into the contest, and Budapest could also make a bid.
More information on the poll:
• Full results from the poll
• Questionnaire used to conduct the poll
• President of company behind poll explains methodology
Support for a Boston Olympics isn't a simple yes/no question, poll shows A new Boston Globe poll shows that Massachusetts voters are narrowly split on a Boston-area bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics, though a majority across the state and within Boston would back an Olympics bid that prohibited public spending on sports venues and the running of the Games. NOTE: Numbers might not add to 100 because of rounding. The poll of 804 registered voters across Massachusetts, done for the Globe by Sage Systems, of Boston, was conducted April 22-23 with live telephone interviews using both landlines and cellphones. The margin of error for the statewide results is 3.46 percent. The survey included 400 interviews with Boston voters. The margin of error for the Boston results is 4.9 percent. SOURCE: Sage Systems Patrick Garvin/Globe Staff
Mark Arsenault can be reached at marsenault@globe.com
Kendra Mangione, CTV Toronto
Toronto police are trying to reunite a teddy bear with its owner, after finding the stuffed toy outside of an east-end hospital.
The bear, which is approximately 30 centimetres tall, was located outside of Rouge Valley Centenary hospital on Ellesmere Road near Morningside Avenue.
It was found at approximately 10 p.m. on Tuesday, Toronto Police Const. Jeniffer Sidhu told CTV News.
The bear may have been a patient at the teddy bear clinic hosted by the facility as a way to teach children on March Break about basic medical care.
The bear spent time Wednesday morning with Const. Clint Stibbe, who shared a photo of "Constable in Training PC Bear" on Twitter, before being brought to police headquarters
"Officer Jen is keeping him warm and safe" until the bear's owner is found, Sidhu said.
Anyone able to reunite the bear with its owner is asked to call police at 416-808-7093.
The purpose of this study is to gain understanding of the relationship between ejaculation and serum testosterone level in men. The serum testosterone concentrations of 28 volunteers were investigated daily during abstinence periods after ejaculation for two phases. The authors found that the fluctuations of testosterone levels from the 2nd to 5th day of abstinence were minimal. On the 7th day of abstinence, however, a clear peak of serum testosterone appeared, reaching 145.7% of the baseline ( P < 0.01). No regular fluctuation was observed following continuous abstinence after the peak. Ejaculation is the precondition and beginning of the special periodic serum testosterone level variations, which would not occur without ejaculation. The results showed that ejaculation-caused variations were characterized by a peak on the 7th day of abstinence; and that the effective time of an ejaculation is 7 days minimum. These data are the first to document the phenomenon of the periodic change in serum testosterone level; the correlation between ejaculation and periodic change in the serum testosterone level, and the pattern and characteristics of the periodic change.
More incumbents have chosen not to run for re-election than in any campaign since the last majority government was dissolved in 2004 at least. With about one-fifth of formerly sitting Members of Parliament not putting their name on a ballot, the long list of reasons why the 2015 federal election campaign will be especially unpredictable gets longer.
Though conventional wisdom says a local candidate is only worth about five percentage points, there is no denying that certain incumbents carry more weight than others. Their retirement can turn what was once a safe riding for one party into a victory for another.
But the 2015 election may be won around the margins, where a few hundred votes in a handful of ridings could decide the outcome.
Lacking an incumbent can pose serious challenges for a party. Over the last two elections, parties were 17 per cent more likely to win a seat if they had an incumbent running than if their incumbent was not standing for re-election. That turned a party's re-election chances from better than three-in-four in a riding with an incumbent to just two-in-three in a seat without one.
The penalty for lacking an incumbent can be significant. All else being equal, parties without an incumbent have suffered a hit worth about seven per cent of what the party might have otherwise been expected to get in the riding. This is in consideration of how the wider region swung from the previous vote, and based on an analysis of more than 250 cases in recent elections.
Depending on the level of support an incumbent previously had in a given riding, that can represent anything from two to five points — seemingly aligning with the conventional wisdom concerning the value of a local candidate. And this is just the average performance. There are many individual cases where the loss of an incumbent had a much more profound impact (and, though fewer, some where the impact was negligible).
Lack of incumbents hurts Conservatives
Though the Tories have been hit particularly hard by the loss of some well-known incumbents like James Moore in British Columbia, John Baird in Ontario and Peter MacKay in Nova Scotia, the number of Conservative incumbents who have chosen not to run for re-election is not abnormally high. In fact, it is roughly proportional to the number of seats they won in 2011.
But the locations of those Conservatives not running for re-election could be problematic.
The vast majority of the New Democratic MPs not running again are in Quebec and British Columbia, where the party is leading comfortably in the polls. For the most part, the few Liberal MPs not re-offering are giving up seats the Liberals would be heavily favoured to win anyway.
By contrast, the Conservatives are missing a large number of incumbent MPs in British Columbia, Alberta, the Prairies, and Ontario — regions where they are facing many competitive races that they badly need to win. These departing MPs have opened up opportunities for the opposition parties.
A majority of the seats in which the Conservatives lack an incumbent (either through retirement or because the MP has opted to run in a different riding) are at risk of being lost to the New Democrats or the Liberals, according to seat-level projections. In all, that means almost 30 seats where the Conservatives could certainly use the added security an incumbent MP provides. By comparison, only a third of vacant Liberal ridings and a fifth of NDP seats without an incumbent are at risk of being lost to another party.
The polls continue to show a very close race. At current support levels, there is a fair chance that the New Democrats and Conservatives could finish within a handful of seats of one another. In those 30 to 40 seats without an incumbent that are at play, all three parties will be sorry to lose the two-to-five points advantage a familiar face can provide.
Princess Bride: An Adorable Little Kid Just Came Up With The Best Fan Theory Ever By Mike Reyes Random Article Blend The Princess Bride is one of those childhood classics that, no matter how many times you see it, you notice something new almost every viewing. Fan theories grow and thrive with these types of movies, and no matter if they're right or wrong, there's always going to be someone trying to justify or nullify the existence of these theories. Which brings us to a fan theory of just where The Princess Bride is going with its charmingly cryptic ending.
So it's the first day of Winter Vacation, and the best way to start it off is to watch THE PRINCESS BRIDE. At the end, when Fred Savage asks Peter Falk to come back and read it again tomorrow and he has a little twinkle in his eye and replies "As you wish," Walker turned to me and said, "Oh, right; he's the last Dread Pirate Roberts and he'll give the mask to his grandson tomorrow" AND YOU BLEW MY GODDAMN MIND LITTLE DUDE.
After almost thirty years of fans swooning over The Princess Bride, memorizing its lines and its gags, and generally obsessing over the film... it took a young child to realize the biggest tease of them all? That's a pretty damned big happening, if you ask us. Not only that, but if the grandfather really is handing down the mask to the grandson, there's a big possibility that if there was ever a follow-up sequel to The Princess Bride (besides the long rumored Buttercup's Baby novel that William S. Goldman wishes he could complete,) we could have seen some serious action as grandfather and grandson trained towards an ultimate battle to prove the grandson's worth.
Sadly, this is all just a fan theory, but on a scale of The Princess Bride is. The fact that the world outside of the book isn't that well-defined in the story kind of leaves the possibility more wide open than others might think. But at the same time, don't expect Cary Elwes to have dropped clues in his
Classic films make you think about them the first time or the hundred and first time you've seen them. The Princess Bride is definitely no exception, and with this new fan theory blowing up on the internet, it's only a matter of time before think pieces are defending it or defaming it. Now that you know of its existence, feel free to throw down what you think is true in the comments section. Meanwhile, The Princess Bride is available on Home Video now... though you probably already have a copy, and it's more than likely sitting between your copies of The Goonies and is one of those childhood classics that, no matter how many times you see it, you notice something new almost every viewing. Fan theories grow and thrive with these types of movies, and no matter if they're right or wrong, there's always going to be someone trying to justify or nullify the existence of these theories. Which brings us to a fan theory of just whereis going with its charmingly cryptic ending. io9 ran a story today in which comic/graphic novel creator Larry Young detailed a theory created by his young son, Walker after watching The Princess Bride . In particular, this theory claims to be that in the universe of the popular Rob Reiner film, the story isn't just a cute bedtime entertainment... it's an actual history. Read the blurb from Young below to find out how:After almost thirty years of fans swooning over, memorizing its lines and its gags, and generally obsessing over the film... it took a young child to realize the biggest tease of them all? That's a pretty damned big happening, if you ask us. Not only that, but if the grandfather really is handing down the mask to the grandson, there's a big possibility that if there was ever a follow-up sequel to(besides the long rumorednovel that William S. Goldman wishes he could complete,) we could have seen some serious action as grandfather and grandson trained towards an ultimate battle to prove the grandson's worth.Sadly, this is all just a fan theory, but on a scale of Pixar's "One Universe" theory and Bane just wanted to help Batman , this theory would have to land smack dab in the middle, along side the Stan Lee Is The Watcher theory. It's not out of the question, considering how fanciful the actual story ofis. The fact that the world outside of the book isn't that well-defined in the story kind of leaves the possibility more wide open than others might think. But at the same time, don't expect Cary Elwes to have dropped clues in his memoir about the making of the film.Classic films make you think about them the first time or the hundred and first time you've seen them.is definitely no exception, and with this new fan theory blowing up on the internet, it's only a matter of time before think pieces are defending it or defaming it. Now that you know of its existence, feel free to throw down what you think is true in the comments section. Meanwhile,is available on Home Video now... though you probably already have a copy, and it's more than likely sitting between your copies ofand The Lost Boys . Looks like you're more than prepared for holiday break! Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Brexit minister Steve Baker MP
The new Brexit minister, Conservative MP for Wycombe, evidently has a track record of campaigning for reform of asbestos controls.
Much of the existing legislation, which bans the use of asbestos and controls how the substance is removed, is governed by European Union legislation. The Unite union said that Mr Baker's appointment as Brexit minister raises concerns that when the so-called 'Great Reform Bill' becomes law, he will be able to use his position to weaken asbestos laws, bypassing effective parliamentary scrutiny.
Unite is pushing the government for 'cast-iron guarantees' that asbestos regulations will not be diluted by Mr Baker.
In October 2010, Mr Baker asked a series of parliamentary questions regarding asbestos. He asked the secretary of state for work and pensions: "If he will bring forward proposals to amend the provisions of the Control of Asbestos at Work Regulations 2002 to distinguish the white form of asbestos and the blue and brown forms of that substance."
Mr Baker also asked: "If he will commission an inquiry into the appropriateness of the health and safety precautions in force in respect of asbestos cement.”
And: "If he will bring forward proposals to amend existing regulations governing the safe use of asbestos cement in line with the evidence cited in the Health and Safety Commission Paper HSC/06/055."
The latest figures from the Health & Safety Executive for 2014 reveal that, 2,515 people died as a result of developing mesothelioma, the incurable and fatal cancer of the lining of the lungs, caused by inhaling asbestos.
Unite assistant general secretary Gail Cartmail said: “It is alarming that an MP who holds such extreme views on asbestos has been given such a sensitive position.”
Mr Baker is also mentioned in a 2015 report by the Conservative Rural Affairs Group (CRAG), having contacted Lord de Mauley the parliamentary under-secretary of state at the Department for Environment Food & Rural Affairs (Defra) "about asbestos issues on farms". The CRAG has long campaigned for a derogation "to allow the re-use of end of life asbestos cement sheets on farms" rather than the professional removal of the substance which is currently the case.
Unite says that Mr Baker's questions and the policies of the CRAG are in line with a well-funded pro-asbestos lobby, which argues contrary to scientific evidence that white asbestos is safe. The pro-asbestos group has the support of several right-wing politicians and commentators within both the Conservative Party and UKIP, according to the union.
Gail Cartmail added: "Following these revelations it is essential that very senior government ministers give a cast-iron guarantee that the existing asbestos regulations will not be weakened or modified and the safety of workers will remain the priority. With thousands of people dying every year, directly as a result of being exposed to asbestos, the priority must be to ensure that the existing safety laws are adhered to and employers who ignore this life saving legislation are prosecuted and convicted."
Tiny Villages: Horizontally Scaling Society
Horizontal Scaling
Cloud computing is about horizontally (as opposed to vertically) scaling systems. Instead of building one super-powerful server you create many small inexpensive servers that each contain a small part of the system. There are multiple advantages to "scaling out" rather than "scaling up", such as incrementally improved capacity with little or no downtime and less expensive, more maintainable servers.
Moving our human development and zoning towards a similar horizontal scaling architecture will make achieving our sustainability goals much more practical. Instead of oversize homes in expansive suburbs far from vast agricultural spaces, and a long commute away from large office and industrial areas, let's create smaller self-contained and more tractable units for everything. This will mean smaller homes bundled next door to smaller agricultural and commercial/industrial buildings.
Sustainability means moving away from the infinite growth paradigm towards one where resources are recognized as being finite. One of those key resources for human society is land. In my opinion, land usage in modern suburbia is amazingly bad, and suburban land is one of the most underutilized resources remaining.
Suburban homes have tended recently towards growing larger and larger. This means increasing use of resources for heating and cooling of rooms that usually are mostly empty space. At the same time, anywhere land is not obviously at a premium, homes often have large back yards. These back yards are blank spaces in our sustainability plan. About 95% of the time they are used mainly as a place for the family dog to defecate. 5% of the time a child plays there, and another 5% of the time someone putters in a tiny garden that produces next to nothing. Often back yards are mainly for vanity.
Commuting
Another tragedy of the modern city is the concept of commuting many miles to work in vehicles that weigh thousands of pounds and are designed to carry many passengers rather than an individual.
More often than not the destination is an office building or a strip mall. In the case of the office worker, telepresence and telecommuting is an obvious and massively underutilized development. The internet is everywhere and is increasingly being used to stream cat videos, gaming, TV shows and other video. Why not use it for video and audio conferencing whenever we need to discuss work topics face-to-face, rather than driving many miles each day? We are wasting gas, wasting our time, wasting space for office buildings that are unoccupied 60-70% of the time.
The Tiny House Movement
Most people have heard of the "tiny house" by now. This brilliant idea is one of the shining examples of making sustainable living real. The question for many people, however, is, "where do I park my tiny house?".
The suggestion is often given to be an RV park, or a tiny "homestead" in a remote or unpopulated area. All of the typical answers to the question of where to park a tiny house generally miss the main points. First of all, the primary reason tiny houses have wheels is to get around outdated local laws. So they aren't really recreational vehicles or vehicles at all. As far as moving to an unpopulated area to get around outdated local laws that insist on large homes etc., this is avoiding the problems rather than solving them.
There are some tiny house community developments that are popping up. The main thing missing from these ideas is the concept of mixed land use which is key to scaling society in a predictable and tractable way.
Decentralization and Just Right Density
Urban centers maximize density which leads to over-centralization, causing ever-increasing problems in terms of transit, housing, public facilities, and even the availability of light which is a show-stopper for a solar-powered community.
Suburban areas minimize density, leading to ballooning problems with transit, as more and more commuters try to fit onto ever-increasingly crowded freeways, wasting more and more time and fossil fuel to get to and from work or just the grocery store. homeowners compete for the largest homes and the largest back yards, which means they are competing to waste as much space and energy as possible.
The "urban village" is probably the closest to this tiny village proposal in terms of practical sustainable scaling. In a way this takes the urban village concept a step further. One difference is the limitation to two stories.
Goals
Goals are to improve food security, land use, as well as energy and resource efficiency, reduce commute times, reduce injury and deaths from vehicle accidents, and overall increase quality of life.
Subdivision of Surburban Lots
The core idea is to subdivide each residential surburban lot into 9 lots. Given a typical lot size of 60'x60', that means each plot is 18'x18' with two 6' passages.
Subdivision Zoning
Mixed-use zoning helps implement the project goals. Each subdivision is required to contain the following zones:
4 residential (optionally with commercial in the same space)(R [C])
3 high-tech agricultural (co-op or commercial)
2 commercial
This zoning ensures that each subdivision has a minimum of agricultural space, commercial space, and also encourages people to run businesses out of their homes. Structure height is limited to a maximum of two stories.
Passive or Net-Zero Tiny Homes
Regulations for residential construction can specify passive/efficient requirements such as maximal insulation, airtight construction with HRV, cooling tubes or heat pump, solar, energy storage, greywater recyling, etc. Use of systems like Structural Insulated Panels may lower labor and energy costs.
Separate structures will reduce noise pollution and increase privacy when compared to attached units.
Localizing Food Production
Regulations can specify efficient agricultural methods such as advanced permaculture, aquaponics, aeroponics, hydroponics, and vertical farming.
Village Sections
Ideally several suburban plots together are each subdivided. For example, to start small, suppose six homes at one end of a street convert. What was originally just 6 large residences becomes 24 tiny homes(/businesses), 18 agricultural spaces, and 12 commercial spaces, for a total of 54 spaces. Land use is improved by 800%.
Road Safety
This part of the street is barricaded to prevent normal vehicle traffic from entering.
To improve safety and reduce noise pollution in village areas:
combustion engines are prohibited
maximum vehicle weight including passengers and cargo is 300 pounds
maximum speed is 25 mph
human powered transport like bicycles, recumbant trikes, and velomobiles are encouraged
Scaling Neighboorhoods/Towns
There will need to be a certain amount of open space, which can also partly serve for additional agriculture. So for say each 4 tiny villages/plots there could be a tiny park the size of one 60x60 plot.
Roads can be solar roadways and narrowed a bit since most vehicles are single-passenger. The sides of roads can provide more space for agriculture, such as nut trees or wheat.
Significant space should be dedicated to connect wildlife cooridors in each development.
About
Tiny Village concepts by Jason Livesay. Design, 3D modeling, animation and illustration by Jay Engstrom.
Please feel free to contribute or fork on github.
Submit
Mayor Sara, LTFRB agree to excuse Davao from jeepney modernization 11544 SHARES Share it! Share Tweet
By Yas Ocampo
DAVAO CITY — Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio said that she and the Land Transportation and Franchise Regulatory Board (LTFRB) have already discussed being excused from the planned jeepney modernization plan being implemented by the transport agency by next year.
This amid the LTFRB's implementation of an omnibus rule for public transport vehicles to abide by Euro 4 standards as well as a gradual phase-out of old public utility vehicles such as jeepneys.
Davao City will be piloting the creation of a mass transport system through a high priority bus system (HPBS) as Metro Manila and other areas aim to modernize the jeepneys.
Speaking to reporters Monday, Mayor Duterte said that the LTFRB assured her that the plan to implement such a program was well within the parameters of the national modernization plan for public vehicles.
“Sa Davao City, ginaingon nako nga unya na ta mag jeepney modernization after maimplement ang HPBS so that ang mabilin na jeep ang mag organize (I asked the LTFRB to delay the modernization of the jeepneys after we implement the bus system so that those jeepney operators who do not take part in the program could organize it themselves),” Duterte said.
Under the proposed HPBS, existing jeepney operators may sell old jeepneys for scrap amounting to an estimated P80,000 depending on the prevailing price of scrap metal.
Part of the program is an investment program in which the operator may have a stake in the proposed bus system.
The program promises steady salaries for all personnel who take part, as well as increased safety as there would no longer be any need for jeeps to compete for passengers.
The program is part of a proposal of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) after a study conducted around five to six years ago.
“It's very unfair sa jeepney drivers (to require them to) nga irequire sila nga mag comply sa jeep modernization and then six months later to tell them ‘ibaligya na ninyo sa amoa for scrappage (sell your jeepneys to us for scraps),'” Mayor Duterte said.
Mayor Duterte has been vocal about her support for the HPBS system.
The mayor even took advantage of the transport strike initiated by organized transport groups to illustrate how the absence of jeepneys would improve traffic around the city.
Tags: bus system, Davao City, Franchise Regulatory Board, jeepney, LTFRB, Manila Bulletin, mass transport system, modernization plan, Sara Duterte-Carpio
WA farmers are gearing up to plant their biggest ever canola crop, but the proportion of genetically modified plantings has been constrained due to a nationwide seed shortage.
The Grains Industry Association of WA estimates there could be a 10 per cent to 20 per cent increase on last year's record plantings of 1.2 million hectares of all types of canola.
The expected increase follow strong prices for the oilseed, and heightened confidence given widespread summer rains which increased subsoil moisture, reducing the risk of failure in a crop that is relatively expensive to establish.
GIWA Oilseeds Council chairman Michael Lamond said the proportion of the total canola crop planted using GM seed varieties reached around 30 per cent last year, and was expected to grow by at least another 10 per cent in 2017.
However that anticipated increase in GM plantings was now unlikely because of the GM seed shortage.
Growers of GM canola typically purchase new seed each season. The GM seed includes a trait allowing the herbicide RoundUp to be used on the crop. Most GM seed is hybrid, so farmers gain the benefits of hybrid vigour.
However, all suppliers sold out of GM canola seed earlier in the year, and failed to fully meet farmers' pre-orders. Subsequent demand was also not filled.
Mr Lamond said the shortage was driven by extra demand resulting from the overall increase of canola plantings, and flood damage in the seed- growing areas in the Eastern States. He said overall, there was still likely to be a huge WA canola crop this year and a good proportion would be GM, but not to the extent it could have been.
“Farmers who wanted to expand their GM plantings will still plant canola but will use conventional varieties instead. Affected farmers will have to alter how they manage their crops and this could have an impact on yields,” he said.
WA farmers will start their seeding programs in early April. According to GIWA, WA harvested around 2.15 million tonnes of canola in 2016-17.
Conventional canola trades at about $550 a tonne, with GM varieties fetching slightly less.
Around The NFL's season preview jumps to the NFC West. Our podcast NFC preview is right here.
Change we can believe in
As NFL Media's Bucky Brooks has pointed out, offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell has opened up the playbook, utilizing a wider variety of formations and concepts this season. In other words, Russell Wilson's detractors will no longer be able to marginalize him as a game manager, as the leash continues to lengthen with more perimeter plays and empty backfield sets.
With a healthy Percy Harvin terrorizing defenses with fly sweeps, bubble screens and quick routes, this offense will be considerably more explosive than last year's. Throw in an increased role for freakishly talented tailback Christine Michael, and there's even more big-play potential for a team used to leaning so heavily on grinding out victories.
Biggest concern
Good luck finding a weak spot on this roster. The offensive line was a major issue for the majority of last season, as left tackle Russell Okung, right tackle Breno Giacomini and center Max Unger all missed time with injuries. Although the pass-blocking should be steadier this season, the team is breaking in a new right tackle in second-round draft pick Justin Britt.
The linebackers were banged up entering training camp but should be ready to go for Week 1. Bobby Wagner (hamstring) finally returned to practice Monday. The Seahawks are still waiting for Bruce Irvin (hip surgery) to join him, but that should happen later this week.
Training camp surprise
If wide receiver was billed as a potential problem area following the losses of Golden Tate and Sidney Rice, that issue has been put to rest with strong August performances from Doug Baldwin and Jermaine Kearse. The latter has been a mainstay in three-wide receiver sets and is coming off an impressive performance against the Bears last Friday night. Don't be surprised if Kearse is Wilson's favorite red-zone target this season.
Don't sleep on Robert Turbin. While the offseason and summer spotlights were focused on Michael and Marshawn Lynch, respectively, Turbin was a forgotten name. He's been excellent this preseason, showing impressive vision and power.
What we'll be saying in February
The Seahawks just became the first team since the 2004 Patriots to win back-to-back Super Bowls. It's official. There is a nascent dynasty in Seattle.
Around The NFL's predicted finish: First place in NFC West, No. 1 in Around The NFL's Power Index.
The "Around the League Podcast" Fantasy Football Extravaganza has landed. Tell your friends and lovers.
Seven in 10 Americans say the nation's political divisions are at least as big as during the Vietnam War, according to a new poll, which also finds nearly 6 in 10 saying Donald Trump's presidency is making the U.S. political system more dysfunctional.
The Washington Post-University of Maryland poll — conducted nine months into Trump's tumultuous presidency — reveals a starkly pessimistic view of U.S. politics, widespread distrust of the nation's political leaders and their ability to compromise, and an erosion of pride in the way democracy works in America.
Trump's arrival in the White House in January ushered in a period of big political fights — over issues including health care, taxes and immigration — and a sharp escalation in personal attacks on political opponents, over social media and elsewhere.
Seven in 10 Americans say the nation's politics have reached a dangerous low point, and a majority of those believe the situation is a "new normal" rather than temporary, according to the poll.
[Read full poll results | How the poll was conducted]
The polls find that 7 in 10 Americans view the Trump administration as dysfunctional. But dissatisfaction extends well beyond the executive branch: Even more Americans, 8 in 10, say Congress is dysfunctional, and there is limited trust in other institutions, including the media.
"It's just messed up now," said Patty Kasbeck, 37, a veterinary technician in Bartlesville, Okla., and a Democrat. "It's not even a political system. It's a reality show."
In the poll, 14 percent of Americans said they view the ethics and honesty of politicians as excellent or good — down from 25 percent in 1997 and 39 percent in 1987. And 12 percent say members of Congress base their policies on a set of core values, while 87 percent say they mainly "do whatever is needed to win reelection."
By and large, Americans are feeling frustrated not only with the country's politics but also their ability to talk about politics in a civil way.
"It seems the country is being divided on so many topics and on so many fronts at one time," said Gene Gardner, a retired communications specialist in Blacksburg, Va., who said American democracy has become "a rock-throwing contest."
"When people have an opinion, they don't just say it to their spouse across the dinner table anymore," said Gardner, 68, who says he tends to vote Democratic. "They put it on Facebook. Everything gets amplified and more angry."
Recent surveys have shown consumer confidence is up this year and stands at the highest levels in the past decade, so it does not appear that economic concerns are driving discontent with the nation's political system.
Rather, Trump's presidency appears to be a more critical factor in informing the way people feel about the state of American democracy.
While the poll finds similar levels of distrust in the federal government as before Trump took office, it also finds that pride in U.S. democracy is eroding. The share of Americans who are not proud of the way the country's democracy is working has doubled since three years ago — from 18 percent to 36 percent in the new survey conducted among a nationwide sample of more than 1,600 adults by The Post and U-Md.'s Center for American Politics and Citizenship.
And nearly half of those who say they "strongly disapprove" of Trump's job performance say they are not proud of American democracy today. That's about twice as high among as those who "somewhat disapprove" of the president's performance.
Doubts about democracy are not limited, however, to strong Trump critics. The poll finds that 25 percent of his supporters are not proud of the way democracy is working. That's a higher figure than for the general public since at least the 1990s, polling shows.
"I think that since Trump's election, there's a spotlight on Washington and how it really works: that politicians are out for themselves and beholden to special interests," said Nola Sayne, a paralegal in Logansville, Ga., who supported Trump and says she tends to vote Republican.
Sayne, 54, partly blames the dysfunction on how the Washington establishment has reacted to Trump. "People just flip out at everything he says," Sayne said.
Elizabeth Johnston, a worker benefits specialist in Paradise, Calif., said she's "embarrassed for the country" and primarily blames Democrats for the nation's current political dysfunction.
"They're acting like the mean kids in junior high," Johnston said. "They're all helping to make sure that the president doesn't succeed."
Johnston, 58, a registered independent, said there are some things she doesn't like about Trump, like his "childish tweets." But she said the country needs to give him a chance.
"I love it that he hears us," she said. "I love it that he wants to cut taxes."
Strong majorities in both parties say the political divisions today are at least as strong as during the Vietnam War, a period of protest and unrest that is widely viewed as a dark chapter in American political history.
Seven in 10 Americans overall hold that view, but it is particularly strong among those who experienced the Vietnam War era firsthand. Among those who were adults in the 1970s, more than three-quarters say political divisions today are at least as big.
"I'm old enough that I remember the Vietnam War," said Ed Evans, 67, a lawyer in Sioux Falls, S.D., and a Democrat who was a college student in Missouri at the time. "With Vietnam, at least it was focused on one issue. Here, it's all over the place. In some ways, this is deeply more troubling."
Ellen Collins, a retired data architect in Dayton, Ohio, said she remembers hearing her brother, who was in the Army returning from Vietnam, say that he was spit upon in the airport during a layover in San Francisco in March 1968. Still, she is among those who say political divisions in the country are worse today.
"This country is a mess," said Collins, 69. "There's no civility. Friends are now enemies. These issues have made people angry."
She blames Trump in large part, saying he has used divisions "to his benefit, to play on people's fears."
Collins cited Trump's recent sparring with Rep. Frederica S. Wilson (D-Fla.) over the president's condolence call to the widow of a soldier killed in Niger.
"He has an inability to say, 'My bad,' and he just keeps going and going," Collins said. "He's childish, and he's a bully."
Majorities of both Democrats and Republicans say America's politics have reached a dangerous low point, though more Democrats (81 percent) than Republicans (56 percent) hold that view.
Overall, more Americans say Trump deserves "a lot" of blame for political dysfunction (51 percent) than either the Republican Party (38 percent) or the Democratic Party (32 percent).
"We've had good presidents and bad presidents," said Gardner, the Blacksburg, Va. resident. "But for the most part, they've all played a presidential role. They've tried to bring the country together. That's not so true of Trump."
One's party affiliation tends to color the way one parcels out blame.
About three-quarters of Democrats blame Trump "a lot" for causing dysfunction, as do more than half of political independents. But about 1 in 7 Republicans say Trump deserves "a lot" of blame.
Underscoring the partisan antipathy toward Trump, two-thirds of Democrats in the poll say they do not believe his election was legitimate — a view held by 9 percent of Republicans.
Overall, 42 percent of Americans say Trump's election was not legitimate. By comparison, 14 percent say former president Barack Obama's 2008 election was not legitimate.
Democrats have a clear advantage in public trust, with 56 percent of Americans saying they think the party generally represents their political views, compared with 43 percent of Americans saying the Republican Party does the same. A 55 percent majority says the Republican Party mainly opposes their views, and 60 percent say the same of Trump.
Many also say the opposing political party not only does not represent their views but is also "undermining America's core principles."
Nearly two-thirds of those who see Democrats as the opposition believe they are undermining the country's core principles, while a slightly smaller percentage of those who feel the Republican Party opposes their views sense a fundamental threat. Among those who say Trump opposes their views, three-quarters say he is undermining the nation's core principles.
Democrats and Republicans do agree on many of the causes of political dysfunction in the U.S. political system.
At least 6 in 10 Democrats, Republicans and independents say "money in politics" deserves a lot of blame, while smaller majorities blame "people with extreme views," and more than 4 in 10 of each group blame members of Congress.
A majority of Americans overall say wealthy political donors deserve a lot of blame, and nearly half say the same for both the news media and social media. In a separate question, three-quarters say media organizations tend to favor one side when dealing with political and social issues, a critique held by most Democrats and Republicans.
Gina Haag, a high school government teacher in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said she believes two of the biggest culprits contributing to political dysfunction are "hyper-partisanship" and the amount of money in politics.
"It's gotten to the point where money matters more than who's running or what they stand for," said Haag, 24, a registered independent.
The poll also suggests that Americans are using political labels to define people more broadly.
Half of Americans say that if they know someone is a Democrat, that not only indicates what they think about government policies but also how they live their lives. More than half of Americans said the same thing about Republicans.
At the same time, many Americans feel less commonality with their neighbors. A 56 percent majority says there are fewer things that bind Americans together today than in the past, a view shared by majorities across party lines and most demographic groups.
The Post-U-Md. poll was conducted Sept. 27-Oct. 5 online and by landline and cellphone among 1,663 adults interviewed through the AmeriSpeak Panel, the probability-based survey panel of NORC at the University of Chicago. Interviews were conducted online and by landline and cellular phones; overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
Emily Guskin contributed to this report. Graphics by Chiqui Esteban
we're going old-school fundamental this week. this week, we're talking about what starts everything – the approach! i know pick-up lines are what they are. sometimes they work, sometimes they're great icebreakers, and sometimes they're just horrible. so, what we're talking about is the approach. what's the best way to open up a conversation that will eventually lead to something. i hope females realize how hard and how much pressure that is already. now, throw in the fact you may have 5 minutes to work with, while being bombarded with loud music, and maybe even people bumping into you. ah man, i just get tired and exhausted just thinking of it!
overall, just fun to draw this week's art. it's got a little perspective, a little closeup, and just some random characters. all fun to draw! coloring on the other hand is still a bit of a chore. i wish i could enjoy doing that aspect of it more. i know it pays off in the end with a more eye-catching image, but it's still tedious at times.
By the time you read this, the new issue of Tradition may already have launched a thousand conversations. It contains an important article by Rabbis Aryeh and Dov Frimer that prohibits “partnership minyanim.” At the same time, Tradition's parent organization, the RCA, collected and released other documents adopting the same position. The authors come from across a continuum of contemporary Orthodoxy, including R Gedalya Dov Schwartz,shlit”a, the Av Beis Din of the RCA, and R Jeremy Wieder of YU (still to be published).
How to respond to the incessant stream of innovations coming from YCT/ Morethodoxy/ Open Orthodoxy (OO) – or whether to respond at all – remains a frequent topic of conversation and disagreement within the ranks of the RCA, the Modern Orthodox rabbinic group. The RCA is far from monolithic. Its members range from somewhat favorable to OO, too indifferent to strongly hostile. Many among the more traditional members already refer to Open Orthodoxy as neo-Conservatism, believing that with the imminent demise of the Conservative movement, its ideology has found a new home at the far margins of the Orthodox world. At the same time, many of those on the far-left have formed their own rabbinic organization, the IRF. Judging only from what I have seen on internal listservs, a very large number of RCA members from across the rest of the Orthodox spectrum – if not a large majority – see many of the innovations and core beliefs of OO to be inimical to the preservation of the mesorah, if not far beyond the pale of Torah Judaism.
The focus on partnership minyanim represents an agonized choice on the part of RCA leadership. It decided to address a practice that has been instituted in very few places, but has created a toxic pressure on rabbis who adhere to conventional halachic and hashkafic protocols. Shul members down the block from the liberalizing congregations demand that their rabbis start to get with the times, and allow more and different innovations that they cannot tolerate. If this one practice is banned from Orthodox consideration, it might help ease the pressure from the entire smorgasbord of proposed changes.
RCA leadership reasoned that some well-written articles could minimally nip a problem in the bud, and possibly generate enough discussion about the limits of Orthodoxy that it could create a new and widely accepted bright-line definition of what is acceptable and what is not. This has precedent in the great battles over mechitza in the ‘50's. According to Dr Jonathan Sarna in his work dedicated to that issue, Orthodox leaders at that time “so vigorously insisted that mixed seating violated halacha that those who supported the opposite position realized that they were clinging to a view that no institutionalized brand of Orthodoxy would agree to legitimate.” This did not prevent congregations from tearing down their mechitzos and joining the Conservative movement, but it did create a popular litmus test of Orthodoxy that allowed it to flourish and grow even more halachically consistent over the next decades. The series of articles may become the modern parallel to the Mt. Clemens, Michigan case immortalized in Sanctity of the Synagogue.
I was privileged to receive one article in advance, and it has the makings of becoming in and of itself the defining position paper on what can be considered Orthodox and what lies outside its bounds. Rav Hershel Schachter, shlit”a, presents multiple arguments for forbidding participation in partnership minyanim. In passing, he develops a number of thoughts about halachic process in general. As is his wont, he almost always comes home to teachings of his rebbi, Rav Soloveitchik zt”l.
Rav Schachter begins with trenchant criticism of those who write teshuvos when they are not qualified to do so. Not everyone who has learned in yeshiva, or even in kollel, or received semicha, he says, is authorized to write responsa. To be considered the gemara's magia le'hora'ah / one who has attained the stature and background necessary to pasken new questions, a candidate's learning need be balanced. People who lean excessively to the side of kula, or to the side of chumrah, cannot properly write teshuvos.
He next plunges straight into the issue of determining what kinds of non-halachically mandated activities are proper, and which are not. He turns to the gemara (Shabbos 23a) that establishes our requirement to abide by new rabbinic takanos/ edicts through the pasuk in Haazinu sh'al avichah v'yagedcha, zikeinecha vayomru lach. How, asks R Schachter, could a pasuk that is not recognized as one of the 613 mitzvos create an halachic imperative?
R Schachter opines that the true source is the mitzvah of ahavas Hashem, which decidedly does number among the 613. That mitzvah requires attitudinal and emotional responses which often have to spill over into concrete action. How are we to determine what behaviors are bona fide reflections of true love for Hashem – ones that will bring Him nachas ruach? Fools, he says, can imagine that instituting a brisah /circumcision ceremony for infant girls might be doing a good thing, but we understand that they are not bringing pleasure, kivayachol, to HKBH.
This is the real intent of the gemara. When our souls are filled with enthusiasm to draw closer to Hashem and we hit upon activities that we think will best express our love for Him, we need to pause. Any such activity needs to be scrutinized by “recognized gedolei Torah.” They are the embodiment of the zikeinim that the gemara references in Shabbos. Without their approval, any such activity may be devoid of any real meaning.
R Schachter goes on to argue that not only has no one of any Torah stature approved of the partnership minyanim protocols, but that they would disapprove for multiple reasons.
The reaction to this piece will likely be strong and predictable. The YCT/OO camp will dismiss it and deride it as “derush,” and “aggadic.” They always insist on halachic sources, because that way, they can always counter them with an obscure minority opinion here, or a tendentious – often interpretation there. There is no High Court that can choose between different halachic interpretations, so they can never lose. The playing field will remain forever level, even if they can only front a losing team.
To people with a stronger traditional bent (or more depth in learning), R Schachter's arguments will resonate well. They will not dismiss them as meta-halachic, because their own experience in learning and halacha points to the legitimacy and necessity for guidance by ba'alei mesorah. “Meta-halachic” to them is not a dirty word, but part of a credo that stands our in halachic literature of hundreds of years.
Many thinkers on the right have been stymied in formulating responses to what they see as the escalating depredations of the far-left. Arguing halacha with the innovators is useless (as above) and confers legitimacy on what often are halachic amateurs. On the other hand, making a proper case for meta-halachic principles is virgin territory, and people are fearful of not doing the job properly.
R Schachter's piece is a wonderful contribution. There are tens of thousands of Orthodox Jews in the Modern Orthodox world (and certainly in the haredi world) who view the tearing down of all barriers by YCT and OO with horror. However, they regard a simple recitation of chadash assur min ha-Torah (something that even its author, the Chasam Sofer, did not really practice, even if it was a good line on one occasion) as an insufficient answer, but they are open to listening to a presentation of where guidelines need to be drawn, and by whom. R Schachter's presentation ought to be a wonderful beginning.
This will be more important in the long run than the existence or disappearance of partnership minyanim. It will not be enough to take R Schachter's formulation and use it to rally the troops. The challenge will be to take it and build upon it, at least to those who do not reject the idea of contemporary rabbinic authority.
Before this essay, making the case for limitation was an issue of each rov for himself. R Schachter's contribution could allow for a common platform upon which others can build and explain, if enough people react favorably and embrace it. It creates a simple (but not simplistic) image that can be shared by the entire community, excepting the outliers.
As happened during the mechitza controversy over a half-century ago, the existence of new popular definition of Orthodoxy brought some people back from the brink. Today as well, the real victory – the nachas ruach to HKBH, if we can surmise – will be if an understanding of halachic process in regard to innovation becomes popular enough that those on the fringes will abort their mission, and return to the mainstream.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal's Emirates Stadium had the worst value for money last season.
The Gunners missed out on the top four for the first time in 21 years after a frustrating campaign under Arsene Wenger.
Wenger's men were in the title race before Christmas but had slipped well adrift by the end of the campaign.
Arsenal's average season ticket price is the highest in the Premier League, standing at just over £1500.
And despite their being 55 goals at the Emirates this season (the ninth highest), they offer the worst value for money at £27.52 per goal.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
North London rivals Spurs aren't far away, despite scoring 47 goals at White Hart Lane last term.
That total is the second-highest but their impressive defensive record, and hefty season ticket price, ensures a cost per goal of £23.75.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Manchester United and champions Chelsea also finish in the bottom half of the table.
The best value for money can be found at the bottom of the Premier League, data from Voucherbox discovered.
Hull's KCom stadium saw 63 goals over the course of the campaign, with fans paying around £6.86 for each time the ball found the net.
Sunderland, who were relegated alongside the Tigers, also make the top three as do Swansea.
(Image: Rex Features)
In contrast, the average amount for the league as a whole is more expensive than the Bundesliga's poorest value for money stadium (£12.05 at Darmstadt's Jonathan Heimes Stadion) and the average cost of a goal in Germany's top division is just £9.17.
A protester holds a sign at the Wall of Tacos demonstration Oct. 19 in front of Trump International Hotel before the last presidential debate in Las Vegas. (Jim Urquhart/Reuters)
If there is one fast-food item that has defined this election cycle, it's the taco. Not a slice of apple pie, a foot-long sub or even a pizza. A taco.
That simple but endless combination of tortilla and any filling that fits your fancy has popped up repeatedly during the 2016 presidential race, either defining illegal-immigration fears of the right or the liberal love of Taco Tuesdays. The taco: a political football reimagined in flour. But how did we get here?
First there was Donald Trump's tone deaf “I love Hispanics!” tweet on Cinco de Mayo, which commemorates the Battle of Puebla, Mexican American cultural exchange and half-priced margaritas. Sitting at his desk in Trump Tower the GOP presidential candidate sent a picture of himself poised to wolf down one of Trump Grill's $18 “taco bowls,” which according to the former reality star were “the best.” He topped off the missive with an enthusiastic “I love Hispanics!”
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! https://t.co/ufoTeQd8yA pic.twitter.com/k01Mc6CuDI — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2016
Thing is “taco bowls” aren't Mexican cuisine. They're an American invention. Trump was warned by his then campaign manager, Paul Manafort, that the tweet could possibly come off as condescending, according to the Huffington Post. Trump gave it the green light anyway. The reaction to “Cinco de No-No” was predictable and swift.
Food writer Nick Kindelsperger, who's spent the past two years blogging about Chicago's booming taqueria scene, saw it coming.
“First off the taco bowl thing was amazing because it's the worst way to eat a taco,” said Kindelsperger, before adding more seriously, “It's a totally commodified version of Mexican cuisine. The tweet had such subtle racist tones that were just impossible to ignore.”
Rick Phillips, founder of the Arizona-based National Taco Association, a membership organization dedicated to promoting “the taco lifestyle” with the tagline “from beach to barrio,” reasoned that because the taco “crosses all demographics and social statuses,” it was an easy fight to take on.
“When you insult taco trucks everybody now is onboard,” said Phillips. “Its not a Mexican thing, you're insulting my food.”
After the ground beef had died down a bit, just four months later a Trump supporter likened taco trucks to total Mexican cultural domination of the United States.
“My culture is a very dominant culture, and it's imposing — and it's causing problems,” said Marco Gutierrez of Latinos for Trump on MSNBC in September. “If you don't do something about it, you're going to have taco trucks on every corner.”
It was a double-take moment that backfired into a popular meme. The idea of conveniently located cheap street food went over pretty well with most Americans — or at least the ones on Twitter.
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton greets people at Tacos El Gordo in Las Vegas on Oct. 12. (Lucy Nicholson/Reuters)
Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, even took a bite, telling the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute, “I personally think a taco truck on every corner sounds absolutely delicious.”
Once again tacos — whether you love them or loathe them — had made their way into the national conversation. But why?
“I feel like tacos, they're right there at the top of everyone's brain,” said Bettina Stern, co-owner of Georgetown's seasonal taco shop Chaia. “I mean who doesn't like a taco?”
According to Stern, the taco is the great culinary equalizer. It's an everyman food. “Tacos have a universal appeal whether you're a Democrat or a Republican,” she said. Kindelsperger, who compared the increasingly ubiquitous taco of today to the once foreign hot dog of yesteryear, took it a step further: “It's food that embraces diversity.”
But not every side sees it that way.
“Tacos are used as a pejorative on one side and on the other they're used as an incredible positive,” said Kindelsperger, who also writes about food for the Chicago Tribune. “There's no in-between, you're either for or against, which reflects society quite accurately at the moment.”
And that leads us to today, less than one week before the presidential election, which just happens to be the day of the week that Mexican restaurants across the country celebrate the taco with deep discounts.
Speaking at a campaign stop in Ohio on Wednesday, President Obama told attendees they should be as excited about voting for Clinton as they were about Taco Bell's free taco promotion tied to the World Series.
“If you can find the time to get a free taco, then you can find the time to go vote,” Obama told the crowd. “You can vote and then go get your taco. It's like a combo meal.”
Digital Extreme's Warframe is one of the most popular games the media never talks about. It has millions of concurrent players, keeps lots of fresh new content rolling in and has one of the most awesome sci-fi fantasy stories out there. Well, there's some bleed over taking place where the actual Warframes are appearing in other games as modded content. Case in point: Dead or Alive 5: Last Round.
Modder mohamedelkordy129 recently released an Empire Prime conversion mod that replaces Hitomi in Dead or Alive 5: Last Round. The mod is a freshly released piece of content that turns the buxom fighter into a dangerous alien space ninja.
You can check out the image below to see what the full model conversion looks like.
The mod is rather tiny, clocking in at just 2.6MB. It's a RAR file so you just download it and install the mod just like you would the other mods for Dead or Alive 5: Last Round.
You can download the mod right now from over on DeviantArt.com.
But that's not all.
Mohamed also has a few other Warframe mods worth checking out. For instance, there's a mod that turns Hayate into Excalibur, and a mod that turns Mila into Mag. You can see a demonstration video of the other Warframes in action below, courtesy of Frank Leo.
It's pretty cool that he included the music from Waframe. I also must say that Excalibur fits the fighting style of Hayate perfectly. In fact, I actually think the Warframes look cooler in Dead or Alive 5 using the character moves than the original characters do in Dead or Alive 5.
Anyway, you can download the Hayate conversion mod for Excalibur from DeviantArt, along with the Mag mod, which is also available on the download page.
A free-to-play version of Dead or Alive 5: Last Round is available right now on PC along with the standard full edition.
EarthTimelapse Much of the world is making great leaps in technology, security, and public health. But some cities are getting left behind.
In these distressed urban areas, the unemployment rate is high, equality is low, healthcare and safety are poor, and people fear for their life on a daily basis, wondering whether the government will ever step in to help.
Robert Muggah, a global security expert and research director at the think tank Igarapé Institute, has found 11 such factors that collectively make a city vulnerable to societal or economic collapse. Muggah calls this "fragility."
Using data from United Nations University, the World Economic Forum, and SecDev, Muggah has created a dynamic picture of where the most fragile cities are located. Small blue dots represent stable cities. Large red ones are the most fragile.
Here are the cities that are most likely to fall apart.
Having dense breasts can be the biggest risk factor of breast cancer in women – more so than all other known risk factors like obesity and family history, a recent University of California study reveals.
According to researchers, women's whose breasts have more glandular tissue rather than fat are twice as likely to develop the cancer.
(The University of Leeds defines glandular tissue as a mix of two types of glands: endocrine and exocrine. Endocrine glands are ductless that secrete hormones into the blood. Exocrine glands have ducts and secrete hormones onto surfaces.)
Researchers assessed risk factors in over 200,000 women between the ages of 40 and 74 who were enrolled in the Breast Cancer Surveillance Consortium, a research initiative designed to monitor the quality of breast cancer screening.
READ MORE: Here's the ‘trick' that led one woman to finding her breast cancer
Of the 200,000 plus women, over 18,400 had breast cancer in various stages, while about 184,000 did not.
Breast density was recorded for each woman according to the four categories outlined by the American College of Radiology's Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS). Category A are breast made up mostly of fat; category B are breasts with scattered dense tissue but mostly fat; category C are breasts with moderately dense tissues and category D, which are breasts that are made up of at least 75 per cent dense tissue.
The results showed that breast density is the most prevalent risk factor for both pre-menopausal and post-menopausal women.
They also found that over 39 per cent of breast cancers in pre-menopausal women and over 26 per cent in post-menopausal women could have potentially been prevented if all women with higher breast density were shifted to lower-density BI-RADS category B.
But what surprised co-author Dr. Karla Kerlikowske the most was something the majority of women had in common.
“[I was surprised that] 90 per cent of women diagnosed with breast cancer have at least one of the risk factor we studied, which means if we use risk models with these factors, we should be able to predict who will get breast cancer,” she says.
According to researchers, the risk is due to the high cellular content of dense tissue and interaction between cells that line the mammary ducts and surrounding tissue. And because both tissue and cancer show up as white on mammograms, it's hard for radiologists to identify malignancy in dense tissue than in fat (which appears dark).
Risk factors that are commonly known to be linked to breast cancer, like first full-term pregnancy over 30 years of age, only account for less than 10 per cent of the cases in the population, the study found.
Having high BMI
Women with high BMI typically have lower breast density, researchers note. However, age is a strong element of breast density as well.
“There is a high proportion of glandular and stroma tissue in pre-menopausal women and as women age it is replaced by fatty tissue,” Kerlikowske says. “However, the degree to which this occurs varies such that older women do have dense breasts.”
Researchers, however, are not saying that carrying extra weight (for the purpose of having fattier breasts) can protect you from the risk since obesity is a risk factor linked to the disease as well.
In fact, researchers found that almost 23 per cent of women with breast cancers in this group could have been avoided if obese and overweight women maintained a body mass index of less than 25 (that translates to 155 lbs. for a woman who stands at 5'6” tall).
Family history
When it comes to those with a history of undergoing benign breast biopsies, only about seven per cent to nine per cent of both pre-menopausal and post-menopausal women with breast cancer accounted for cases of breast cancer diagnoses.
Women with family history of breast cancer only accounted for about eight per cent of cases, and women who gave birth after 30 years of age made up between five and eight per cent of cases.
READ MORE: Overnight shift work and heavy lifting impact women's fertility, study says
“Family history is a strong risk factor but not as prevalent as dense tissue to family history,” Kerlikowske says. “Breast density is both a prevalent and strong risk factor which is why it contributes to the development of the highest proportion of breast cancers in pre- and post-menopausal women.”
For Kerlikowske, it's important that individualized prevention measures are in place, and knowing this new information can help doctors and their patients do just that.
Breast cancer in Canada
According to the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation, the disease will affect at least one in nine Canadian women.
The Canadian Cancer Society estimates that an average of 70 Canadian women is diagnosed with breast cancer every day; an average of 13 dies every day.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among Canadian women and is the second leading cause of death from cancer in Canadian women.
California is now considering a law to require that all new smartphones and tablets become equipped with “kill switches” that would make the devices inoperable.
“Citing skyrocketing thefts of smartphones and tablets, officials proposed Thursday that California become the first state to require the devices to be sold with “kill switches” that render them inoperable when stolen. “… “[State Sen. Mark] Leno said he would propose that all new smartphones and tablets sold in California starting Jan. 1, 2015, have a kill switch or other protective feature.”
Despite the usefulness of thieves, nothing is ever offered without a distinct downside. The downside being that there isn't any technological barrier against phones and tablets being “killed” for whatever reason the companies, or even that state, desire.
During the Arab Spring, the use of cell phones to communicate and organize demonstrated a way people could stand up against their own governments effectivly. Sounds impossible here? The IRS getting away with targeting Tea Party groups and a President suspending the law on a whim seemed impossible once as well.
It is laws like this that will be used to make the rope for us and for liberty. Don't give it to 'em.
A little “Killswitch” mood music:
meta name=”twitter:card” content=”summary_large_image”> Tweet
As usual, ordinary Germans were to blame. Everything had been prepared for the green revolution: fresh supplies and new signs at the gas stations, and the refinery depots were full to the brim with the new wonderfuel. But then drivers turned their backs on the new era. They didn't want to buy E10, a blend of ethanol and gasoline, even through it cost almost 10 cents less per liter than conventional gas.
"It's annoying but there's no question of stopping the sale of E10," said Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen. E10, Röttgen said with a hint of threat in his voice, was a milestone of German climate control policy.
When it comes to the environment these days, all other interests must take a back seat, including possible engine damage from E10. After all, the United Nations has proclaimed that ensuring environmental sustainability is one of its "millennium goals," and greater importance is assigned to climate negotiations among the big industrial nations than to economic summits these days.
All the serious political parties devote large parts of their policy programs to environmental policy. In the coalition deal between Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the pro-business Free Democrats, protecting the climate comes ahead of education and internal security in the list of policy priorities. The government is as committed to promoting the development of electric cars as it is expanding renewable energies and protecting fish stocks in German rivers.
There is no issue that produces such unanimity among the parties. A proposal to increase tax credits for employees led to weeks of political debate, while the 2009 European Union ban on conventional light bulbs was approved without a single debate in parliament. As soon as the word environment is mentioned in any policy initiatives, all discussion becomes redundant.
Great Crested News and 50 Million Euros
And no price seems too high. Germany even spends tens of millions of euros on redirecting roads or building tunnels to protect animal species. Last August, for example, a four kilometer long, 50 million tunnels was approved for a highway in the state of Hesse. The reason? A colony of great crested newts had to be protected.
Germans usually obediently go along with environmental measures, in fact they're a model people when it comes to green living. They carefully sort their rubbish, take their bottles back to the supermarket and put their batteries in special containers. When they were told to have carbon filters fitted to their cars, they did so without complaining. And of course they're at the forefront when it comes to attaching solar panels to their roofs or insulating their homes.
Germans only rarely question environmental policies. The light bulb ban was one example. Most didn't see the need to scrap conventional bulbs when the simplest way to save electricity was just to turn off the light. And Germans have been unusually stubborn about the biofuel E10 -- the name refers to the 10 percent ethanol admixture. They would prefer to pay a few more cents fpr a liter of gas than put their car engines at risk.
Many haven't yet fully realized that E10 is an ecological swindle. People who want to help the environment shouldn't use it. Nine large European environmental associations recently conducted a joint study which concluded that the bottom line impact of the fuel on the environment is negative. Rainforests are being clear-cut in Brazil and Borneo to make room for sugarcane and oil palm cultivation. At the same time there's a shortage of arable land for food production, which is leading to the threat of famine in parts of the world. Last year, the price of grain rose sharply in the global market.
A single full tank of bio-ethanol uses up as much grain as an adult can eat in a whole year. In order to cover the German requirement for biofuel, an arable area of around one million hectares would be needed. That is four times the size of the south-western German state of Saarland, which would need to be fertilized, treated with pesticides and intensively farmed. Environmental groups say that across Europe, farming for biofuels would create up to 56 million tons of additional greenhouse gases -- an environmental crime they say must be stopped immediately.
Diminishing Utility
But it's too late for that. Farming and industry have already made the conversion. Germany has devoted huge tracts of farmland to producing maize (for biogas), rapeseed (for biodiesel) and sugar beet and wheat (for biopetrol).
Not everything that looks green serves the environment. The ecological principle of proceeding with care doesn't seem to apply to environmental policy. The more, the better, seems to be the principle. No one is calculating whether all the billions being invested in protecting the environment are actually being spent wisely. Ordinary citizens can't judge it and many experts have no interest in shedding any light on this aspect because their livelihoods are at stake.
A large amount of money flows into studies, risk assessments and providing seals of approval. In many cases, a closer look at environmental measures reveals that they're expensive and don't have much effect. German environmental standards are so high already that it would require an enormous expense to achieve further improvements -- especially in comparison with less developed nations such as China, India or the former Eastern bloc states.
In economics, it's called the law of diminishing marginal utility. The first glass of water you drink will help a lot to quench your thirst. The second will help a little less and so on. By the 10th glass you will be feeling unpleasantly full or even sick. That's the worst aspect: some major environmental policies aren't just ineffective -- they are counterproductive.
Cosplay Wednesday – The Elder Scrolls Online's Daedric Armor
After what seems like forever, The Elder Scrolls Online is finally making its way to console. As these TV-bound warriors get ready to explore TESO's online world of Tamriel, Gamers Heroes takes a look at a fine cosplay of the game's Daedric armor.
With more than five years' cosplay experience to date, ArsynalProps designed this Daedric armor from scratch. Everything from the breastplate to the helmet was created by him out of Worbla, which is no small feat. Not content with just that armor, he has also crafted Nightingale Armor and a Dwemer Puzzle Cube. He truly is a modern-day blacksmith.
You can find ArsynalProps on DeviantArt here.
Do you enjoy a bit of gaming cosplay? Or maybe you're passionate enough to do it full time. Drop me a line at [email protected] and we'll feature some of your cosplay.
23 February 2015 | Shopaholic35
7 | Even better than I expected.
This is an absolute gem of a crime thriller. I was a little surprised at first when I watched it because the trailers made it out to seem like a horror movie but nevertheless it was really good. It didn't feel "done before" at all and kept you guessing as to what would happen next. Right in the middle you have this massive OMG didn't see that coming moment and it changes the whole overtone. Sure there were a couple of small flaws but what do you expect from a low budget movie. It didn't need expensive tricks and effects as it instead relied on a strong story and talented cast. Speaking of which, Jessica Biel is such an underrated actress as she does a fantastic job in this movie. She is incredibly believable in the role and really immerses herself in the character.
So ignore all the haters on this one as it has so much to offer. By the end you will realise that this movie is so much more than its synopsis and I promise that you will really enjoy it.
The Temple Mount Sifting Project has recovered more than a hundred geometrically cut and polished stone tiles known as opus sectile, from which we learn how Jerusalem's majestic Herodian Temple Mount was paved.
Opus sectile—Latin for “cut work”—is a technique for paving floors and walls in geometric patterns or figurative scenes using meticulously cut and polished polychrome stone tiles.1 These tiles were crafted and laid with such precision that there was hardly space to insert a knife-blade between them. Opus sectile floors were more prestigious than mosaic ones and were typically used in more important areas of buildings. Along with using frescoed walls, stucco decorations and elegantly carved columns, King Herod the Great (r. 37–4 B.C.E.) introduced this paving technique to Israel to decorate many of his palaces, including Masada, Jericho, Herodium and Cypros.
The first-century C.E. Jewish historian Flavius Josephus comments about the pavements in Herod's Palace in Jerusalem this way: “The interior fittings are indescribable—the variety of the stones (for species rare in every other country were here collected in abundance).”2 Similarly, about the Temple Mount he writes, “The open court [of the Temple Mount] was from end to end variegated with paving of all manner of stones.”3 In his early research at the Sifting Project, Assaf Avraham was able to identify specific paving tiles found in the Temple Mount material as being consistent with the opus sectile technique, and he suggested that some of these may be the paving stones to which Josephus was referring.4 Continued research has allowed us to distinguish the time period in which many of the recovered opus sectile tiles were crafted and to mathematically reconstruct possible floor patterns.
Roman tiles can be distinguished from others found at the Sifting Project—Byzantine, Crusader and Islamic—by careful analysis of the size, shape, material, color and craftsmanship of each tile. A key characteristic of Herodian tiles is the size, which is based on the Roman foot, 11.6 inches. In the floor patterns, each tile was surrounded by tiles of contrasting colors. Dark tiles were frequently made from bituminous chalk (bitumen) quarried locally just northwest of the Dead Sea, around Nebi Musa. Some of the contrasting light-colored tiles were made from local limestone and calcite-alabaster, while others were made of imported alabaster, africano, breccia coralline, breccia di Aleppo, breccia di Settebasi, giallo antico, pavonazzetto and portasanta from Greece, Asia Minor, Tunisia and Egypt.
Jerusalem lies at the heart of Biblical archaeology. In the free eBook Jerusalem Archaeology: Exposing the Biblical City, learn about the latest finds in the Biblical world's most vibrant city.
Some opus sectile patterns popular in the Roman world during the first century B.C.E. and the first century C.E. are shown here. These give us some idea of what the flooring on the Temple Mount looked like.
Two blocks comprising four squares arranged in a diamond design in each block have been reconstructed with tiles and tile fragments from the Temple Mount (below left and center).
Eight-pointed-stars popular in Roman patterns appear to have been depicted on the Temple Mount. This pattern features an octagonal central tile surrounded by small black triangles and contrasting-colored squares and triangles (above right).
Several Herodian floors use the specifically shaped “Herod's triangle”—a triangle whose base is equal to its height, like a triangle constructed inside a square. This triangle with the unusual corner angles of 52°-64°-64° was very common in Herodian patterns but was rarely seen in floors elsewhere in the Roman world. When used in a pattern, the Herod's triangles cause adjacent tiles to also have unusual, but mathematically recognizable, corner angles.
On the Temple Mount, this Herod's triangle appears to have been used in a way similar to what we find at some of Herod's palaces. The Temple Mount's triangular tiles each have a base and height of 1 Roman foot (below right, top).
Several smaller Herod's triangles made of black bitumen were found in the Temple Mount material and may have been used in the popular Roman pinwheel pattern (above, left).
Herod's triangles can be used to generate fascinating designs. For example, if four Herod's triangles are drawn inside a 1-Roman-foot square, this creates a versatile template from which to generate several tile patterns. By adding a small square in the center, variations of a popularly used four-pointed-star pattern can be produced, as shown (above right, bottom).
This is just a sample of the opus sectile patterns used on the Temple Mount. Several other complete bitumen opus sectile tiles with dimensions based on the Roman foot have been found in the Sifting Project. Further research may help us understand how these tiles were used in Temple Mount floor patterns.
Opus sectile floors were typically used as pavements in enclosed areas or where a roof would protect them from damage by inclement weather. Huge open or uncovered areas may have been paved with simple large tiles that would have not been affected by the weather, and the Sifting Project has recovered many tiles and fragments that could have been part of these large paving tiles. The roofed, open-air southern basilica-type Royal Stoa that served as a gathering area for visitors to the Temple Mount and for other civic functions would have been a perfect location for opus sectile floors. Josephus tells us that the Royal Stoa was about 100 feet wide and 650 feet long—and that its ornate architecture was “more noteworthy than any under the sun.”
The covered porticoes that surrounded the eastern, northern and western sides of the esplanade may also have had opus sectile floors. Above all, opus sectile pavements may have been used inside the Temple itself.
Once the Temple and its courtyards were destroyed by the Romans, the opus sectile tiles would have been easily looted for use in other buildings. Any tiles made of imported marble or marble-like materials would have been highly prized.6
Although the Temple and its courtyards were destroyed almost 2,000 years ago, the fact that we have some of the very tiles that were originally used to pave the floors of the Herodian Temple Mount offers us a unique perspective into the ornate architecture of this extraordinary edifice.
“What the Temple Mount Floor Looked Like” by Frankie Snyder, Gabriel Barkay and Zachi Dvira originally appeared in Biblical Archaeology Review, November/December 2016. The article was first republished in Bible History Daily on October 24, 2016.
Notes:
a. See Gabriel Barkay and Zachi Dvira, “Relics in Rubble: The Temple Mount Sifting Project,” Biblical Archaeology Review, November/December 2016.
1. Katherine M.D. Dunbabin, Mosaics of the Greek and Roman World (Cambridge: Cambridge Univ. Press, 1999), pp. 254–264.
2. Josephus, The Jewish War, V.178, trans. by H. St. John Thackeray, Loeb Classical Library 210 (Cambridge, MA: Harvard Univ. Press, 1928).
3. Josephus, War, V.192–193.
4. Assaf Avraham, “Addressing the Issue of Temple Mount Pavements During the Herodian Period,” in Avraham Faust and Eyal Baruch, eds., New Studies on Jerusalem 13 (Ramat Gan: Bar-Ilan University, 2007), pp. 87–96 (Hebrew), English abstract, pp. 22*–23*.
5. Josephus, Jewish Antiquities, XV.412, trans. by Ralph Marcus and Allen Wikgren, Loeb Classical Library 489 (Cambridge, MA: Harvard Univ. Press, 1943).
6. James A. Harrell, Lorenzo Lazzarini and Mathias Bruno, “Reuse of Roman Ornamental Stones in Medieval Cairo, Egypt,” in Lorenzo Lazzarini, ed., ASMOSIA 6: Interdisciplinary Studies on Ancient Stone: Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference of the Association for the Study of Marble and Other Stones in Antiquity, Venice, June 15–18, 2000 (Padova: Bottega d'Erasmo, 2002), pp. 89–96.
More on Temple Mount Sifting Project Discoveries in Bible History Daily:
Sifting Antiquity on the Temple Mount Sifting Project
Tenth-Century B.C. Stone Seal Discovered by the Temple Mount Sifting Project
Amulet with Cartouche of Thutmose III Discovered in Jerusalem
How Ancient Taxes Were Collected Under King Manasseh
More on Temple Mount history in Bible History Daily:
Searching for the Temple of King Solomon
The Stones of Herod's Temple Reveal Temple Mount History
What Did Herod's Temple in Jerusalem Look Like?
The Temple Mount in the Herodian Period (37 BC–70 A.D.) by Leen Ritmeyer
Contested Temple Mount History?
Herod's Temple Mount Revealed in Al-Aqsa Mosque Restoration
Ancient Chisel Unearthed at the Western Wall
Study Investigates Western Wall Erosion
Permalink: https://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-sites-places/temple-at-jerusalem/what-the-temple-mount-floor-looked-like/
5 Burning Questions From ‘THE AVENGERS'
‘THE AVENGERS' opening weekend has come and gone, and in its wake are previous box office records that it shattered on its way to claiming the number one spot as the best domestic opening weekend in box office history. According to /Film:
The Walt Disney Studios announced today that Marvel's The Avengers posted an estimated $200.3 million in its domestic debut May 4-6, shattering previous records and positioning the film as the highest-grossing domestic debut of all time. The film's cumulative global box office gross is an estimated $641.8 million over 12 days in release.
What makes this news even better is the fact that the film, itself, was great. It wasn't just a giant, summer blockbuster movie hitting it big at the box office. It was a great film, years in the making that culminated in a funny, smart, and action-packed film. The writing was great, and each actor brought their A-game to their parts. Marvel did it right (you hear that DC and everyone involved with ‘GREEN LANTERN'?!).
As much as I enjoyed the film, I was left with five burning questions from “THE AVENGERS” when I left the theater. Now granted, I've only seen the film once (so far), so maybe upon further viewings some of these questions will be answered or at least mitigated.
5 BURNING QUESTIONS FROM “THE AVENGERS”
1) WASN'T LOKI ALREADY ON EARTH?
In the post-credits scene of ‘THOR,' we saw Dr. Erik Selvig meeting Nick Fury under, what we can assume was, the underground facility of S.H.I.E.L.D. Fury showed Selvig the Tesseract and told him about its unlimited power. In the wall reflection next to Selvig we suddenly saw a brusied and battered Loki step into view. We soon learned that Loki was controlling Selvig's mind, which led me to believe he would use Selvig to gain access to the cube in AVENGERS. However, the opening of AVENGERS showed Loki meeting with the other and receiving the spear before returning to Earth. My question is, how did he travel across space from Earth without the Tesseract or the Bifrost? It seemed a little confusing to me since I assumed he was already on earth to begin with. I figured that was the point of showing him in the ‘THOR' post-credits scene.
2) WHAT DID TONY STARK HAVE TO DO WITH CAPTAIN AMERICA'S SHIELD?
In both ‘IRON MAN and ‘IRON MAN 2' we got glimpses of Captain America's shield in Tony Stark's workroom, more so in the sequel. It looked as though Tony Stark was designing a new upgraded version of the shield for Cap, but we never saw any of his prototypes in AVENGERS. It looked as though Steve Rogers was using the same old shield he used in ‘CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE FIRST AVENGER.' But based on the appearance of the shield in the two IRON MAN movies, I was hoping for a cool new design; maybe lock-on targeting for shield throwing or a retrieval device that calls the shield back if its fallen or thrown somewhere. Marvel had a perfect chance to tie those appearances in with this movie, especially considering that Stark's father, Howard Stark, was in charge of designing Rogers' original shield.
3) HOW DID THOR GET BACK TO EARTH?
It seems there are a lot of questions regarding how the two Asgardians, Thor and Loki, got to Earth. When Thor was stranded on Asgard at the end of ‘THOR,' I, like most people, wondered why Marvel chose to do this. A lot of people said that if Marvel spent any time in AVENGERS bringing Thor back to Earth, it would be a waste of precious movie time. Well, fans got their wish, and Thor magically appeared on the wing of the aircraft carrying Loki.
When Loki and Thor had their little exchange shortly thereafter, Loki asked Thor how much dark matter the All-Father (Odin) had to conjure up to send him back to Earth…and that was it. I assumed that Marvel's decision to leave Thor on Asgard was because there was going to be a scene in ‘AVENGERS' devoted to bringing him back. After all, we saw Jane Foster and her team gathering data and star maps at the end of ‘THOR' in an attempt to find him. It would have been nice to see S.H.I.E.L.D. use her research to find another way of opening the portal between Earth and Asgard. Having Thor just appear because of “dark matter” felt like a cop out. How come when Thor asked Heimdel if Earth was lost at the end of ‘THOR' the Asgardian gatekeeper didn't reply, “Fuck no. We got dark matter, baby!”
4) HOW DID THE HULK FINALLY CONTROL HIMSELF?
What made this character great was Mark Ruffalo's interpretation of Bruce Banner. He finally brought a depth to the character we didn't get from Eric Bana and Edward Norton, the two previous actors who portrayed Banner. Ruffalo was the star of the film, I felt, and Marvel would be nuts not to give the Hulk another solo film with Ruffalo leading the way. Having said that, I was torn at the end when Banner returned and became the Hulk to fight alongside the rest of the Avengers. On the one hand, I was amped to finally see the Hulk portrayed as a true hero. Yes, we got that in ‘THE INCREDIBLE HULK,' but I didn't feel as satisfied as as I did this time around. Maybe because in this one we finally saw the Hulk protecting people from a true enemy, whereas in the last film I felt it was more of a cage fight between Hulk and the Abomination. But the one thing I was curious about in this recent film was how the Hulk was finally able to control himself at the end? What stopped him from smashing fellow Avengers like Captain America or Black Widow? I'm not going to harp on this because I loved having the Hulk portrayed as a hero, finally, but it was still something I left the theater wondering.
5) WHAT WAS WITH THE HANNIBAL LECTER MASK?
This is a minor thing, but one I couldn't help wonder about. At the end, when Loki and Thor go back to Asgard, why is Loki wearing a Hannibal-Lecter-type mask? While Loki is the god of mischief, we've seen no evidence in these films that he can cast any spells or curses, so was it just to shut him the fuck up? Most likely. It was a cool mask, but I wasn't sure if it served any purpose other than to look cool.
Now that the opening weekend for ‘THE AVENGERS' has come and gone, it'll be interesting to see if it can hold onto the opening weekend record with the release of ‘THE DARK KNIGHT RISES' just a few months away.
<a href=”http://polldaddy.com/poll/6203788/”>What did you think of THE AVENGERS?</a> CLICK THE LINKS BELOW TO CHECK OUT:
ALL SHOOK UP
MASKING THE BANE
BREAKING DOWN THE FILM: PART II
BIRD WATCHING: ROBIN IN TDKR
The week before last, I noted that Doug Darrell, a 59-year-old Rastafarian who admitted growing marijuana at his home in Barnstead, New Hampshire, had been found not guility of manufacturing a controlled drug after jurors received instructions about their power to acquit even if the prosecution has met its burden of proof. Although Darrell emphasized that he used mariuana as a sacrament and a medicine, one of the jurors recently told the Manchester Union Leader his religion was not a factor in the verdict:
"It was the fact that the system was coming down on a peaceful man, and it wasn't right," said Cathleen Converse, a 57-year-old retired accountant and grandmother who moved to New Hampshire with her husband in 2004 in the first wave of the Free State Project. Converse was one of eight women on the jury that on Sept. 13 used a legal concept known as jury nullification to acquit Darrell, who is 59. What disturbed jurors most was testimony that a Massachusetts National Guard helicopter hovering over Darrell's Barnstead home in 2009 had discovered the marijuana plants he was growing for what was described as religious and medicinal use, said Converse, who also lives in Barnstead. "I was actually appalled," she said. “Because I live nearby, and a military helicopter over his house is over my house, as well.” She said nullification "was in everyone's mind from the beginning."... As a Free Stater, Converse said, she was familiar with jury nullification and "gave a rundown" on the issue.
In an interview with Free Talk Live shortly after the verdict, Converse said:
Mr. Darrell is a peaceful man. He grows for his own personal religious and medicinal use. I knew that my community would be poorer rather than better off had he been convicted.
The rarely heard jury instruction that Converse and her fellow jurors received, which Belknap County Judge James O'Neill gave after Darrell's attorney, Mark Sisti, raised the issue of nullification, goes like this: "Even if you find that the State has proven each and every element of the offense charged beyond a reasonable doubt, you may still find the defendant not guilty if you have a conscientious feeling that a not guilty verdict would be a fair result in this case." Sisti says he hopes the instruction will become more common as a result of a new law, taking effect in January, that explicitly allows a defendant to inform the jury about "It's right to judge the facts and the application of the law in relation to the facts in controversy."
State legislators who support legalizing marijuana argue that the Darrell case should help their cause. "It's going to be slow and take a long time," Rep. Timothy Comerford (R-Fremont) told the Union Leader, "but I think eventually our laws are going to catch up with the public's view on this issue." Rep. Mark Warden (R-Goffstown) likewise said the acquittal "shows we need to start being more open-minded and start reflecting the ideas of our constituents." Sisti noted that widespread jury nullification during alcohol prohibition was a harbinger of repeal as "people decided not to be hypocrites anymore."
[Thanks to Richard Feldman for the link to the second Union Leader story.]
They are about two inches wide, squarish, and five inches tall. They hail from the Toggenburg valley of northeast Switzerland, and they are held in the highest regard by experts around the world.
They are glass bottles used to hold athletes' urine samples, and they are central to the account of a former Russian antidoping official who says that the host country executed an elaborate doping operation at the 2014 Sochi Olympics — imperceptibly switching out drug-tainted urine from the squat containers long thought to be tamper-proof.
“I tried to break into these bottles years ago and couldn't do it,” Don Catlin, the former head of the U.C.L.A. Olympic Analytical Laboratory, said. “It's shocking.”
The bottles, used for testing at the Olympics since the Sydney Games in 2000, are made by Berlinger, a Swiss company founded in 1865 as a mechanical cotton weaving mill. Until this week, they were largely ignored vessels in the global fight against doping.
Potter scribe J.K. Rowling did something truly magical for one lucky fan earlier this week. Moments after 8-year-old Maggie Asher tweeted how much she liked Harry Potter to Rowling's Twitter handle, the author responded to her young fan, saying “Yeah, no shit.”
Ah! So cool!
And Rowling kept going, basically writing another HP book's worth of tweets about how well-aware she is that kids will read pretty much anything she breathes on. When you're ready to love Rowling even more, read the exchange for yourself below!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Can this wonderful woman just live forever, please?
It's awesome to see J.K. Rowling take time out of her life to engage with a fan so thoughtfully. This was something she certainly didn't have to do, and that's exactly why we love her.
In a separate entry, also 21st October, Peter adds: As for POV, one could also say there's a detrimental POV in believing strongly that the Project is completely misguided. While one can have this view and contribute to the article, it does make objectivity difficult. The same would apply to someone who believed strongly in the existence of some kind of global consciousness, whatever that might mean. Any strong POV is not fatal to useful editing, but it does require the editor to be mindful not to express it in edits. In my case, I am undecided as to whether something that might be construed in the end as global consciousness is really responsible for the experimental outcome. That said, I agree with Robert Matthews that the the GCP replication presents a genuine puzzle, but I do not have a strong POV about it. I'm not interested in arguing, however. My arguments are made in the research papers I've had a hand in. If one reads carefully in those papers, one can see that the claims therein have no relation to the claims attributed in the current wiki article to the Project. As for COI, that concern can really only be addressed by assessing the tone of my research - a tedious thought to be sure - and a willingness to believe in good faith. That's asking for too much, I think, so I will simply wish you success on the continuation of the article. -- Preceding unsigned comment added by Pabancel (talk * contribs) 21:23, 21 October 2009 (UTC) Bancel: Robert Matthews citation Matthews wrote a newspaper article on the GCP in Jan 2009. He is one of the few secondary sources that are qualified physicists. His article is thus a useful citation to have in the article. However, the current sentence in the article: Citing the unreliability of significant events to cause statistically significant spikes, Robert Matthews concludes that "The only conclusion to emerge from the Global Consciousness Project so far is that data without a theory is as meaningless as words without a narrative."[21] does not accurately convey his treatment of the GCP. Here is a better representation of his article which reflects his balanced assessment of the GCP Physicist Robert Matthews, writing in early 2009 about the replication experiment, finds that "the GCP is the most sophisticated attempt yet to prove the existence of PK (psychokinetic effects)". He concludes that although "the combined result is spectacular", the statistically weak effect precludes testing individual events, thus impeding any attempt to identify or understand a physical mechanism for the hypothesis. Matthews summarizes his view writing that "The only conclusion to emerge from the Global Consciousness Project so far is that data without a theory is as meaningless as words without a narrative." -- Preceding unsigned comment added by Pabancel (talk * contribs) 17:20, 21 October 2009 (UTC)
The NYPD has released a photo of a man who they believe punched a subway rider in the face on the J train earlier this month and yelled anti-Hispanic statements. According to police, the male victim was riding a J train approaching the Crescent Avenue Station in Brooklyn when he was beaten by a man shouting, "Fucking Mexican, go back to your country."
Police say the assault occurred on Wednesday, March 1st shortly before 5:30 p.m. The attacker broke the victim's nose and fled the Crescent Avenue station on foot. The victim was treated at Interfaith Hospital.
The NYPD Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the incident. Investigators say the suspect is 20-30 years old, approximately 6'3" tall, 240-250lbs who was last seen wearing a gray sweatshirt and gray sweatpants.
Hate crimes citywide rose 55% during the first two months of the year, compared to the same period in 2016, according to the NYPD. The NYPD Hate Crimes Task Force has investigated over 68 bias incidents so far this year, compared to the 44 between January 1st and February 26th 2016. Among other things last week, a Queens woman fought off a man who attacked her with an umbrella while shouting xenophobic threats.
Anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime stoppers website or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577. All calls are strictly confidential.
Boeing Company on Tuesday delivered Air China's first Next-Generation 737-800 (registration B-5518) equipped with the new Boeing Sky Interior.
This aircraft will provide Air China's passengers with an enhanced onboard experience with larger stowage bins and sculpted sidewalls, a LED lighting system with cove lighting and curved architecture and more intuitive passenger service units.
The new interior is the latest improvements to the 737 aircraft. Boeing is working on a package of performance improvements that will reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions by 2 percent.
The improvements will affect the airframe and engine and Boeing is currently testing them. The company expects to implement the improvements in production between mid-2011 and early 2012.
On January 19, Boeing received approval from the Chinese Government for a $19 billion aircraft agreement. The deal included 200 aircraft orders to be delivered over a three-year period.
Boeing jets in China's air travel and cargo system represent more than 50 percent of all commercial jetliners operating in China. Over the next 20 years, Boeing projects that China will need 4,330 new airplanes, worth more than $480 billion.
The first aircraft with the new Boeing Sky Interior was delivered to the United Arab Emirates and the second to Malaysia in November 2010. Flydubai received its improved aircraft in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Malaysia Airlines became the first full-service airline to operate the 737-800 with the new interior. So far, 50 customers have ordered the new Boeing Sky Interior for 1,386 airplanes.
“We have no cash left.”
This was the alarming statement made by Governor Alejandro Padilla of Puerto Rico to the U.S. Senate. The worrying remarks from Padilla certainly seem accurate: Puerto Rico has more than $72 billion worth of debt —almost 100 per cent of its total annual economic output — and an estimated $30 billion shortfall in its state pension fund. Two of its government agencies have already defaulted, and its Development Bank, established to raise living standards on the island, looks almost certain to collapse.
The situation facing the residents of Puerto Rico is simply intolerable. Unemployment is soaring, half of the residents are on medicaid, and the poverty rate is a staggering 45 per cent. Utility bills are out of control, schools are being forced to close down, people are losing their homes, and the government is enforcing exorbitant taxes. Faced with such miserable and dire conditions, it is hardly surprising that Puerto Ricans are fleeing the island and heading to the mainland U.S. in droves.
The parlous condition of Puerto Rico's economy and the misery being experienced by its citizens are the result of the federal minimum wage. Between 1974 and 1983, Puerto Rico was forced by the federal government to increase its minimum wage. This had a devastating impact on the Puerto Rican economy, the consequences of which have now reached crisis point.
Not only did the federal minimum wage result in mass unemployment and migration, it was also a huge contributor to the island's debt crisis. For example, in order to decrease unemployment, the state created more and more jobs in the public sector. The state had to find a way to pay all its extra employees the new minimum wage, so it started issuing bonds to cover its budget shortfalls. As the private sector shrank even more, the state was forced to borrow ever greater amounts in order to deal with its stagnant economy.
Alarmingly, it is not just the poor people of Puerto Rico whose lives are at risk of being ruined. Two-thirds of U.S. pension and retirement funds hold Puerto Rican government and municipal bonds. They would potentially lose billions of dollars if the island defaulted.
All of these serves to illustrate the disastrous consequences of increasing the minimum wage in a manner which is inconsistent with the price of labour as determined by the market. We need to move away from the deluded belief that increasing the federal minimum wage will improve the lives of the poorest and most vulnerable in society. Further increasing the federal minimum wage will have a devastating impact on the U.S. as a whole, and will be particularly catastrophic for poorer states.
Those who eye a nationalist agenda, desiring to finally complete the subjugation of states to mere mid-management levels, have long embraced the notion states are subordinate while the federal government is always supreme.
This idea has been presented long enough many who may consider the idea of states' rights, or powers, stop short when they remember what they have been taught. There are documented instances those who teach state subordination can point to, after all.
Rarely do I present a live seminar on the 9th and 10th Amendments where someone in the audience does not finally raise their hand and ask a question similar to the one above. Sometimes the question is phrased; “Aren't the states subordinate, after all the Constitution says it is the supreme law of the land?” Or if they are well researched on the subject a person may even challenge state rights, or powers, by referring to the words of one of the staunchest defenders of the states, Thomas Jefferson. The question then may sound like; “Thomas Jefferson himself said states, and all governments under the great government, are subordinate so how can you challenge his words?”
No matter how the question is phrased it still comes down to a question of supremacy and subordination. By the founding generation's own understanding, to be subordinate is to be lower in power or subject to higher authority. When progressive nationalists today talk of this, there is an often unspoken ending to their comments on subordination. Those unspoken words enter our mind and skew the very understanding of what the Constitution and other written words are talking about. The unspoken words are ‘in all things' and that is where the argument breaks down while clarity can be found.
The U.S. Constitution does state clearly it is the supreme law of the land, there is no argument there. Also, Thomas Jefferson, in an 1816 letter to Joseph Cabell, did write the following;
“The way to have good and safe government is not to trust it all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to everyone exactly the function he is competent to. Let the National Government be entrusted with the defense of the nation and its foreign and federal relations; the State governments with the civil rights, laws, police, and administration of what concerns the State generally; the counties with the local concerns of the counties, and each ward direct the interests within itself. It is by dividing and subdividing these republics from the great national one down through all its subordinations, until it ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under everyone what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.”
Just like his letter to the Danbury Baptist Association, where the famous phrase regarding a separation of church and state can be found, the comments must be taken in context to clarify understanding. Keep in mind the Constitution, Thomas Jefferson, and all others writing about supreme law and subordination were not referring to all things. What the federal government is supreme in is those areas the states transferred political power to it, the enumerated powers. In addition, an unconstitutional law is not supreme, only laws that are constitutional. The intent was not to create a supreme national government, even though some founders were in favor of such an arrangement it was defeated time and again.
Turn your attention first to the preamble in the Bill of Rights. In the first part of the preamble you will find the following clarifications;
THE Conventions of a number of the States having at the time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed a desire, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added: And as extending the ground of public confidence in the Government, will best insure the beneficent ends of its institution
RESOLVED by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, two thirds of both Houses concurring, that the following Articles be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States, as Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, all or any of which Articles, when ratified by three fourths of the said Legislatures, to be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of the said Constitution; viz.:
ARTICLES in addition to, and Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America, proposed by Congress, and ratified by the Legislatures of the several States, pursuant to the fifth Article of the original Constitution. (Emphasis added)
The states were very concerned about the usurpation of power by the federal government. There was uneasiness and suspicion among many people and espoused by the anti-federalists. It was believed the Constitution could be manipulated in too many ways without the addition of a Bill of Rights and the final amendment ratified by the state conventions was the 10th Amendment. “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States, or to the people.”
In order to be supreme, federal laws must be made pursuant to the Constitution. There are only specific, delegated powers that fall under that supremacy. Beyond those specific powers supremacy defaults to the states or to the people. Our heritage is not built upon a supreme federal government no matter what the structure may look like today and no matter how much progressive nationalists today would like us to believe it is. Study our history and carefully listen to the words of both the founding generations and the modern progressives. Although their arguments can, on the surface, sound as if they are fundamentally correct you will find more often they will not stand the scrutiny of critical thinking.
Google's self-driving car project first came to Austin, Texas in July of last year, marking its first expansion outside of Google's hometown of Mountain View, California. It was a logical next step, considering Austin's forward-thinking political culture and unique environmental challenges (“pedicabs, pickup trucks, and everything in between,” Google said). Now, it appears—thanks to some recently-published FCC documents (via Mark Harris)—that Google has plans to bring the self-driving car program to four more mysterious cities…
Deal: Get Pixelbook at 25% off: $750!
“Authority is needed for continued nationwide testing of transmitters operating in the 76.0-77.0 GHz (76 GHz) band,” the documents say, going on to list the locations that Google is seeking approval to use the band. Besides Mountain View, California, and Austin, TX, (both with a radius of 40 miles from the company's headquarters in each city), there are four more redacted locations. Presumably, Ann Arbor, Michigan could be one of the four new cities, considering it's the city where a large self-driving car test track opened last year. The Google Careers site lists a Self-Driving Car Project Manager opportunity in the area, and it would also conveniently fit above Austin in this list, assuming it's alphabetical.
The renewal of Google's approval for the 76 GHz band is requested to take effect March 1, 2016, according to the documents, but it's unclear when exactly Google will start testing the cars in these locations (although we can assume it will be after that date).
The Obama administration proposed a $4 billion spend a couple of weeks ago to tackle the legal barriers associated with the rollout of self-driving cars, and more recently Daimler's CEO was surprised by Google's car effort and progress after a visit to Silicon Valley. It's clear that Google is aggressively moving the project forward, and with four new cities comes an unthinkable number of new challenges. Seeing that the cars are already scheduled to land in four more cities is a testament to Google's progress, though, and at this rate it probably won't be long—relatively speaking—before you start seeing the cars somewhere near you.
The Romanian hacker known as Guccifer admitted to the FBI that he lied to the public when he said he repeatedly hacked into Hillary Clinton‘s email server in 2013.
Guccifer, real name Marcel Lehel Lazar, told Fox News and NBC News in May 2016 about his alleged hacking. Despite offering no proof, the claim caused a huge stir, including making headline news on some of America's biggest publications.
FBI Director James Comey testified under oath before Congress on Thursday that Guccifer never hacked into Clinton's servers and in fact admitted that he lied.
Following his extradition from Romania, Lazar is now in custody in Alexandria, Virginia, awaiting trial for hacking charges. He's most famous for hacking former President George W. Bush and releasing Bush's paintings.
Mainstream American media took Lazar's word and plastered it across their most prominent outlets. The Daily Dot, along with numerous other security journalists, expressed grave doubt about the claims.
Fox News
The testimony came while Comey was being questioned before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform about his recent decision to not recommend criminal charges against former Secretary of State Clinton, now the presumptive Democratic nominee, or her staff for their use of a private email set-up and handling of classified material during Clinton's tenure at the State Department.
That hearing was often contentious and confrontational.
Guccifer was brought up as a possible breach of security of Clinton's email servers. Comey was not able to say definitively whether foreign governments hacked into those servers and accessed classified materials. He did, however, say that sophisticated hacking attempts against the server were made.
Guccifer's tale appears to be a lie, however, that was promptly and largely uncritically promoted by American media on the wave of the 2016 presidential election.
Correction: Lazar is currently being imprisoned in Alexandria, Virginia, following his extradition from Romania. We regret the error.
Today, Insomniac Games, the developer behind Ratchet & Clank and the upcoming Spider-Man game, released a video statement concerning the executive order that President Donald Trump issued that barred visitors, refugees, immigrants, green card holders from seven Middle Eastern countries from entering or traveling to the United States.
In the video, founder Ted Price stands in front of his team at the Burbank studio to issue the statement:
We at Insomniac Games stand united in strongly opposing President Trump's immigration ban. There's no question that these orders will harm us as a company and many of our team members. So we ask: is this the American way? Is discriminating based on religious faith or national origin American?
Absolutely not.
This is a deplorable, discriminatory act that we, and many others across the nation, believe is patently unconstitutional. We have been, are, and will always be a nation of immigrants.
You can watch the statement in full right here:
[View: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2485MmEBwI:610:343]
Earlier today, the ESA also issued a statement on the immigration ban.
Our Take
Two statements against the ban in one day. I wonder how many more we'll see rise from the industry in the weeks to come.
Croatia pipped Spain to first place in Group D at Euro 2016 after Ivan Perisic struck a late winner in a 2-1 victory on Tuesday.
ADVERTISING Read more
Croatia goalkeeper Danijel Subasic saved a second-half penalty from Sergio Ramos after Nikola Kalinic had cancelled out Alvaro Morata's early opener on the stroke of half-time.
Turkey must wait to see if they qualify for the tournament's knockout stages after beating the Czech Republic 2-0 in Lens.
Burak Yilmaz volleyed Turkey into a 10th-minute lead in Lens with Ozan Tufan lashing home a second on 65 minutes to give Turkey their first points of the tournament.
Turkey's victory ensured that Northern Ireland, who lost 1-0 to Germany earlier, go through to the knockout phase as one of the four best third-place teams.
(AFP)
Perhaps the most despised head of state in the world, North Korea's Supreme Leader Kim-Jong Un will soon star in a video game in which he takes on the entire American military as they try to invade his isolationist nation. With the aid of his flaming unicorn and ex-NBA superstar Dennis Rodman, the capitalist pigs have no chance against the Glorious Leader!
What seemingly sounds like a really silly game on paper that a talented developer could throw together over a quick weekend is actually so much more. Glorious Leader is Moneyhorse Games' hilarious spoof of how North Korea's dynasty of leaders actually portrays itself to its subjects: a one-man fighting force capable of taking on the capitalist machine which pollutes the world.
Of course, the leader would never be an aggressor upon other nations and is defending the honor of his nation by stopping an invasion.
Glorious Leader is home to burning American flags, American tanks falling to the power of a tiny North Korean machine gun, Dennis Rodman's “basketball diplomacy,” and great recreations of Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-Il's presidential statues in retro arcade pixel art.
Backed by its insensitive themes, Glorious Leader has a great sense of 1980s style arcade run ‘n gunners reminiscent of classics like Contra, and it will soon be available for PC and mobile phones.
Steve Reevis, an actor known for playing Shep Proudfoot in the Coen brothers' Fargo and also appeared in the Best Picture Oscar winner Dances With Wolves, died unexpectedly on December 7 of unknown causes while at home on the Blackfeet reservation in Montana. He was 55.
Reevis is a member of the Blackfoot tribe and had his first role in film as a stunt rider in the 1987 film War Party. He went on to appear in many films including Geronimo, Last of the Dogmen, Twins, The Doors, Wild Bill, Crazy Horse, Texas Ranger and the 2005 remake of The Longest Yard. His television credits include the mini-series Into the West, JAG, Walker, Texas Ranger and many others.
In 1996's Fargo, Reevis played the mechanic whose criminal past led his boss, car dealer Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy), to ask where he could find someone to kidnap his wife. He later attacks Carl Showalter (Steve Buscemi) and others in a motel room before going on the lam.
Reevis had a nonspeaking role as a Cheyenne warrior in Dances with Wolves starring Kevin Costner.
His roles in Crazy Horse and Fargo earned him an award from First Americans in the Arts in 1996. He continued to receive many accolades throughout his acting career.
Reevis is survived by his wife, Macile, and four children.
For larger versions of this map, visit Climate.gov
For those of you dreaming of a white Christmas, this map depicts which places have the best chance of being a winter wonderland according to weather history. The “Historical Probability of a White Christmas” map shows the climatological probability of at least 1 inch of snow being on the ground on December 25 in the contiguous United States. On the map, dark gray shows places where the probability is less than 10 percent, while white shows probabilities greater than 90 percent.
Where does history say you should be in the Lower 48 for the best chance of seeing a white Christmas? Most of Idaho, Minnesota, Maine, Upstate New York, the Allegheny Mountains of Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and, of course, the Rockies and the Sierra Nevada Mountains all have a high probability of seeing a white Christmas. And, Aspen, Colorado, is just one of about a dozen locations boasting a 100% historical probability of seeing a white Christmas.
This map is based on the 1981–2010 Climate Normals, which are the latest three-decade averages of several climatological measurements. This dataset contains daily and monthly Normals of temperature, precipitation, snowfall, heating and cooling degree days, frost/freeze dates, and growing degree days calculated from observations at approximately 9,800 stations operated by NOAA's National Weather Service. You can find the Climate Normals for locations near you by using NCDC's interactive map or search tool.
While the map shows the climatological probability of snow-covered ground on December 25, the actual conditions this year may vary widely from these probabilities because the weather patterns present will determine if there is snow on the ground or if snow will fall on Christmas Day. These probabilities are useful as a guide only to show where snow on the ground is more likely. For prediction of your actual weather conditions, check out your local forecast at Weather.gov within seven days of Christmas.
If you would like to keep track of the snowfall across the United States on a daily basis, see the National Operational Hydrologic Remote Sensing Center's National Snow Analyses.
For a more detailed assessment of the probability of a white Christmas as well as documentation of the methodology used to calculate the map's underlying climatological statistics, see our scientists' paper, White Christmas? An Application of NOAA's 1981-2010 Daily Normals, published in the Bulletin of the American Metrological Society. And, download our spreadsheet to see the full list of stations and their probabilities.
Check out an interactive version of the Historical Probability of a White Christmas map.
First-time buyers will get help from the Government in a new tax-refund-based scheme to be announced in the Budget.
First-time buyers will get help from the Government in a new tax-refund-based scheme to be announced in the Budget.
The measure is aimed at helping people who are struggling to get on the property ladder due to Central Bank mortgage lending restrictions.
The new first-time buyers' grant will be "very generous", according to Government figures involved in the preparation of the Budget. However, it will not be similar to a UK scheme, which sees the State take an equity share in the house.
The Help-To-Buy scheme will involve up-front tax repayments to buyers. The precise details and cost are still being worked out ahead of October's Budget.
Finance Minister Michael Noonan is also wary about ensuring the scheme will not interfere with either the supply of, or demand for, housing.
The scheme will form part of the new housing action plan, which Housing Minister Simon Coveney will publish tomorrow.
Strategy: Housing Minister Simon Coveney
Among the measures is a new law to protect tenants when their accommodation is sold.
This follows the eviction of tenants in Tyrrelstown, Dublin when their complex was being sold to a vulture fund.
Irish Independent
Image copyright Getty Images
Harvard University has suspended its men's soccer team after players made sexual comments about members of the women's team.
A document uncovered by Harvard's student newspaper included ratings of the attractiveness of female players as well as sexually explicit comments.
University President Drew Faust called the behaviour "appalling".
The team, currently in first place in the Ivy League, will forfeit the rest of its games this season.
In what reports indicate may be a yearly tradition, male soccer players at Harvard circulated documents with pictures of their female counterparts, rating their attractiveness from one to 10 and giving reasons for their decisions.
They also noted which sexual position they thought the women in question would prefer.
Until recently, the Harvard Crimson newspaper reports, documents from 2012 were publicly accessible through a former team's Google Group.
'Not isolated'
Ms Faust said an investigation had found that the practice had continued to the current season.
She wrote that she "was deeply distressed to learn that the appalling actions of the 2012 men's soccer team were not isolated to one year or the actions of a few individuals".
Ms Faust added in a statement: "The decision to cancel a season is serious and consequential, and reflects Harvard's view that both the team's behaviour and the failure to be forthcoming when initially questioned are completely unacceptable, have no place at Harvard, and run counter to the mutual respect that is a core value of our community."
US college sexism and 'rape culture'
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Pop Up investigates
The discovery of sexually explicit comments made by male Harvard athletes is at the milder end of what has been dubbed US college "rape culture".
Banners regularly appear at the beginning of the academic year bearing slogans such as: "Rowdy and fun. Hope your baby girl is ready for a good time".
Studies have found that members of US college fraternities are three times more likely to commit rape than other male students while members of sororities were 74% more likely to experience sexual assault.
Past scandals include an email sent around one fraternity entitled "Luring your rapebait" and fraternity members chanting "No means yes".
The most recent case involved a Stanford University swimming champion who sexually assaulted an unconscious female student before being jailed for six months - a term condemned by many as too short.
Will Stanford sexual assault case silence future victims?
BBC Pop Up: Fraternity culture and stopping college rape
Last week after the original story came out, the female players in question said they were "appalled that female athletes who are told to feel empowered and proud of their abilities are so regularly reduced to a physical appearance".
In an opinion piece published in the Crimson, they said: "More than anything, we are frustrated that this is a reality that all women have faced in the past and will continue to face throughout their lives."
The university's director of athletics, Robert Scalise, said: "It's very disappointing and disturbing that people are doing this.
"Any time a member of our community says things about other people who are in our community that are disparaging, it takes away from the potential for creating the kind of learning environment that we'd like to have here at Harvard."
The men's soccer coach Pieter Lehrer wrote in a statement to the Crimson that the team was "beyond disappointed that our season has ended in this way, but we respect the decision made by our administration".
Apple's diversity chief is stepping down after only six months on the job — after causing an outcry by saying that being a minority or a woman are not the only criteria for diversity, according to reports.
Denise Young Smith, who was named vice president of diversity and inclusion in May, made controversial comments last month during a One Young World Summit in Bogotá, Colombia.
“There can be 12 white, blue-eyed, blond men in a room and they're going to be diverse too because they're going to bring a different life experience and life perspective to the conversation,” the inaugural diversity chief said.
“Diversity is the human experience,” she said, according to Quartz. “I get a little bit frustrated when diversity or the term diversity is tagged to the people of color, or the women, or the LGBT.”
Her comments appeared to defend Apple's overwhelmingly white and male leadership at a time when the company's makeup is markedly uneven.
The 20-year Apple veteran, who previously served as the company's head of worldwide human resources, later apologized for her remarks, telling the staff that they “were not representative of how I think about diversity or how Apple sees it.”
“For that, I'm sorry,” she said in an email. “More importantly, I want to assure you Apple's view and our dedication to diversity has not changed.”
Smith will leave the company at the end of the year, TechCrunch reported. Taking over as VP of inclusion and diversity will be Christie Smith, who spent 17 years as a principal at Deloitte.
“We deeply believe that diversity drives innovation,” an Apple spokesman told TechCrunch in a statement. “We're thrilled to welcome an accomplished leader like Christie Smith to help us continue the progress we've made toward a more diverse workplace.”
Unlike her predecessor, Christie Smith will not report directly to CEO Tim Cook, but rather to human resources chief Deirdre O'Brien, according to Fortune.
In 2017, only 3 percent of Apple's leaders were black, and women held just 23 percent of tech jobs, according to Fortune. Female leadership stood at 29 percent, Apple said.
“Meaningful change takes time,” the company said in its diversity report. “We're proud of our accomplishments, but we have much more work to do.”
© (AP Photo/Bruce Smith, File) FILE - In this March 20, 2014, file photo, a container ship makes its way into the Port of Charleston in Charleston, S.C.
June 15 (Reuters) - A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted, the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday, after investigating a threat of a "dirty bomb" on a container ship.
It said the "original reporting source of the threat" had been detained for questioning.
Law enforcement agents scanned four containers aboard the Maersk Memphis ship in the Wando Terminal after reports of a "potential threat" on Wednesday, the Coast Guard said.
Maersk Line, the world's biggest container shipping company, said the U.S. Coast Guard had informed it of a threat of a dirty bomb aboard one of its vessels. It said all crew members were safe and ashore.
"Unified Command determines no existing threat to the port. Terminal will reopen and safety zone has been lifted," the U.S. Coast Guard said on Twitter.
The Maersk Memphis, a 300-meter vessel, arrived in South Carolina from New York at about 7:30 p.m, according to Reuters data. About half an hour later, authorities were made aware of the potential threat and evacuated the terminal, the Coast Guard said.
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Paul Tait and Janet Lawrence)
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
When it comes to the Trump-Russia scandal, most congressional Republicans would rather run away from reporters than talk about this controversy, let alone take any action.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan routinely duck questions about the matter. The GOPers chairing the House and Senate intelligence committees had to be pressured to mount investigations of the contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials (and it's unclear how thorough these probes will be). Republicans who chair other committees that could dig into parts of this story—say, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), the ever-ready-to-investigate-Democrats chair of the House oversight committee—trudge along in nothing-to-see-here mode. True, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), and Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) have called for a robust inquiry, and Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) recently said it's time for a special prosecutor (and then on Monday backtracked). Generally, though, the Republican Party has fiercely ignored the Trump-Moscow connection.
But now House Democrats have devised a plan to put Republicans on the spot, and their scheme kicks in this week.
“They are trying to aid and abet a cover-up by limiting debate…Using extreme measures to stop this inquiry is collusion.”
It started February 9, when Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-N.Y.) introduced in the House what's known as a resolution of inquiry. This measure requested that Attorney General Jeff Sessions share with the House information the Justice Department (including the FBI) possesses related to several issues: any investigations of Trump associates' interactions with a foreign power; any investment by a foreign government or agent in an entity wholly or partly owned by Donald Trump; and any financial conflicts of interest affecting Trump. This legislation would cover information the FBI might have gathered on recently departed national security adviser Michael Flynn and Trump campaign associates Paul Manafort, Carter Page, and Roger Stone.
The minority party in the House has little ability to pass legislation or shape debates. But a resolution of inquiry is special. Under House rules, it must be considered by the relevant committee. If not, within 14 business days it goes straight to the House floor for debate and a vote. With his move, Nadler was forcing Republicans to vote on whether information related to the Trump-Russia connection and the president's financial conflicts should be made available to House members.
The GOPers did have a choice in how they could respond. They could refer Nadler's measure to the judiciary committee, where the Republican majority would presumably vote it down. Or they could let it go to the House floor, where Republicans would also presumably vote it down.
The difference? If a resolution of inquiry is kicked to a committee, there must, under the rules, be a debate prior to the vote. That would mean that Democrats on the committee, including Nadler, would have a high-profile platform for posing uncomfortable questions to the Republicans before compelling them to vote on all this stuff.
If, on the other hand, a resolution of inquiry is sent to the House floor, the Republican leadership can suppress any debate, but a much larger number of Republicans would then have to vote on the proposal. In this case, that would entail going on record as protecting Trump on these dicey fronts. Either way, Nadler would force some Republicans to take an uncomfortable vote.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) eventually decided it would be better for the GOP to bottle up the resolution in the judiciary committee. Late last week, the Republicans notified Nadler that the resolution would be considered by the committee on Tuesday, while the committee would also be deliberating on two medical malpractice bills, on the day Trump would be addressing Congress and dominating the news.
What's more, the Republicans cooked up a nifty plan to limit Nadler's ability to mount a full-scale debate on the interactions between Trump associates and Russia. Nadler heard that the chair of the committee, Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), intended to submit as a substitute for his bill an amendment that would be identical to Nadler's measure. Identical? Why would that help the Republicans? With this maneuver, Goodlatte might be able to control the debate on the resolution and only allow Nadler five minutes of speaking time while preventing the other 16 Democrats on the committee from participating in the debate. Committee Republicans would still have to vote on the resolution. But the Democrats would not get as much of a P.R. boost.
“They are trying to aid and abet a cover-up by limiting debate,” Nadler tells me. “This is highly irregular and maybe unprecedented. We know the Russians tried to influence the election. And we know now officials of the Trump campaign were in contact with Russians…Using extreme measures to stop this inquiry is collusion.”
Even if Goodlatte succeeds in quashing debate, the committee's GOP members will still have to go on record as opposing or supporting the resolution of inquiry. Yet from the GOP perspective, the potential damage will be limited, with no other lawmakers outside the committee having to vote against the resolution. (The Republicans on the judiciary committee tend to be from conservative districts and hold safe seats.)
Whatever happens on Tuesday, Nadler says this won't be the end of his plot. He notes that additional resolutions of inquiry can be introduced that would be designed to land in other committees. That would force other Republicans to vote on the Trump controversies. Nadler vows he will do all he can to keep House Republicans on the hot seat regarding Trump's Russia scandal and his financial conflicts. Which means this congressional version of hide-and-seek may well continue.
UPDATE: On Tuesday, the House judiciary committee, divided along party lines, voted down Nadler's resolution of inquiry 18-16. Politico reports, “House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) called the resolution ‘unnecessary, premature' and driven by politics. Instead, he said Republican members of the committee are drafting a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions requesting his voluntary cooperation in any investigation related to Russia and Trump's business conflicts.” Chaffetz and Issa also voted against the measure. During the debate, Nadler said, “Each day, more questions arise concerning President Trump's foreign business entanglements and his inexplicably cozy relationship with Russia. Each day, Democrats on this Committee, and on other committees, have requested hearings and investigations into these serious issues. And yet, each day, with a few exceptions, we have been met with a deafening silence from our Republican colleagues.”
OTTAWA — The federal government barely recorded a surplus for January, as steep falls in corporate tax and GST revenue were offset by a 3% reduction in program spending.
With two months left in the 2008-09 fiscal year, Ottawa has a budget surplus of $496-million, or 95% down from the same year-ago period, according the Department of Finance's monthly Fiscal Monitor publication. The recent budget projected a small deficit for this fiscal year, ending on Tuesday, of $1.1-billion.
For January, Ottawa posted a $37-million surplus, or a 97% drop from the same month a year ago. This was based on revenue of $19.6-billion, down nearly 10% from year ago. The fall was spearheaded by a whopping 44.4% plunge in corporate tax receipts, and a 26.5% decline in GST revenue. Also, personal income tax declined by 1%, which the department said was a result of measures incorporated in the Jan. 27 budget. Revenue from the air travel security fee dropped 7%, based on fewer Canadians travelling.
Expenses for the month, however, dropped slightly, by 3%, to $17.1-billion, based on decreases in spending at certain departments and agencies – in particular at Agriculture Canada. Transfers to individuals and other levels of government, meanwhile, both increased, by 4.7% and 4.9% respectively.
For the 10-month period up to Jan. 31, there is a budget surplus of $496-million, well below the $9.6-billion Ottawa recorded for the year-ago timeframe. Revenue is down 1.7%, powered by a 21% fall in corporate tax receipts and 14.6% less GST cash. Program spending, however, is up 4.7%, on higher transfers to households and other levels of government.
Parliament's independent budget watchdog suggested this week the economy would contract 8.5% in the first quarter – which could translate into further drops in revenue for the last two months of this fiscal year, and a year-end deficit that is close to the budget projection.
Meanwhile, the Fiscal Monitor noted that in January, Ottawa issued $19-billion of government debt, mainly bonds and treasury bills, to help finance activities, such as efforts to improve credit conditions in financial markets in the midst of a global credit crisis. For the fiscal year up to Jan. 31, Ottawa has issued $89-billion of market debt – whereas in the year-ago period, Finance had removed nearly $30-billion of bonds and treasury bills from the marketplace. The increase also reflects a recent move in which the department took over responsibility for debt issues on behalf of Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp., Business Development Bank of Canada and Farm Credit Canada.
One of the most common complaints I hear from writers is, “I don't know how to make my characters seem realistic!” *cue sad music*
These writers have often tried a variety of character development methods. They might have worksheets and spreadsheets and character interviews. They might know their character's favorite color, most attractive feature, and every moment of their childhood in chronological order. But none of these things create a realistic character.
You might be gasping in terror because you are certain that your character development exercises have helped you, and they probably have. There's nothing wrong with that type of character development.
The problem arises when personality replaces depth.
Now everybody knows that characters have to be deep. But many writers don't know what this actually means (even when they think they do). After all, depth is a pretty intangible concept, right?
Actually, it's not! Which is great news for writers. There are actually four tiers of depth, which you can apply to your character right now. Sound exciting? Let's get started!
Tier One: The Goal
The goal is usually the easiest part of the four tiers. The goal is the thing your character wants. It may be deep or superficial, but it is always tangible. This means it must be possible for the reader to clearly identify when the goal has been achieved.
If the goal is too broad or abstract, the character might feel as if she's running around in circles for no particular reason. This is a problem that will cause the reader to constantly ask why your character is doing what they're doing.
The key to making your character's goal work in your novel, is that the character must be actively pursuing the goal.
For the sake of clarity, let's follow a character through the four tiers. This character is named Lisa and her goal is to get into a great college. Note how getting into college is a tangible goal. The reader will definitely know whether or not the goal is achieved in the end.
We will come back to Lisa later, but for now let's move on to Tier Two.
Tier Two: Motivation
While your character might be motivated to eat a sandwich, go to work, or make their bed in the morning, nobody is going to read a book about your character jumping from superficial motivation to superficial motivation. When we talk about motivation within a novel, we are talking about something much bigger, much deeper, and much harder to convey.
Motivation is your character's desire to achieve a specific emotional state. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone did this in the most “on the nose” way possible with the Mirror of Erised. Harry looks in the mirror and he sees himself with his parents, happy and loved. While Harry never gets his parents back, and your character probably won't get his or her best case scenario either, we can still see that the state Harry wanted to achieve was one of being loved, accepted, and happy.
If your character looked in the mirror of Erised, what would he or she see?
The answer to this question is not just a component of your novel, it's the backbone of the entire story. It is what gets your character to put one foot in front of the other and move towards their goal.
If you don't get motivation right (or if you keep motivation at a level that is too superficial) your character will never ring true.
Let's take a deeper look at motivation.
Motivation Exists Before the Story Starts
This is a very important part of motivation and I would guess that it is the piece of the puzzle most likely to be missed by aspiring writers. Your character's motivation must exist before the start of the story.
Harry didn't suddenly realize he wants to be loved once he got to Hogwarts. He wanted to be loved before his adventure even started. In fact, we can trace those hurt feelings and that sense of isolation all the way back to his infancy.
Motivation and Goals Are Not the Same Thing
The worst mistake a writer can make when thinking about motivation is assuming that goals and motivation are the same thing. They are not.
A goal is something the character wants for emotional reasons.
Motivation is the emotional reason the character wants to achieve that goal.
If you make the mistake of equating goals with motivation, your novel will not hold together. It is impossible to sustain interesting and meaningful conflict across a novel length work with goals alone. Most goals are just too easy to achieve.
A good sign that your novel lacks motivation is if you find you are having to search your brain for obstacles to throw in your character's path in order to make the story take long enough to fill a novel. Replacing your character's motivation with simple goals creates major structural problems in a novel (I'm going to talk more about structuring around characterization later).
Now, let's revisit Lisa, whose goal is to get into college. A writer would have a really hard time sustaining interesting conflict across an entire novel with this goal alone. There simply isn't enough “juice” in that goal to keep things going. Even though Lisa's goal isn't shallow, it's still not deep enough.
So what is Lisa's motivation? Lisa wants to go to college because she wants the acceptance and security that comes with being wealthy and having a good job.
When you focus on motivation, not goal, you open yourself up to a lot more possibilities for conflict. For example, if Lisa is motivated by the security and acceptance of wealth, she might also date a man simply because he's wealthy, she might become suicidal when she fails a class (because now she will be stuck in poverty forever), and she might struggle in her relationships with her family because she believes they could get out of poverty if they tried hard enough.
This character is suddenly starting to feel very real and complex isn't she? Well, we're not done yet!
Tier three: The Deep Dark Belief
Motivations are much deeper and more meaningful than goals, but there's actually something even deeper than motivation, and that is your character's deep dark belief.
Your character's motivation is caused by a particular belief he has about himself, others, or the world around him. This is his deep dark belief.
Let's look at our example above. We know that Lisa wants to go to college (goal) because she wants the security and acceptance that comes with wealth (motivation). But why is Lisa so afraid of poverty? What is her deep dark belief?
Well, Lisa believes that people who live in poverty cannot be accepted by society and aren't as valuable as those with wealth.
Now let's travel even deeper into Lisa's brain…
Tier Four: The Origin of the Deep Dark Belief
The origin of the belief is a profound event in the character's life that led them to develop a particular belief about the world.
This event is usually traumatic in nature and preys on our deepest human fears: abandonment, physical harm, ridicule, rejection, etc.
So let's explore the origin of Lisa's belief. When Lisa was in grade school, her mother abandoned her to marry a rich man. This led Lisa to believe that rich people are more secure and valuable (her deep dark belief), which led her to want to be rich so she can experience that security and value (her motivation), which led her to want desperately to get into a good college (her goal).
So let's recap.
The Four Tiers of Character Depth
In order to write a compelling and realistic character, you must include these four tiers of depth:
1. The Goal: This is the superficial achievement the character is shooting for.
2. The Motivation: This is the emotional reason the character wants to achieve that goal.
3. The Deep Dark Belief: This is the belief that leads the character to the motivation.
4. The Origin of the Belief: This is the event(s) that caused the character to develop their belief.
If you can provide your character with all four tiers of depth, you will almost certainly have a character that rings true for readers, and you will be well on your way to crafting a strong novel.
Homework
For your homework assignment, work on discovering the four tiers of depth in your main character. You might also want to do this for significant side characters. Here are questions to help keep you on track. These questions can be answered in any order. These four pieces need to work together, so start with what you know and build from there.
I am including sample answers to help you better understand the questions.
1. What tangible goal does your character want to achieve?
Tim wants to visit his father's home town to meet his father's surviving relatives.
2. What emotion/feeling motivates your character to achieve this goal?
He is motivated by a deep sense that he doesn't belong anywhere.
3. Why does your character think this goal will satisfy their motivation?
Meeting his father's family will give him a sense that he belongs because they are his flesh and blood.
4. What belief is underlying the emotional motivation of the character?
He believes he can never truly belong anywhere within his adoptive family and that his own flesh and blood are the only people that will truly accept him.
5. What experience/event is underlying the character's belief?
He was treated poorly by his adoptive father who viewed him as a lesser member of the family due to being adopted.
6. Put together what you've written into a single cohesive sentence.
Due to being treated like an outcast by his adoptive father, Tom believes the only way he can ever really belong is by going to his biological father's hometown to meet and connect with his own flesh and blood.
This sounds curiously like the beginning of a query letter, does it not? *wink, wink, nudge, nudge*
In Summary
Creating these four tiers of depth is often the hardest part of the writing process, especially if you developed the plot before developing the character. If this is you, you're now faced with the task of making the characterization fit the plot, which can be time consuming and tricky.
If you struggle with this exercise, don't give up! Once all the pieces click into place, you'll be rewarded with a strong, cohesive novel.
Discussion Question (please discuss in the comment section below):
Which tier do you find most difficult to develop?
This post is a part of Novel Boot Camp. If you don't know what that is, click here.
To get more women into their ranks, many orchestras use blind auditions where musicians perform behind a screen. Could we replicate this in business?
Bias cannot be avoided, we just can't help ourselves. Research shows that we apply different standards when we compare men and women. While explicit discrimination certainly exists, perhaps the more arduous task is to eliminate our implicit biases — the ones we don't even realise we have.
After all, if you were making a decision about hiring someone or giving an employee a pay rise, wouldn't you like to be fair? Don't you think you should carry out your evaluation using only criteria that actually matter?
A lot of us think we can make evaluations based on quality alone. But the research suggests otherwise. So how might you make sure that your implicit biases are kept at bay?
Gender blind evaluations
You could try to do your evaluation without knowing the sex of the person you're evaluating. If you didn't know whether the applicant was a man or a woman, then your biases shouldn't be triggered. Needless to say, it's quite difficult to set up a process that truly is gender blind.
An interview makes it impossible. But even written descriptions of applicants contain hints about the sex of the person. The most obvious, of course, is the name, but there are other subtle indicators there, too.
Letters of recommendation that don't use first names may nonetheless reveal the sex of the person being written about. Women get described as caring about their students or clients, while men are said to have strong relationships with those groups. It's unplanned, it's not intended, but we do it. And when we do, we give different impressions about the qualifications of applicants.
If we could avoid interviews and steer clear of using written profiles to review candidates, maybe we could stay gender neutral. Except, what would then be the basis for our decisions? Here's where the orchestras come into play.
Sexism in orchestras
Over the past several decades, orchestras have started changing the way they hire musicians. One of these changes was designed to eliminate bias against women.
It would be hard to deny that there was such a bias in the composition of orchestras. As late as 1970, the top five orchestras in the U.S. had fewer than 5% women. It wasn't until 1980 that any of these top orchestras had 10% female musicians. But by 1997 they were up to 25% and today some of them are well into the 30s. What is the source of this change? Have they added jobs? Have they focused on work that appeals to women?
The size of a major orchestra is quite stable; they all have around 100 musicians. Furthermore, the types of jobs do not change. The increase in the number of women cannot be attributed to a redistribution giving the orchestra fewer bassists — traditionally played by men — and more harpists — where more women are found.
Blind auditions
In the 1970s and 1980s, orchestras began using blind auditions. Candidates are situated on a stage behind a screen to play for a jury that cannot see them. In some orchestras, blind auditions are used just for the preliminary selection while others use it all the way to the end, until a hiring decision is made.
Even when the screen is only used for the preliminary round, it has a powerful impact; researchers have determined that this step alone makes it 50% more likely that a woman will advance to the finals. And the screen has also been demonstrated to be the source of a surge in the number of women being offered positions.
By the way, even a screen doesn't always yield a gender blind event. Screens keep juries from seeing the candidates move into position, but the telltale sounds of a woman's shoes allegedly influenced some jury members such that aspiring musicians were instructed to remove their footwear before coming onto the stage.
Assessment without bias
It seems impractical to imagine evaluating someone but remaining ignorant of their sex. But the orchestras show us: it can be done.
If we trust the research and accept that women are being judged more fairly because of the screen, perhaps we should ask if there's any way to replicate the musicians' success. What kind of screen would be needed at your workplace?
University faculty members constantly evaluate each other. It's not just about hiring and promotion. Every week, we read and evaluate research articles submitted to journals and grant applications submitted to research councils. Success at publishing and raising funds is essential for anyone hoping to make a career in higher education. Is there any reason to think we are free of gender bias when we carry out these evaluations of our peers? Not at all. In fact, there are good reasons to think that we're not.
With grant applications, we see different success rates for men and women. The prestigious grants from the European Research Council, for example, consistently show that applications from women have a lower success rate than applications from men. Would blind reviews change this?
When scholarly articles are reviewed, the reviewers may not be told the name of the author. But the editors know who it is. I wonder if there are major journals willing to open their archives to let a researcher determine if the success rates for men and women are different.
Of course, simply identifying a difference for grant success or article acceptance rates doesn't tell us why that difference is there. But without knowing the most basic facts, we don't know where our work should be focused.
It's time to find ways to tune our own evaluation instruments better.
This article originally appeared on Curt Rice's blog and was reproduced here with his permission. More info on research behind this article here. Curt Rice is a professor at the University of Tromsø and a fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study
Sign up to become a member of the Women in Leadership community here for more comment, analysis and best practice direct to your inbox
The fetus, whose heart was still beating when officers found the body of 15-year-old Jennifer Delgado, died a short time later at a hospital, the San Antonio Express-News reports.
Armando Garcia-Ramires, 36, a Mexican citizen in the country illegally, has been charged with two counts of capital murder.
Police said he and Delgado — with whom he had fathered another child — lived together for a time after he and the girl's mother separated.
Delgado recently returned to her mother's apartment and told her that Garcia-Ramires was the father of both her 1-year-old and her unborn child. Police were not notified at that time, the Express-News reports.
Garcia-Ramires set up a meeting with his ex-wife on March 6 to pay her some money. But after failing to show up, he called her and threatened to harm himself.
The woman found Garcia-Ramires at a creek near her apartment, where he said he "could not live without her" and shot himself in the mouth, according to police. Authorities found him there, still holding his handgun and pulling the trigger, and took him to a hospital.
Police went to the ex-wife's apartment next. They found Delgado dead — shot once in the chest and at least four times in the head — and her 1-year-old sitting next to her, according to police documents.
Kevin Wilson's future, along with Indiana's institutional commitment to football, has often been questioned in recent seasons. Those questions won't be asked much longer.
Indiana just announced Kevin Wilson has been signed to a new deal which will run through the 2021 season at an annual cost of $2.55 million per year. While that price point still lags behind some major programs in the Big Ten, it nearly doubles Wilson's previous salary of $1.3 million per year -- and is a far cry from Bill Lynch's final season in 2010. In that season, Lynch only made $800,000 coaching football at a Power 5 school. Without accounting for any other additional earnings that coaches often receive, Wilson's new deal would have ranked as the 41st most well-compensated coach in college football in 2015, right behind West Virginia's Dana Holgorson and ahead of Miami's now-fired Al Golden. It makes Wilson the 6th highest-paid coach in the Big Ten -- just ahead of new Maryland head coach DJ Durkin.
Despite his 20-41 overall record, Indiana has seen marked progress as a program both on and off the field under Wilson. The comes on the heels of Indiana's first bowl trip since 2007 -- and a wildly entertaining (while heartbreaking) season for players and fans that featured near-misses against the Big Ten's best. Wilson's exciting, up-tempo is translating in the stands, too -- Indiana was just one of a few schools across the nation to see an attendance increase in 2015.
Oh, and Wilson was excited. He #BOOM'd his own contract extension -- an occasion normally reserved for landing new recruits.
#BOOM - It's a Gr8 Day 2 Be a Hoosier #812 - Solid Foundation & Excited as #iufb Moves Forward - #GoIU — Kevin Wilson (@IUCoachWilson) January 11, 2016
The full release is below.
In 1961, an American astronaut reached space for the first time and soared through the heavens in a gumdrop-shaped capsule.
Since then, people have flown to the moon, created space planes and designed rockets that return to Earth for precision landings. But when astronauts lift off next year from U.S. soil for the first time in six years, their vehicle of choice will be another capsule.
Boeing Co. and SpaceX are relying on the tried-and-true design as the two companies each develop spacecraft under NASA contracts to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station.
Despite the sleek spaceships of sci-fi imaginings or the familiar winged body of the shuttle, engineers have returned to the seemingly clunky capsule again and again for a simple reason — it works.
“The capsule is a very durable technology,” said Matthew Hersch, assistant professor of the history of science at Harvard University . “It may not be romantic to fly, but it's going to get you there and back safely.”
A rendering of Boeing's CST-100 Starliner capsule. (Boeing)
Since the end of the shuttle program, the U.S. has relied on Russia to transport its astronauts to and from the space station in the Soyuz spacecraft, another capsule.
Boeing and SpaceX said they are confident their vehicles will fly next year, despite recent reports from the U.S. Government Accountability Office noting that delays for the two companies have pushed the first test flights past the initial deadline.
The new spacecraft have a number of features that weren't available on earlier capsules — touchscreen displays, large windows, more powerful electronics and lighter materials.
The spacesuits that astronauts will wear also have been slimmed down. SpaceX has released several photos of its spacesuit, which Chief Executive Elon Musk said was tested to ensure astronauts would stay safe even if the pressure in the capsule dropped suddenly. Boeing's “Boeing blue” spacesuit is about 40% lighter than previous suits, and the gloves were specially designed to let astronauts interact with touchscreens.
Chris Ferguson, a former NASA astronaut and current Boeing director of Starliner crew and mission systems, wears the Boeing spacesuit. (Boeing)
Back in the early days of the U.S. space program, astronauts lamented riding in anything that allowed for such limited human control. Borrowing the name from something you swallow didn't enhance the appeal.
Initially, there was great enthusiasm for making those spacecraft look like airplanes, but it was difficult to create wings that could navigate various parts of a mission and survive the heat of reentry, Hersch said.
Any spacecraft rated to carry humans has a specific set of requirements. It must be efficient in its volume with enough space for all necessary life systems, but have as low mass as possible. It also has to withstand tremendous g-forces, pressure and heat during launch and reentry.
The heat shield on a capsule's blunt, slightly curved bottom helps protect the crew as the vehicle reenters the atmosphere.
Capsules are aerodynamically stable when traveling at supersonic speeds during reentry and require little maneuvering to return to Earth in an emergency, giving them “inherent stability,” said David Giger, senior director of Dragon development engineering at SpaceX.
“What's really interesting about capsule design is it's aerodynamically efficient both on ascent and descent,” said David Barnhart, director of the USC Space Engineering Research Center. “It only takes one event to take it back down, which is essentially a reentry burn, and that's good because it minimizes moving parts and complexities.”
A person wears the SpaceX astronaut spacesuit and stands near the Dragon 2 capsule. (SpaceX)
In creating spacecraft for NASA's commercial crew program, both Boeing and SpaceX have built on the example of their predecessors.
Boeing constructed its design based on some of the data from the 1950s and 1960s era Mercury and Gemini, as well as NASA's Orion , a crew spacecraft that first flew in 2014 and is slated to ride into space atop the agency's Space Launch System rocket in 2019.
Rob Adkisson, Boeing's chief engineer for the commercial crew program, said the CST-100 Starliner's compact capsule design matches its mission as a “people mover,” compared to the larger space shuttle that essentially functioned as a “truck back and forth.”
“It looks a lot like Gemini and Mercury,” he said of the Starliner. “But it's quite a bit different.”
The Chicago aerospace giant's Starliner will blast into space on an Atlas V rocket before deploying and docking autonomously at the space station. Upon its return to Earth, the spacecraft will jettison its service module, deploy parachutes to slow down and drop its heat shield so the vehicle's airbags can inflate for a softer ground landing.
Rob Adkisson, right, chief engineer with Boeing's Commercial Group Program, examines a capsule heat shield component with David Schiller, aerostructures lead for the company's commercial crew program. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times)
Mannequins riding the Starliner during a recent test were “barely jostled” inside, Adkisson said. The capsule is designed to be reused 10 times.
A version of the capsule is undergoing tests at a Boeing facility in Huntington Beach where space structures like Apollo, the original Delta and Delta II rockets and parts of the space station were also cleared before their missions. The CST-100 Starliner capsule is set to make its debut test flight in June 2018, with a crewed test flight two months later.
“You design robust margins into what you do, demonstrate that everything operates as we expect it to,” Adkisson said. “That gives us a lot of confidence and gives our customer a lot of confidence that we've got it nailed.”
One major development is the fine-tuning of the capsule's heat protection. The Starliner's base heat shield has an ablator, a proprietary material that absorbs energy on reentry and only chars “like a marshmallow,” said David Schiller, leader of Boeing's commercial crew aerostructures integrated product team.
The command module from the 13th Lunar mission in 1995 at the Space Works Facility in Hutchinson, Kansas, where it was restored for display at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center. (Dan Bayer / Associated Press)
The base heat shield and its four backshells located around the crew vehicle are made of composite materials. A glass/phenolic honeycomb core is wedged between the composite layers, like an ice cream sandwich, to provide high strength while staying lightweight. The entire vehicle is covered with thermal protection, including a type of woven ceramic “blanket” similar to the ones used on the space shuttle, and ceramic tiles on the backshells to deflect heat.
Like Boeing, SpaceX also looked to previous capsules when it first embarked on its Dragon spacecraft.
Back then, the Hawthorne company was still very young, so engineers looked back at the legacies of Mercury, Gemini and the moon program's Apollo. The lessons are incorporated in its Dragon 2 crew transporter capsule, along with those learned from developing SpaceX's Dragon 1 vehicle, currently used by NASA to take supplies to the space station.
The Dragon 2's abort system is a marked change from Apollo, which used a rocket on a tower located at the top of the capsule and was discarded on the way up to orbit. SpaceX's launch abort system can be used at any time during the entire ascent trajectory and stays on the capsule so it can be recovered on splashdown — part of the company's emphasis on reusability, said Giger of SpaceX.
A mockup of NASA's Orion, which is designed to eventually travel to Mars, hits the water in a simulated ocean splashdown test at NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton, Va. (Steve Helber / AP)
Dragon 2 will also utilize more advanced avionics technology than was possible during Apollo — the capsule's avionics draw less than half the power of the Apollo spacecraft and lunar module combined — and the avionics are smaller and can be consolidated into fewer numbers of components. The most obvious example is the touchscreen displays inside the capsule.
The SpaceX capsule will also utilize more automation, such as its docking ability, to improve safety and allow crew to focus on crucial tasks, he said. The company is also working on developing the capsule's precision landing capability in the ocean so recovery crews can arrive within minutes.
“Just because it looks like a capsule does not mean the inherent technology is the same,” Giger said.
Dragon 2, which will ride into space on a Falcon 9 rocket, is set to make its first test flight in February 2018, and a crewed flight will come four months later.
In the meantime, the capsule's hardware is going through qualification testing and software is being developed and evaluated, said Garrett Reisman, director of space operations at SpaceX and a former NASA astronaut who flew on two space shuttle missions.
“We're trying to take a giant leap forward in safety,” he said. “We have the opportunity to do that through design, improvements in technology and also by leveraging all the history that our partner NASA brings to the table ... to make sure we don't repeat mistakes made in the past.”
In this rendering, SpaceX's Dragon 2 capsule docks autonomously with the International Space Station. (SpaceX)
Support our journalism Already a subscriber? Thank you for your support. If you are not, please consider subscribing today. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
samantha.masunaga@latimes.com
Twitter: @smasunaga
ALSO
Cassini, the NASA spacecraft that expanded the search for life beyond Earth, dies in Saturn's sky
As NASA's Cassini mission flames out over Saturn, scientists mark bittersweet end of mission
‘OK. Let's do it!' An oral history of how NASA's Cassini mission to Saturn came to be
‘I'm not sad. I'm thinking how lucky I am': Humanity says goodbye as Cassini plunges to its death
Elon Musk posts blooper reel of crashing SpaceX rockets
This year, the Year of the Monkey, brings the return of the Happy Lunar New Year Celebration at Paradise Gardens in Disney California Adventure park, February 5-8! The event will celebrate time-honored traditions of the Chinese, Korean and Vietnamese cultures while inviting guests of all backgrounds to enjoy the festivities. For those who celebrate, it is the customary time to reflect on the past and step into a new life of hope, prosperity and happiness.
Mulan and Mushu will join friends Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse and Chip n' Dale during the festivities, celebrating the Year of the Monkey. Special merchandise and authentic food offerings will be available, and colorful live performers, musicians and local artisans will enrich the celebration. Local community groups will perform throughout the day at the Paradise Garden Stage and on the performance corridor outside Paradise Gardens.
Join us for the Happy Lunar New Year Celebration February 5-8, from 11 a.m. – 5 p.m. each day!
American citizens living abroad can still vote for Bernie!
No spam, ever. See our Privacy Policy .
Only send me important updates, not the newsletter
Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Washington, DC Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming
While all dates are subject to change, the above dates are especially likely to change due to being based on the previous election. The final date will likely be close, but please sign up below for Voter Alerts in Democrats Abroad and we'll email you the official dates when they are finalized.
Help Get Out The Vote in Democrats Abroad by sharing this page:
Many Americans living outside the country don't know that they can participate.
How to vote from abroad
Get Registered
Democrats Abroad has closed primaries — American citizens living abroad can still vote for Bernie!
Join Democrats Abroad now!
Democrats Abroad has Same-Day Registration which allows you to register to vote at the primaries on January 1, 1970
Eligibility
To vote in the Democrats Abroad Primary you must meet the following criteria:
American Citizen living abroad
Be at least 18 years old by November 8th
Be a member of Democrats Abroad
Not have voted, or intend to vote for, a presidential candidate in any other state primary in 2016.
Note: You are still able to vote for non-presidential candidates in your state, and you should!
If you have any questions about voting in Democrats Abroad you may contact your state official elections office or Democratic party.
Find local Bernie supporters and get help from /r/expats4sanders/
To say we've been busy these last few months is an understatement. We just finished our 2013 catalog in time for Interbike next week and if all goes as planned, hard copies of these bad boys will be at our hotel in Vegas when we check in next week.
Fyxation 2013 Catalog - http://issuu.com/fyxation/docs/2013_catalog
For 2013 we changed up our gameplan just a bit. When we launched Fyxation in 2009 our goal was to focus on making parts and accessories for urban cyclists and to help people make their bikes look better. After years of doing just that we've decided that it's finally time to make our own bikes look better. In 2013 we will be launching 3 new Fyxation framesets and later in the year our own complete bikes. These frames were designed by Fyxation to our spec and are not simply stock builds from some factory over seas.
The Quiver was designed to be the most versatile urban frameset on the market and each has the ability to be run as a single speed, internal hub or geared bike with the help of our proprietary derailleur hanger. These two framesets come stock with horizontal dropouts and our removable cable stops so they'll maintain the clean look of a fixed gear/singlespeed bike but they can easily be built up as a geared bike. The Quiver name says it all. Instead of having to fork over tons of money to build up your own Quiver of bikes, this versatile frame can be built up the way you want it.
We hope you enjoy our catalog and we'll keep you posted with updates as our new gear becomes available.
Thanks!
Fyxation Team
Fyxation Quiver Frameset
Fyxation Quiver 1x10
Third Ward Frameset
Fyxation Quiver Removable Cable Stops
Fyxation Quiver Horizontal Dropouts with Derailleur Hanger
Fyxation East Side Track Frameset
Leave a comment
After domestic victories in 2016, China's president must deal with a worsening economy and Trump in the White House
A good year for Xi Jinping – but trouble is heading his way
A good year for Xi Jinping – but trouble is heading his way
In his 2016 new year message the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, promised his 1.3 billion citizens that the coming 12 months would be a time of “openness and sharing”.
“The future is encouraging and inspiring,” Xi enthused in his upbeat annual address.
In fact, 2016 was a year of continued economic slowdown and political tightening as the leaders of one-party China sought to further assert their control over the country with one eye on economic storm clouds ahead.
Free speech was increasingly curtailed while prominent activists continued to languish in jail after the launch of a major crackdown on human rights lawyers in 2015. Beijing continued to ignore muted international calls for their release.
In Hong Kong, the former British colony that returned to Chinese control in 1997, the mood was scarcely more upbeat, with renewed street protests after Beijing moved to bar two pro-independence politicians from taking up their seats in the city's parliament.
Pro-democracy campaigners accused Beijing of stripping Hong Kong of its much-cherished autonomy and warned that the “one country, two systems” framework under which it is ruled was being increasingly undermined by the Communist party's meddling.
For Xi, 2016 will go down as a year of significant domestic political victories.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman working at a building site in Shanghai in November. Photograph: Johannes Eisele/AFP/Getty Images
In October he was declared the “core leader” of the 88 million-member Communist party, a title only previously bestowed upon three leaders, Jiang Zemin, Deng Xiaoping and Chairman Mao.
That reaffirming of Xi's supreme leadership will strengthen him in the lead-up to the 19th Communist party congress next autumn, when his assumed 10-year term reaches the half-way point.
But daunting challenges lie ahead in 2017. The run-up to that congress will see an intense and potentially treacherous period of political jockeying as Xi attempts to deepen his control of the party by elevating allies to key positions.
The economy, already growing at its weakest rate in 25 years, is likely to slow further as China's export- and investment-driven boom continues to run out of steam. Xi will also face a number of severe foreign policy headaches, not least formulating a response to Donald Trump's presidency in the US and potential policy shifts on issues such as North Korea.
Then there is the South China Sea. China has been locked into a series of acrimonious territorial disputes with neighbours such as Vietnam and the Philippines.
In July, an international tribunal infuriated Beijing when it responded to a case brought by the Philippines by issuing a thorough rebuke of China's sweeping historical claims to vast areas of the $4.5tn trade route. Beijing immediately rejected the ruling.
The May election of Rodrigo Duterte looked to have eased some of those tensions with the Philippines' new leader flying into Beijing in October to kick off an unexpected rapprochement with Xi that saw the territorial dispute brushed aside.
In the wake of that visit – which analysts described as a major strategic coup for China and a thumb in the eye of Washington, a longtime ally of the Philippines – Beijing and Manila appeared to set aside their differences over the South China Sea in favour of economic collaboration.
To Beijing's delight, Duterte declared he would realign his country in China's “ideological flow”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Xi Jinping and Barack Obama, pictured with their wives Peng Liyuan and Michelle Obama. Photograph: Getty Images
Another Chinese triumph came in September when Xi and Barack Obama came together during China's first G20 to announce that the world's top two polluters would ratify the Paris climate agreement.
Activists hailed the move as a major breakthrough in the fight against global warming. But just weeks later, the gloss came off that much-lauded achievement with the election of climate change denier Trump to the White House.
The victory of Trump, who has called global warming a Chinese hoax, looks to spell the end of the climate collaboration between the people in the world's two most powerful jobs – a rare bright spot in US-China relations under Obama – although some predict 2017 could see an unexpected revival of relations between Washington and Beijing.
China will enter the year of the rooster in January – the same year in which the Chinese Communist party was founded almost a century ago, in 1921. It remains to be seen whether Xi will continue to ruffle feathers in 2017.
Over the past few days, I've been spending every spare moment writing, in an effort to create a new RPG, with it's own rules-light system. So far, so good! I'm currently about 22 pages in to a planned 30 – 35-page book, which will contain everything that anyone needs to play. The writing is literally pouring out of me at a rate I haven't experienced in a long time. This is a fun project, not related to anything I've done before and inspired by a random off-hand comment I heard listening to an rpg podcast.
This game is meant to be as flexible and rules-light as possible, while still being a game, with certain constraints and rules. It's drawing on everything I know as a parent, educator, writer and gamer. With the help of adults, kids from age 4 should be able to get in to this without a problem. Adults can dive right in as well.
Designed to release creativity, inspire fun, work with every member of a group to create rapidly developing, wildly entertaining collaborative stories, this thing is going to be fun! I've already started playtesting with my 5 and 8 year old daughters and they're having a blast.
Thanks to a bunch of folks involved in this site, with extra heapings of thanks to Nundhal and Ashley, plus a number of friends both with and without kids who are assisting with ideas, editing and play testing, this project is just cranking along.
I'm almost done with the entirety of the text for the first draft. After that, I need to compile a bunch of images, do some layout work, playtest and edit. I started this three days ago (June 6th) and hope to have it finished and published by mid-July at the latest. This will also be my first foray into the print on demand world via DriveThruRPG.
The PDF I'm planning on selling for $2.99, the printed copy (with a PDF) for…well, I'm not sure yet. I'm aiming for as low as I can go. Certainly under $15. Hopefully well under $15, but I'll have to see how that works out.
I'll be talking a lot about this on Twitter, if you care to find out more as it happens. I don't want to say too much about it until the project is a bit further along, but here's a short excerpt from it. If this peaks your interest, please let me know!
The rules of the game All games have rules. This is no exception, however it is unlike most games (and most role playing games) in that the rules can be boiled down to just a page or so. This game primarily relies on the creative powers of people and the guidance of the Guide in keeping the Group focused and moving towards their Goal. Have fun! Above all, the object of this game is to have fun. Express yourself creatively! Engage the community theatre aspect of your personality. If your personality doesn't have this aspect, fake it! For children this is a wonderful time to explore the immediate world around them, insert a bit of their own imagination and work through the social and intellectual challenges they encounter. There is only yes This game is a game meant to empower the players, give them free reign with their creativity and come up with unique solutions to challenges given to them by the Guide. The Guide should try to answer as many questions as they can with one word: Yes.
Now, off to get some more work done!
WASHINGTON ― Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) was ready for Republicans to lose big on Election Day.
In an interview with KET's Bill Goodman on Monday evening, McConnell said he never thought Donald Trump would win the presidency and he expected Republicans to lose the upper chamber.
“I honestly thought we wouldn't hold the U.S. Senate, I thought we'd come up short,” McConnell said. “And I didn't think President Trump had a chance of winning.”
McConnell even expressed surprise that the wealthy real estate businessman was able to connect with voters and knock out 16 other Republicans running for the nomination before he defeated Hillary Clinton.
“Trump was able to convey ― oddly enough a message from a billionaire who lives in Manhattan ― a genuine concern for people who felt kind of left off,” McConnell said, “who felt offended by all the political correctness they see around them.”
McConnell advised Democrats to look at President Barack Obama as a “unique political phenomenon” whose presidency has since resulted in the election of more Republicans at all levels of government.
McConnell added that he was amazed Trump “pierced the blue wall” in the Rust Belt states, which were key in Clinton's defeat.
The stunning losses for Democrats have put them “in a very feisty mood these days,” McConnell said.
The Republican leader, who took care to stay away from Trump as much as possible throughout the election, tried to quell concerns from a vast majority of Americans about the incoming president. Trump led one of the most vitriolic and divisive campaigns in recent history.
Less Than A Day Old, Bahrain News Channel Is Yanked Off The Air
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hasan Jamali/AP Hasan Jamali/AP
A new pan-Arab television channel, Al-Arab, began broadcasting Sunday afternoon from the Gulf nation of Bahrain. By dawn Monday, it was off the air.
"Broadcast stopped for technical and administrative reasons. We will be back soon, inshallah [God willing]," the news channel wrote Monday on its Twitter feed.
Al-Arab's apparent offense was broadcasting an interview with Khalil al-Marzooq, a prominent critic of Bahrain's monarchy.
A pro-government newspaper, Akhbar Al-Khaleej, said that Al-Arab was suspended because the channel did not "heed the prevailing norms of the Gulf states."
Arab satellite channels such as Al-Jazeera and Al-Arabiya have dramatically expanded news coverage and debate across the Arab world, but they refrain from criticizing rulers in the countries where they are based. Al-Jazeera has its headquarters in Qatar and Al-Arabiya is based in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.
The new competitor in the field, Al-Arab, is owned by Saudi billionaire Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal. A prominent international investor, he has large stakes in many big-name companies, including Citigroup, Apple, Time Warner and Twitter.
"We felt there was a real need for an independent and impartial channel," Jamal Khashoggi, the channel's general manager, said recently in a statement.
But at about 3 a.m. Monday, Al-Arab stopped showing programs and went to promotional advertisements, The Wall Street Journal reported. The channel was working with officials in Bahrain's Information Affairs Department in an attempt to resume broadcasting, the newspaper added.
Bahrain faced months of political unrest during the Arab uprisings of 2011. The protests were led by Shiite Muslims who make up a majority of the population but complain they are discriminated against by the Sunni-dominated leadership.
The current monarch, Hamad bin Isa Al-Khalifa, has been in power since 2002 and is part of a dynasty that has ruled Bahrain for more than two centuries.
In a weekend full of collisions, rollovers and injury to body, machine and pride, few racers were able to escape the carnage of the Lucas Oil Off Road Races for rounds 3-4 this past weekend at Lake Elsinore. Even the shootout drivers Travis Pastrana and Tanner Foust took a beating out on the course. Pastrana forced a full restart on Friday night after dipping the nose and rolling hard. Pastrana was OK but it was an early indicator that the weekend was going to be rough.
Marty Hart for Team ReadyLIFT was no exception to the hurt in his round 3 and 4 performances. Finishing up 8th for Pro 2 Round 3 on Friday led to a late night of work and preparations, only to blow a transmission in the Round 4 qualifier and roll early in the final race, putting an end to any chance of getting to the podium for Lake Elsinore.
Team ReadyLIFT driver Kyle Hart also faced some tough competition in the Pro Lite Division. Kyle finished 8th on Saturday after qualifying 5th. But this past weekend won't stop the drive to win for Marty and Kyle Hart as they refocus and begin working for the next rounds at Wild West Motorsports Park, Sparks, NV May 30th-31st.
See more of the Race Results Here: www.lucasoiloffroad.com
See more Team ReadyLIFT and ReadyLIFT Off Road Suspension Lifts Here: www.readylift.com
Slovenia-based Bitcoin exchange portal Bitstamp is warning users of a Google Chrome extension that steals their Bitcoin when making a transfer.
The extension's name is BitcoinWisdom Ads Remover and is a Chrome extension that removes ads from the BitcoinWisdom.com, a website for consulting all kinds of Bitcoin-related statistics, all presented in easy-to-understand charts.
According to Bitstamp, a website that lets users exchange Bitcoin for US dollars, this extension contains malicious code that is redirecting payments to its own Bitcoin address, instead of the one intended by the user making the transaction.
Bitcoin Web app developer Devon Weller confirmed Bitstamp's findings. The Nashville, Tennessee-based developer said that the extension was secretly replacing QR codes with its own.
Extension was replacing QR codes payment destinations
For those that haven't used Bitcoin until now, QR codes are one of the methods through which you can make payments or transfer Bitcoin from one account to the other.
Because Bitcoin account (also called wallet) addresses are extremely long strings of random characters, some Bitcoin exchange portals provide the option of taking the whole string and rendering as a QR code. Users can then scan the QR code with their phone (running a Bitcoin payments app) and approve the payment/transfer.
The BitcoinWisdom Ads Remover Chrome extension was abusing its position to manipulate a Web page's source code and replace the QR code of a payment's destination with one of its own.
Since Bitcoin doesn't use vanity addresses (like name.surname), technologies like QR codes are still needed to simplify the process of making a transaction, and most people use them because typing a 30- or 40-character-long string can sometimes lead to typing errors, and also a lot of wasted time.
At the time of this article, the Chrome extension was still available through Google's Chrome Web Store. In July 2015, many users reported having similar issues with the same extension.
UPDATE: Softpedia has been in contact with Mr. Weller who, after continuing his investigation in the extension's source code, discovered that it only targets users of the following Bitcoin services: Bitstamp, BTC-E, and Hashnest.
Be careful! We have uncovered a Chrome extension called BitcoinWisdom Ads Remover that will try to steal your #bitcoin. — Bitstamp (@Bitstamp) March 11, 2016
@bitstamp Confirmed. I looked at the source code. It replaces QR code images on bitcoin exchanges with its own addresses. — Devon Weller (@wellerco) March 11, 2016
«The details are not the details. They make the design.» These words about the nature of the job, expressed by Charles Eames, have become a well-known eternal truth for graphic designers. They are actually the people building a bridge between the art and the functional goal-centered design. They mix the power of art and functionality within the limits of particular goals and definite audience. They make beauty work for people.
Here in Tubik we have felt all the variety of stones on that way. Today we invite our readers to review the diverse purposes for which graphic design can be highly beneficial as we have checked in design practice.
Graphic design as a creative field
As we mentioned in one of our previous articles about the issue, graphic design can be described as the sphere of human activity that lies on the crossroads of several directions, first of all, visual arts, communication and psychology. Basically, graphic designers do the job of communication to others by means of graphic (visual) elements such as images of different style and complexity, types and fonts, pictograms, shapes and sizes, colors and shades, lines and curves etc. Graphic designer makes all those elements of visual perception transfer the message, so he makes them functional. Therefore, we could say that graphic designers are artists applying their talents mostly not in pure art, but communicating and purposeful art.
Modern graphic design broadly covers all spheres of human life which deal with visual communication, from books and posters to sophisticated mobile applications or 3D animation. Let's look into directions in which graphic designers can express their creativity for the sake of solving problems and satisfying needs.
Graphic design directions
Nowadays, graphic design is an incredibly broad sphere for application of artistic talents. In particular, it includes:
editorial design
illustration
identity (logo and branding) design
icons and pictograms
typography
interface graphics and elements
print advertisements
big print items such as posters and billboards
signs
packaging etc.
Thus, it's easily seen that modern designers in this sphere have multiple options to apply their talents. In all the mentioned directions, the basic purpose of graphic design is to serve a particular purpose or even a set of them by means and techniques of art.
Graphic design in modern life full of digital devices is getting more and more technological. Famous Italian designer Massimo Vignelli said “The life of a designer is a life of fight. Fight against the ugliness. Just like a doctor fights against disease. For us, the visual disease is what we have around, and what we try to do is cure it somehow with design.” Remembering the words we have to say that the purposes of modern graphic design are pushed further and further. Not only does it beautify the physical or digital object, but also helps its users, navigates them, guides their way via which they can get both aesthetic pleasure and problem-solving benefits.
Graphic design purposes
Today, graphic design can set diverse purposes. It rarely happens that the object of graphic design serves only one objective. Looking over the most essential of them, we would mention the following.
Identifying
This purpose first of all serves for branding reasons. It is primarily concerned on creating logos which usually lie the foundation for the whole branding strategy. This is the task at which designers work with multiple factors combining specific features of target audience, laws and rules of artistic harmony, psychology of color and shape impact on human perception and emotions, current situation on the market, business goals of the brand or company.
Numerous logos accomplished by studio designers have proved that this symbolic image plays the crucial role in all the next stages of brand strategy, including printwork (like posters, business cards, corporate documentation templates etc.), interface design (when brand or company uses digital sources and channels of reaching their clients like blogs, websites, apps, widgets etc.), branded items (like stationery, cups, notebooks etc.) and other directions. The efficient logo is usually based on deep analysis supported by designer's talent and skills and presents a balanced mixture of art and functionality. Thinking over all the details, designer selects the type and image of a logo that will correspond to the objectives of the company or brand strategy.
Andre logo
Lion browser logo icon
Toonie logo design
fOxygenic logo
Design4Users logo tested in print stickers
PassFold logo
Read more about types of logos and creative stages of logo design
Beautifying
This is the broadly used function of graphic design items that has found its comprehensive realization in all the spheres of users interaction with visual stuff, from advertising to book covers and cartoons, to user interfaces of all kinds, packaging, photos and tons of other things. It's not a secret that people are not only rational but also emotional creatures, and most of us are visually driven and aesthetically engaged. Although the content and functions are the most important factors of making a product problem-solving, the old classic trend hasn't changed: people still believe that a good dress is a card of invitation. Attractive and stylish look is traditionally highly important to make your user think about trying the product, especially in conditions of modern intense competition.
Muscles Magazine
Tales of the Jazz Age Book Cover
Graphic design in all its variety becomes a powerful tool of interface beautification. It can be applied in the slightest details like icons and up to significant elements like illustrations and mascots.
Singify App Tutorial
Cafe Coupon App
Moneywise App
Timeline App
Toonie Stickers
Setting the theme
Broad variety of graphic design techniques and diversity of approaches establish steady foundation of setting the theme of the offered product via visual elements. Like the copy is able to not only transfer the message but also set the tone and voice of communication, the visual elements, including background, typography, composition, color palette, shapes and sizes, stylistic approaches can immediately inform the user about the features and market segment of the app or website and also appeal to emotions of target audience. Visual perception plays the incredible role in decision-making, especially in cases of the first interaction when only several short minutes and sometimes even seconds are vital to get the user interested. This funсtion also works when the graphics highlight specific trends or events.
Lowrider
Underwater explorer
Pikachu Poster
Apple Event Animated Graphics
Californication Bus
San Francisco Painted Ladies
Explaining and guiding
This function of graphic design elements is widely used both in print and in all the types of interfaces, first of all in various tutorials, manuals, tool-tips, guides etc. No need to say that here a picture is really worth a thousand words: it saves precious time and helps to avoid big copy blocks. Moreover, graphics based on thorough analysis of target audience turn on the mechanism of empathy and emotional appeal which also enhances user experience and supports business goals.
Travel App Tutorial
Shauts App Tutorial
Saily App Tutorial
Ryiadh Tour Guide
Toonie Alarm Tutorial
Enhancing navigation
Custom graphic elements are a great tool enhancing navigation and therefore boosting usability. Based on user research and testing, it can have a great impact on conversions and retaining readers, providing easy flow of journey through the website or app. In addition, all this positive influence is supported with aesthetic pleasure which users get from sophisticated visual elements and harmonic composition.
Weather App
Passfold App
Veggie App
Boosting communication with a character
The element of personification thoughtfully applied in the product can boost positive user experience, enhance brand image and brand awareness. That is one of the reasons why creating mascots is often a part of general design concept and content strategy. And that is the job where graphic designers can show their best. Efficient mascots should be based on thorough analysis of needs, wishes and expectations of target audience, and also attentive study of the market environment to support the appropriate level of originality as the basis for effective design solutions.
Mascots are also very helpful in interfaces: they liven up the general process, catch up user's attention, become the memorable element, create important support for a stylistic concept and make the illusion of direct communication with the user.
Monster Stickers and their animated versions
Spring Girl
Saily App Mascot
Toonie Alarm Mascot
Read more about advantages of efficient mascots here
Making the copy stylish
One more important perspective of graphic design is typography. Designers are usually keen to make the copy applied in the products not only legible and readable, but also nice, attractive and emotional. In cases of lettering for branding it also adds such vital features as originality and recognizability.
Lettering for Saily logo
Lettering for Genius Bar
Lettering for Tubik logo
Lettering for Ribbet logo
Custom decorative lettering
As we can see, there are multiple purposes which can be set as well as multiple goals which can be achieved through graphic design. Diversity of approaches enables to create original and unique design solutions and with support of user research, analysis and thoughtful testing graphic design elements can efficiently enhance usability, strengthen branding and provide positive user experience. That is the point where art and functionality merge and meld for the sake of solving problems and making people happier.
Originally written for Tubik Blog
Welcome to see the designs by Tubik Studio on Dribbble and Behance
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill to repeal the U.S. oil export ban passed the House of Representatives on Friday, but faces an uncertain future after a veto threat by President Barack Obama.
A pumpjack drills for oil in the Monterey Shale, California, April 29, 2013. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
The bill sponsored by Representative Joe Barton, a Texas Republican, passed the House 261 to 159, failing to reach the 290 votes necessary to overturn a presidential veto.
Only 26 Democrats voted for the bill despite Republicans' late effort to attract them by adding a measure to provide funds for the Maritime Security Program. The fleet of privately-owned ships brings supplies to U.S. troops and allies abroad.
The White House this week threatened to veto the House bill, saying Congress should work to move the country to cleaner sources of energy. The administration advocated measures including ending billions of dollars in tax breaks for oil companies and instead investing in wind and solar power and energy efficiency.
Congress passed the ban in 1975 after the Arab oil embargo caused snaking lines at gas stations and fears of global oil shortages.
“Much has changed since the ban on crude was put in place,” Representative Fred Upton, a Republican of Michigan. “One of the biggest threats to the American energy boom today is not an international actor, but rather our own ban on oil exports.”
Backers of repealing the trade restriction say it would keep the drilling boom alive and help U.S. allies find alternative sources of oil beyond Russia and the Middle East.
Opponents of lifting the ban, including the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers union, say it will cost jobs in refineries and shipbuilding. Greens, meanwhile, say additional energy drilling will harm the environment.
Representative Frank Pallone, a Democrat from New Jersey, a state with several refineries, opposed the bill, saying it would be a “windfall to the oil industry.”
Two similar bills in the Senate have passed through committees, but backers are struggling to find enough Democrats to pass legislation in the full chamber.
Granted, other UAV platforms like the eye3 and MikroKopter hexadrones they have been able to handle interchangeable lens cameras for a while. However none of them offer as many flight modes and control mechanisms as the Inspire 1. "In order to achieve the quality of video produced by Zenmuse X5 and X5R, pilots used to have to spend many thousands of dollars for large, complicated aerial equipment," Frank Wang, DJI CEO and founder, said in a statement. "Now, pilots can simply mount the Zenmuse X5 series cameras to their Inspire 1, put on their props, get up in the air and have full control of their shot while in flight. This saves valuable time on film sets and makes high-quality imaging for industrial applications smaller, lighter and easier to manage."
Don't expect these cameras to come cheap though. An Inspire 1 with an X5 body and a 15mm f/1.7 ASPH lens will set you back $4,499 (if you pre-order) when it begins shipping at the end of the month. The X5R version is expected to hit store shelves by the end of the year and will cost $7,999. For comparison, the regular Inspire 1 and its standard camera costs $2,899.
Digital Vision/Getty
It is now the year of the chicken in China – in more ways than we knew. The first systematic study of bacterial resistance to last-resort antibiotics on farms and hospitals in China has revealed far more resistance than standard tests had previously suggested, especially on chicken farms and meat. Worse, the study reveals for the first time that the genes that give bacteria their resistance are being spread by flies.
Antibiotics of last resort constitute our final weapons against bacterial infections that have resisted all other drugs. Carbapenems are often used as such drugs, but bacteria with genes for resisting carbapenems are spreading.
When carbapenems fail, one of the few options left is the antibiotic colistin, but in 2015, colistin resistance was discovered in China. The genes for both types of resistance can spread between different types of bacteria.
Advertisement
The colistin resistance gene, mrc-1, has now been found in 25 countries, on four continents. It was first detected in China, though it is not known if it evolved there. It could well have, however: unlike in western countries, in China colistin is not used as an antibiotic in people, but 8000 tonnes of the drug is given to animals as a growth promoter every year, mainly to pigs and chickens.
In April, this practice will be banned in China, and colistin will begin to be used to treat people instead. But it may be too late.
Carried by flies
In a systematic search for colistin and carbapenem resistance in several regions of China, Tim Walsh at Cardiff University, UK and colleagues found colistin resistance in around one per cent of hospital patients in two large cities – even though the drug has not been used to treat people there. Their results were published last week (The Lancet, 10.1016/S1473-3099(16)30527-8).
Now we know that the resistance genes probably came from a farm. In a related study, published today, the same team reports that a third of the Escherichia coli bacteria sampled from chicken farms and meat in grocery stores resisted carbapenems, and a quarter of those also resisted colistin.
What's more, the genes have wings. The team found high rates of bacteria with colistin and carbapenem resistance genes in dog faeces from chicken farms, and in the flies at these farms. This is the first time such a result has been reported, and suggests that flies could be spreading resistance from farm animals.
“Their ability to contaminate the environment has immense public health concerns,” the team concludes. It may be why hospital patients who lived far away from farms were not less likely to have a resistant infection during summer, says Walsh. “In the summer flies will carry those bacteria everywhere.”
Spread by swallows
Unexpectedly, when the team sequenced the entire genomes of the bacteria, far more turned out to be silently carrying those resistance genes than actively using them. Nearly all the bacteria sampled on chicken farms had mrc-1, though only half resisted colistin. This means the potential for antibiotic resistance is likely vastly underestimated by standard tests.
The team concluded that the DNA sequences of bacteria from chicken farms, slaughterhouses, supermarkets and people were so similar that colistin and carbapenem resistance must have spread first in the poultry sector and then to people. It's compelling evidence, to add to previous studies, that antibiotic resistance in agriculture affects people, says Lance Price at George Washington University, Washington D.C., who has found resistant bacteria on supermarket meat in the US.
“It worries me that Chinese officials are going to start using colistin in human medicine,” says Price, saying that this could cause an explosion of human infections that are already silently carrying mcr-1 from chickens.
The problem could spread. Walsh's team also found resistant bacteria in faeces from swallows on farms in China. These birds will likely carry this resistance with them as they migrate to southeast Asia. Walsh fears that, when antibiotic manufacturers can no longer sell tonnes of colistin to farmers in China, they will export it countries like Vietnam and Thailand, laying the foundations for an explosion in resistance there too.
Journal reference: Nature Microbiology, DOI: 10.1038/nmicrobiol.2016.260
Read more: Antibiotic resistance will hit a terrible tipping point in 2017
An Ethiopian woman who says she was gang-raped in Sudan has been convicted of "indecent acts".
The woman of 18 was three months' pregnant at the time of the alleged attack.
She was arrested after video of her allegedly being sexually abused was circulated on social media.
Three men who admitted having sex with the woman and two who distributed the video were reportedly sentenced to being whipped.
The three were each sentenced to 100 lashes for adultery, while two got 40 lashes for distributing indecent material, according to women's rights group Strategic Initiative for Women in the Horn of Africa (SIHA).
'Brutal'
The woman was sentenced to a one-month jail term but this was suspended because she is pregnant, her lawyer, Samia al-Hashmi, told the AFP news agency.
She was also fined 5,000 Sudanese pounds ($880; £530).
She had also faced charges of adultery and prostitution, which could have led to a penalty of death by stoning, but these were dropped after she convinced the court she was divorced, reports SIHA.
The campaign group says the woman was house-hunting when she was lured to an empty property and attacked in Omdurman, just across the River Nile from Khartoum.
It says she now faces deportation.
The group's regional director Hala Elkarib condemned the conviction, saying it would prevent women from reporting sexual abuse.
"The levelling of immigration charges against the victim further denies her protection by the state and protracts the punishment and emotional stress against her whilst she has been subjected to the most brutal of crimes," she said.
Sudanese law is based on Sharia and women have been punished for wearing trousers or not covering their hair.
In a recent experiment, scientists were able to observe quasiparticles propagating across a string of ions, creating waves of quantum entanglement in their wake. Experiments like this one, which study systems with multiple quantum bodies, are crucial to learning about the behavior of quasiparticles and their interactions with more traditional particles.
It's tempting to think that quasiparticles are not particles at all. Quasiparticles are “objects” that emerge within a complex system, such as a solid object. The collective behavior of the particles in the solid can create the impression of a new particle. The impression—or quasiparticle—moves through the solid as if it were a real particle moving through empty space, and it behaves according to the same rules.
Nevertheless, within their system, quasiparticles can have real effects on their environment. Most recently, scientists were able to track the propagation of quasiparticles called magnons through a collection of atoms. Now, scientists have been able to watch as that propagation changed the behavior of these atoms. And in the process, the quasiparticles reached speeds where a conventional model, which we use to understand time, breaks down.
To make these observations, the researchers lined up seven ions and targeted the fourth ion, exactly in the middle of the line, with a laser. The laser changes the ion's quantum spin direction.
Changing the spin of the fourth (middle) ion sends out quasiparticles in both directions, much in the same way that a pebble, dropped into a pond, sends out a ripple in all directions.
In this case, the "quasiparticle" was essentially a wave of altered spin states. Before beginning the experiment, all ions had the same spin direction. But once the first ion's spin had been reversed, it quickly changed the spins of the two ions that flanked it, starting a chain reaction—a wave, or quasiparticle, moving in each direction. The quasiparticles generated are called magnons.
As the two magnons moved away from the middle of the line, entanglement moved with them. That is, as the magnon moving to the right passed over ion 5, and as the one moving to the left passed over ion 3, ions 3 and 5 became entangled with each other.
The scientists were able to measure how the entanglement changed with time as the two magnons propagated away from each other. Their results agreed very closely with prediction—pairs of ions were briefly measured to be entangled as the pair of magnons moved over them, and then ceased to be entangled once the magnon was gone.
The experiment also had a second layer. The scientists were able to “tune” the range of interactions between the ions in the system. In other words, they could adjust how far one ion's influence on its neighbors reaches. In the first part of the experiment, each ion's spin essentially only influenced its immediate neighbors'. In the second, the researchers were able to adjust it so that the ions' spin can jump over adjacent ions, changing the spins of more distant ones.
The resulting collective behavior of the ions still produced quasiparticles, but quasiparticles of a different sort, moving at a different speed. As they tuned the system to three different interaction ranges, the quasiparticles became faster and faster, ultimately approaching infinite speed.
Actual infinite speed is not possible, even in a quantum system, due to a speed limit called the Lieb-Robinson bound. The actual top speed of a quasiparticle may vary depending on the system it inhabits, but it is always finite. However, according to the researchers, the Lieb-Robinson bounds are “trivial” in certain circumstances, such as in their tuned system, meaning that there's essentially no restriction on the speeds of the quasiparticles under certain circumstances.
The unbounded speed also breaks down conventional notions of time. A relativistic model called the light-cone is often used to understand time. Light-cones are graphs of the furthest light beams that can reach an object given a certain time. Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, so only objects in the “past” part of an object's light-cone can possibly transfer information to that object.
This model holds in the first part of the experiment, but once the researchers had tuned the interaction ranges of the ions, they found that the speeds of the quasiparticles were such that they could no longer be described in terms of light-cones.
The experiment is significant not only for its findings, which agree closely with prediction (and are the first time entanglement due to quasiparticles has been observed), but also because it lays the groundwork for many future avenues of study.
Experiments like this one, involving many-body systems, are crucial to our understanding of a wide range of quantum phenomena.
Nature, 2014. DOI: 10.1038/nature13461 (About DOIs).
Court dismisses secret surveillance suits U.S. SUPREME COURT
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed lawsuits in San Francisco against the nation's telecommunications companies for cooperating with the Bush administration's secret surveillance program, leaving intact an immunity law supported by President Obama.
The 2008 law shielded the companies from liability for their alleged roles in helping the government intercept phone calls and e-mails between Americans and suspected foreign terrorists without a search warrant. Obama voted for the law as a senator and has defended it in court as president.
The high court, without comment, denied a hearing on an appeal by AT&T customers after lower federal courts upheld the law.
The order does not affect a separate wiretapping suit by the customers against the government, currently pending before a federal judge in San Francisco. The plaintiffs allege that federal agents conducted warrantless "dragnet" surveillance that intercepted millions of messages from U.S. residents. The suit is partly based on testimony in 2003 by a former AT&T technician about equipment in the company's Folsom Street office that allowed Internet traffic to be routed to the government.
President George W. Bush acknowledged in 2005 that his administration had eavesdropped on calls to terrorist suspects without the warrants required by federal law.
Most of the ensuing lawsuits were dismissed because plaintiffs were unable to prove they had been wiretapped. An Islamic organization was accidentally sent a copy of its surveillance records and won a ruling from a San Francisco federal judge in 2010 that its rights had been violated. But the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned that decision in August, saying private citizens who may have been wiretapped have no right to sue the government.
Tuesday's order involved 30 suits against telecom companies around the nation that were consolidated in San Francisco.
The law that derailed those suits authorized the U.S. attorney general to immunize a company from liability by submitting a secret declaration to a judge containing one of two findings: either that the company had cooperated in surveillance that the president considered necessary to prevent a terrorist attack, or that the company had not participated.
Privacy-rights groups protested that the law eliminated public accountability and empowered the attorney general, rather than the courts, to decide whether a company was immune.
But in a 3-0 ruling in December, the appeals court said Congress had properly authorized the attorney general to implement the law "in narrow, definable situations, subject to review by the courts," while preserving the right to sue government officials for ordering illegal surveillance.
Cindy Cohn of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a lawyer for the AT&T customers, said the Supreme Court's refusal to review that ruling was disappointing.
"This lets telecom companies off the hook for betraying their customers' trust," she said.
The case is Hepting vs. AT&T, 11-1200.
Posted August 7, 2015 at 6:15 pm
Walkthroughs = guides. (Hey, not everyone who reads this play video games.)
I was originally going to draw a basic arrow cursor under that narration, but then I remembered that the cursors in the old games were various icons depending on what you were doing. What I wound up drawing is based on the movement icon from King's Quest V. Here is a larger color version of it.
I'd been eagerly waiting for a modern adventure game with a fun tone when suddenly a reimagining of King's Quest leaped from the bushes and attacked my Steam wallet. I knew it was going to exist by virtue of a photo from the most recent E3, but I had no idea it was going to be out any time soon. Granted, it's being released episodically, so really only about one fifth of it is currently available, but I was still caught off guard.
Since then, I've played it, and I really like it. It has fun characters, good acting, a decent story, and replay value in that there are different ways to accomplish the same goals.
It's also a LOT easier than classic Sierra adventure games. It's still possible to get stuck in the new game, but one is more likely to feel like "I should have known" upon looking up the solution than "REALLY?!"
In King's Quest V, for example, there's a moment in which you'll be trapped with no way of escaping if you didn't save a rat from a cat earlier in the game. And I don't mean in a puzzle situation or a moral choice or something. I mean you're walking along, you suddenly see a cat chasing a rat, and you won't be able to complete the game if you don't act fast and use the right item to save the rat, AND you won't realize you've effectively just gotten a game over until later.
Granted, you could save your game at any time in those old games, so you could make multiple attempts to save the rat if you'd saved shortly beforehand, but still.
The New England Patriots just won the AFC Championship Game, hammering the Indianapolis Colts 45-7 and earning a trip to Super Bowl XLIX in Glendale, Arizona.
Not impressed: former NFL kicker Lawrence Tynes, who helped the New York Giants win two Super Bowl titles -- both against Bill Belichick, Tom Brady & Co.
The Pats have learned to celebrate the hell out of those AFC Championships because the know what comes 2 weeks later. #0-2inGlendale — Lawrence Tynes (@lt4kicks) January 19, 2015
Ouch. And he added the (nonfunctional) Glendale hashtag, which references the Giants' first Super Bowl vs. the Patriots -- you know, the one New England entered 18-0 and ...
AP Photo/Gene Puskar
If we could type fire emojis in this space, we would.
More awesome stories
• Seahawks fans leave NFC title game early, can't get back in
• Phoenix Suns make Gerald Green foam hands with just 4.5 fingers
• D-Leaguer Sim Bhullar towers over 5-foot-7 teammate
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — It's the lingering question about the financial crisis: Why are no top executives of major Wall Street banks in jail more than three years after Lehman Brothers collapsed? Why have none even been charged with crimes?
Surely, someone must be guilty of something. Enron and the corporate scandals of the 2000s and the savings & loan failures of the early 1990s each resulted in more than 1,000 criminal convictions.
But this time is different and I wanted to find out why. So I spoke with several federal prosecutors from the S&L and Enron eras, the people who actually brought successful criminal white-collar cases.
They told me it boils down to proving criminal intent beyond a reasonable doubt, resources and commitment.
Let's start with the first point, which was made on “60 Minutes” last week and in the Wall Street Journal, where a former FBI official, David Cardona, said the Justice Department had decided to let regulators “take civil-enforcement actions”— like, say, the SEC's actions against Citigroup, which Judge Jed S. Rakoff threw out last week — rather than go for criminal prosecutions, which have a much higher burden of proof.
Read Howard Gold's piece on why the SEC needs to do more to take on big Wall Street firms in MoneyShow.com.
Samuel Buell, a professor at Duke University School of Law who was a lead prosecutor on the Department of Justice's Enron Task Force from 2002 to 2004, told me the challenge in these cases is “coming up with strong evidence of criminal mental states.”
In other words, “you knew that you were putting out [material] that was false and misleading and you did it anyway,” he said.
Clear victims with Enron
That was what the government did with Enron top executives Kenneth Lay (who died after being convicted), Jeffrey Skilling (who is appealing his conviction), and Andrew Fastow (who co-operated with the government, pled guilty and served time).
Enron's finances were in some ways as complex and sophisticated as the derivatives trades made by the big banks, and the consequences were huge.
“Everybody recognized at the time that this was a cataclysmic event for the financial system. We had never seen a Fortune 10 company blow up overnight,” Buell explained.
But at Enron, there were blatant misstatements by top executives who clearly knew things were worse than they said they were.
There were also clear victims — investors and employees who lost their lives savings in the company's 401(k) plan. “In any fraud case you need a victim,” said Buell. “In Enron, you could tell a story of mom-and-pop investors who were deceived.”
During that time, CEOs of companies like WorldCom and Adelphia Communications also were convicted and sentenced to long prison terms.
But in the financial crisis, the questionable transactions were conducted by big banks with other large institutions whose executives presumably should have known what they were buying — and even that the banks might short the very instruments they were purchasing. The rest of us were just collateral damage.
Read Howard Gold's piece explaining Goldman Sachs' many conflicts of interest on MoneyShow.com.
Making the connections
Linking top executives to specific instances of fraud is a big problem, says Joshua Hochberg, who ran the Department of Justice's fraud section during Enron and is now a partner at McKenna Long & Aldridge in Washington. “How do you tie them to the actual fraudulent mortgages or sale of products they knew were bad?” he asked. (Obviously that could be different for the mortgage originators themselves, like Countrywide, if the allegations in the “60 Minutes” piece were correct.)
That wasn't a problem with the savings & loans. “The thrift savings cases largely involved people [profiting] directly from the loans they were authorizing,” said Hochberg.
Back in the late 1980s, I covered CenTrust Bank in Miami, whose chairman David L. Paul sailed a 95-foot yacht and, allegedly with bank money, purchased an old-master painting by Peter Paul Rubens which he displayed in his home in Miami Beach, among much other lavish spending. Paul was convicted on 97 counts of racketeering and fraud in connection with CenTrust's failure and was sentenced to 11 years in federal prison, along with nearly 1,100 savings & loan officials who went to jail.
“The government made a decision to marshal those resources,” said Keith Fleischman, who served on a special Justice Department task force in Dallas prosecuting S&L fraud and now is a solo practitioner in New York.
“I had FBI agents exclusively assigned to me and my S&L. I had two other Justice Department lawyers with me.” Result: 20- and 30-year sentences of two top executives of a Dallas S&L.
“Financial fraud crimes are not apparent,” he explained. “They take a lot of digging, a lot of energy.”
Gun shy
Clearly we're not seeing that same effort now.
Why not? Cardona, in the Wall Street Journal article, and a couple of the former prosecutors I interviewed said the acquittal in the government's case against two Bear Stearns hedge fund officials may have made the government gun shy. An effort that began with real purpose back in 2009 now doesn't seem to be going anywhere. At this point, we should already have seen a couple of indictments, no?
“Prosecuting financial fraud is absolutely a priority for this administration and this department,” a DOJ spokeswoman told me.
President Obama authorized the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force in November 2009 with a mandate to “investigate and prosecute financial crimes and other violations relating to the current financial crisis and economic recovery efforts,” according to a DOJ publication. Its executive director, Robb Adkins, called it “the largest coalition ever brought to bear in confronting fraud.” He has left that post to go into private practice.
And yet, when I reviewed the news releases on its website, www.stopfraud.gov, I saw quite a few convictions involving mortgage fraud, other relatively minor frauds, and even some major financial scams and Ponzi schemes. And, of course, there were big insider-trading convictions against billionaire hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam and others, which U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and his team handled superbly.
But few of them were connected to the financial crisis per se or to the major Wall Street banks.
So, I'm left with more questions than answers. Did the administration go easy on Wall Street firms because of their alleged fragility after the crisis, as the New York Times suggested in April? Are Wall Street CEOs being spared because of their contributions to the Obama campaign in 2008 (although they haven't given nearly as much this time)? Are they being handled with kid gloves because the president doesn't want to seem too “anti-business” going into his re-election campaign?
I tried to find out, but the White House press office didn't respond to several requests for comment.
Read Howard's take on which recent presidents did the best job fighting fraud, and cast your vote at The Independent Agenda.
Prosecutors usually are insulated from raw politics, and I have no reason to think that's different now. So, my best guess is that the heavy burden of proof in criminal cases and excess caution is driving decision-making here.
That's why I think, as with the SEC, that the Justice Department needs to be more aggressive, take some risks and make some cases. A little more fire in the belly would go a long way.
Howard R. Gold is a columnist for MarketWatch and editor at large for MoneyShow.com. Follow him on Twitter @howardrgold, read more commentary at www.howardrgold.com, and check out his political blog at www.independentagenda.com.
Editors' note: Dear Future is a collaboration between CNET and VICE Motherboard that looks at major innovations -- in robotics, space travel, VR and more -- shaping the world around us.
For the foreseeable future, and probably forever until the heat death of the universe, this will always be true: Everyone dies. But it's still not an easy thing for many of us to accept, as the rising belief in transhumanism illustrates. Rest assured, one day the light will go out, whether we want to think about it or not.
Increasingly, it's looking like chatbots are going to be the ones helping some of us to accept the inevitable and wrestle with our very human questions about death. Researchers are already making bots that can talk people through their personal and, importantly, spiritual anxieties about death in addition to helping them plan for the end. What that says about us, I'm really not sure.
Westend61/Getty Images
End-of-life care planning isn't an easy thing to do, but it's harder in some places than in others. In the US, for example, it wasn't until last year that Medicare, which covers people over the age of 65, covered end-of-life consultations. As soon as it was covered, more than double the expected number of seniors took advantage. But that policy only helps some people -- tens of millions of Americans are currently uninsured.
Chatbots like LifeFolder's Emily have popped up to mimic conversations with healthcare workers to help people plan. Emily, according to the company, is meant to imitate a trained nurse and walks you through end-of-life planning decisions like choosing someone to handle your affairs, etc. But you can't tell Emily things like, "I'm a very spiritual person but I'm scared of death." You know, human things.
Consider the chatbot developed by researchers at the Boston Medical Center and Northeastern University, which was recently presented at the International Conference on Intelligent Virtual Agents in Stockholm. According to the researchers' paper, the chatbot is explicitly meant to replicate conversing with a "palliative care coach" that answers questions about things like preparing a will and funeral preparations. But there's a twist: The chatbot can also be very spiritual, if you want it to be. The end goal is to reduce people's anxiety about dying.
The bot, the paper states, has a neutral mode, and pro-spiritual mode. In the neutral mode, the bot keeps things functional and doesn't respond to the user's religious bent. In pro-spiritual mode, the bot "takes active interest in the user's spirituality, tailors dialogue to the user's religious orientation, demonstrates knowledge of the user's religious beliefs and orientation, and acts supportive," according to the paper. The bot can presently support Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Sikhism. According to the researchers, the agent's responses were reviewed by hospital chaplains. Here's an example of a conversation with a Jewish user, from the paper:
AGENT: So, I am really interested in the relationship between religion and spirituality. Do you consider yourself spiritual, religious, both, or neither?
USER: I would rather call myself religious, which I think is different from spiritual.
AGENT: That's an interesting distinction to make. How would you identify your religion?
USER: I'm Jewish. I wish I knew more about Jewish traditions.
AGENT: Were you raised religiously?
USER: Yes, I was.
Clearly, things are already getting pretty deep here. While the sample size of an experiment with older adults using the chatbot was quite small (44 people, half of whom had a chronic health condition), their feedback is pretty interesting. It's "easier to talk to a computer agent [than a human] about it," one 57-year-old participant who identifies as spiritual said, according to the paper. "People tend to be pretty opinionated about that stuff, especially when they get to be around my age."
The researchers have already added some interactive spiritual features to the chatbot, such as helping to manage activities like praying and fasting, and "a clinical trial is underway."
Many people don't have other folks in their lives whom they trust completely and can talk to comfortably about their thoughts on death, as they're dying. It's possible this chatbot or others like it could help them. But as long as there's an opportunity to do stuff like make aspects of healthcare such as end-of-life planning more accessible rather than outsourcing it to a computer, it's hard to see this as any kind of solution.
At the 19th Annual Robotics Industry Forum in Orlando Florida, Mike Wilson, President of the British Automation and Robot Association presented a study called: Positive Impact of Industrial Robots on Employment, which included information and statistics on robots and job creation. This study was sponsored by International Federation of Robotics and conducted by Metra Martech, a market research company.
Often when we think of robotic insertion into the workforce, we think of robots replacing humans and thus increasing unemployment by putting people out of work. This however is far from the case today as Mr. Wilson pointed out, that because of “Direct employment due to robotics: 2 to 3 million jobs (are) created in world manufacturing. That is 2 to 3 jobs per robot in use.”
So where and how are these jobs created. Five areas of job creation were highlighted.
Robotics industry and operation Where precision or consistency requires robots Where poor working conditions are overcome by the use of robots Where a sector which fails to use robots would be uncompetitive in world terms Downstream jobs created by new products and services
If we look at each sector independently we can easily see where job creation occurs and why robots are often the best and most likely candidates for some job types.
First then, the robotics industry: obviously creating robots for the moment takes humans, analysis for the varied implementation and mechanization of robots creates highly skilled work. The second category, precision or consistency: is really where robots excel and where such varied applications as the daVinci surgical system , and laser cutting applications come to mind, but there are many other processes which require the minute manipulation which robots can ideally execute. Thirdly, poor working conditions, such as the Fukushima nuclear power plant, natural disasters like earthquakes, fire or bomb threat situations and mining are also ideal environments for robots, though much more mundane factory working conditions are probably where robots are most useful in improving the quality of life for the largest numbers of people. This category probably best promotes robotics as there is little objection when robots can work in places where human safety would be compromised . Fourth, using robots to improve company competitiveness, this was recently reviewed in my last blog and was specifically discussed in a recent Economist article, examples are generally given of improved production efficiency by studying and improving the production processes. And finally fifth, jobs created by new products, like the Bobsweep, a Toronto based company providing a robotic vacuum. These products also create downstream jobs in distribution, marketing, product technical support and customer service. So...robots DO create jobs!
This study should cause us to rethink our attitudes towards robots and recognize the robotics industry for the jobs it can generate in the global economy of the future.
This piece originally appeared in the The Oregonian.
In his recent commentary, Steve Buckstein of the Cascade Policy Institute calls his ballot initiative “right to work,” but IP9 has nothing to do with guaranteeing anyone a job (“Nearly a third of Oregon union workers want out,” June 24).
So-called right-to-work laws have nothing to do with anyone being forced to be a member of a union or to support political causes he or she disagrees with. It is already the law that no one in Oregon can be forced to be a member of a union or be forced to contribute even a single cent to politicians or political causes he or she opposes.
The only thing the law allows is that if a majority of employees and their employer agree, they can sign a contract that requires each employee who benefits from the terms of a union contract to pay his or her fair share of the costs of negotiating and administering that contract. That's it. So-called right-to-work laws make it illegal for employees and employers to negotiate that kind of “fair share” arrangement.
People who have a union contract benefit from it, and if they didn't, they would vote to disband the union or replace its leadership, both of which are easy to do.
On average, if you take two people in the same occupation and the same industry, with the same age and education level, but one having a union and the other not — the person with a union will make an average of 15 percent more per year and have a 20 percent to 25 percent better chance of receiving health insurance and a pension through his job.
Someone who works in a unionized workplace but chooses not to join the union still gets all the benefits of the contract. Furthermore, if that person encounters a problem at work, the union is required by law to provide all the same help it would to a dues-paying member.
Right-to-work laws tell people that they can get all the benefits and services of a union contract, but that paying their share of the costs that make that contract possible is optional. In this situation, many people choose not to pay dues, not because they're anti-union but because times are tight.
If we were told that paying the taxes that fund the fire department would now be optional but the firefighters would still come to put out the flames if our house were to catch fire, many people would not pay those taxes. It's not because they don't value the fire department, but because when times are tight, optional bills go unpaid. Ultimately, the organization, whether fire department or union, becomes financially unable to sustain itself. This is the true goal of so-called right-to-work laws.
Cascade issued a report last year claiming that Oregon's economy would be better if it adopted a right-to-work law. In fact, though, 2001-2011 data on household income by state show that Oregon families have higher incomes — and our incomes have grown faster over the past decade — than three-quarters of the states with so-called right-to-work laws.
But the Cascade report looked at states that passed right-to-work laws for the private sector — Cascade thinks that by weakening unions, we'll attract more companies to locate in our state. But this is irrelevant to the Oregon ballot initiative, which affects only public sector employees. No California or Washington school district, water district or DMV office is going to move to Oregon because we changed our labor law. Buckstein's column is filled with numbers from a report that studied something completely different from the initiative he's urging us to support.
As Martin Luther King Jr. noted long ago, “We must guard against being fooled by false slogans such as ‘right to work.' … Wherever these laws have been passed, wages are lower, job opportunities are fewer and there are no civil rights. … We demand this fraud be stopped.”
King's words remain as true today as when they were uttered.
Mary King is a professor of economics at Portland State University. Gordon Lafer is an associate professor in the Labor Education and Research Center at the University of Oregon.
Image caption Account holders in the US can already pay in cheques via mobile phones
Plans have been announced to allow bank customers to pay cheques into their account by taking photos on their smartphones.
Rather than go to the bank in person, customers will be able to photograph the cheque, and send it electronically.
The government is to launch a consultation on the idea, with a view to making the necessary legal changes.
The technology will also allow cheques to be cleared in two days, rather than the six it takes at the moment.
Banks say the new transfer method will be more convenient, and more secure.
"Moving into a virtual world will actually create a more secure customer experience than the paper experience today," said Antony Jenkins, the chief executive of Barclays.
Such photos would not be stored on the phone itself, so there should be no security risk if a phone was stolen.
I think people are going into branches less and less, particularly as a result of mobile banking Antony Jenkins, Chief executive, Barclays
Similar technology was introduced in the United States nine years ago, following the attack on the World Trade Centre.
A new law known as Check 21 was passed, to enable banks to process cheques electronically, rather than having to transport paper versions across the country.
Cheques
The government believes a change in the law in the UK would also promote the continuing use of cheques.
The UK Payments Council was originally planning to abolish all cheque payments by 2018, but was forced to change its mind after public opposition.
"We want to see more innovation so that customers see the benefits of new technologies," said Sajid Javid, the financial secretary to the Treasury.
"We want cheques to have a crucial role in the ongoing success of the UK," he added.
In 2012, 10% of all payments by individuals were made by cheque, and 25% of payments by businesses.
The industry says younger account-holders already use electronic systems of payment, and rarely use cheques.
However all customers will still be able to pay in cheques by posting them to their bank, or by visiting their bank directly.
Image caption Greater use of banking technology is hastening branch closures
Branch closures
Barclays is planning to launch a pilot programme for paying in cheques via phone from April 2014.
It hopes to launch a service for all its customers later in the year.
But the new technology is likely to raise further questions about the size of the branch network, as customers turn to banking via PCs and mobiles.
Last month Barclays announced 1700 further job losses in its High Street branches, as a direct result of mobile technology.
In the year to July 2013 it closed 37 branches, and it has hinted at more closures to come.
"I think people are going into branches less and less, particularly as a result of mobile banking, and that's going to accelerate the process," Antony Jenkins told the BBC.
The bank is in the process of moving eight of its branches into stores operated by Asda.
A spokesman said customers would always be able to pay their cheques in at a branch if they wanted to.
Poll: Donald Trump Beats Both Cruz and Kasich Soundly in Head-to-Head Contests
At what point is Ted Cruz just playing spoiler for the establishment?
He can't win, yet he and his wife continue to dog Trump?
The latest Quinnipiac University poll shows that Donald Trump defeats either Ted Cruz or John Kasich in head-to-head contests.
The Politico reported:
Donald Trump would lead either Ted Cruz or John Kasich in a two-way race, according to the results of a Quinnipiac University national poll released Wednesday. Asked whom they would like to win the GOP nomination, 43 percent of the 652 Republicans surveyed said they wanted Trump to emerge as the party's choice in Cleveland, followed by 29 percent for Cruz and just 16 percent for Kasich, with 9 percent undecided. In a head-to-head matchup between Trump and Cruz — with Kasich voters re-allocated to their second choices — the Manhattan real-estate mogul earned 46 percent support, compared with 37 percent for Cruz and 12 percent undecided. While the Texas senator drew slim advantages among tea party supporters, white, born-again evangelicals and those describing themselves as very conservative, Trump drew far greater support from voters who described themselves as somewhat conservative, moderate or liberal, as well as among men, women and those 45 years and older.
Details Category: Jewish Studies Written by TBRNEWS.ORG Hits: 2045
A week after the Sept.11 attacks, the London Times reported that the CIA had asked regulators for the Financial Services Authority in London to investigate the suspicious sales of millions of shares of stock just prior to the terrorist acts. It was hoped the business paper trail might lead to the terrorists.
Investigators from numerous government agencies are part of a clandestine but official effort to resolve the market manipulations
There has been a great deal of talk about insider trading of American stocks by certain Israeli groups both in Canada and Germany between August 26 and the Sept.11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Lynne Howard, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), stated that information about who made the trades was available immediately. "We would have been aware of any unusual activity right away. It would have been triggered by any unusual volume. There is an automated system called 'blue sheeting,' or the CBOE Market Surveillance System, that everyone in the business knows about. It provides information on the trades - the name and even the Social Security number on an account - and these surveillance systems are set up specifically to look into insider trading. The system would look at the volume, and then a real person would take over and review it, going back in time and looking at other unusual activity."
Howard continued, "The system is so smart that even if there is a news event that triggers a market event it can go back in time, and even the parameters can be changed depending on what is being looked at. It's a very clever system and it is instantaneous. Even with the system, though, we have very experienced and savvy staff in our market-regulations area who are always looking for things that might be unusual. They're trained to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Even if it's offshore, it might take a little longer, but all offshore accounts have to go through U.S. member firms - members of the CBOE - and it is easily and quickly identifiable who made the trades. The member firm who made the trades has to have identifiable information about the client under the 'Know Your Customer' regulations (and we share all information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)"
Given all of this, at a minimum the CBOE and government regulators who are conducting the secret investigations have known for some time who made the options puts on a total of 38 stocks that might reasonably be anticipated to have a sharp drop in value because of an attack similar to the 9/11 episode.
The silence from the investigating camps could mean several things: Either terrorists are responsible for the puts on the listed stocks or others besides terrorists had foreknowledge of the attack and used this knowledge to reap a nice financial harvest from the tragedy.
Adam Hamilton of Zeal LLC, a North Dakota-based private consulting company that publishes research on markets worldwide, stated that "I heard that $22 million in profits was made on these put options..."
Federal investigators are continuing to be so closed-mouthed about these stock trades, and it is clear that a much wider net has been cast, apparently looking for bigger international fish involved in dubious financial activity relating to the 9/11 attacks on the world stock markets.
Just a month after the attacks the SEC sent out a list of stocks to various securities firms around the world looking for information. The list includes stocks of American, United, Continental, Northwest, Southwest and US Airways airlines, as well as Martin, Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp., AIG, American Express Corp, American International Group, AMR Corporation, Axa SA, Bank of America Corp, Bank of New York Corp, Bank One Corp, Cigna Group, CNA Financial, Carnival Corp, Chubb Group, John Hancock Financial Services, Hercules Inc, L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., LTV Corporation, Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc., MetLife, Progressive Corp., General Motors, Raytheon, W.R. Grace, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd., Lone Star Technologies, American Express, the Citigroup Inc. ,Royal & Sun Alliance, Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc., VornadoReality Trust, Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter & Co., XL Capital Ltd., and Bear Stearns.
The Times said market regulators in Germany, Japan and the US all had received information concerning the short selling of insurance, airlines and arms companies stock, all of which fell sharply in the wake of the attacks.
City of London broker and analyst Richard Crossley noted that someone sold shares in unusually large quantities beginning three weeks before the assault on the WTC and Pentagon.
He said he took this as evidence that someone had insider foreknowledge of the attacks.
"What is more awful than he should aim a stiletto blow at the heart of Western financial markets?" he added. "But to profit from it? Words fail me."
The US Government also admitted it was investigating short selling, which evinced a compellingly strong foreknowledge of the coming Arab attack.
There was unusually heavy trading in airline and insurance stocks several days before Sept.11, which essentially bet on a drop in the worth of the stocks.
It was reported by the Interdisciplinary Center, a counter-terrorism think tank involving former Israeli intelligence officers, that insiders made nearly $16 million profit by short selling shares in American and United Airlines, the two airlines that suffered hijacking, and the investment firm of Morgan Stanley, which occupied 22 floors of the WTC.
Apparently none of the suspicious transactions could be traced to bin Laden because this news item quietly dropped from sight, leaving many people wondering if it tracked back to American firms or intelligence agencies.
Most of these transactions were handled primarily by Deutsche Bank-A.B.Brown, a firm which until 1998 was chaired by A. B."Buzzy" Krongard, who later became executive director of the CIA.
More serious was an article in the Sept. 28, 2001 edition of the Washington Post stating that officials with the instant messaging firm of Odigo in New York confirmed that two employees in Israel received text messages warning of an attack on the WTC two hours before the planes crashed into the buildings!
The firm's vice president of sales and marketing, Alex Diamandis said it was possible that the warning was sent to other Odigo members, but they had not received any reports of such.
The day after, the Jerusalem Post claimed two Israelis died on the hijacked airplanes and that 4,000 were missing at the WTC.
A week later, a Beirut television station reported that 4,000 Israeli employees of the WTC were absent the day of the attack.
This information spread across the Internet but was quickly branded a hoax.
On Sept. 19, the Washington Post reported about 113 Israelis were missing at the WTC and the next day, President Bush noted more than 130 Israelis were victims.
Finally, on Sept. 22, the New York Times stated "There were, in fact, only three Israelis who had been confirmed as dead: two on the planes and another who had been visiting the towers on business and who was identified and buried."
Investigators from numerous government agencies are part of a clandestine but official effort to resolve the market manipulations
There has been a great deal of talk about the insider trading of American stocks by certain Israeli groups both in Canada and Germany between August 26 and the Sept.11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Government investigators have maintained a diplomatic silence about a Department of Justice (DOJ) probe of possible profiteering by interested parties with advance knowledge of the attack.
On Sept. 6, 2001, the Thursday before the tragedy, 2,075 put options were made on United Airlines and on Sept. 10, the day before the attacks, 2,282 put options were recorded for American Airlines. Given the prices at the time, this could have yielded speculators between $2 million and $4 million in profit.
The matter still is under investigation and none of the government investigating bodies -including the FBI, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and DOJ -are speaking to reporters about insider trading.
Even so, suspicion of insider trading to profit from the Sept. 11 attacks is not limited to U.S. regulators. Investigations were initiated in a number of places including Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Luxembourg, Hong Kong, Switzerland and Spain.
As in the United States, all are treating these inquiries as if they were state secrets.
Contemporary filmmaker Hannah Rothschild tries to uncover the real story behind her great aunt's sudden disappearance. In 1951 the beautiful married mother of five left home and went to New York in search of the man who wrote 'Round Midnight. She found him and this is the extraordinary account of what happened next. A journey that took her from Harlem to Hell and back again. She went to prison for him and gave up everything familiar. But why? Helen Mirren reads Pannonica's words and Sonny Rollins, Quincy Jones, TS Monk junior, Roy Haynes, Curtis Fuller, The Duchess of Devonshire and other luminaries tell their side of the story. This film is the result of a ten year search to solve the puzzle of Pannonica. Written by Hannah Rothschild
As drone regulation legislation works its way through Congress and the 30 (so far) state legislatures where it has been introduced, one question that we hear a lot these days is, “we've had police helicopters for a long time, what's so different about drones?”
For one thing, police helicopters do raise privacy issues. Because of the expense of using manned police aircraft, privacy invasions have not risen to the level that legislators have felt compelled to address them, but incidents do happen. In 2005, for example, a police helicopter supposedly monitoring a street protest in New York City instead trained its infrared camera for a prolonged period on a couple making love on a pitch-black rooftop patio. Any police helicopter that followed a citizen around town for no reason, or hovered over the backyard of innocent homeowners whose daughter was sunbathing with her friends, would probably draw complaints. With drones, scenarios like those are bound to happen much more frequently. And that's because there are some critical distinctions between manned and unmanned aircraft.
1. Drones erase “natural limits” on aerial surveillance
Manned helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft are expensive to acquire, staff, and maintain. A police helicopter costs from $500,000 to $3 million to acquire, and $200-$400 an hour to fly. Manned aircraft are large, complex machines requiring expert ground crews, multiple shifts of pilots and co-pilots, and (unlike drones which can often be hand-launched) runways or helipads. Such expenses mean there are inevitably going to be far fewer of them—which in turn means the police are likely to use them only where they are most needed.
With drones, on the other hand, it's easy to foresee a day when even a professional police drone could be acquired for less than a hundred dollars, including maintenance costs. And if technology and laws eventually reach the point where drones can fly autonomously, they would become even cheaper because police departments wouldn't even have to pay staff to control or monitor them.
2. Drones make new forms of privacy invasion possible
In addition, there are some kinds of privacy invasion that are only possible with drones. For example, micro-drones maneuvering into intrusive places; even the smallest manned helicopter can't fly into a garage or hover unseen outside a third-story bedroom window. Or (as I've written about before), the fact that drones can be silent; the loud noise a helicopter makes serves as a crude kind of “notice” that one may be under surveillance from the air. Silent or high-flying drones that can't be heard provide no such notice.
3. Drones' capabilities are likely to expand even further in the future
The fact that drones are so inexpensive will have another consequence: because so many drones will be out there, and so many people innovating with them, it's very likely that the technology will develop new capabilities that have never existed for police helicopters. Many of these may be things that haven't even occurred to anyone yet, but to pick just one possibility, it could involve the ability for swarms of drones to act in increasingly sophisticated, coordinated fashion to carry out surveillance that a single manned aircraft could never perform. And drones will permit continuous, 24/7 surveillance in a way that we haven't seen with manned aircraft. First, because there will be many more of them, but also because manned craft must return to the ground regularly for shift changes and refueling; drone technology, on the other hand, is moving toward allowing unmanned craft to stay aloft for ever-longer periods of time, for example through solar power, ground-based laser recharging, or the use of blimps.
New Korean comedy-drama Man who Dies to Live has caused an uproar among netizens who have accused it of misusing Islamic values and portraying a false image of Muslims in its scenes.
According to yonhapnews.co.kr, the drama, which has been broadcasted on MBC TV since July 19, tells the story of Jang Dal-goo who travels to a fictional country in the Middle East, gets rich, receives a “count” title and then becomes a citizen under the name of Saeed Fahd Ali. He later returns to Korea to reunite with his long-lost daughter and her husband.
A 'Man who Dies to Live' poster has generated protest from netizens. (twitter.com/Sarw_Dope/File)
The actor who plays the main character of Jang Dal-goo, Choi Min-soo, appears as a stereotypical Arab man by wearing thawb, headscarf and black robe. In one scene, Saeed Fahd Ali is greeted by women wearing revealing swimsuits and donning hijab near a swimming pool. There is also a scene in which Saeed Fahd Ali drinks wine for breakfast. Moreover, in one of the drama's promotional posters, Saeed Fahd Ali poses in front of an open book that looks like a Quran, with his foot raised beside the book.
A scene in which Saeed Fahd Ali drinks wine. (twitter.com/Sarw_Dope/File)
“That drama is sharing the wrong image of Islam and Muslims in general. It's a total piece of garbage,” wrote Twitter user @mayssemgh, who also created a series of tweets on why MBC should not air the drama. “It's literally just ruining Islam's image and making fun of Muslims.”
[ a thread] Reasons why MBC's new drama Man Who Dies To Live should not be aired. YALL NEED TO BOYCOTT IT pic.twitter.com/2ftnjQLqlx — MAY💌 (@mayanaizreal) July 20, 2017
Read also: "Blackface" video in Malaysia blasted on social media
Another netizen, @Sarw_Dope, wrote, “Never place the Quran that way next to a man's foot. Stop disrespecting Islam and Arabs.”
#JusticeForIslam #ManWhoDiesToLive @withMBC
NEVER PLACE THE QURAN THAT WAY NEXT TO A MAN'S FOOT
STOP DISRESPECTING ISLAM & ARABS pic.twitter.com/rYrDOGx8SI — Thicc Nology 🔥 (@Sarw_Dope) July 20, 2017
Protests could also be found on Instagram, where many of its users x-marked the drama's poster as their way of boycotting it. The #JusticeForIslam hashtag has also been circulated on social media.
Instagram users promote a boycott on Korean drama 'Man who Dies to Live.' (instagram.com/kind.mskim/File)
MBC soon apologized on its official social media accounts, saying that all the characters, names and places were entirely fictional. “MBC has no intention in distorting any particular religion, culture or people,” its statement said in Arabic, Korean and English. “And we sincerely apologize for any harm that may have caused to the viewers in regards to the drama.”
MBC said it would take “extreme caution in Production from now onwards.” (kes)
MBC statement in Korean and English. (twitter.com/withMBC/File)
Of course, few will have sympathy for wealthy oenophiles crying over their spilled Margaux. Yet the victims also include teachers, doctors, accountants and wine store workers who used their savings to buy special-occasion wines with Premier Cru.
“Sure it hurts,” said Ned Valois, a retired Florida policeman who may have lost $800 to Premier Cru. “I got suckered into it by the prices. They seemed too good to be true, and they were.”
Premier Cru's collapse has sent a chill through the broader wine and collectibles market. As wine, art, classic cars and other collectibles have soared in value and transformed from status trophies into financial investments, they have also become more prone to fraud. Although fake vintage wine has dogged the industry for years, there are signs that wine fraud has reached a new “financialized” stage, where millions of dollars are lost without a single bottle changing hands.
Premier Cru started out as a low-price wine shop for high-income collectors. Founded in 1980 by Mr. Fox and other partners, it outgrew its store in Emeryville, Calif., and in 2011 opened its gigantic emporium on University Avenue in Berkeley.
Clients said Mr. Fox was the driving force behind Premier Cru. Tall, businesslike and better known for his taste in fast cars than fine wine, Mr. Fox often dealt with Premier Cru's biggest clients and orders. Much of Premier Cru's business came online. Clients say wine buyers often search the Internet for the best prices for top wines, and Premier Cru often undercut its competitors by 15 to 20 percent — significant savings for wines that may sell for more than $1,000 a bottle.
In the 2000s, Premier Cru started expanding its business of selling wine futures, according to clients. Futures allow customers to pay for wine (usually Bordeaux or Burgundy) while it is still in the barrel but is not yet bottled or sold in retail outlets. The wine is delivered more than a year later. If a wine increases in value while it's aging, the buyer gets the wine at a discount. Some buyers can also use futures to buy wine they can later flip for a profit, making futures more like a financial investment.
Thomas Boothe, a lawyer in Portland, Ore., started buying wine and futures from Premier Cru in the late 1980s, he said. He talked with Mr. Fox several times over the years.
Nicole Hollander (via radfeminist)
Well, that isn't true but more importantly, this is: THE ENTIRE SPECIES WOULD GO EXTINCT WITHIN 200 YEARS.
(via coldtrojan)
So, apparently, when my mom choked me and punched me so hard that she chipped my teeth, that wasn't a crime. Or when a girl keyed my car and threw pop and food on it, that wasn't a crime. Or when a girl threatened to curb stomp me, that wasn't a crime.
(via fear-men-ism)
No, there would still be no crime, because most women only commit crimes against men. And to “empower themselves”?? what
(via tuxedoandex)
also why would they all be fat?
The thing is, women have been the main ones to make me unhappy in my life. Best friend who fucked me up? Female. Homophobic nan who loves my cousin more than me? Female. School bullies? Mostly female! Teacher who picked on me? Guess which gender. Girl who pushed me down the stairs, kicked and hit me and threatened to kill me? You got it!
Women are not perfect. They are not innocent. They are capable of being just as fucked up as men are capable of being.
~ Mulan
In a React application, it's very common for a component to contain state that should be editable by a child component. The most basic example uses a text input with a value and onChange handler to display and update the text.
var Editor = React.createClass({ getInitialState: function() { return { text: "" }; }, render: function() { return <input type="text" value={this.state.text} onChange={this.handleChange} />; }, handleChange: function(evt) { this.setState({text: evt.target.value}); } }); View Gist for ex_01.js on GitHub
Doing this over and over, especially in a component with a lot of controlled inputs, can get repetitive. The React addons (available when you use the “React with Add-Ons” download, or via require("react/addons") when using a CommonJS bundler) provide the LinkedStateMixin to simplify situations where an input should remain in lockstep with a given piece of state.
var Editor = React.createClass({ mixins: [React.addons.LinkedStateMixin], getInitialState: function() { return { text: "" }; }, render: function() { return <input type="text" valueLink={this.linkState("text")} />; } }); View Gist for ex_02.js on GitHub
Now the input and the text state will remain synchronized; changing the state via setState will update the input, and changing the input will automatically call setState , updating the text key.
But what does this.linkState(key) , a function provided to our component by LinkedStateMixin , actually return? It's actually a very simple object created by React's ReactLink module:
{ value: ..., // current value of this.state[key] requestChange: function() { ... } // function to call to update this.state[key] } View Gist for ex_03.js on GitHub
The value property contains the current value of this.state[key] , and the requestChange property is a function we can call with a new value for this.state[key] to update it.
That means our above example could more verbosely be written like this:
var Editor = React.createClass({ mixins: [React.addons.LinkedStateMixin], getInitialState: function() { return { text: "" }; }, render: function() { var valueLink = this.linkState("text"); var handleChange = function(evt) { valueLink.requestChange(evt.target.value); }; return <input type="text" value={valueLink.value} onChange={handleChange} />; } }); View Gist for ex_04.js on GitHub
Written this way, it's easy to see that the valueLink property is very straightforward: it simply uses the object's value property as the current value of the form and the object's requestChange property as the callback to change that value. We now have all the information we need to implement a valueLink -style property on any component we write.
Extrapolating to Custom Components
Let's build a simple React component that wraps a simple jQuery color picker. The component wraps a single div, and we utilize React component lifecycle hooks to call appropriate plugin methods when the incoming properties change.
var ColorPicker = React.createClass({ propTypes: { value: React.PropTypes.string, onChange: React.PropTypes.func }, getDefaultProps: function() { return { value: "", onChange: function() {} }; }, render: function() { return <div />; }, componentDidMount: function() { jQuery(this.getDOMNode()).colorPicker({ // initial color from the `value` prop pickerDefault: this.props.value, onColorChange: this.onColorChange }); }, componentWillReceiveProps: function(nextProps) { if (this.props.value !== nextProps.value) { // new `value` prop triggers manual change in plugin var node = jQuery(this.getDOMNode()); node.val(nextProps.value); node.change(); } }, onColorChange: function(id, color) { // color changes sent to parent via `onChange` prop this.props.onChange(color); } }); View Gist for ex_05.js on GitHub
We can use the color picker by passing it value and onChange properties, like so:
It would be nice if our component also supported use of the LinkedStateMixin . Let's change our application to use valueLink :
Since we know that the valueLink property contains an object with value and requestChange properties, we can easily modify the ColorPicker component:
var ColorPicker = React.createClass({ propTypes: { valueLink: React.PropTypes.shape({ value: React.PropTypes.string.isRequired, requestChange: React.PropTypes.func.isRequired }) }, getDefaultProps: function() { return { valueLink: { value: "", requestChange: function() {} } }; }, render: function() { return <div />; }, componentDidMount: function() { jQuery(this.getDOMNode()).colorPicker({ // initial color from the `valueLink` prop pickerDefault: this.props.valueLink.value, onColorChange: this.onColorChange }); }, componentWillReceiveProps: function(nextProps) { if (this.props.valueLink.value !== nextProps.valueLink.value) { // new `valueLink.value` prop triggers manual change in plugin var node = jQuery(this.getDOMNode()); node.val(nextProps.valueLink.value); node.change(); } }, onColorChange: function(id, color) { // color changes sent to parent via `valueLink` prop this.props.valueLink.requestChange(color); } }); View Gist for ex_08.js on GitHub
However, we've lost the ability to use value and onChange with our component, since we've hard-coded it to use this.props.valueLink everywhere. We could litter the component with if statements checking for the existence of this.props.valueLink , but instead let's write a simple abstraction so we don't have to worry about it:
var ColorPicker = React.createClass({ // ... getValueLink: function(props) { return props.valueLink || { value: props.value, requestChange: props.onChange }; } }); View Gist for ex_09.js on GitHub
This getValueLink function takes a properties object and either returns its valueLink property, if it has one, or creates one from the value and onChange properties. Now, we can write our component as if we always have a valueLink property:
var ColorPicker = React.createClass({ propTypes: { value: React.PropTypes.string, onChange: React.PropTypes.func, valueLink: React.PropTypes.shape({ value: React.PropTypes.string.isRequired, requestChange: React.PropTypes.func.isRequired }) }, getDefaultProps: function() { return { value: "", onChange: function() {}, valueLink: null }; }, getValueLink: function(props) { return props.valueLink || { value: props.value, requestChange: props.onChange }; }, render: function() { return <div />; }, componentDidMount: function() { jQuery(this.getDOMNode()).colorPicker({ pickerDefault: this.getValueLink(this.props).value, onColorChange: this.onColorChange }); }, componentWillReceiveProps: function(nextProps) { var currentValueLink = this.getValueLink(this.props), nextValueLink = this.getValueLink(nextProps); if (currentValueLink.value !== nextValueLink.value) { var node = jQuery(this.getDOMNode()); node.val(nextValueLink.value); node.change(); } }, onColorChange: function(id, color) { this.getValueLink(this.props).requestChange(color); } }); View Gist for ex_10.js on GitHub
For an American icon painter, see Philip Zimmerman
Philip R. "Phil" Zimmermann, Jr. (born February 12, 1954) is the creator of Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), the most widely used email encryption software in the world.[1] He is also known for his work in VoIP encryption protocols, notably ZRTP and Zfone. Zimmermann is co-founder and Chief Scientist of the global encrypted communications firm Silent Circle.
Background [ edit ]
He was born in Camden, New Jersey. His father was a concrete mixer truck driver. Zimmermann received a B.S. degree in computer science from Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida in 1978, and thereafter moved to the San Francisco Bay Area. In the 1980s, Zimmermann worked in Boulder, Colorado as a software engineer and was a part of the Nuclear Weapons Freeze Campaign as a military policy analyst.[2]
PGP [ edit ]
In 1991, he wrote the popular Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) program, and made it available (together with its source code) through public FTP for download, the first widely available program implementing public-key cryptography. Shortly thereafter, it became available overseas via the Internet, though Zimmermann has said he had no part in its distribution outside the United States.
The very first version of PGP included an encryption algorithm, BassOmatic, developed by Zimmermann.[3]
Arms Export Control Act investigation [ edit ]
After a report from RSA Security, who were in a licensing dispute with regard to the use of the RSA algorithm in PGP, the United States Customs Service started a criminal investigation of Zimmermann, for allegedly violating the Arms Export Control Act.[4] The United States Government had long regarded cryptographic software as a munition, and thus subject to arms trafficking export controls. At that time, the boundary between what cryptography was permitted ("low-strength") and impermissible ("high-strength") for export from the United States was placed such that PGP fell on the too-strong-to-export side of the boundary. The boundary for legal export has since been raised and now allows PGP to be exported. The investigation lasted three years, but was finally dropped without filing charges.
After the government dropped its case without indictment in early 1996, Zimmermann founded PGP Inc. and released an updated version of PGP and some additional related products. That company was acquired by Network Associates (NAI) in December 1997, and Zimmermann stayed on for three years as a Senior Fellow. NAI decided to drop the product line and in 2002, PGP was acquired from NAI by a new company called PGP Corporation. Zimmermann served as a special advisor and consultant to that firm until Symantec acquired PGP Corporation in 2010.[1] Zimmermann is also a fellow at the Stanford Law School's Center for Internet and Society. He was a principal designer of the cryptographic key agreement protocol (the "association model") for the Wireless USB standard.
Silent Circle [ edit ]
Along with Mike Janke, in 2012 he created Silent Circle, a secure hardware and subscription based software security company.[2][5]
Dark Mail Alliance [ edit ]
In October 2013, Zimmermann, along with other key employees from Silent Circle, teamed up with Lavabit founder Ladar Levison to create the Dark Mail Alliance. The goal of the organization is to work on a new protocol to replace PGP that will encrypt email metadata, among other things that PGP is not capable of.
Zimmermann's Law [ edit ]
In 2013, an article on Zimmermann's Law quoted Phil Zimmermann as saying The natural flow of technology tends to move in the direction of making surveillance easier, and the ability of computers to track us doubles every eighteen months,[6] in reference to Moore's law.
Awards and other recognition [ edit ]
Zimmermann has received numerous technical and humanitarian awards for his pioneering work in cryptography:
Simon Singh's The Code Book devotes an entire chapter to Zimmermann and PGP.[13]
Publications [ edit ]
The Official PGP User's Guide , MIT Press, 1995 [14]
, MIT Press, 1995 PGP Source Code and Internals, MIT Press, 1995[15]
See also [ edit ]
(Photo via Wikimedia Commons)
If you live in Los Angeles, you've probably passed by a car parked brazenly in the narrow space between the sidewalk and the curb, envied the driver's confidence, then thought to yourself, "I bet they're going to get a ticket." For the past five years, you would have been wrong; this practice, known as "verge", "curb strip", "apron", or "parkway" parking, has largely been ignored by L.A. parking officials. Now, the city's transportation committee is pushing to crack down on verge parking with a new law that would make it illegal to stop, stand or park on the land between sidewalks and curbs.
The new parking law comes before City Council next week, and if it passes, the Transportation Department will begin ticketing verge parkers in mid-August, the LA Times reports; enforcement of ticketing for apron parkers was quietly suspended in 2011, but some locals in Koreatown, East Hollywood and Westlake—three parking-scarce neighborhoods in which verge parking is common—claim parking destroys grass and curbs in front of their homes. Recently, frustrated residents have taken matters into their own hands by installing landscaping and bollards in between sidewalks and curbs, Curbed reports.
"The effort to keep cars off of parkways is addressing a safety issue," a spokesperson for City Councilmember and Transportation Committee chair Mike Bonin's office told LAist, adding, "It isn't safe for cars to pull up onto areas that weren't designed for vehicles, next to sidewalks where people are walking, and it isn't safe when they drive off of curbs, into traffic that isn't expecting cars to come out of nowhere." If the City Council approves the ordinance and Mayor Eric Garcetti signs it into law, there will be a 30-day grace period in which Parking Enforcement officials will reach out to the community about the change in policy and put warnings on cars parked on the parkway, Bonin's office explained.
Reality is revised contract to be given to all junior doctors – NHS Employers
NHS Employers has said while it is “disappointed” the BMA's junior doctors' committee has decided not to re-enter contract negotiations, the “reality” is that a revised contract will be given to all junior doctors.
In July, the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, gave the BMA until September to negotiate on a new contract for junior doctors and consultants. However, he did warn: “There will now be six weeks to work with BMA union negotiators before a September decision point.”
Unfortunately, despite exploring the possibility of re-entering negotiations, the BMA has come to the conclusion this is not possible on junior contracts.
However, NHS Employers has stated the government's timetable is “clear” and there will be the introduction of a new junior doctors' contract from the August 2016 intake.
Paul Wallace, director of employment relations and reward at NHS Employers, said: “We remain disappointed not to have reached an agreement with the BMA junior doctors' committee. The reality is a revised contract will be given to all junior doctors and we will continue to focus on that over a challenging timetable.”
The Department of Health has also confirmed that NHS Employers will work to prepare a new contract for August 2016.
The BMA has argued that the government should reverse its position on the Review Body on Doctors' and Dentists' Remuneration (DDRB) recommendations, which they claim would extend routine working hours from 60 per week to 90.
Responding to the latest news the government will seek to impose a new contract on junior doctors from August 2016, Dr Andrew Collier, co-chair of the BMA junior doctor committee, said: “The BMA wants to deliver a contract that protects patient safety and is fair to both junior doctors and the health service as a whole. However we can only do this if the UK government and others are prepared to work collaboratively in a genuine negotiation.
“We listened to the vast majority of junior doctors who told us that the DDRB proposals are not acceptable. We remain committed to agreeing contract that protects against junior doctors routinely working long hours, delivers a fair system of pay, values the vital role of training and does not disadvantage those in flexible working.
“We have not received adequate assurance from the government that they are committed to achieving these goals. We urge the government not to impose a contract that is unsafe and unfair. We will resist a contract that is bad for patients, bad for junior doctors and bad for the NHS.”
Danny Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, said the challenge now is to “press ahead” with the “essential” reform of the junior doctors' contract.
“We will do this in a way which engages directly with junior doctors,” he said.
By Matthew Brunwasser Yambol, Bulgaria
Image copyright Hristo Rusev
A Bulgarian trader in spare parts for buses has become a national celebrity after starting to patrol the Turkish border "hunting" for migrants. Many Bulgarians applaud his vigilante initiative, though others are deeply troubled.
"Bulgaria needs people like me, dignified Bulgarians, willing to defend their homeland," says Dinko Valev, sipping a fresh-squeezed orange juice in a flashy cafe in his hometown, Yambol, 50km (30 miles) from Bulgaria's border with Turkey.
Valev, 29, is a beefy semi-professional wrestler with a shaved head and a brusque manner. His left pectoral is tattooed with a cross the size of a T-bone steak.
He became famous overnight last month when national television news carried a report labelling him a "superhero" and detailing a violent encounter with a group of Syrians near the border as he was out riding on his quad bike.
Image copyright Facebook / Dinko Valev
The presenter praised Valev for subduing the group of 12 Syrian men, three women and a child "with his bare hands".
They can be seen on mobile phone footage filmed by one of Valev's companions, lying on the ground waiting for police to arrive. Valev can be heard insulting the refugees and saying that they came from Syria "to kill us like dogs".
Image copyright Facebook / Dinko Valev
"These are disgusting and bad people and they should stay where they are," Valev tells me in the cafe. He estimates that 95% of Bulgarians support him, describing the migrants as dangerous "terrorists, jihadists and Taliban".
"Bulgaria is an unfenced yard and is completely disorganised," he says, reflecting a lack of confidence in government that many Bulgarians share.
In fact, the Bulgarian government has built a fence along about half of the Turkish border, and is now seeking to lengthen it.
Valev has used his new-found fame to call for volunteers to join him on a border patrol. On 12 March, he says, some 50 unarmed people gathered to look for migrants along the forested border, on quad bikes and jeeps.
But a large group of border police were waiting when they arrived. According to Valev they were deliberately scaring away migrants to prevent the vigilantes catching any. The time and place of future patrols, he says, will not be publicly announced.
Border police spokeswoman, Lora Lyubenova, says the authorities welcome information from citizens about criminal activity - including illegal border crossings - but that only the police have the authority to detain and arrest people.
Last year more than a million people used the "Western Balkan route" to enter the European Union though only 90,000 are known to have entered Bulgaria.
Even so, the Bulgarian media is permeated with inflammatory anti-migrant rhetoric. A 2013 study by the Association of European Journalists, a Sofia-based NGO, looked at 8,439 articles about migrants published in the Bulgarian media and found that the two most commonly appearing words were "threat" and "disease." The director of Bulgaria's National History Museum, popular historian Bozhidar Dimitrov has floated the idea of converting migrants to Christianity, and suggested that Bulgaria accept only women and children.
"Public officials openly instil fear and animosity against the refugees, consistently presenting them as a threat to the Bulgarian public," says Margarita Ilieva, head of the legal programme at the Bulgarian Helsinki Committee, a human rights organisation.
The Helsinki Committee has asked prosecutors to investigate Valev, pointing out that he bragged on national television about committing half a dozen crimes: assault and battery, making death threats, unlawful detention, inciting ethnic hatred and inciting ethnic violence.
For his part, Valev says that he was acting in self-defence after a Syrian man tried to stab him.
Several other Syrian men then became aggressive, Valev says, so he then used force to subdue them as well.
When Valev was taken in for questioning by police on Friday, a crowd of about 30 protesters gathered outside shouting "Dinko is a hero!" and "We don't want migrants!"
Image copyright Hristo Rusev
Fear of migrants has become a powerful focal point for popular discontent about many unrelated problems, according to Haralan Alexandrov a social anthropologist at the New Bulgarian University, who says Bulgarians are no more or less xenophobic than any other Europeans.
Corruption, poverty, disappointment with EU membership, Bulgaria's dysfunctional judicial system and the failure to reform it - all these make Bulgarians angry, he says.
"Instead of focusing your anger against the powerful judiciary, it's easier to attack the terrified refugees hiding in the weeds. You sense that something is wrong with the world and somebody must be blamed, so you choose the weaker target," he explains.
There is also historical trauma. Bulgaria was part of the Ottoman Empire for some 500 years until 1878, and nationalist propaganda has programmed Bulgarians to view every representative of the Islamic world as a potential rapist and terrorist, Alexandrov says - a perception exacerbated by the recent bombings next door in Turkey.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Syrians near the Turkish city of Edirne heading for the Bulgarian border (September 2015)
Meanwhile, the failure of European leaders to deal with the migrant crisis is seen as "definitive proof that the European Union is a tired, wrinkled old grandmother who has allowed herself to be groped and raped by lustful and predatory men," he says.
One new concern is the possibility that trafficking routes may change as a result of the new agreement between the European Union and Turkey on returning asylum-seekers. Last week Prime Minister Boyko Borisov said the government remained ready to erect a fence along Bulgaria's border with Greece too, if it proved necessary.
Meanwhile, the mayor of Topolovgrad, between Yambol and the Turkish border, has made headlines by asking the defence ministry for military equipment to set up a local volunteer emergency response force, in case the flow of migrants escalates - an armoured personnel carrier, an armoured reconnaissance vehicle, two flatbed military trucks, 30 AK-47 rifles, uniforms, combat boots and tents.
He said some 200 local men had already volunteered.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
From Popular Mechanics
Just ahead of Elon Musk's big keynote address tomorrow on colonizing Mars, "Making Humans a Multiplanetary Species," SpaceX test fired the new engine that Musk hopes will lift the first astronauts to the red planet. The Raptor engine is SpaceX's first liquid methane and liquid oxygen fueled engine, unlike the family of Merlin engines that uses Rocket Propellant-1, or RP-1, a highly refined form of kerosene as well as liquid oxygen as a source of fuel.
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine pic.twitter.com/vRleyJvBkx - Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 26, 2016
With a new methane fuel source, the Raptor puts out more than three times the thrust as the Merlin engines that power the Falcon 9 rocket. The engine is going to need the extra thrust to launch the Interplanetary Transport System (ITS), formerly called the Mars Colonial Transporter-a launch system that SpaceX is currently developing and hopes will carry the first crewed Dragon spacecraft to Mars.
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 MN (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar - Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 26, 2016
Elon Musk will reveal more details during his keynote speech tomorrow about how SpaceX plans to meet its highly ambitious goals to send an unmanned spacecraft to Mars by 2018 and put the first person on the red planet just six years later. The recent explosion of a Falcon 9 rocket during launchpad testing certainly throws a wrench into SpaceX's short-term launch schedule, but today's new engine test fire might be an indication that its long-term quest for planetary colonization is proceeding according to schedule.
You Might Also Like
This morning, Virgin Galactic tweeted that their SpaceShipTwo spaceplane had experienced an “in-flight anomaly”
We have now confirmed that SpaceShipTwo has crashed during a test flight due to currently unknown causes. A press conference is planned with more details at 2 pm pacific.
SpaceShipTwo was designed primarily for space tourism, meant to carry passengers high enough to experience near-weightlessness for roughly $200,000 per ticket. This was a test flight, however, so no passengers are believed to have been onboard.
Update: VirginGalactic confirms the loss of SpaceShipTwo. See timeline below.
WhiteKnightTwo, the jet-powered craft that carries SpaceShipTwo to altitude before detaching, landed safely. At an altitude of roughly 50,000 feet, WhiteKniteTwo releases SpaceShipTwo to fly on its own by rocket power. WK2 had released SpaceShipTwo for free flight roughly 6 minutes before the crash.
There were at least two pilots on board SpaceShipTwo before the crash; their status is unknown. We will update as soon as we hear more.
Update: The California Highway Patrol is telling news outlets that 1 pilot has died, with the other seriously injured.
Timeline of Tweets
#SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely for the 35th time. — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Ignition! #SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again. Stay tuned for updates. — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo has experienced an in-flight anomaly. Additional info and statement forthcoming. — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
During the test, the vehicle suffered a serious anomaly resulting in the loss of SpaceShipTwo. WK2 landed safely. (2 of 4) — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Our first concern is the status of the pilots, which is unknown at this time. (3 of 4) — Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
New Blue Key Campaign for Refugees Urges Americans to Take Action
WASHINGTON, April 18, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As part of a new movement in social activism, the United States Association for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (USA for UNHCR) is calling on Americans to play a role in ending forest depletion around African refugee camps. The issue is a growing problem that harms the fragile ecosystems surrounding these vulnerable areas and contributes to physical harm and threats to the safety of young refugee women and girls responsible for collecting firewood for cooking.
To protect the African forests and safeguard refugee women and girls, USA for UNHCR is using the Earth Day 2011 observance on April 22 to raise awareness of deforestation around refugee camps and encourage support for the Blue Key Campaign -- a U.S.-based initiative to channel the energy of individual citizens to provide a better future for more than 43 million forcibly displaced people worldwide.
Deforestation around refugee camps is rampant. The traditional refugee campfire requires two to three pounds of firewood to boil 1.5 gallons of water and to make 15 pounds of rice. Wood consumption around refugee camps largely exceeds the natural production of wood resources. As refugees walk ever-longer distances to find firewood, environmental degradation spreads, and refugee women are at risk of sexual assault when traveling unprotected outside their camps.
Stoves such as the Save80, among other similar devices, use small pieces of firewood, usually too small for use in traditional fires, inserted into an opening at the base of the stove. By using firewood that would otherwise be overlooked and more efficiently retaining heat, the Save80 stove enables refugees to cook more food using less fuel. Each stove comes with a pan, a glass lid and a box for cooking with retained heat and costs $58.
Distributing fuel-efficient stoves in refugee camps will save up to 80 percent of the firewood needed for a traditional three-stone fire. If expanded, this program could save 102,784 metric tons of firewood annually, reversing the deforestation trend around refugee camps in Africa and helping achieve UN Millennium Development Goal 7: reversing the loss of environmental resources.
"This Earth Day, it is important to look at how ongoing conflicts around the world can have an effect on the environment," said Marc Breslaw, executive director of the USA for UNHCR. "Reducing the amount of firewood needed in refugee camps can have a great impact on the local environment. In many countries such as Chad and Sudan, deforestation and degradation are serious concerns. Save80 stoves offer an environmentally-friendly solution to the needs of displaced people living in refugee camps."
Donations to the USA for UNHCR through the Blue Key Campaign support UN Refugee Agency programs to provide these fuel-efficient stoves, and protection, shelter, emergency food, water, medical care and other life-saving assistance to more than 43 million people worldwide. By supporting the Blue Key, Americans are taking a stand both for the environment and the safety of refugees.
Supplying more Save80 stoves to African refugee camps will protect refugee women and girls, who, according to UNHCR, spend up to four days week collecting firewood outside the camps.
Usually traveling in small groups early in the morning, refugee women and girls regularly walk three or more miles to find enough flammable materials to cook breakfast at sunrise. This journey puts them at high exposure to the risk of rape and sexual attack from local militia and men living near the camps. Humanitarian aid agencies working on gender-based violence efforts report receiving upwards of 200 reports per month in Darfur alone.
"I am satisfied with the new stove, because now I spend less time searching for firewood. I spent four days a week with a bundle of firewood on my back in places far away. Now I go and collect firewood only once a week," says Mariam Moussa Arbab, a 52-year-old Sudanese refugee living in Touloum camp, Chad.
"Earth Day is a time when Americans are seeking ways to protect the environment. By supporting the Blue Key campaign, we have the opportunity to prevent deforestation while also making a difference for women and girls living in African refugee camps," said Breslaw. "It is rare that one small action can have such an immediate and significant impact."
Additional details about the Blue Key and Save80 stoves are online at http://bit.ly/save80 .
About The Blue Key
An initiative of the USA for UNHCR, the Blue Key Campaign supports refugees who are working hard to rebuild their lives. With the Blue Key, you'll join a community of refugees, celebrities and world leaders that are speaking out about the needs of displaced people around the world and unlocking the door to a better future. Since 1950, we've opened more than 50 million doors to a new life for refugees worldwide. Your Blue Key will open one more.
About the USA for UNHCR
The United States Association for UNHCR (USA for UNHCR) supports the UN Refugee Agency's humanitarian work to protect and assist refugees around the world. We strive to meet the needs of the world's most vulnerable people, building support and awareness in the United States for UNHCR's life-saving relief programs. Established by concerned U.S. citizens, USA for UNHCR is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Washington, DC.
SOURCE USA for UNHCR
Unless you've just arrived in 2009 on a time machine, you know that smoking isn't good for you. Did you know, that smoking isn't good for your computer, either? It's true, at least according to Apple. Two readers in different parts of the country claim that their Applecare warranties were voided due to secondhand smoke. Both readers appealed their cases up to the office of God Steve Jobs himself. Both lost.
Back in April, Derek copied us on his e-mail to Jobs:
I took my mid 2007 Apple Macbook (black) into the Jordan Creek Apple Store in West Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday, April 25th, because I had been experiencing some issues with it overheating, and figured the fan was bad. After some initial testing, they took the computer in for work under my Applecare plan, which has over a year remaining on it. Today, April, 28, 2008, the Apple Store called and informed me that due to the computer having been used in a house where there was smoking, that has voided the warranty and they refuse to work on the machine, due to “health risks of second hand smoke”. Not only is this faulty science, attributing non smoking residue to second hand smoke, on Chad's part, no where in your applecare terms of service can I find anything mentioning being used in a smoking environment as voiding the warranty.
Jobs' office did not help Derek, but he resolved some of the problems himself by disassembling his Macbook and cleaning it out with a can of compressed air.
A few months later, reader Ruth wrote to us with an identical complaint after trying to have her son's iMac repaired at a local authorized repair center.
I bought an iMac for my son (for school) along with the extended Applecare warranty. A month ago, it quit working. My son took it to the authorized Mac service center. The “tech” informed him it would be ready in 48-72 hours. Five days go by and he's heard nothing, so I called. They informed me that his computer can't be worked on because it's contaminated. When I asked for an explanation, she said he's a smoker and it's contaminated with cigarette smoke which they consider a bio-hazard! I checked my Applecare warranty and it says nothing about not honoring warranties if the owner is a smoker. The Applecare representative said they defer to the technician and my son's computer cannot be fixed at any Apple Service Center due to being listed a bio-hazard. This computer cost approx. $3,000, with the extended warranty. I'm all for destroying cigarettes and putting big tobacco out of business (yes, I'm a reformed smoker), but to label a computer a biohazard because one is a smoker is going a bit too far in regulating who can have the warranty they purchased honored. Shouldn't there be some disclaimer stating that they won't honor warranties from smokers?
Ruth appealed her case to Steve Jobs's office, which also declined to repair the iMac. In another letter, she wrote:
Dena [from Jobs' office] did advise me that nicotine is on OSHA's list of hazardous substances and Apple would not require an employee to repair anything deemed hazardous to their health. However, OSHA also lists calcium carbonate (found in calcium tablets), isopropyl alcohol (used to clean wounds), chlorine (used in swimming pools), hydrogen peroxide (also used to clean wounds), sucrose (a sugar), talc (as in powder), etc… as hazardous substances. … Dena set up an appointment at the same Apple Store. They told me that they would take pictures of the computer – both inside and out before determining whether to proceed and that if the only problem was the optical drive, they'd probably just replace it. Dena called me earlier this week to deliver the “bad news.” She said that the computer is beyond economical repair due to tar from cigarette smoke! She said the hard drive is about to fail, the optical drive has failed and it isn't feasible to repair the computer under the warranty. This computer is less than 2 years old! Only one person in my household smokes – one 21 year old college student. She said that I can get it repaired elsewhere at my expense. I asked why my warranty didn't cover the repair and was told it's an OSHA violation.
UPDATE:On Monday, reader Jeniffer wrote in that she has experienced the same problem with her Mac–in the last week.
I own a mac and live in Oklahoma. Recently the burner stopped working.
We have AppleCare so we took it in 2 days ago for repair. We just
recieved a call today stating we needed to come get it because they
are refusing to work on it due to health hazards from second hand
smoke due to OSHA violations.
Consumerist has tried repeatedly to obtain some kind of answer about these two cases from Apple's media relations department, and we have received nothing on the record after months of waiting. Mostly, we're curious what the threshold is for smoke damage to a computer, and why this is not mentioned in the Applecare contract.
(Photo: Sutanto Saputro ???)
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will testify in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday as part of its investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.
But whether the American people will actually have a chance to hear what he says is still uncertain — it's not yet clear whether Sessions will appear in an open session or a closed session before members of the committee.
Sessions had been scheduled to testify in front of the Senate Appropriations Committee to discuss the Justice Department's budget. But he agreed to instead testify before the Intelligence Committee in the wake of former FBI Director James Comey's no-holds-barred testimony last week; it had become clear Sessions would face questions related to the Russia investigation no matter what committee he faced.
“In light of reports regarding Mr. Comey's recent testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence,” Sessions said in a statement Saturday, “it is important that I have an opportunity to address these matters in the appropriate forum.”
The attorney general recused himself in March from any investigation into Russian meddling after it became clear he had misled senators during his own confirmation hearing, failing to tell them about his meetings with Russian ambassador to the U.S. Sergei Kislyak.
I agree with all of these except for the cursing, camping, and griefing. If you can't handle someone curing, even at you, then just mute them. Plain and simple, and really people can say far worst then just someone says "fuck you". Camping is also a strategy in many FPS, and doesn't affect anyone unless your just that bad that you can't remember or even think of a way to get rid of the camper. Lastly griefing isn't always toxic in some occasions. If your on lets say a Garry's Mod DarkRP that is especially known to false ban, or just looks shitty/cancer in general, and someone minges (minges = trolls, or aka Grief in your explanation) on that server, that doesn't really make them toxic, it just proves the server itself is toxic. If your on a game that there's no way to choose your servers, and/or mute people, and/or there's only 1 server that does a particular gamemode, and someone minges in any of those occasions, that's probably when you can think of them as a toxic gamer. In all of these cases that you explained though, it can just really all depend on the situation of each, and just the person themselves as well. It also depends on whether any actions any one does inflict with another gamer's experience, in multiple occasions.
First, there was Doctor Graves.
He only lived ten minutes away, and he arrived in about that time, striding in through the front door without knocking, asking Leon brisk questions as they hurried to Tel's bedroom. Was Tel having trouble breathing? Could he speak? Was he aware of his surroundings? Once at Tel's bedside he sent everyone out of the room except Felicia.
Tel opened his eyes.
“What's the problem, old man?” asked Graves quietly, as he bent to look closely into Tel's face.
“He seems to have had a severe emotional shock,” Dr. Graves told Leon and Marion when he emerged an hour and a half later. “You did right to keep him warm, elevate his legs. Your mother is giving him some water. His heartbeat and temperature are back to normal now, and he's sitting up and talking but don't let him get up and wander. He's stable now, so I've given him a mild sedative and he should sleep through the night once he drops off. Talk to him when he feels like it, but make sure he doesn't overdo it.”
The doctor frowned. “I'm a little concerned because he appears to be somewhat confused, but I've seen that when someone, especially a parent, gets terrible news. And your mother… You both need to watch her. She's not herself, not the Felicia I know. Marion, would you go in and help her with your father-in-law? Let Felicia finish giving him his drink, but then try to convince her to lie down for a bit. Both of them should sleep.”
Marion nodded, and hurried down the hall to the bedroom.
Doctor Graves turned towards Leon, his eyes suddenly very keen. “Is there someplace private where we could talk?”
Since the women were busy upstairs, the first floor parlor seemed the best place.
“Son, I'm going to need to talk to you man-to-man. I assume you read that note from Schoolmeester?”
Leon nodded.
“Does your father's reaction to it make any sense to you? Any at all? Have you ever heard the name Lamont Duday before?”
“No. Never.”
“I asked your mother. I didn't want to but I did. She wouldn't answer. All I got was silence. Nothing. That's not like her, that's not like her at all. I think it's fair to say I'm almost as worried about her as I am about him. But about your father — Tel kept insisting I must remember this person. The man was in tears. ‘You delivered him,' he kept saying. ‘You must have loved him too. You must remember him.'”
“Leon, I have absolutely no memory of delivering any child of Tel's other than your sister and you.”
“Do you think Papa has had a stroke?”
“I see no physical signs of that. But — this is why I want to talk to you privately, and why I'm hoping you'll be the good son I am sure you can be. It is possible that I did deliver another child of Tel's.”
“Families have secrets, son. Men… Well, you were overseas. I don't think I need to tell you about men, or remind you that your father is a man. Perhaps your father made a mistake. Many husbands who are otherwise loving to do. I deliver so many babies on this island, often to women who have husbands who are ‘traveling,' as they put it, or who claim to be widows when they are not. And who's to say he's not just mixed up? Dr. Teach was still treating your uncle's family. Maybe Teach delivered the child and Tel's forgotten that. Your father might have thought there'd be a bit more secrecy that way. Do you get my drift?”
“Yes, doctor, I think I do.”
“If there's one thing I know about Telesphore Duday, it's that he's a good, attentive father, maybe even a little over-protective. If what I suspect happened, I can't imagine him turning his back on a son.”
Leon stepped away. He was struggling to remember something he'd heard ago, a story either Greg or Laurette had told him after he'd changed. God, his brain had been shot to hell back then. Listening, concentrating, retaining things had been so hard.
“He's still your father, Leon,” Dr. Graves was saying. “And he needs you now, more than ever. I hope, I very much hope you can forgive him, you can try to be understanding…”
Leon turned to face Graves. “He is my father and I love him, no matter what. All I want is for him to recover. Doctor, do you have any records that could tell us anything? This person… Whatever mistakes Papa made, Lamont Duday could be my brother. If he's died doing his job as a reporter covering the war he should be acknowledged.”
Graves sighed. “The Town Hall fire fourteen years ago put paid to that. Birth records, census records, legal papers… It's a mess. Any answers you might have found in public documents went up in smoke back then. I'm sorry, Leon, but my advice is to focus on the here and now. That's your best hope.”
Papa was sleeping, snoring faintly but steadily. Mama also slept close by, after Marion pulled out the truckle bed and made it up for her. Leon tried to get Marion to go to sleep in their room, but she insisted on spending the night in the chair next to the bed. “They might need me,” she told him.
She had been very quiet and white-faced since his father's collapse and Leon was a little worried about her. “Let me stay here and watch them,” he said. “I'm used to being awake all night. Seriously, Mouse, it won't bother me a bit.”
But she shook her head and smiled sadly, patting his cheek. “I'd rather be with them,” she said. “I don't think I'd be able to sleep anyway.”
He kissed her, and stepped out into the hallway.
He stopped.
He counted the doors.
There was the large bedroom he'd just left, where his parents slept. There was Papa's study. There was the sewing room. There was the bedroom he and Marion shared. There was the guest bedroom.
And there was the room near the end of the hall.
That room was…
He drew a blank. A very strange blank.
They had one spare room, the room for guests. He remembered that. He knew that. And yet there was, by his count, now two spare rooms.
Leon walked down the corridor to the room near the end. He stopped at the extra door.
He bent and listened.
Silence.
Feeling a little foolish, he opened the door.
He stepped in and closed the door behind him.
Advertisements
Katy Perry won a major real estate battle on Wednesday, with a Los Angeles judge ruling that the singer will get the chance to buy a former Loz Feliz convent.
The hilltop convent is highly coveted real estate, with Perry offering $14.5 million for the property. Two nuns who used to live there, however, tried to sell the property to entrepreneur Dana Hollister.
A local Catholic archbishop argued that the nuns did not own the property, and he tried to sell it to Perry. Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Bowick saw it his way, ruling on Wednesday that the nuns' attempts to sell the building were improper.
She also ruled that Los Angeles' archbishop has to authorize any sale of the property, and that the nuns did not clear the sale with him first.
Bowick's ruling rescinds Hollister's deed on the property. Hollister had planned to turn that building into a boutique hotel, which drew concerns from some neighbors.
Hollister had already begun to renovate the ex-convent, but was sued by the archdiocese last year, sparking the litigation involving Hollister, the nuns and Perry. Perry met with the nuns in May 2014 to see if an agreement could be worked out. Two of the nuns, however, left the meeting unconvinced.
While Perry has the approval of the archbishop, her bid will also have to be approved by the Vatican to complete the sale.
THE BEST player of this year's finals series will win the Gary Ayres Award after the AFL Coaches Association struck a new medal in the Hawthorn great's honour.
Ayres was the first player to win the Norm Smith Medal twice and played in five Hawthorn premierships in his 269-game career from 1978-1993 as a revered back pocket star.
Competing coaches will vote in the same 5-4-3-2-1 format as the home and away season to determine the winner, which will be announced on the Monday following the Grand Final.
Star Cat takes out AFLCA award
Ayres, who was humbled to be recognised for his big-game performances, said it would be an award all types of players could win – from star midfielders to key defenders.
"This is where you step up, where you try and inspire one another and we all know there's been plenty of roles applied on different days," Ayres told AFL.com.au.
"For everyone who represents their clubs, playing finals is what you want to achieve and it's why you sacrifice so much and do all the hard work.
"When you step onto that finals arena, it's about not losing sight of what's on offer.
"And if you're lucky enough to be successful it's just a wonderful achievement. It's why we ride the highs and lows."
Being a big game player – as illustrated by his 1986 and 1988 Norm Smith Medals – was the aspect of his career Ayres said he was most proud of.
His message to young players preparing to compete in their first finals series next week was not to take the opportunity for granted.
"I'd certainly be saying grab that chance, because you just don't know when you're going to get another one," he said.
"My advice would be along the lines of try to control what you can, remember this is the next step in the bigger picture, enjoy it, and remember to apply the things you've learned in your game."
AFLCA CEO Mark Brayshaw paid tribute to Ayres' decorated career, which included the 1986 best and fairest and selection in three All Australian teams (1983, 1986 and 1988).
"We're pleased to initiate the Gary Ayres Award for the best finals player in the 2016 finals series, in recognition of a former AFL coach who was also one of the all-time great grand finalists," Brayshaw said.
"Gary coached 223 games at Geelong and Adelaide, including 12 finals and the 1995 Grand Final, but his playing record was also extraordinary.
"We believe the Gary Ayres Award will be an honour to win and will quickly become a well-regarded part of the finals series."
Ayres was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1999 and named in Hawthorn's Team of the Century in 2001 in a back pocket.
After a couple month hiatus, I am back writing and will be on a consistent basis! Much like the Bengals, who are back in action tonight for the first time since taking down the Ravens in the season finale over seven months ago. Here are five things to watch in tonight's preseason opener against Tampa Bay:
1. The offensive line
Without question and rightfully so, this is the biggest concern of the 2017 Cincinnati Bengals. Whenever the team is talked about, the reasoning behind the upcoming season falling short is the big men up front. Tonight, we will get our first look at the post-Whit and Zeitler o-line. Cedric Ogbuehi and Jake Fisher, the tackles, will be the two to watch with the first team. Can either one of them handle the outside? It's not just the starters we should be watching. A lack of depth is well known, so it will be interesting to see how Trey Hopkins, Christian Westerman and the rest of the backups perform as well. My belief is just average offensive line play will be good enough with the plethora of weapons this club has.
2. Joe Mixon
Anyone who complained about the rookie running back bring listed 4th on the team's first depth chart hasn't followed this team since 2003. Mixon has been the clear MVP of training camp and is going to be heavily involved in the offense this season. People place too much on who starts. It is about who gets the most touches and who is in when the game matters. While we have to wait for John Ross to make his debut, Mixon will tonight and it will interest to see if he can continue to do what he has done all camp: make plays. The criticism is behind us and the fan base is behind Joe. Now it's time to see what he can do.
3. William Jackson III and Andrew Billings
It's been a long time waiting for these two to finally get on the field! Both 2nd year defenders suffered season ending injuries before preseason began a year ago. They should both get plenty of time on the field tonight, and their play is important to the team's development. WJ3 is the first backup on the outside and the favorite to start week one with PacMan suspended. Is he as good as we thought he could be when the Bengals picked him in the first round a year ago? While Billings was a fourth round selection in 16, he was predicted to go much, much higher. He may be listed behind Pat Sims on the depth chart right now, but he could easily move up to a starting role with a solid preseason.
4. Carl Lawson
While Mixon has been the MVP on the offensive side on the ball in camp, Lawson is the one who is turning heads on the defensive side. The once projected first round pick plays with a chip on his shoulder after falling to the fourth round. Has his training camp performance been the result of poor offensive line play or the talent that he possesses? It will be fun to see if we have another pass-rushing threat opposite of Carlos Dunlap.
5. A.J. McCarron
Hopefully, McCarron doesn't see any meaningful snaps all season. However, any time he has a chance to play, his success to greatly appreciated, even in preseason. The Bengals hold his rights for the next two seasons, which makes it possible that they could trade him at some point. The better he plays, the more the Bengals could get in a potential deal.
Stay tuned for a recap of the game tomorrow morning!
With recidivism rates in California among the highest in the nation, San Francisco officials hope a law aimed at curtailing housing and workplace bias will give ex-offenders a better chance at success.
Last Tuesday, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors unanimously approved an ordinance barring most housing providers and employers from asking applicants to disclose their criminal history until after engaging in a live interview. The board will vote on the “ban the box” legislation a second time this Tuesday before sending it to the mayor.
Supervisor Jane Kim, who co-authored the legislation with Supervisor Malia Cohen, said the ordinance "covers affordable housing, below-market-rate units, contractors with the city and private employers with 20 or more employees." Positions in childcare, law enforcement and others in which criminal history is especially relevant will be exempt.
"This was born out of a desire to provide real employment and housing opportunities for people with a conviction history," Cohen told the San Francisco Chronicle. "Access to housing and employment is key to preventing recidivism and increasing public safety in our community."
Kim hopes the legislation will build upon Clean Slate, a program run out of the public defender's office. She says Clean Slate has only helped one-third of its participants secure employment, according to SF Bay -- with most of those participants earning less than $3,000 a year.
“How is it possible to find opportunity and start a new life if that is the opportunity that you get after spending time in prison?” she asked, according to the San Francisco Public Press.
Cohen believes the legislation will keep housing providers and employers from unknowingly holding a prejudice against ex-offenders who have taken the necessary rehabilitating steps to reintegrate into society, SF Bay reports.
“I believe that it will begin to help eliminate the conscious -- and more importantly the unconscious -- bias that exists when hiring and housing individuals with a conviction history,” she said. “This legislation is not designed to give individuals a preference. Rather it's to ensure they are judged on their qualifications, not their previous actions.”
While California banned the question from public employment applications last year -- and mass retailers such as Target have voluntarily adopted the custom nationwide -- implementing the employer policy in tandem with the housing policy could round out the support ex-offenders need.
“It is in everyone's interest in this city to make sure that when people come back to society… that we are absorbing them effectively,” Supervisor Scott Wiener said. “We're just shooting ourselves in the foot if we have people who come out of the criminal justice system and can't get a job or can't get a place to live. It has a cascading negative effect on the community.”
The ordinance joins other city efforts to better prepare ex-offenders for success. Last month, San Francisco sheriff Ross Mirkarimi introduced legislation that would enroll the city's inmates in Obamacare.
