15th Census
of India 2001 2021 → General information Country India Date taken 2010–2011 Total population 1,210,193,422 Percent change 17.70%[1] Most populous state Uttar Pradesh (199,812,341) Least populous state Sikkim (610,577)
The 15th Indian Census was conducted in two phases, house listing and population enumeration. House listing phase began on 1 April 2010 and involved collection of information about all buildings. Information for National Population Register was also collected in the first phase, which will be used to issue a 12-digit unique identification number to all registered Indian residents by Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). The second population enumeration phase was conducted between 9 and 28 February 2011. Census has been conducted in India since 1872 and 2011 marks the first time biometric information was collected. According to the provisional reports released on 31 March 2011, the Indian population increased to 1.21 billion with a decadal growth of 17.70%.[2] Adult literacy rate increased to 74.04% with a decadal growth of 9.21%. The motto of the census was 'Our Census, Our future'.
Spread across 29 states[a] and 7 union territories, the census covered 640 districts, 5,924 sub-districts, 7,935 towns and more than 600,000 villages. A total of 2.7 million officials visited households in 7,935 towns and 600,000 villages, classifying the population according to gender, religion, education and occupation.[3] The cost of the exercise was approximately ₹2,200 crore (US$310 million)[4] – this comes to less than $0.50 per person, well below the estimated world average of $4.60 per person.[3] Conducted every 10 years, this census faced big challenges considering India's vast area and diversity of cultures and opposition from the manpower involved.
Information on castes was included in the census following demands from several ruling coalition leaders including Lalu Prasad Yadav, Sharad Yadav and Mulayam Singh Yadav supported by opposition parties Bharatiya Janata Party, Akali Dal, Shiv Sena and Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.[5] Information on caste was last collected during the British Raj in 1931. During the early census, people often exaggerated their caste status to garner social status and it is expected that people downgrade it now in the expectation of gaining government benefits.[6] There was speculation that there would be a caste-based census conducted in 2011, the first time for 80 years (last was in 1931), to find the exact population of the "Other Backward Classes" (OBCs) in India.[7][8][9][10] This was later accepted and the Socio Economic and Caste Census 2011 was conducted whose first findings were revealed on 3 July 2015 by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.[11] Mandal Commission report of 1980 quoted OBC population at 52%, though National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) survey of 2006 quoted OBC population at 41%[12]
There is only one instance of a caste-count in post-independence India. It was conducted in Kerala in 1968 by the Communist government under E M S Namboodiripad to assess the social and economic backwardness of various lower castes. The census was termed Socio-Economic Survey of 1968 and the results were published in the Gazetteer of Kerala, 1971.[13]
Census [ edit ]
C M Chandramauli was the Registrar General and Census Commissioner of India for the 2011 Indian Census. Census data was collected in 16 languages and the training manual was prepared in 18 languages. In 2011, India and Bangladesh also conducted their first-ever joint census of areas along their border.[14][15] The census was conducted in two phases. The first, the house-listing phase, began on 1 April 2010 and involved collection of data about all the buildings and census houses.[16] Information for the National Population Register was also collected in the first phase. The second, the population enumeration phase, was conducted from 9 – 28 February 2011 all over the country. The eradication of epidemics, the availability of more effective medicines for the treatment of various types of diseases and the improvement in the standard of living were the main reasons for the high decadal growth of population in India.
Information [ edit ]
The House-listing schedule contained 35 questions.[17]
Building number
Census house number
Predominant material of floor, wall and roof of the census house
Ascertain use of actual house
Condition of the census house
Household number
Total number of persons in the household
Name of the head of the household
Sex of the head
Caste status (SC or ST or others) Ownership status of the house
Number of dwelling rooms
Number of married couple the household
Main source of drinking water
Availability of drinking water source
Main source of lighting
Latrine within the premises
Type of latrine facility
Waste water outlet connection
Bathing facility within the premises Availability of kitchen
Fuel used for cooking
Radio/Transistor
Television
Computer/Laptop
Telephone/Mobile phone
Bicycle
Scooter/Motorcycle/Moped
Car/Jeep/Van
Availing Banking services.
Population enumeration [ edit ]
The Population enumeration schedule contained 30 questions.[18][19]
Name of the person
Relationship to head
Sex
Date of birth and age
Current marital status
Age at marriage
Religion
Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribe
Disability
Mother tongue Other languages known
Literacy status
Status of attendance (Education)
Highest educational level attained
Working any time during last year
Category of economic activity
Occupation Nature of industry
Trade or service
Class of worker
Non economic activity Seeking or available for work
Travel to place of work
Birthplace
Place of last residence
Reason for migration
Duration of stay in the place of migration
Children surviving
Children ever born
Number of children born alive during last one year
National Population Register [ edit ]
The National Population Register household schedule contained 9 questions.[20]
Name of the person and resident status
Name of the person as should appear in the population register
Relationship to head
gender
Date of birth
Marital status
Educational qualification
Occupation/Activity
Names of father, mother and spouse
Once the information was collected and digitised, fingerprints were taken and photos collected. Unique Identification Authority of India was to issue a 12-digit identification number to all individuals and the first ID was to have been issued in 2011.[21][22][23]
Census report [ edit ]
Decadal growth of Indian population (1901–2011).
Provisional data from the census was released on 31 March 2011 (and was updated on 20 May 2013).[24][25][26][27][28] Transgender population was counted in population census in India for first time in 2011.[29][30] The overall sex ratio of the population is 940 females for every 1,000 males in 2011.[31] The official count of the third gender in India is 490,000[32]
Population Total 1,210,854,977 Males 623,724,568 Females 586,469,294 Literacy Total 74% Males 82.10% Females 65.50% Density of population per km2 382 Sex ratios per 1000 males 940 females Child sex ratio (0–6 age group) per 1000 males 914
Population [ edit ]
The population of India as per 2011 census was 1,210,193,422.[33] India added 181.5 million to its population since 2001, slightly lower than the population of Brazil. India, with 2.4% of the world's surface area, accounts for 17.5% of its population. Uttar Pradesh is the most populous state with roughly 200 million people. Over half the population resided in the six most populous states of Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Bihar, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.[34] Of the 1.21 billion Indians, 833 million (68.84%) live in rural areas while 377 million stays in urban areas.[35][36] 453.6 million people in India are migrants, which is 37.8% of total population.[37][38][39]
India is the homeland of major belief systems such as Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism and Jainism, while also being home to several indigenous faiths and tribal religions which have survived the influence of major religions for centuries.
Ever since its inception, the Census of India has been collecting and publishing information about the religious affiliations as expressed by the people of India. In fact, population census has the rare distinction of being the only instrument that collects this diverse and important characteristic of the Indian population.
Religious demographics [ edit ]
The religious data on India Census 2011 was released by the Government of India on 25 August 2015.[45][46][47] Hindus are 79.8% (966.3 million),[48] while Muslims are 14.23% (172.2 million) in India.[49][49][50][51] and Christians are 2.30% (28.7 million). According to the 2011 Census of India, there are 57,264 Parsis in India.[52][53] For the first time, a "No religion" category was added in the 2011 census.[54][55] 2.87 million were classified as people belonging to "No Religion" in India in the 2011 census[56][57] 0.24% of India's population of 1.21 billion.[58][59] Given below is the decade-by-decade religious composition of India until the 2011 census.[60][61][62] There are six religions in India that have been awarded "National Minority" status - Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists and Parsis.[63][64] Sunnis, Shias, Bohras, Agakhanis and Ahmadiyyas were identified as sects of Islam in India.[65][66][67] As per 2011 census, six major faiths- Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains make up over 99.4% of India's 1.21 billion population, while "other religions, persuasions" (ORP) count is 8.2 million. Among the ORP faiths, six faiths- 4.957 million-strong Sarnaism, 1.026 million-strong Gond, 506,000-strong Sari, Donyi-Polo (302,000) in Arunachal Pradesh, Sanamahism (222,000) in Manipur, Khasi (138,000) in Meghalaya dominate.[68] Maharashtra is having the highest number of atheists in the country with 9,652 such people, followed by Kerala.[69]
Population trends for major religious groups in India (1951–2011)
Religious
group Population
% 1951 Population
% 1961 Population
% 1971 Population
% 1981 Population
% 1991 Population
% 2001 Population
% 2011[70] Hinduism 84.1% 83.45% 82.73% 82.30% 81.53% 80.46% 79.80% Islam 9.8% 10.69% 11.21% 11.75% 12.61% 13.43% 14.23% Christianity 2.3% 2.44% 2.60% 2.44% 2.32% 2.34% 2.30% Sikhism 1.79% 1.79% 1.89% 1.92% 1.94% 1.87% 1.72% Buddhism 0.74% 0.74% 0.70% 0.70% 0.77% 0.77% 0.70% Jainism 0.46% 0.46% 0.48% 0.47% 0.40% 0.41% 0.37% Zoroastrianism 0.13% 0.09% 0.09% 0.09% 0.08% 0.06% n/a Other religions / No religion 0.43% 0.43% 0.41% 0.42% 0.44% 0.72% 0.9%
Language demographics [ edit ]
Hindi is the most widely spoken language in northern parts of India. The Indian census takes the widest possible definition of "Hindi" as a broad variety of "Hindi languages".[71] According to 2011 Census, 57.1% of Indian population know Hindi,[72] in which 43.63% of Indian people have declared Hindi as their native language or mother tongue.[73][74] The language data was released on 26 June 2018.[75] Bhili/Bhilodi was the most spoken unscheduled language with 10.4 million speakers, followed by Gondi with 2.9 million speakers. 96.71% of India's population speaks one of the 22 scheduled languages as their mother tongue in the 2011 census.
The 2011 census report on bilingualism and trilingualism, which provides data on the two languages in order of preference in which a person is proficient other than the mother tongue, was released in September 2018.[76][77][78] The number of bilingual speakers in India is 31.49 crore, which is 26% of the population in 2011.[79] 7% of Indian population is trilingual.[80] Hindi, Bengali speakers are India's least multilingual groups.[81]
First, Second, and Third languages by number of speakers in India (2011 Census) Language First language
speakers[82] First language
speakers as a percentage of total population Second language
speakers (in crores) Third language
speakers (in crores) Total speakers (in crores)[72][83] Total speakers as a percentage of total population Hindi 52,83,47,193 43.63 13.9 2.4 69.2 57.10 English 2,59,678 0.02 8.3 4.6 12.9 10.60 Bengali 9,72,37,669 8.30 0.9 0.1 10.7 8.90 Marathi 8,30,26,680 7.09 1.3 0.3 9.9 8.20 Telugu 8,11,27,740 6.93 1.2 0.1 9.5 7.80 Tamil 6,90,26,881 5.89 0.7 0.1 7.7 6.30 Gujarati 5,54,92,554 4.74 0.4 0.1 6.0 5.00 Urdu 5,07,72,631 4.34 1.1 0.1 6.3 5.20 Kannada 4,37,06,512 3.73 1.4 0.1 5.9 4.94 Odia 3,75,21,324 3.20 0.5 0.03 4.3 3.56 Malayalam 3,48,38,819 2.97 0.05 0.02 3.3 3.28 Punjabi 3,31,24,726 2.83 0.33 0.03 3.7 3.56 Sanskrit 24,821 <0.01 0.1 0.4 0.5 0.49
Literacy [ edit ]
Any one above age 7 who can read and write in any language with an ability to understand was considered a literate. In censuses before 1991, children below the age 5 were treated as illiterates. The literacy rate taking the entire population into account is termed as "crude literacy rate", and taking the population from age 7 and above into account is termed as "effective literacy rate". Effective literacy rate increased to a total of 74.04% with 82.14% of the males and 65.46% of the females being literate.[84]
S.No. Census year Total (%) Male (%) Female (%) 1 1901 5.35 9.83 0.60 2 1911 5.92 10.56 1.05 3 1921 7.16 12.21 1.81 4 1931 9.50 15.59 2.93 5 1941 16.10 24.90 7.30 6 1951 16.67 24.95 9.45 7 1961 24.02 34.44 12.95 8 1971 29.45 39.45 18.69 9 1981 36.23 46.89 24.82 10 1991 42.84 52.74 32.17 11 2001 64.83 75.26 53.67 12 2011 74.04 82.14 65.46
The table lists the "effective literacy rate" in India from 1901 to 2011.[ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
a b Prior to the creation of Telangana.
When we are preparing our resumes for review, we all know that we should avoid all typing or spelling errors, adhere to a proper length, and stick to a format that is cohesive and simple to understand. However, if we want our resumes (and, in extension, ourselves) to not only be noticed, but to be considered for a potential interview and eventual employment, we have to pay greater attention to the more minor, but ultimately the most crucial details. Here are some more subtle resume tips to help you get your dream job or internship:
1.) Narrow your focus. If you are currently seeking an entry-level position as a college graduate, you might want to take a good look at your resume and see what you have included in your work experience. Have you included any projects, volunteering, GPAs, or jobs from when you were in high school? Now is the time to remove any traces of high school and to focus solely on your college education, work experience, and achievements.
Once you have written down your recent accomplishments, you must look back at the job posting you are responding to. Compare what they are asking for and what you have to offer.
Take this particular job opening at PNC Bank in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as a Business Systems Analyst I. The position calls for:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in a related field (Business or Technology) preferred 2+ years of specific LOB or technology experience Equivalent additional experience accepted in lieu of education Basic understanding of business systems and industry requirements Excellent communication, facilitation and interpersonal skills Sound planning and organizational skills Knowledge of MS Office and Sharepoint preferred Accuracy and attention to detail
University College London's guide for curriculum vitae and resumes suggests that students keep “note carefully all the skills that [a future employer is] looking for.” Meaning, if you were to apply for this position, you would include words in your resume that appear in PNC's job posting; for example, you would explicitly mention experience with MS Office and Sharepoint, as well as your excellent communication and interpersonal skills skills, and so on.
Seeing the specific job posting manifest in an up-to-date resume will help employers recognize your worth as a potential employee, but there's more that you can do. For example, you can…
2.) Avoid long lists. Similarly to being unfocused, having a resume that consists of long lists can prevent future employers from recognizing the value in your experience and your skill set. They can get bogged down by several bullet points comprised of full-length sentences, and, in their efforts to not waste any time, toss a long-winded resume to the side. What you can do to hold a future employer's attention is to have only a few bullet points per position that you have held in either an extracurricular activity or in a job. You need as few as three and no more than seven bullet points to explain your position in either a job or an extra-curricular activity. By having fewer bullet points per position, you can concisely touch upon more skills that you have under your belt. University College London's resume guide says that
A long list of duties or [courses]…. is not going to make you stand out. Employers want to know about you, your skills and your achievements – they don't want a job description or course outline. However, it's fine to mention duties or courses that are of particular relevance or that highlight a particular skill.
Now that you have a more concise way of explaining who you are and what your narrowed focus is, you can move onto another tip that can help boost your chances of being noticed, and, eventually, being hired:
3.) Stand out from the crowd with a more interesting resume format. Recruiters, human resource departments, and the like all have to read through dozens of boring, black-and-white pieces of paper that eventually all run together. Why not spruce yours up and inject some color, personality, and creativity to catch a future employer's eye?
Eric Gandhi, creator of the Google resume, said an interview with Business Insider that, “many employers… are more open-minded than they used to be about the application process” and would be more interested in a more creative resume. For example, Hagan Blount was invited to multiple job interviews and ultimately received a job offer at Ingk Labs after his very creative resume was seen over 100,000 times on his personal website.
There you have it. Now that you know how to potentially address the more subtle issues with your resume, you are well on your way to better expressing your successes, and, one day, finding your dream job.
Product Description
We once considered ourselves to be at the center of the universe now we know that we are just a small spec in a giant cosmos. This season, HISTORY® ventures outsides of our solar system in another epic exploration of the universe and its mysteries. With strikingly realistic computer re-creations, you ll feel like you ve traveled to the edge of the unknown: visit strange and unfamiliar worlds in Exoplanets, prepare for the worst in Cosmic Collisions, and uncover the secrets of our own galaxy, the Milky Way. And that s just the beginning... learn exactly what Dark Matter is and how it takes up 95% of the universe; take a front-row seat for the ultimate light show with Supernovas; and while most people have heard of black holes (which swallow all matter that they come in contact with), find out more about White Holes which actually create matter.
Episodes Include:
Alien Planets
Cosmic Holes
Mysteries of the Moon
The Milky Way
Alien Moons
Dark Matter
Astrobiology
Space Travel
Supernovas
Constellations
Unexplained Mysteries
Cosmic Collisions
Colonizing Space
Stills from The Universe: The Complete Second Season (Click for larger image)
Amazon.com
With the Blu-ray release (on four discs) of this, the complete second season of The Universe, the History Channel has now devoted a combined total of more than 25 hours, not including bonus material, to its documentary study of that combination of time, space, and matter that we call our universe. That's a lot. But then you consider the mind-boggling age and size of the universe itself: 13.7 billion years old, and big beyond our comprehension; infinite, in fact, and expanding rapidly. By those measures, it's apparent that this fascinating series could probably air for longer than The Simpsons and Gunsmoke (the two longest running shows in TV history) put together and still not run out of things to talk about.
The 18 episodes from Season Two cover an appropriately wide range of topics, from "Cosmic Holes" to "Cosmic Collisions," from supernovas to gravity. There are episodes about the weather in space, the largest objects in space (hint: they're really, really big, like the so-called "cosmic web" of galaxies, which is a hundred million billion times bigger than Earth), and traveling to and colonizing space. The amount of information and data provided is enormous. Jargon abounds, including terms like "lunar transient phenomena," "pulsar planets," "hot Jupiters," "dark matter" and "dark energy," "collisional families," the "heavy bombardment period," and many, many more. And the numbers are mind-boggling: for instance, it's estimated that the impact of the asteroid that landed on the Yucatan Peninsula some 65 million years ago, wiping out the dinosaurs, was equal to that of dropping a Hiroshima-sized atomic bomb every second for 140 years! Still, some may find the episodes that involve informed speculation more interesting than those that deal in facts. We know that the Moon affects ocean tides, but does it also have an effect on human behavior? If the Big Bang was the beginning of the universe, what came before it? Instead of using rockets to go to space, can scientists actually build a "space elevator" that will reach from an orbiting satellite some 60 thousand miles down to Earth? All of this is delivered by way of very convincing computer-generated imagery and other effects, along with dozens of interviews with astronomers and other experts, photos, film footage, and so on. Best of all, while it can get a bit dense, technically speaking, by and large The Universe will be readily accessible to most viewers. --Sam Graham
When it comes to One Day cricket, there are two matters on which the cricketing world is now at a consensus. Namely, that the ODI rules are in serious need of a revamp, and that England are bad at One Day cricket. With the early exit from the 2015 Cricket World Cup having brought in an all-new nadir to England's fortunes, it can be said that the time is ripe for a complete re-think on their approach to the game. This is not an unfamiliar situation to English cricket. Over their long and rocky ride in the ODI waters, England have been rigid and largely steered clear of the unconventional. Except for one memorable time in the winter of 1997, when England enjoyed One Day cricket, an uncharacteristic punt came off, far away from England, in the sands of Sharjah.
Michael Atherton, having presided as captain over a clean 3-0 sweep of Australia in the 1997 Texaco Trophy, opted out of England's next ODI assignment: a quadrangular in Sharjah with India, Pakistan and the West Indies. In Atherton's absence, the England selectors named the five-ODI-old Adam Hollioake as the captain for the tournament.
Perhaps they were impressed with his cool head and two vital knocks under pressure in the preceding ODI series, or they simply believed in omens (Adam had scored the winning runs in each of the chases against Australia), but it was what ultimately turned out to be a brilliant decision.
Expectations for this experimental England team were near zero. After all, it was Sharjah, and there were India and Pakistan playing in the tournament. England were there to make up the numbers and could return home fairly contended after putting up a decent fight, before, inevitably, going down to the other teams. But then, this Hollioake-led team had a plan, had the players to execute the plan and had the will to back them right through the tournament. Alistair Brown, who had scored a quick century against the visiting Indians the previous summer, had been recalled. Dougie Brown and Matthew Fleming, who could bowl and also shore up the batting down the order, were handed debuts. There was also experience and stability in the form of Alec Stewart, Graeme Hick and Graham Thorpe.
In the first match, against India, Alec Stewart led England to a very competitive 250 with a brisk hundred. Tendulkar looked set to see India home but at 232-8, Fleming saw Tendulkar advancing down the track and craftily had him stumped by Stewart. Tendulkar departed for 91 and England won by seven runs. Fleming, a debutant, finished with figures of 4 for 45. England's bowlers restricted West Indies to 197 in their next match and when Thorpe fell after a solid 57, Mark Ealham and Dougie Brown saw them home to win by four wickets.
England scored 215 when they took on Pakistan next, with not a single half-century. Dougie Brown sent the explosive Afridi back bowled for a first-ball duck, Ealham, Robert Croft and Hollioake strangled the Pakistan batting in the middle overs and England prevailed by eight runs. Two less-fancied teams in England and West Indies had made it to the final over India and Pakistan. In the final, after West Indies posted a healthy 235, Stewart's and Thorpe's steady half-centuries and Fleming's 26-ball 33 took England to a thrilling three wicket victory.
In pitches generally thought to be more suitable to their opponents than them, England had coursed through the tournament unbeaten, with the same eleven playing in every match, despite having the likes of Ben Hollioake and Ashley Giles in the reserves. Every single victory was by a close margin, testimony to the fact that this team had handled pressure well. This was a remarkable win, against all expectations and with no conceivable parallel in the history of English cricket. It was the near-perfect platform for England's build up to the 1999 World Cup.
Sadly, the England management did not back this squad as it could and should have, and after a defeat in the subsequent series in the Caribbean, the squad was diluted. By the time England lost to South Africa in the inaugural ICC knockout tournament, Adam Hollioake's captaincy dream was over. The 1999 World Cup was an eminently forgettable one for England, like many others have been since then. But, the triumph in Sharjah under Adam Hollioake, a fleeting moment in England's cricketing timescape, will always be looked back upon fondly. And perhaps, wistfully too.
Former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland continues to lead Republican incumbent Rob Portman in a new poll on the battle for a U.S. Senate seat next year. The Democrat holds s 6-point edge over Portman, down a bit from the 9-point advantage Strickland held in the previous Quinnipiac Poll, released in early April.
Former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland continues to lead Republican incumbent Rob Portman in a new poll on the battle for a U.S. Senate seat next year.
The Democrat holds a 6 percentage-point edge over Portman, down a bit from the 9 percentage-point advantage Strickland held in the previous Quinnipiac Poll, released in early April.
Peter Brown, assistant director of the Connecticut university�s poll, said in a release that regardless of poll results now the race likely will be close come Election Day 2016.
Strickland performs much better versus Portman than the other Democrat in the contest, Cincinnati City Councilman P.G. Sittenfeld. The survey shows Portman swamping the little-known Sittenfeld by more than 2 to 1: 49 percent to 24.
Portman, a keynote speaker on Saturday night at the Ohio Republican Party�s state dinner, noted that Ohio�s jobs figures have improved under GOP Gov. John Kasich since he took over for Strickland in 2011.
�What Ted Strickland wants to do is, take us back to the bad old times,� Portman said.
Dennis Willard, a Strickland spokesman, said �while the campaign does not comment on polls,� Strickland has been �hearing the same message again and again � voters are angry at Rob Portman for voting to send Ohio jobs overseas and doing the bidding of Washington special interests at their expense.�
By contrast, Corry Bliss, a Portman spokesman, said �we�re eager to compare Rob�s record of results for Ohio workers with� Strickland�s four years in office as governor from 2007 through early 2010 �when Ohio lost over 350,000 jobs.�
Dale Butland, a Sittenfeld spokesman, pointed out that Strickland�s �lead has shrunk a bit � as have the number of people who don�t know enough about� Sittenfeld.
�We�re still nine months before the primary election � and over 16 months before the general,� Butland said, pointing out �at this point in the 2010 gubernatorial campaign, Strickland was leading Kasich by a wide margin. All of which is to say that the elections are still a long way off.�
Giving him a fresh talking point on the presidential campaign trail, Kasich continues to enjoy a high approval rating, registering a thumbs up from 60 percent of Ohio voters, with just half that total disapproving. That virtually equals the all-time high from the April poll.
In contrast, President Barack Obama�s approval rating continues to sink. The poll shows that 40 percent of Ohio voters approve of his performance, compared with 56 percent who don�t.
The telephone poll, using both land lines and cellphones, from June 4 through June 15 of 1,191 registered Ohio voters has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2.8 percentage points.
The polls of Florida and Pennsylvania reflect similar figures.
drowland@dispatch.com
@darreldrowland
Svotaw@stetson.edu
Island Health has fired a long-term health-care professional accused of snooping through the electronic health records of 39 patients, including friends, family and co-workers.
The health authority has notified and apologized to the people affected by the alleged breach of privacy. Accessed data ranged from basic contact and demographic information to test results.
article continues below
The case follows a similar episode last October that resulted in the firing of two nurses.
Island Health's latest investigation, which began in November, found that the employee used access privileges to look at electronic health records for unauthorized reasons “to satisfy their curiosity about patients with whom they had no care relationship,” Island Health spokeswoman Suzanne Germain said Wednesday.
The employee was fired in early April.
Island Health would not name the employee, give the individual's job title or say whether the person was a union member, citing privacy legislation.
The Times Colonist has established that the employee was neither a nurse represented by the B.C. Nurses' Union nor a member of the Hospital Employees' Union.
Island Health said the employee worked in central Vancouver Island and the people whose files were viewed are from a number of communities on the Island.
The investigation began as the result of an allegation in November regarding inappropriate access to personal information. Concern was expressed and a suspicious pattern of activity was discovered, Germain said.
Island Health found that between January and November 2014, the employee breached the privacy of 39 individuals' personal health records.
The employee's access to personal or confidential information was revoked in March and the B.C. Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner was notified on April 2, Germain said.
In the unrelated case that came to light last October, Island Health fired two nurses after an investigation found they delved into the electronic files of 112 patients, including those of family, friends and co-workers, between January 2012 and October 2014.
“It is disappointing to have had to investigate two separate incidents of snooping within a relatively short time period and Island Health sincerely apologizes, again, to all our clients, patients and residents,” the health authority said in a statement.
As of January 2015, Island Health has found 13 “snooping type” breaches over the past four fiscal quarters, Germain said.
Other than the two most recent cases, the rest of the breaches involved one or two patients, she said.
“It is unacceptable to Island Health when care providers in a position of trust use their access privileges to snoop in patients' records,” she said.
Island Health's confidentiality policy sets out specific examples of breaches. They include “unauthorized reading of a patient's chart” and “accessing information on yourself, children, family, friends or co-workers” that is not directly job-related.
All employees sign confidentiality undertakings as a condition of employment with Island Health, Germain said.
Employees use their credentials and a password to sign in to a patient's electronic health record system. Before the employee can see the record, he or she must indicate their relationship to the patient — registered nurse or physician, for example.
If a breach of confidentiality is found, those responsible can be subject to penalties including firing, withdrawal of privileges or legal action.
ceharnett@timescolonist.com
Stereotyping
Tweet
Among the gravest offenses today in modern America is to talk or to write as if certain stereotypes contain even the smallest sliver of truth. I share with many conservatives and libertarians a disdain for the remorseless lack of humor with which the typical academic, the typical college student, and the typical “Progressive” today processes even the most innocent of jokes and comments. Even more do I share the disgust that civilized people have for the Torquemadaian treatment dished out by the Politically Correct to any and all who are perceived as not sufficiently attentive to the tenets of Political Correctness.
But my purpose here is to bemoan neither Political Correctness nor the extremes to which it is today taken. Instead, my purpose is to bemoan an inconsistency in Politically Correct “Progressives.”
It's true, of course, that one problem with stereotypes is that they mask significant differences among the individuals in whatever group is stereotyped. To stereotype is to treat a group as if it is the relevant unit of analysis. To stereotype is to judge an individual not according to his or her own merits and demerits but, instead, according to the group to which he or she is believed to belong. To stereotype is to ignore the individual; to stereotype is often to show a careless disregard for persons as individuals. And sometimes, let us be honest, the stereotyping is not innocent: it is sometimes malevolent.
Yet the same “Progressives” who are on 24/7/365 intrepid patrol against certain varieties of stereotyping – varieties such as racial, ethnic, or sexual-preference stereotyping – are themselves proud practitioners of many other varieties of stereotyping. For example, “Progressives” are especially prone to think of “workers” (or, at least, “blue-collar workers”) as a unified group – as one big blob in which each individual is identical to the rest, in which each worker's interest is the same as any other worker's interest. Likewise with “big business” or “capitalists” (or “capital”): all the same in the minds of “Progressives.” What's good for big business A is also good for big businesses B through Z. What's bad for big business Z is also bad for big business A through Y.
Ditto for several other groups such as “the rich,” “the poor,” “consumers,” and “students.”
“Progressives” should be ashamed of themselves and deeply embarrassed by their regular displays of antediluvian notions.
Comments
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Fernando Alonso's imminent retirement from Formula One is a real possibility, world champion Lewis Hamilton said, adding that he hoped the Spaniard would decide to carry on.
Belgium Formula One - F1 - Belgian Grand Prix 2016 - Francorchamps, Belgium - 27/8/16 - McLaren's Fernando Alonso of Spain during the final practice session. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Former double champion Alonso produced one of the surprises in Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix by jumping from 22nd on the grid to finish seventh but on the whole has endured another miserable campaign since returning to McLaren.
In an interview with Spanish newspaper AS published on Monday, Hamilton called Alonso “one of the best drivers of all time” but admitted his former teammate could quit the sport.
Asked if the Spaniard retiring was a “real possibility”, Hamilton said: “Of course it is. He's 35 and he's already earned enough money. He has won enough races, he has enough experience and he doesn't need Formula One to be someone anymore.”
Nevertheless, Hamilton said he hoped the Spaniard would go on. His contract with McLaren expires at the end of the 2017 campaign.
“If he quit next year and I couldn't race against him again, that would be a shame, a real shame,” Hamilton said.
“It wouldn't be good for this sport and it would send out the wrong message. Formula One would not be the same if Alonso didn't continue.
“I still think he is one of the best drivers around, I've always said that,” added Hamilton, who is bidding to win a third consecutive world title this season to add to his first triumph in 2008.
“I really hope McLaren can make him a car that would allow him to win again, and so I can compete against him again.”
Alonso is 11th in the drivers' standings on 30 points, 202 behind current leader Hamilton and has not achieved a podium finish since 2014. He had a serious crash in the Australian Grand Prix in March.
Alonso has previously brushed off suggestions that he could retire and in April reacted angrily to Sky Sports Formula One pundit Johnny Herbert telling him he should quit.
Last Thursday in Spa, however, the Spaniard floated the idea of ending his 15-year career in the sport next year due to recent changes in the sport's regulations.
“I think if the cars are fun to drive, I will probably stay longer and drive more years in Formula One, and if the cars are still giving me the feeling that I have in the last couple of years probably I will stop,” Alonso said.
…is forced and painfully flawed. I think ultimately this is why I can't get behind esports-related efforts in this game.
From the red-carpet article posted on IGN a week or so ago, paving the way for today's announcement that the IPL will be running a $100,000 tournament for the game:
Elite mode also attracted a lot of attention at Ubisoft's recent digital day in Paris, drawing players and onlookers alike with its fast-pace and easy to fathom rule set. Beauchemin attributes this to the mode's concentrated distillation of a key element of spectator sports: excitement. “The best moments in FPS esports are when you're near the end of a round and maybe there's just one guy standing and everyone knows he's going to have to pull off an amazing feat to win,” Beauchemin enthuses. “We've boiled that down to one single game mode where it comes down to the last minute of the round: there's one guy with a powerful gun and three armour points versus three guys with one armour point each who are working as a team.
Yes…but those sorts of moments become the best moments because of the lead-up, and because the sole player left typically has the odds stacked against them to convert the ‘clutch.'
Sure, watching a forward on a breakaway against two defenders and a keeper, and seeing that forward beat the defenders and score, can be pretty exciting, especially if they scored for your team. That doesn't mean you can build an entire sport around repeating just that situation.
Simply dropping players into a three-versus-one, round after bloody round, with weapons and other mechanics balanced for this particular situation, does not even come close to replicating the moments that come from a single player saving a round for their team that they were on the verge of losing.
That ‘last minute of the round' can't be manufactured for it to still have the same impact; that's just running drills for practice.
It's just as much how you get there as it is the end result. It's because not every round ends up like this in other games, that they sometimes come to full teams rushing and pushing towards two defenders, or come down to three defending a plant against a full team, or one player with a scope annihilating the entire other side; it's the variety that keeps the game interesting to watch, and injects that extra bit of adrenaline into the situations that Shootmania looks to make commonplace.
John Cena gives WWE.com the details on his automobile accident in the Philadelphia area.
WWE.com has learned that John Cena has been involved in a three-car accident in Philadelphia. The SUV the WWE Superstar was traveling in was reportedly rear ended by an Acura, which had been rear ended by a tractor trailer. ( PHOTOS)
“We were doing some early morning media for the event tonight in Philadelphia and we got in a car accident,” Cena told WWE.com. “The [Acura] was totaled, but no one was hurt, believe it or not.”
Although Cena claims to be 100 percent, the Superstar still met with WWE medical personnel today at Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center. Cena is scheduled to face Mark Henry on tonight's Raw SuperShow.
“I've been in plenty of car wrecks before,” the former WWE Champion said. “I'm in one piece and I can still do battle with The World's Strongest Man tonight.”
Cena is “a little shaken up,” WWE physician Dr. Michael Sampson told WWE.com.
"They were whiplash-type injuries that he sustained,” Sampson said. “He feels good today, but then a couple days later, that's when you get the neck stiffness and the pain. He is cleared to compete tonight. We're going to let him go, but we're definitely going to keep an eye on him. We're going to check him right before his match one more time, just to make sure he's okay."
According to Cena's driver, Jules Anderson, the accident occurred around 11:30 a.m., when Cena's vehicle was traveling eastbound on Rt. 76. The SUV sustained damage in the rear, according to Anderson, who added that Cena was on a phone meeting at the time of the collision.
The Cenation Commander in Chief's celebrity may have helped calm the waters between the other drivers, who were arguing after the incident. According to Anderson, once he informed the other drivers that his passenger was the former 12-time World Champion, tempers cooled.
In a WWE.com exclusive video, WWE Live Events employee Justin Clarke, who was in the automobile with Cena, explained the accident. ( WATCH)
“I felt the impact … [Cena] took that same hit with me," Clarke said. "I'm sure he's feeling it as well right now, but he's not the kind of guy who shows it.”
In less than two weeks, Cena will face The Rock at WrestleMania XXVIII in the most anticipated bout in WWE history. The effect this accident will have on the Cenation leader remains to be seen. WWE.com will stay with this story as it develops.
We last talked with Star Trek: Discovery series composer Jeff Russo at the September premiere out in Los Angeles, a time when the only part of his Trek score we had heard was the show's main title theme.
Since then, Russo's work has accompanied all nine episodes of “Chapter 1” of Discovery, and on December 15 the first soundtrack release from the newest Trek series arrives from label Lakeshore Records on digital download, followed by a debut on CD and vinyl album in early 2018.
We had a chance to spend some time with the composer to discuss both the impending soundtrack and his approach to scoring Star Trek: Discovery episodes from the early days of production through his current work finishing up the first season's themes.
* * *
TREKCORE: At the premiere, you told us how you had enjoyed the score from the previous Trek shows and films, but you hadn't really dug into them on a compositional level until you joined Discovery. Could you talk a little bit about the research that you did into Trek's musical history, and how that has influenced your work on Discovery, if at all?
JEFF RUSSO: Well, I would say that the only true influence that I inserted into the Discovery score was the classic Alexander Courage fanfare from the opening title theme — but I think that the idea of what Trek sounds like is pretty apparent in all the scores, in terms of the instrumentation and how we go about doing it.
It's so funny — we have a joke when we're recording the scores for Discovery; I sometimes will record the strings and the woodwinds together, and then in a separate session record the brass. And I always sort of joke around that it doesn't really become a Star Trek score until after the brass session — because once you add that brass to some of these big cues, all of a sudden you're like, “Yeah, there it is, there's the Trek sound.”
Check out this preview of the #StarTrekDiscovery main title sequence. Premiere is tonight at 8 on cbs. pic.twitter.com/Ta5ti7hvV0 — Jeff Russo (@jeffersonrusso) September 24, 2017
So while there's a certain sound to the type of orchestration that I do to make it feel like it's in the Trek world, I haven't really inserted anything musically from any of the prior projects — though I did go back and study the scores for the Mudd episodes from the Original Series when I was thinking about what to do for Episode 7 [“Madness to Make the Sanest Man Go Mad”].
In the end, though, none of what had been written or recorded for that original character was going to work in our context, because the Mudd character is being portrayed in such different a different way; it just didn't really make much sense.
It was a lot of fun to go back to those Original Series scores and listen to the music. It's interesting to hear just how over-the-top some of that score is, with a bit of camp sprinkled into the music, and how they played with that emotional content.
TREKCORE: Yes, it wasn't always very subtle!
RUSSO: I think that I'm a lot more subtle when I go about trying to tell the story! [Laughs]
TREKCORE: While we're talking story, we're spending a lot of time in this iteration of Trek focused on the alien races — obviously the Klingons are a big factor in Discovery, we've spent time with Burnham and Sarek on Vulcan, and Episode 8 centered around Saru, a Kelpian, and the Pahvans.
Have you tried to take any influence from these alien cultures when writing the score for the those scenes, or do you try to stick more towards the story side of things to guide the music?
RUSSO: You know, I really try to do a little of both. I tend to want to tell stories, musically, from a character perspective. I've fashioned a couple of Klingon themes, themes for Burnham and her relationship with Georgiou — both in ‘reality' and for in her memories.
There's some also some bridge crew thematic material, and there's definitely a Lorca theme, but overall, I would say all the different characters have a bit of their own theme, which mostly comes through in little motifs.
That mostly comes out a lot in Episode 8 [“Si Vis Pacem, Para Bellum”], and that's probably the most where I've done stuff that was more about Saru and the Pahvans, their story, and how that all came together.
But I think, mainly, I try to tell the story from a character perspective so I end up with themes for different characters and different relationships between those characters.
TREKCORE: You've shared some photos of your scoring sessions on Twitter and obviously that's done in post-production — but at what point in the process do you come in for scoring? Is it once the picture is locked from editing, or earlier while the episode is still being put together?
RUSSO: For scoring the individual episodes, yes, it's after we have a picture lock. They send it to me and I spot the episodes with [executive producer] Alex Kurtzman. That's when I actually start to look at it and score each episode — but in terms of thematic material, I tried to write that before the season begins.
With a show like Discovery, there's just so much going on throughout the 15 episodes that it would have been impossible for me to come up with all of that thematic material before starting.
I had read four or five scripts before I started really getting into scoring, and I had read the first two [“The Vulcan Hello,” “Battle at the Binary Stars”] before I had taken a crack at the main title theme. Then I also started a Klingon theme, and started writing a theme for Burnham and Georgiou early on.
But mainly, it's about two months after they shoot the episode that I will get that episode to start working on.
TREKCORE: We know each episode had an extensive post-production timeline for visual effects, but it's interesting that you come in so far after the shooting period.
RUSSO: Yeah, except for the very beginning of production when I started writing material shortly after things got started — but not for specific episodes, just for that thematic material..
TREKCORE: During the editing process, is temp score being used to set the picture — and if so, is that a help or a challenge when it becomes your turn to start scoring?
RUSSO: Sometimes it's a help — but sometimes it's a challenge! [Laughs]
Temp score is used, yes, and that helps the production team make their edit, but they have been starting to use the material I've written for Discovery more and more, as there is more of that to pull from.But for the first three episodes or so, there wasn't any of my score written yet.
A lot of times, I'll just ignore the temp score and just try to do our own thing, though sometimes I'll be told, “This temp score actually works emotionally, and does work in terms of how it's working to picture – you may want to look at that as a reference.”
I tend to not like to do that, but occasionally, it does help.
TREKCORE: Some of your scoring photos have revealed track titles like “Delicious as Always” or “Dishonor Yourselves,” and of course the new soundtrack has 20 more titles released as well. Do you have a process for choosing track titles?
RUSSO: It all depends, really. It depends on the cue, on the episode, on what's going on at the time… sometimes I'll be funny, or sometimes I just let my music editor pick the name.
There's just so much music that it would be difficult for me to think about the title for every piece of music. Sometimes a title is important, though, if it has done with a line of dialogue that's right at the beginning when the score begins, or about the scene itself.
But sometimes, it's just about what I was thinking at the time, and nothing to do with the scene! [Laughs]
TREKCORE: Speaking of having “so much music,” this first soundtrack release is for “Chapter 1” of the season. Are all 9 episodes represented?
RUSSO: It's a smattering of music from across all nine episodes, though I may have left one out, I can't remember for sure. But really what I tried to do was give as much of a cross-section of the general feel of the score for the series to date, rather than try to fit everything in.
I come from a background of making albums that you can listen to straight through. Once you start packing 35 tracks onto long two-hour CD sets, nobody ever listens to everything.
And I'm sure there are going to be people who will say, “Well, where's that ONE piece of music from that scene?” and really, it's just impossible to put everything in. You can't ever make everyone happy. [Laughs] But you try your best! Stuff that people are missing, like, at some point, will probably end up on my website or something.
I'm sure that everybody will be happy with what's on there — I hope, anyway — and we will pick up with the vinyl release next year, where I'll take some of the tracks from Chapter 1 off and replace them with score from Episodes 10 through 15.
TREKCORE: Oh, so the vinyl will be released after the season finale?
RUSSO: Yes, that's correct. And then there'll probably be digital-only “Chapter 2” release, which would just be music from Episodes 10 through 15.
TREKCORE: Regarding the vinyl release, it's becoming somewhat of a trend in recent years to see movie and television scores coming to these special LP releases. What are your thoughts on these, at a time when many people go right to digital downloads for their music?
RUSSO: I think that it's a collector's item, you know? There are some people who enjoy listening to music on records — I know I'm one of them — and I think it's always fun to have records to see the artwork that's involved.
You get to see the credits and who's done what to produce the album, you get special pictures, liner notes, and all that — it's more about the whole item than just delivering the music, which these days are something that's easier to do than ever.
That may be a much smaller percentage of buyers, but I still think, especially fans of a franchise like Star Trek, would be interested in something like that.
TREKCORE: There have been a few vinyl releases from the Trek feature films in the last few years, and for those who are really into the music side of fandom have definitely been excited about those sets.
RUSSO: I think that people enjoy the feeling of owning an album and all that goes with it, and I think that's the real appeal of that.
TREKCORE: From our perspective, one of the more unique episodic score moments was the music from the Burnham/Tilly jogging sequence in “Lethe,” that MIDI-esque take on the Discovery theme….
RUSSO: And that IS on the soundtrack! It's titled “Persistence.”
TREKCORE: Oh, wonderful! It was certainly one of our favorite pieces of music from the season so far, but what about you — what's been your favorite musical moment from the season?
RUSSO: You know, it's a moving target. My first response was about to be “Oh, you haven't heard it yet!”
Like, as I live with things, the new things that I'm creating for these episodes that haven't aired yet become more fun and shiny, you know? [Laughs] So, like, there's something at the end of Episode 10 [“Despite Yourself”] that I'm really super happy about, but I'm really happy about the end of Episode 9 [“Into the Forest I Go”] too!
I have no specific favorite part — there are a number of things that I'm really excited and happy to do, like the waltz between Stamets and Burnham in Episode 7. That was fun to do, and I really enjoyed that.
I had to write an opera and you haven't heard that yet.
TREKCORE: Would that be Kasseelian opera, the favorite of Stamets and Culber?
RUSSO: The Kasseelian opera, that's correct! And my saying that doesn't reveal any story point whatsoever, other than there's an alien race called the Kasseelians and one of them is an opera singer!
But that was really super fun to do and super amazing. I've just been so artistically thrilled to be able to do all of this different stuff with this show, and it's hard for me to nail down just one favorite.
I'm partial to the main title, a reference it a good deal in the episodic score, because it has emotional value to me. It has nostalgic value to me, meaning I can immediately bring someone back to the feeling of the show by just nodding a little bit to the theme.
I enjoy doing that because it makes it feel like it's a whole picture.
TREKCORE: And you're still working to score the last episodes of the season, right?
RUSSO: Yeah, I'm going to record Episode 13 on Friday, then Episodes 14 and 15 will be recorded and finished after the first of the year.
TREKCORE: And then on to Season 2!
RUSSO: Apparently so — I've been told that the story for Season 2 is being broken now, and at some point next year, I'll be writing some more music!
To preorder Star Trek: Discovery – Season 1, Chapter 1 for digital download, head over to Amazon now, and you'll get Jeff Russo's music once the soundtrack lands on December 15.
Check back to TrekCore for our review of this soundtrack later this month!
The Republican presidential candidate now has voiced PBS president/CEO Paula Kerger's worst fears. On Wednesday Fortune magazine unveiled an interview with Romney with these specifics:
Fortune: You've promised to cap government spending at 20% of GDP. Specifically where will you cut?
Mitt Romney: There are three major areas I have focused on for reduction in spending. These are in many cases reductions which become larger and larger over time. So first there are programs I would eliminate. Obamacare being one of them but also various subsidy programs — the Amtrak subsidy, the PBS subsidy, the subsidy for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities. Some of these things, like those endowment efforts and PBS I very much appreciate and like what they do in many cases, but I just think they have to stand on their own rather than receiving money borrowed from other countries, as our government does on their behalf.
Already, in July, House Republicans proposed zeroing out by 2015 federal funding for public broadcasting for TV and radio during the same week that PBS received 58 Primetime Emmy nominations. Kerger warned at the summer Television Criticis Association presentation that a number of stations in underserved areas will go dark as a result. It also would affect funding for NPR. Federal funding represents 15% of the PBS budget – but given local differences in how some stations are funded, federal funding can represent 50%-60% of the budget for some stations.
Related: TCA: PBS CEO On Congress De-Funding
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The economics go beyond the fact Manitobans pay taxes when they leave school and enter the labour force.
The idea that people who reach the age of 65 should see the cost of public education lifted from their shoulders is wrong. Aging Manitobans share interest and responsibility for well-financed, quality schools. The philosophical underpinning of a public education system is that the province, as a whole, benefits from an educated population economically, socially and culturally.
In fact, there is no money, at all, in the treasury for expensive new initiatives. Every penny the government allots to the new tax credit -- worth $50 million fully rolled out -- comes from borrowing. This is deficit funding of an election promise, the very basis of which is specious.
Finance Minister Jennifer Howard has checked the piggy bank and found there is not enough money to fund the first year of a phased-in education tax credit for aging Manitobans. Ms. Howard now plans to roll out the credit over three years, not two, to free up $10 million for other education priorities this year. The minister should check her facts and the rationale for this tax credit.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 10/2/2014 (1841 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 10/2/2014 (1841 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Finance Minister Jennifer Howard has checked the piggy bank and found there is not enough money to fund the first year of a phased-in education tax credit for aging Manitobans. Ms. Howard now plans to roll out the credit over three years, not two, to free up $10 million for other education priorities this year. The minister should check her facts and the rationale for this tax credit.
DALE CUMMINGS / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS FILES winnipeg free press
In fact, there is no money, at all, in the treasury for expensive new initiatives. Every penny the government allots to the new tax credit — worth $50 million fully rolled out — comes from borrowing. This is deficit funding of an election promise, the very basis of which is specious.
The idea that people who reach the age of 65 should see the cost of public education lifted from their shoulders is wrong. Aging Manitobans share interest and responsibility for well-financed, quality schools. The philosophical underpinning of a public education system is that the province, as a whole, benefits from an educated population economically, socially and culturally.
The economics go beyond the fact Manitobans pay taxes when they leave school and enter the labour force.
Those who stay in school and graduate from Grade 12 are less likely to be involved in crime, addictions and enjoy higher health status. The education attainment of mothers is a strong indicator of their children's likelihood to succeed in life. Education has the ability to break the cycle of poverty, and that spreads benefits throughout a community's social and economic facets.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Indeed, Ms. Howard herself touched upon the gross inequity of peppering tax benefits by age, rather according to a household's means, in this proposal. Some older Manitobans and retirees have far more disposable income than many working families. Why, the minister asks, would the government be writing a $10,000 or $20,000 cheque to cover the education property taxes levied by school boards on a home valued at $1 million or more? Does it seem fair to transfer this burden from the wealthy onto other taxpayers? But Manitobans might ask why the minister chose $10,000 as her threshold.
Tax credits and exemptions ought to be geared to income, to preserve the progressive nature of the tax regime. But the NDP has undermined that principle, with credits bestowed deliberately to elicit the gratitude of voters. The incautious application of the current universal $700 education tax credit already triggers rebates for some renters and property owners.
DALE CUMMINGS / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS FILES Winnipeg Free Press
The new age-based tax credit is simply more of the NDP's manipulation of the tax regime to curry favour with the electorate. As with its decision to freeze post-secondary tuition for a decade, the proposed education tax credit hits the sweet spot for a large and growing chunk of voters: There are some 180,000 Manitobans in the 65-plus cohort; for many, eliminating the education levy will cut their property tax bill in half.
Ms. Howard tied the decision to stretch out the implementation of the tax credit to Statistics Canada's new population estimates, which will cut the per capita federal transfers to Manitoba. The truth is Manitoba's financial straits were caused by the NDP's spendthrift management. Indeed, part of the cash Ms. Howard wants to use on other priorities will go to funding smaller classes in the early grades, despite scant evidence backing the move.
The NDP administration does not have a revenue problem; it has an affinity for spending and little respect for budgets — proven by its record of repeatedly blowing past its spending plans.
Ms. Howard should exercise real restraint and pare back all spending to programs that are strictly necessary, while Manitoba gets back to black. And she should scrap outright the dubious idea of awarding tax credits to Manitobans who have reached their 65th birthday.
Far be it from me to give Republicans political advice but this clamor to “Repeal It!” while Barack Obama is still in office and would have to sign any bill repealing the freshly signed health insurance reform seems a little … uhhh … dumb?
But hey, guys, knock yourselves out, right?
And that's just what the GOPosaurs in my district of MI-01 are doing. Both super-conservative Tim Walberg and super-duper conservative Brian Rooney have both signed the “Repeal It!” pledge sponsored by the Club for Growth.
But yesterday, this political grandstanding met the bitter, harsh reality of our nation's health insurance crisis, a crisis the new law hopes to alleviate in part, on the pages of the Jackson Citizen Patriot‘s website. On the page reporting Walberg's and Rooney's signing of the silly, toothless pledge is a link to a related story. The story is of a 19-year old young man, one of nine kids in his family, who has cancer. His family has no health insurance.
Click image for larger version
Here's a blurb from the first article:
Two Republican candidates who want to unseat U.S. Rep. Mark Schauer have pledged to work to repeal the health care reform bill President Obama signed today. The conservative group Club for Growth has created a Web site…where lawmakers, candidates and citizens can join the campaign to get rid of the law they find too expensive and intrusive…As of this morning, more than 50 lawmakers and close to 200 candidates have signed the pledge, as well as more than 13,000 citizens. The candidate pledge reads: “I hereby pledge to the people of my district/state upon my election to the U.S. House of Representatives/U.S. Senate, to sponsor and support legislation to repeal any federal health care takeover passed in 2010, and replace it with real reforms that lower health care costs without growing government.”
And here's a bit from the story of the pancake breakfast held to benefit the 19-year old man from Michigan Center:
Both his mother and stepfather are facing financial difficulties and do not have insurance. [Jake Fagan] first began experiencing pain in the fall of 2009 but did not notify his parents until months later. By the time doctors examined the, they discovered a large tumor had already spread into Fagan's abdomen. Had he notified his parents earlier, the cancer might not have advanced so quickly. […] Moose Davis said his stepson has not let the cancer dampen his spirits. “He didn't want to be treated any differently,” Davis said. “I still joke around and give him a hard time sometimes.” Fagan is more than happy to have the jokes directed toward him. “It helps me keep my mind off (the disease),” he said. As of Saturday's event, more than $4,000 had been raised. “I was hoping and praying we'd get to two grand,” Hitt said. “I'm just ecstatic that we hit this.”
It's going to take a lot of pancake breakfasts for Jake and his family to pay for his medical care. Under the current system, he'll never get health insurance now, not with cancer.
So when Rooney and Walberg and all the other Republicans happily sign a pledge to “Repeal It!”, that's what they are signing on to:
Restoring the ability of health insurers to reject customers with preexisting conditions
Taking away the high-risk pool that would help families like Jake's in the future
Taking away Jake's ability to stay on his parent's insurance (if they manage to get some) until he is 26
Restoring health insurance companies' ability to cut people off when they get sick or when they have reached some payment ceiling.
The list goes on and on. So go ahead and stake your claim to that bit of hateful land, Tim and Brian. When Representative Mark Schauer is running his campaign to retain his seat as the Democratic Congressman from MI-07, he'll be able to proudly point to his vote to start the process of fixing the system that makes families hold pancake breakfasts and bake sales just so that they can receive health care.
Let me know how that works out for you.
UPDATE: Oh, look. The Senate Conservatives Fund PAC has their own Repeal It! pledge site now. Go get 'em, conservatives!
I'm just sayin'…
===================
Brother, can ya spare a Digg??? Thanks!
Last week, we sat down with Jamie Carragher for Graham Hunter's latest podcast. Our previous encounter with the Liverpool legend was in Madrid in March of last year. We were in Spain to film some videos with Graham to accompany his Spain book, and also take in the Spain v Italy friendly, notable for being Diego Costa's debut.
Jamie was in town to interview Xavi Hernandez for the Daily Mail and Graham was on translation duties. We all sat round a table in Las Rozas – Spain's national training centre in Madrid – while Xavi and Jamie chatted football. It wasn't the worst moment of my life.
Jamie's inquisitive nature and strong interest in Spanish football came through. Afterwards, we asked Jamie if he wouldn't mind doing an interview with us, to help publicise Graham's Spain book. He agreed. Trouble was, our film crew were in the next room interviewing Pepe Reina. So, I filmed it on our company's iPad.
Here is my debut as a cameraman. I think you'll agree that the content of the interview is far superior to the filming. The video last just over five minutes, but Graham felt he had only scratched the surface of what he wanted to ask Jamie. So, it was only natural that we should get him on the podcast. Enjoy!
You can also listen to the podcast on iTunes If you enjoy, please leave a short review – and spread the word. We appreciate it.
Martin BackPage
Liberals are flailing about doing everything they can to attack Donald Trump.
The latest effort seems to be removing Trump's name from a $100 million park he donated to New York State – called “Donald J. Trump State Park.”
Despite the massive donation, Democratic lawmakers are trying to strip his name from the park and replace it with a folk singer, or Revolutionary War hero or something.
Fox News is reporting two liberal lawmakers plan to introduce the “Anything But Trump Act,” (yes, it's that transparent), which would remove the name – and the signs – from a closed 440-acre park in Westchester County.
They claim – these two assemblymen – that Trump's “Anti-Muslim” rhetoric is so horrible, that even the sight of the man's name will cause the vapors.
Trump donated the land ten years ago after a planned golf course fell through. Four years later, budget cuts forced the closing of the park. But it's still a state park, it's still got his name on it and it's still there.
Assemblyman Charles Lavine – who sponsored the “Anything But Trump Act,” has some ideas who they should rename the park after:
Lavine, of Long Island, suggests the state rename the park for Peter Salem, a Muslim Revolutionary War soldier from Massachusetts who fought in battles in New York state. Other suggestions include folk singer and activist Pete Seeger.
Pete Seeger? Anyway, Lavine wasn't done:
“The rhetoric and discriminatory proposals we've seen from Mr. Trump don't belong in the presidential election, and don't belong in New York state parks,” said Squadron, of Brooklyn. “He has dishonored the state, and should not be honored with a state park named for him.”
Donald Trump has a solution: “If they want, they can give me the land back.”
A spokesman for Cuomo declined to comment on the matter. On Monday, the Democratic governor said Trump's comments and his proposal to ban Muslim immigration do a “disservice” to the country and could actually encourage terrorist recruitment efforts. “He is fanning the flames of hate,” Cuomo said on CNN. “One billion Muslims were just alienated with one sentence. At this point we don't need more Muslim enemies. We need more Muslim allies.”
As a side note, Rachel Maddow did a piece on the park several months ago. She tried to make fun of it – showing video of graffiti and dilapidated buildings. But it's a huge fail. What does she think a State Park should be? Most of t looks beautiful, despite being closed five years ago. Untamed woods just a short drive away from New York City? Sounds good to me.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
When it comes to legalizing marijuana, Canada isn't sailing entirely into the unknown. A number of countries and U.S. states have experimented with loose pot policies (if not outright decriminalization), and these places offer potential models and lessons for Canada.
Toronto-based law firm O'Neill Moon Quedado LLP has put together an infographic comparing three countries known for their experimentation with drug decriminalization: The Netherlands, Portugal, and, most recently, the U.S.
The law firm says we should be watching closely developments in the U.S., where Colorado, Oregon and Washington state have legalized marijuana for recreational use, with Alaska following this year. Those examples “will be the most relevant for Canada during the drafting of the law,” the law firm says.
And it notes one other thing: For all the talk out there about decriminalization, it hasn't happened yet.
“You can still get charged for possession, growing or selling marijuana,” the law firm notes, adding that some activities surrounding marijuana will likely continue to be illegal after the Liberals' reforms.
(Click for full size)
At this point in the 3D-printing game it should be obvious why the tech exists and why we should all own 3D printers: because they can change lives. Nowhere is that point hammered home more than in videos featuring the E-nable arms. In this latest video a girl named Isabella gets an amazing purple and pink 3D-printed hand from a volunteer named Stephen Davies who built and delivered the arm on behalf of Team UnLimbited.
The joy in Isabella's eyes is palpable. It's amazing to see technology that was in its infancy even five years ago take off to such amazing heights. I post these things for a reason: Because although we pay a lot of lip service to changing the world in the theatre of entrepreneurship, a lot of people are actually doing it.
If you'd like to help kids like Isabella, head over to the E-Nable site and check out Enablecon 2015. The team wants to build 1,000 hands for needy kids, and they need your help.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 26, 2017, 12:41 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 26, 2017, 12:41 PM GMT By Chuck Todd, Mark Murray and Carrie Dann
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Yes, the Russia-Trump investigation is real — even when you exclude the Steele dossier
WASHINGTON — With the revelation that the Clinton campaign and DNC paid the money to finance the Steele dossier, Trump and his supporters now argue that he's off the hook when it comes to the Russia investigation. “‘Clinton campaign & DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President.' @FoxNews,” Trump tweeted on Wednesday.
But here's a timeline to remind everyone that the Trump-Russia investigation is real — even outside of what we know about the Steele dossier:
Jan. 6: Intel community details that Russia interfered in the 2016 election — to hurt Hillary Clinton and benefit Trump.
Feb. 13: National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigns just after the Washington Post first reported that the Justice Department had informed the White House that Flynn could be subject to blackmail after misleading statements about his interaction with Russia's ambassador.
Feb. 14: The New York Times reports that Trump's 2016 campaign "had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials."
Feb. 14: Then FBI Director James Comey met at White House with Trump, where Trump tells him: "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go," the president says, per a memo Comey wrote about the meeting. "He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go."
March 1: The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russia's envoy twice in 2016 -- which Sessions didn't disclose in his confirmation hearing.
March 2: Sessions recuses himself from any federal inquiries involving Trump's 2016 campaign.
March 20: Comey confirms his agency is investigation allegations that Trump's 2016 campaign might have contacts with Russian entities.
May 9: Trump fires Comey. The original explanation is that it was due to how Comey handled the Hillary Clinton email investigation — and was based on the recommendation from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
May 10: In Oval Office meeting, Trump tells Russian officials, "I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job," he said, according to the New York Times. "I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off."
May 11: In interview with NBC's Lester Holt, Trump said he's firing Comey regardless of what Rosenstein recommended. And he suggested the Russia investigation was a reason behind the dismissal. "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
May 17: Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a special counsel in Russia probe.
July 9: NYT reports that Donald Trump Jr. met with a Kremlin-connected lawyer on June 9, 2016 after being promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton — "the first public indication that at least some in the campaign were willing to accept Russian help."
July 11: NYT publishes emails between Rob Goldstone ("This is obviously very high level and sensitive information, but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump") and Donald Trump Jr. ("If it's what you say, I love it." The entire email exchange is entitled: "Russia — Clinton — private and confidential."
July 31: WaPo reports that Trump dictated his son's misleading statement about that meeting with the Russian lawyer.
Aug 3: WSJ reports that special counsel Mueller impaneled a grand jury in his Russia investigation.
Aug 9: WaPo reports that the FBI searched Paul Manafort's home on July 26.
Oct. 4: Richard Burr, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, says his committee continues to look at whether there was collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. “There are concerns that we continue to pursue: collusion. The committee continues to look into all evidence to see if there was any hint of collusion.”
Oct. 25: The Daily Beast reports that the head of Trump's data-analytics firm Cambridge Analytica wrote in an email last year that he reached out to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange about Hillary Clinton's missing 33,000 emails.
And remember, parts of the Steele dossier have been confirmed
Also, NBC's Ken Dilanian reminds us that PARTS of the Steele dossier seem to line up with known facts. For example, Dilanian notes:
The dossier discusses Trump's attempts to secure business deals in Russia, saying, “Regarding TRUMP's claimed minimal investment profile in Russia, a separate source with direct knowledge said this had not been for want of trying. TRUMP's previous efforts had included exploring the real estate sector in St Petersburg as well as Moscow…” We now know that despite Trump saying he had no deals in Russia, his organization was trying to build Trump Tower Moscow during the Republican primaries.
The dossier says a “senior Russian diplomat withdrawn from Washington embassy on account of potential exposure in US presidential election operation/s.” According to McClatchy, Mikhail Kalugin was recalled from his post as head of the embassy's economics section in August of 2016. BBC reported that U.S. government sources identified Kalugin as a spy, though NBC News has not confirmed this.
The dossier asserts that in early August 2016, “a Kremlin official involved in US relations commented on aspects of the Russian operation to date,” discussing attempts to compromise Jill STEIN of the Green Party; TRUMP foreign policy adviser Carter PAGE; and former DIA Director Michael Flynn, by inviting them to Moscow. Flynn and Stein spoke at the RT gala in 2015, Flynn having been paid. Page gave a Kremlin-friendly speech in Moscow in July 2016 while he was advising the Trump campaign. (Page responded Thursday in an email to NBC News, “No one ever tried to compromise me.”)
Trump administration to declare opioid crisis a public health emergency — but stop short of calling it a national emergency
At 2:00 pm ET, President Trump will deliver remarks on the opioid crisis, and USA Today has an early read of what he'll say. “President Trump will order his health secretary to declare the opioid crisis a public health emergency Thursday — but will stop short of declaring a more sweeping state of national emergency, aides said. In an address from the White House, Trump will also try to rally the nation to a growing epidemic that claimed 64,000 American lives last year, and will advocate for a sustained national effort to end to the addiction crisis.”
More: “To respond to that crisis, Trump will sign a presidential memorandum ordering Acting Secretary of Health and Human Services Eric Hargan to waive regulations and give states more flexibility in how they use federal funds, said four senior officials responsible for crafting the administration's new opioid policy… Trump first promised to declare a national emergency to combat the crisis on Aug. 10, and repeated that pledge last week. Speaking to reporters on the south lawn of the White House Wednesday, Trump touted a ‘big meeting' on opioids, and said a national emergency ‘gives us power to do things that you can't do right now.'”
NBC's Ali Vitali confirms that the Trump administration will call the opioid crisis a public health emergency.
McConnell allies vs. Steve Bannon
"Allies of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declared open warfare on Wednesday against Stephen K. Bannon, the former White House chief strategist and leader of an insurrection aimed at defeating mainstream Republican candidates in next year's midterm elections," the Washington Post reports. "More than a year ahead of the 2018 congressional contests, a super PAC aligned with McConnell (R-Ky.) revealed plans to attack Bannon personally as it works to protect GOP incumbents facing uphill primary fights. The effort reflects the growing concern of Republican lawmakers over the rise of anti-establishment forces and comes amid escalating frustration over President Trump's conduct, which has prompted a handful of lawmakers to publicly criticize the president."
"Yet the retaliatory crusade does not aim to target Trump, whose popularity remains high among Republican voters. Instead, the McConnell-allied Senate Leadership Fund (SLF) will highlight Bannon's hard-line populism and attempt to link him to white nationalism to discredit him and the candidates he will support."
Kennedy assassination records to be released
NBC News: “Tens of thousands of previously classified records from the assassination of President John F. Kennedy 54 years ago are scheduled to be made public Thursday — a morbid gift that keeps on giving for historians and conspiracy theorists alike. Historians and investigators say about 90 percent of available records related to Kennedy's death on Nov. 22, 1963, are already public. Depending on whom you ask, 30,000 to 40,000 pages have remained secret, most of which will now be opened.”
After lots of activity in the previous month, the past two weeks have been fairly quiet for MemShrink.
AWSY
areweslimyet.com has been proving its worth.
Jonathan Kew reduced the amount of memory taken by fonts on Fennec at start-up, which was detected by AWSY/mobile. Jonathan also reverted a change that AWSY detected as increasing Fennec memory consumption, and filed a follow-up to investigate further.
Joe Drew fixed a bad regression on AWSY relating to image decoding. It's not clear to me if this was a genuine regression that users would have seen, or if it was an artifact of the way AWSY does its measurements. Either way, it's good that it was fixed, and props to Joe for doing it so quickly.
Finally, we closed bug 833518, which was for an AWSY regression caused by the new DOM bindings. This was previously improved by an Aurora-only hack, but enough cases have been translated to the new bindings that we're naturally down almost to where we were.
Miscellaneous
The mobile team abandoned their goal of making Fennec work on phones with only 256 MiB of memory. The rationale is that Android phones with only 256 MiB of RAM are uncommon, whereas low-end phones that meet the current minimum of 384 MiB are much more common. The mobile team will of course continue to look for ways to improve memory consumption in order to make life for users with 384 MiB phones.
I modified the JS engine so that it doesn't emit bytecode for asm.js functions in the normal case. This reduced the memory consumption of the Unreal 3 demo used at GDC by about 100 MiB. I also added a memory reporter for array buffers used by asm.js, which are often quite large and weren't being measured on 64-bit platforms.
Alexandre Poirot fixed a leak relating to dev tools.
Randell Jesup fixed a small leak in WebRTC.
Help Needed
I'm working on adding a button to about:memory trigger the dumping of memory reporter data to file. I have a patch awaiting review, but I'm getting a test failure on Windows. The test saves gzipped memory reports to file, and then immediately loads that saved file (and uncompresses it) and checks the data looks as expected. This works fine on Mac and Linux, but on Windows I'm sometimes getting incomplete data in the load step. The file is quite short (just 253 bytes compressed, and 620 bytes uncompressed) and the truncation point varies between runs; in the most severe occurrence only 9 bytes of uncompressed data were loaded, though the cut-off point seems to vary randomly.
I suspect there's a file synchronization problem between the save and the load, even though gzclose() is called on the save file before the loading occurs. If anyone has ideas about what the problem might be, I'd love to hear them.
Update: Nils Maier and an anonymous commenter pointed out the problem — I was using “r” instead of “rb” for the file mode. On Windows, this causes mangling of EOL chars.
Also, we're seeing some strange behaviour on Mac OS X where memory managed by jemalloc doesn't appear to be released back to the OS as it should. This is both alarming and hard to understand, which is not a good combination.
Good First Bugs
I have two easy bugs assigned to me that I probably won't get around to for some time. Both of them would be good first (or second, or third…) bugs.
Bug 857382 is about making:memory handle memory report diffs more elegantly.
Bug 798914 is just a minor code clean-up. Nothing too exciting, but first bugs often aren't!
Please email or comment in one of the bugs if you are interested in helping.
Bug Counts
Here are the current bug counts.
Barrett wrote specifically about the duty of judges to put their faith above the law.
Anyone serving in the U.S. Government has to abide by the U.S. Constitution as the supreme law of the land, but that is not the ardent belief of Trump's nominee to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.
The idea that the Constitution is secondary to a judge's religious belief has been a growing threat for a decade or so, but now that threat is becoming reality as America lurches toward an evangelical theocracy. For far too long politicians have looked the other way as theocracy-minded evangelicals have infected the government hoping to spread their bastardized version of Christianity like a virulent plague.
At least now some members of the Senate realize the danger of a religious fanatic serving as an appeals court judge, but it is likely far too late to stop a serious threat to the rule of law by a Trump nominee who said judges have a duty to put their faith above the Constitution.
Amy Coney Barrett is a practicing conservative Catholic, and is an extraordinarily enthusiastic opponent of a woman's right to choose. She has written extensively on the Catholic Church's need to dismantle an American long-standing legal medical procedure adjudicated as constitutional in Roe v. Wade.
Barrett also does not subscribe to the idea of adhering to long-established legal precedents if they conflict with her religious belief that laws, or High Court rulings "were gross mistakes" because they are not founded on her Christian religion.
Barrett is a law professor at the Catholic Notre Dame University and except for serving as a "law clerk" for dead SCOTUS justice Antonin Scalia and appellate Judge Laurence H. Silberman, she has not served as a judge; and she damn well never should for good reason.
According to a recent report from the Alliance for Justice (AFJ):
"As a judge, Barrett could be expected to put her personal beliefs ahead of the law. She wrote specifically about the duty of judges to put their faith above the law in an article entitled “Catholic Judges in Capital Cases.” Among other things, she strongly criticized Justice William Brennan's statement about faith, in which he said that he took an oath to uphold the law, and that “there isn't any obligation of our faith superior” to that oath. In response, Barrett wrote: “We do not defend this position as the proper response for a Catholic judge to take with respect to abortion or the death penalty.” (author bold)
If that is Barrett's position, and she has written extensively that it is what she believes, it automatically disqualifies her for any position in America's judicial system. No judge, federal or otherwise, can blatantly disregard the only basis for law in the United States, the U.S. Constitution. Barrett claims the law of the land is secondary to a judge's religious belief.
And, regarding Barrett's nomination to a life-long position on a federal Circuit Court of Appeals, AFJ's president Nan Aron said In a statement:
"Amy Coney Barrett is a judicial nominee the likes of which we have rarely seen: a person who believes and has stated that judges can and should put their personal beliefs ahead of the law and Constitution when carrying out their duties. Specifically, Barrett has written that judges should put their religious faith ahead of the law in certain cases. She also has written that judges should not have to abide by precedent if they disagree with how past cases were decided. These views are so contrary to our system of democracy and justice that, in our view, they clearly disqualify her for the federal bench." (author bold)
That AJF report elicited concerns in the Senate leading Utah Republican Senator Orrin Hatch to ask about her "questionable record" while quoting directly from the AJF report. But Barrett, a self-admitted "conservative Catholic" did what is becoming natural for so-called "conservative Christian" adherents; she violated her own Christian bible's Ninth Commandment and lied by denying the AJF's accusations. She responded to Senator Hatch saying:
"That is not true. I totally reject and have rejected throughout my entire career the proposition that the end justifies the means or that a judge should decide cases based on a desire to reach a certain outcome."
Barrett's assertion was quickly called what it was, a dirty lie. The legal director for Alliance for Justice, Daniel Goldberg, asserted that Barrett's testimony is “a point-blank lie.” He said:
“Look at our report. It quotes Coney Barrett directly."
California Senator Dianne Feinstein joined Senator Hatch in expressing her deep reservations about Barrett's religious extremism. She noted:
"When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you. And that's of concern when you come to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for for years in this country."
Minnesota Senator Al Franken actually did the right thing and questioned Barrett's "fitness to serve" when she claims a judge's religious beliefs trump the U.S. Constitution. He also rightly chastised "the conservative Catholic's close ties and communication with the anti-gay Christian hate group Alliance Defending Freedom."
It isn't immediately clear who in the Trump administration directed Trump to nominate Barrett as an Appellate Court judge, but it was almost certainly either Mike "preacher" Pence or Jeff “bible” Sessions. It may have even been the Christian hate group Alliance Defending Freedom; they all believe the Christian bible supersedes the U.S. Constitution as the law of the land and the idea of a conservative Catholic panting to overturn Roe on the federal bench almost certainly gave those impotent religious old men a 19-year-old's erection.
Barrett has no right serving in any capacity as a judge. And no, her religion is not the issue. Nobody has any shit to give about what Psalms she sings, how she worships, who she prays to, or to which Christian denomination she subscribes. However, every American alive should shudder that Trump is nominating Christian extremists who fervently believe that judges have "a duty to put their faith above the law of the land;" because it is a direct line to an oppressive theocracy which is exactly what whoever nominated an Christian extremist like Barrett intended.
Here's another week of noteworthy updates on the Rails trunk. Thanks once again to the Rails Envy podcast for featuring my updates, and even bigger thanks to the Rails contributors and committers who make things happen. This week's Living on the Edge was covered in Rails Envy podcast #17.
The company I work for, Bezurk (yeah we know some of you hate the name "Bezurk" - that's going to change), is currently looking for a Ruby developer to join our ranks. This person will be working mainly on Ruby-based web development projects. As we all know, "Rails doesn't scale" (delivered in Jason Seifer-style - meaning it's just a joke!) so we'd love anyone who's up for a challenge and who's also willing to work outside the Rails comfort zone (our current favorite: Ramaze). Our Ruby team currently comprises 3 experienced developers and 1 up and coming Rubyist.
We're active Open Source contributors (Arun released ActiveCouch recently), while I am a Rails contributor (I'm 'chuyeow' on the Rails Trac) myself.
If all this sounds interesting enough to you, do check out the full job description and drop us an email. Yes, we're serious when we said "+1 for DotA/Counterstrike skills)". There's a catch though - you have to work on location at our office in Singapore.
Anyway, let's get back on topic - this week's report covers changes from 28 Jan 2008 to 3 Feb 2008 (the day the Rails Envy podcast was recorded).
Saving, creating and updating ActiveRecord objects is more efficient
Thanks to Gleb Arshinov and Alexander Dymo with their blog post and patches about improving Rails performance by approaching it via minimizing garbage collection, saving, creating, and updating ActiveRecord objects is now significantly more efficient.
The expensive ActiveRecord::Base#attributes method is no longer called internally, so there's no unnecessary cloning of attribute values. Less memory usage means less garbage collection, which means better performance!
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8770
SQL calls and rendering are faster
This patch is courtesy of Gleb Arshinov and Alexander Dymo too.
Rails surrounds every SQL call and ActionView::Base#render with the ruby method Benchmark#realtime so that it can print out some benchmarking numbers. Benchmark#realtime allocates an unnecessary 45k of memory per call (who knew!). This has been monkey patched in Rails to a leaner implementation, reducing memory usage and increasing performance.
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8771
MySQL adapter slight optimization
Table and column names in the MySQL adapter are now cached in instance variables, reducing memory allocations (and thus the need for GC ).
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8794
script/generate does Git!
script/generate now allows you to pass the '--git' (or '-g') option to add the generated files to git (much like how you could do the same with Subversion with '-c' or '--svn'). This patch is the work of Steven Soroka so nice work Steven!
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8772
map.resources :products, :as => 'something_else'
Here's something that will make non-english Rails developers happy: you can now do, for example,
map.resources :comments, :as => 'comentarios'
so that you can keep having your model names independent of what URLs you'd actually like to appear on the site.
The above map.resources means that you can keep your resource and model names in English (Comment), while having URLs like this: /comentarios/123.
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8785
:index option for form_for and fields_for to simplify multi-model forms
Inspired by a Railscasts episode where Ryan Bates mentions how ugly it is to have to pass :index => nil to prevent #text_field (and other form helpers) from inserting the model's ID in the input name (e.g. project[task_attributes][123][name] when what you really want is project[task_attributes][][name]).
Meaning instead of
<% fields_for "project[task_attributes][]", task do |f| %> <%= f.text_field :name, :index => nil %> <%= f.hidden_field :id, :index => nil %> <% end %>
you can now do:
<% fields_for "project[task_attributes][]", task, :index => nil do |f| %> <%= f.text_field :name %> <%= f.hidden_field :id %> <% end %>
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8786
No more emails in your production logs
You'd probably have noticed that ActionMailer logs entire email messages in the log, even in production. Well, it's been changed to be less verbose now. At the :info log level, only the recipients are logged. You can still see the entire email at the :debug log level (which is the default for development environment).
Related changeset: http://dev.rubyonrails.org/changeset/8781
As always, let me know of any inaccuracies or any suggestions you may have in the comments. Oh, and if you liked this, do me a favor by submitting it to Ruby Reddit.
In an effort to venture out of the Aquanetted '80s but still steer clear of our dismal present, ABC's announced that it's giving a script commitment to a '90s-based spin-off centering on the gym teacher from The Goldbergs. (Yes, really.) According to The Hollywood Reporter, the alphabet network's betting that Goldbergs fans want to learn even more about Coach Rick Mellor. Bryan Callen, whom you might otherwise remember from MADtv, originated the role on the ABC sitcom, where the part's gradually expanded over the show's run. But this gym teacher-centered spin-off will give viewers two times the dodgeball advice by having Mellor team up with some other male high school teacher as they become surrogate parents to the three children of another employee. All this parenting will take place in the '90s, presumably long after the youngest Goldberg kid's made their way out of school. Goldbergs creator Adam F. Goldberg is writing the script with regular collaborator Mark Firek; Happy Madison's Doug Robinson and Seth Gordon will executive produce.
[via CinemaBlend]
Biotechnology is the science that applies human technology to improve and repair human biology.
In one sense, humans have been doing this for centuries. Ancient cultures found ways to use herbs and other substances to treat disease. Today's pharmaceutical industry is the culmination of that science.
Biotechnology is different. It involves not just harvesting drugs, but also manipulating genetic material in ways that weren't possible before modern technology. Biotech is one of the stock market's most interesting and exciting sectors because the potential gains are so impressive.
Companies in other sectors can have moderate success. A retail or restaurant chain can start with a dozen stores, wait to see if they make money, and then expand nationally. Biotech, however, doesn't work that way. These companies either score amazing success or fail miserably. You don't see much in-between those two extremes.
Biotech companies can spend hundreds of millions of dollars on a treatment that turns out not to work. That's why careful research and diversification are so critical for biotech investors. The stocks can be very volatile as traders speculate about their research and business prospects.
Why The Biotech Sector is Booming
As a sector, biotech had a great run in recent years, with only occasional small corrections. Why is it so hot?
The customer base is growing. The postwar Baby Boom generation is aging and consuming more health care, including biotech treatments.
The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) healthcare reform program in the US expanded the number of people with health insurance, allowing many to use expensive drugs for the first time.
Possibly the greatest reason is simply timing. The Human Genome Project decoded our genetic makeup and gave scientists huge amounts of new data in the early 2000s. A decade later, biotech companies that developed drugs based on that data are finally reaching the end of testing and approval.
That's why biotech ETFs beat the pants off the broader stock market over the last three years (see chart below). The gray area shows IBB, one of the oldest and a popular biotech ETF. The gold line is the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The performance of the Dow 30 blue chip stocks look almost flat next to the huge gains in biotechs. In fact, this was a generally good period for investors in the broader US stock market indexes. Nonetheless, the gains are small compared to biotechs.
Some people wonder if biotech is in an unsustainable “bubble” after such impressive gains. They are right that this uptrend won't last forever, but that doesn't mean it can't continue.
For example, you could have looked at IBB back in late 2014 and thought, “This has doubled in just two years. It can't go on.” But it did go on; IBB rose another 50% in the following year.
Look at it this way: if the biotech sector lost half its value tomorrow, it will have still outperformed the Dow over the last three years. That's why having a small slice of your portfolio in this high-potential sector could have boosted your overall results.
How Biotech ETFs and Stocks are Different Than Others
Biotech is a research and capital-intensive business. Developing and testing new products can take years, even decades, before the company receives any revenue from them. Companies need money to fund research and pay salaries while their products are still in the lab—with no guarantee of success.
The capital comes from investors. That could be someone like you, who buys shares of stock on the public markets. In the early stages, it tends to be wealthy “venture capital” investors or large institutions.
The biotech business model is similar to that of mining or energy exploration. You start with a theory that you can exploit some valuable resource no one else has found. Just as a geologist looks for gold that can be mined, a biotech scientist is searching for a piece of DNA to manipulate.
Isn't biotechnology investing risky?
You bet it's risky. You can lose your shirt, but you can also win big. The next chart again shows the biotech ETF IBB this time compared to the S&P 500 Index since 2002.
Let's again use the mining analogy. Whether you are mining for gold or synthesizing DNA to develop a cancer cure, you may not find what you seek. You have to dig and drill for it first, which takes up-front cash. If you are an investor, you're sharing risk with the miners or scientists. One of two outcomes will happen.
If you don't find gold (or your new cancer cure doesn't work), you will have spent a lot of money for nothing.
If you do strike gold, or find that cure, the whole world will want to buy it from you.
You don't need every biotech stock you own to win. You just need some of them to win big.
The chart above shows that, even with a high failure rate, holding biotech stocks delivered impressive returns for those who held them ten years or longer.
How to Pick the Right Biotech ETF for Your Portfolio
A biotech ETFs performance depends on the performance of the individual stocks inside. Fund sponsors choose them in different ways.
Some biotech ETFs follow a passive index that includes all the biotech stocks that meet certain qualifications. Others try to “enhance” the index by filtering out stocks with poor fundamentals like too much debt.
These different selection methods give each ETF a slightly different flavor. Investors will see different results, particularly in the short term. For example, in the three-month period ending July 2015, Market Vectors Biotech (BBH) rose about 12%. That was great, of course, but over that same period, SPDR S&P Biotech (XBI) returned twice as much, rising 24%.
What happened? BBH had greater exposure to the large-cap biotech leaders that were relatively weak in soft summer trading. XBI had a more diversified portfolio of small-cap biotech stocks that continued strong through the summer.
This doesn't mean BBH will always underperform or XBI will always outperform. We could also point to periods when BBH outperformed XBI, or where they both lost ground. It just means they are different from each other.
What are the Key Indicators for Evaluating Biotech ETFs?
This is a great question. Remember, an ETF is no better or worse than the stocks it holds. Evaluating biotech stocks is much harder than evaluating, say, retailer stocks. We all shop, so we can all make informed guesses about a particular store's profit potential. Few of us are molecular chemists of neuroscientists, or even know one. We have to depend on experts to evaluate a biotech company's business plans.
However, even people with the best credentials and experience don't know the future. Every biotech company, by definition, wants to do something no one has done before. An expert's opinion may be no better than an amateur's speculation.
Since evaluating biotech companies is so difficult, most investors try to diversify as much as possible. ETFs are an ideal way to achieve this because they aggregate many stocks into one package.
Some points to consider when looking at biotech ETFs...
Size. Look at “assets under management” or “net assets.” Bigger ETFs can keep costs down by spreading expenses over a larger base. Small ETFs (under $100 million) may have higher fees and less liquidity.
Age. ETFs first hit the market in the 1990s, but it took about a decade before sector ETFs started to appear. Look for an ETF whose “inception date” is at least 3-5 years ago. That tells you it has found a following.
Fees. A well-run ETF should have an expense ratio below 1%. Many are even lower. ETFs with high fees can sometimes justify their expense with better performance, but usually you are better off in a lower-cost ETF.
Stock Selection. Most ETFs track an index. Some indexes are static and rarely change their holdings. Others review their holdings every year or quarter. Both approaches have their advantages.
Signs of Opportunities and Threats in the Biotech Sector
The biotech sector can be very volatile. Individual companies can fail or succeed for reasons other than their scientific expertise. They need a solid capital base to keep the doors open while they develop revenue-producing drugs.
Some risk factors in the biotech sector include...
Patent laws. Companies invest millions of dollars developing new drugs because they can get exclusive rights to them via patent protection. Changes in patent law that cut into exclusivity can reduce a drug's profit potential. Patent law is different in each country, too, so patent changes anywhere they hope to sell their drug can make a difference.
Government policies. In many countries, government-funded medical programs pay for patients to receive drugs. Biotech companies have to justify their prices to officials in charge of those programs. Political pressure for lower prices can affect a biotech company's profitability.
Insurance companies. In the US, private insurance companies play a huge role in the healthcare system. They need drugs that work, but they also want to keep costs down. Biotech companies need to have good relations with insurance providers to find the best balance.
Health breakthroughs. Suppose a biotech company spends millions of dollars developing an expensive cure, and then a scientist somewhere finds a way to treat the same disease at a fraction of the cost. That's great for patients, but can kill the biotech company's business plan.
Be alert for news on these factors, especially if you invest in individual stocks. Diversification makes biotech ETFs somewhat less vulnerable, but industry-wide changes can still impact them.
Basic strategies for beginners in this sector
High diversification
For most people, the best approach is to buy equal positions in at least 15-25 biotech stocks. Some will probably fail, but you might have a huge winner that will make up for them. You can do this by purchasing the stocks individually and holding them in your brokerage account.
For an investment under $100,000, ETFs are usually more cost-effective. You only have to pay one brokerage commission and the ETF sponsor handles most of the administrative chores for you.
Better yet, the ETF's built-in diversification puts math on your side. Unless you're using leverage, each stock can't fall any more than 100%. Yet there is no limit to how high a winning stock can go. One “ten baggers” stock can cover nine total losses… and it's not hard for a successful biotech stock to multiply its price ten times over.
Limited exposure
While biotech can be a great sector with tremendous upside, you should expect volatility. Your account value will change daily, and it could change significantly. Daily swings of 5% or more are possible. Make sure you are mentally prepared for this.
One great way to make the ups and downs easier: limit your exposure. You don't want to put all your eggs in one basket, so don't put all your money in one sector. The right amount will vary depending on your circumstances, experience, and other holdings. A good rule of thumb is to not allocate more than 10% of your stock portfolio to any one sector.
Long-term perspective
Results take time in any stock sector, but especially in biotech. Patience is one of your best tools. When you first buy a biotech ETF, commit yourself mentally to keeping it for at least five years. That will give you time to recover from the inevitable downturns.
What if you don't have five years to wait? Then you probably should look for investments more suitable for you. Don't try to become a “day trader” and jump in and out frequently. Very few non-professionals ever make money that way.
Top biotech ETFs
The list changes often as the biotech sector falls in and out of favor. ETF sponsors bring out new products when they see demand, or when they think they've found a new twist.
Here are the five largest US–listed biotech ETFs as of mid-2015.
Market Vectors Biotech ETF (BBH)
First Trust NYSE Arca Biotech ETF (FBT)
iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology (IBB)
PowerShares Dynamic Biotech & Genome ETF (PBE)
SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (XBI)
To see the difference between them, we have to look under the hood. This table lists the top ten stocks for each ETF as of Aug. 30, 2015, and the percentage held.
Looking at the ETFs these ways gives us important information.
Four stocks are a top holding in four ETFs: Amgen, Incyte, Regeneron, and Vertex.
BBH and IBB have identical top ten holdings, though at different weightings.
The top ten holdings in XBI show no overlap with the other ETFs.
The stocks that dominate BBH and IBB are the large, well-known biotechnology stocks. The companies already have revenue-generating products. The stocks in XBI and (to a lesser extent) FBT and PBE have a smaller, more speculative nature.
Top Biotechnology ETFs
Which biotech ETFs are best? It depends on your objectives.
If you want dividend-paying biotech stocks, PBE and XBI are good candidates.
If you want exposure to riskier development-stage biotech companies that could turn into big winners, look at XBI.
If you want a little of both, FBT and PBE may be good candidates.
Keep in mind, all these ETFs and the stocks inside them carry significant risks. The big names are relatively less risky, but they are not what most people would consider “conservative.”
Biotechnology ETFs let you participate in a fast-growing sector. You should be prepared for a lot of volatility in the short run, but you will have a reasonable chance at excellent long-term gains.
The holiday of the future will still provide memories of strolls along sunny beaches, the sensation of sand between your toes and the peaceful rush of the ocean, but there will be one crucial difference.
You won't have ever actually been away - in fact you might not have even left your home.
Instead, people will download memories to their brains to make them feel as if they have been on a sun-kissed holiday.
That's just one of the many realities we could face as we learn to manipulate the human mind, US physicist Dr Michio Kaku told MailOnline in an exclusive interview.
Visionary: Dr Kaku is best known for his expertise in theoretical physics but his latest book takes a look at how rapid advancements could bring about huge changes in how we understand – and use – our brains
Dr Kaku is best known for his expertise in theoretical physics – his previous books have dealt with topics such as parallel universes and the cosmos.
But his latest book, The Future of the Mind, takes a look at how rapid advancements could bring about huge changes in how we understand – and use – our brains in the next 50 to 100 years.
His theories on the future of the mind are wide-ranging, from the possibilities of telepathy to controlling ‘programmable matter' with our thoughts alone.
At times, his opinions sound purely like science fiction – but he's convinced that these are developments we'll see not just in the distant future, but by the end of the century.
Of particular interest is the ability to implant memories.
‘First of all, someone goes on vacation before you, and pleasant memories such as walking on the seashore and picking up rocks are put on a disc,' Dr Kaku told MailOnline.
‘Then they're uploaded into your own mind; relax, and there you are at the beach.
‘Feel the wind at your face, hear the sound of the waves, all the sensations – you'll have a memory of a very nice walk on the beach in some exotic location, that's what this person before you felt.
‘These things are within the realms of possibility – it's only a matter of time.'
Wish you were here? In the future we may never set foot on a tropical beach when we go one holiday, we could just visit them virtually through downloads we place inside our brain, Dr Kaku says
All this will be made possible by significant advancements in our understanding of the brain.
As Dr Kaku points out, we have learned more about the brain in the last 15 years than we have in the rest of human history.
And crucially, our knowledge of the map of neural connections in the brain, known as the connectome, is rapidly improving.
This is thanks to machines such as MRI scanners that can see which parts of the brain light up as a person performs different activities.
‘In the short term, we're going to be able to connect our minds to computers, so that we'll be able to control exoskeletons,' he said.
WHO IS DR MICHO KAKU? Dr Kaku was born in California on 24 January 1947. He led a distinguished academic career, attending Harvard University and the University of California, Berkely – where he received his PhD in 1972. His studies focused on theoretical physics, and he is continuing to search for a so-called 'Theory of Everything' that unites the four fundamental forces of nature – the strong force, the weak force, gravity and electromagnetism. Today he popularises physics to the public and has appeared on numerous TV and radio programmes. He has also written various popular science books including Physics of the Future and Beyond Einstein: The Cosmic Quest for the Theory of the Universe. His latest book, The Future of the Mind: The Scientific Quest to Understand, Enhance, and Empower the Mind, was number one on the New York Times Bestseller list.
‘We'll be able to perform primitive forms of telepathy, we'll eventually record memories, and then Alzheimer's patients will be able to push a button and memories will flood in.
‘Beyond that, the Internet will be replaced by the “Brain-net”, where you can convey emotions and memories rather than just text.'
Further into the future, probably the 22nd century, we could control surrogate robots on alien worlds with our minds, so we can explore space without physically having to go anywhere, according to Dr Kaku.
‘Maybe aliens have already done this, and we're walking into the middle of an interstellar system where people commute regularly to planets and stars, and we're too stupid to know it,' he said.
On telepathy, Dr Kaku says we can already take someone who's totally paralysed, hook them up to a computer, and allow them to send messages on the internet.
In the future, you could ‘walk into a room, mentally turn on the lights, internet, answer emails, call up for a movie. Indeed the computer mouse will gradually be phased out.
This will be made possible thanks to programmable matter – the dream of creating tiny little dust particles with the power of a PC, known as catoms, that can change their electric charge and be rearranged – all by our minds.
At the moment we are ‘nowhere near getting down to a grain of sand,' but Dr Kaku insists this can be addressed in the future.
‘In principle, in the future – mid-century – when you walk into a room, you'll mentally control all computers which are invisible – like Harry Potter.
‘What he does with his wand is rearranged matter so one object turns into another.
‘That's the goal of programmable matter, to have the ability like a magician.By late in this century, we might have full power.'
Dr Kaku's theories on the future of the mind are wide-ranging, from the possibilities of telepathy to controlling ‘programmable matter' with our thoughts alone (artist's impression of neuron, pictured)
He added: ‘Someone from the outside watching us would think we're sorcerers.'
Advancements in brain manipulation have important moral implications in the future, too, according to Dr Kaku.
‘[You could] fire a gun and record that, and insert it into an innocent person's brain so he thinks he fired a gun when he didn't.'
Dr Kaku says it will be entirely possible that we will one day be able to upload entire skills into a person's brain.
To become a doctor, for instance, someone could have all the relevant medical terminology and procedures uploaded into their mind.
However, he does not think this will make education obsolete, as people will still need to learn how to use this information.
'If you want to be a great chess player, learning the moves of chess is not enough,' he said.
'You have to chew on it, you have to regurgitate games of the past.
'In the future, you'll be able to learn the basic rules of calculus, but if you think “what does it mean” and “how can I apply this in new situations”, then you have to chew on it, and that you have to do yourself.'
HOW FALSE MEMORIES COULD LAND YOU IN JAIL
Innocent people can be fooled into believing they have carried out a violent crime that never took place, a study has revealed. Psychologists found that during just three hours of interviews, adults could be convinced they had perpetrated a theft, an assault, or even attacked somebody with a weapon when they were a teenager. People can be fooled into believing they have carried out a violent crime that never took place Using suggestive memory-retrieval techniques, the researchers were able to trick 70 per cent of the participants into believing they had committed an offence. The effect was so strong that the participants ended up providing detailed descriptions of things that had never actually taken place ‘Our findings show that false memories of committing crime with police contact can be surprisingly easy to generate, and can have all the same kinds of complex details as real memories,' said lead researcher Julia Shaw, from the University of Bedfordshire. ‘All participants need to generate a richly detailed false memory is three hours in a friendly interview environment, where the interviewer introduces a few wrong details and uses poor memory-retrieval techniques.' After hearing a false account of their teenage crime - peppered with true details of their life at that time - the participants appeared to ‘internalise' the fabricated story. This highlights the fundamental malleability of memory, said Dr Shaw. ‘This research speaks to the distinct possibility that most of us are likely able to generate rich false memories of emotional and criminal events,' she said.
But if all of these sounds a bit daunting, Dr Kaku we may be able to look for guidance not on Earth – but in the discovery of intelligent races elsewhere in the cosmos who 'mentally communicate' with each other.
'Some of my friends who listen for messages think [first contact] will happen in the next few decades,' he said.
Although Dr Kaku thinks that estimate is a bit soon, he said it was possible that if contact is made, a race could be an 'alien consciousness' rather than a physical being like humans, and he does not necessarily think they will be dangerous.
That itself brings a suggestion that they may be more like the 'Borg in Star Trek', where people are all linked to a single consciousness.
He said such a future for humanity was 'not impossible', and ultimately the 'ability to liberate ourselves from the inconveniences of the human body' would allow us to explore space like never before.
German professor Dr Martin Tajmar has presented results on experiments conducted with the controversial electromagnetic space propulsion technology EmDrive that he claims shows the theoretical technology generated thrust.
The key figure in the discussion of this theoretical technology is British scientist Roger Shawyer, who devised the EmDrive concept and first presented it in 1999, but spent years having his technology ridiculed by the international space science research community.
According to Shawyer, if the technology is ever commercially realised, EmDrive could transform the aerospace industry and potentially solve the energy crisis, climate change, and speed up space travel by making it much cheaper to launch satellites and spacecraft into orbit.
Tajmar, Professor and Chair for Space Systems at the Dresden University of Technology's Institute of Aerospace Engineering, presented a paper entitled "Direct Thrust Measurements of an EmDrive and Evaluation of Possible Side-Effects" at an American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics conference in Orlando, Florida, on 27 July.
Tajmar claims that his team were able to connect the EmDrive to a commercial 700W microwave magnetron, which produced thrusts of +/-20µN (micronewton) that were measured in high vacuum (range between one millionth and one thousand millionth of nominal atmospheric pressure) at a low Q factor of <50.
"Our test campaign cannot confirm or refute the claims of the EmDrive but intends to independently assess possible side-effects in the measurements methods used so far. Nevertheless, we do observe thrusts close to the actual predictions after eliminating many possible error sources that should warrant further investigation into the phenomena," the researchers wrote in their paper.
"The nature of the thrusts observed is still unclear. Additional tests need to be carried out to study the magnetic interaction of the power feeding lines used for the liquid metal contacts.
"Next steps include better magnetic shielding, further vacuum tests and improved EmDrive models with higher Q factors and electronics that allow tuning for optimal operation. As the worst case we may find how to effectively shield thrust balances from magnetic fields."
Tajmar told IBTimes UK that he feels his EmDrive experiments are just a "work in progress" at the moment. "I believe there is no real news here yet. I specifically wrote in the abstract and conclusion of the paper that our measurements can not confirm or refute anything here regarding the EmDrive."
"After building our own setup we did indeed measure effects similar to what you would expect from an EmDrive - but also in directions where you would expect zero thrust. Our setup therefore produced a null effect within our measurement resolution which is on the order of the claimed thrust – we did identify magnetic forces from the power cables that may still lead to a significant influence which must be assessed in future work."
Tajmar has experience in researching and debunking space propulsion systems through experiments, so his results should carry some weight. Of course, as he points out himself, they are unable to explain how EmDrive produces thrust, or if indeed there are other factors obscuring their results. This echoes the findings of Nasa's Eagleworks researchers in April.
Tajmar's results in line with existing EmDrive research
How does EmDrive work? As described by Roger Shawyer, EmDrive harvests the force of electromagnetic waves within a cone-shaped system, because the force exerted is greater at the larger end of the cone, therefore producing thrust momentum in that direction. Shawyer further states that this apparent closed-system is based on the theory of special relativity "in which separate frames of reference have to be applied at velocities approaching the speed of light" and therefore should be regarded as an open system. Shawyer's critics say that according to the law of conservation of momentum, his hypothesis cannot work as momentum generated in one direction requires an expulsion of propellant energy in the opposite direction, and the EmDrive is a closed system.
Shawyer consulted with Tajmar for his study, and he has included Tajmar's research in a new paper entitled "Second generation EmDrive propulsion applied to SSTO launcher and interstellar probe" that has been peer reviewed by the International Astronautical Congress (IAC) and published in the journal Acta Astronautica.
"In a five-minute-long video presentation that goes with my paper, there is a graph where I've plotted all the data that's been published, from our own work, to the work of the Chinese scientists, to the American work, and now the German work," Shawyer told IBTimes UK.
The graph is a linear set of characteristics that map out the research from eight different thrusters made by five different research groups in four countries.
"I've taken Tajmar's data and added a point to a graph, and it shows exactly as predicted that the force is dependent on the Q, and it proves that the specific thrust (force per unit power) increases as the Q increases," Shawyer explained.
"If you plot force per unit power against Q, you should get more or less a straight line. What Tajmar's work has done is produce the bottom point of that set of characteristics."
Critics say Tajmar's EmDrive still violates momentum conservation
The scientific community has been arguing against Shawyer's proposal on the grounds of the law of conservation of momentum since Shawyer introduced the concept in 1999. This has not abated despite his explanations to the contrary.
"The results are actually down to the theory of special relativity – basically fundamental physics – which has been well understood for the last 100 years," Shawyer told IBTimes UK in April regarding the Nasa experiments.
Eric W. Davis, a Senior Research Physicist at the Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin, Texas, told io9 that Tajmar's thruster violates momentum conservation, and he also says that the thrust signals Tajmar reported are actually "false positives".
"I noted in [the study's] conclusion paragraphs that [Tajmar's] apparatus was producing hundreds of micro-Newtons of thrust when it got very hot and that his measuring instrumentation is not very accurate when the apparatus becomes hot," said Davis.
"He also stated that he was still recording thrust signals even after the electrical power was turned off which is a huge key clue that his thrust measurements are all systematic artifact false positive thrust signals.
"The experiment is quite detailed but no theoretical account for momentum violation is given by him, which will cause peer reviews and technical journal editors to reject his paper should it be submitted to any of to peer-review physics and aerospace journals."
Go do the maths yourself, says Shawyer
Shawyer is sceptical of Davis' comments and feels that there are far too many "armchair scientists" getting in the way of real innovation.
Many critics have accused Shawyer of fraud, but his work, which was first presented at the IAC 2014 conference in Toronto in October 2014 has now published by a peer reviewed journal, and he sees no reason why Tajmar's work won't be too.
"This is real life – there are bound to be experimental effects that need to be explained. Trying to explain it without knowing the details of the experimental equipment, is not good," said Shawyer.
"It's really no wonder people don't like presenting data when they're subject to this sort of nonsense. Proper professional criticism is fine but it should be written down and aired in a forum. This shouting and throwing mud at people in the media is unprofessional."
Shawyer says Tajmar's results are "exactly in line with the EmDrive theory" and that people who want to criticise need to "do the maths" first.
"If you don't understand something and it's a difficult something, then what you should do is go away and listen, and read, and then you should go away, and if you're capable of it, you should do the maths. That's the key to it," he said.
"Once you've done that, and you're really serious, then you go and do your experiments, and then think about it for one to two years. Because that is what real scientists do, and they're seeing that EmDrive does work."
Iowa Governor Chet Culver, who believes in opposite marriage, today praised lawmakers for not taking up an amendment that would strike down the state's marriage equality law, the Sioux City Journal reports.
Said Culver: "We stood firm for the civil rights of every Iowan by saying loudly and clearly that any and all efforts to add discriminatory amendments to our state constitution have no place in our state constitution. Regardless of our personal views, we have a line that needs to be drawn between the executive branch and the judicial branch and I think Iowans are ready to move on and accept that unanimous decision. I think the overwhelming majority of Iowans do not want to amend our constitution in such a way that's discriminatory. I think that's the bottom line. I think Iowans want to move forward and the Supreme Court has spoken loudly and clearly and I think it's time to move on."
Not that they didn't try.
As you may remember, in February the Iowa House GOP implemented an obscure House rule to try to get a same-sex marriage ban in front of legislators for consideration. The GOP in the Senate tried the same thing. At least four Democrats have since signed on to their cause.
by Jeff Staple (@jeffstaple)
When asked to compile a list like this, two emotions come to mind:
1) A blessed feeling that the long hours and hard work that you put into your craft have been recognized by respected peers and they now, in turn, have asked for your humble opinion.
2) That “BRACE! BRACE! BRACE!” feeling you get when the overhead oxygen masks drop down in the middle of your flight.
There's bound to be some love and there's bound to be some hate. (Probably more of the latter.) Let's get something out the way, people. Statistically speaking, when listing FIFTY of anything, the chances that MY fifty will agree with YOUR fifty are nearly impossible. But, I highly encourage all of you reading this to make your own Top 50 list and share it with me @jeffstaple on Twitter or whatevs… OK.
Now let's break down the task at hand. Complex asked me to “List my Top 50 Most Influential People In Sneaker History.”
I had to assume that they were asking me because of my experience in sneaker culture, vis a vis, street culture. I think “Sneaker History” can really be told in two parts: 1) When sneaker giants made performance footwear for their esteemed athletes, and then 2) when sneaker companies, both large and independent, made shoes for “a lifestyle”. That new era does not exist because of athletes or performance. It's based on fashion, style, trend, influencers and whatever other word marketers use today. Together, those two trains of thought make up SNEAKER HISTORY to me. So my list comprises of both: The people that made the sneaker into a viable product. And the people that made the sneaker into a religion. Enjoy. Hate. Criticize. I love you all. #pigeonhustle
The “new” 808 successor from Roland will be modeled in digital form, possibly using virtual analog modeling, and perhaps with some sample sources. Roland's Aira-08, as readers noted, is already leaking in product descriptions as a “virtual analog” synth. (Among other sources: there was a Dutch retailer that revealed the info, before removing the page.) Unless Roland has managed some epic disinformation campaign, that means you won't see an analog remake as KORG did with their MS-20 last year. What you should expect instead is one that uses digital models to capture the sound of its predecessor, in a new design. We're even hearing from sources that it's in fact a SuperNATURAL-derived synth, as I speculated yesterday. (But that was almost certain, anyway.)
So let's consider for a moment what a modeled 808 from Roland would look like, at least while we wait to talk to them about specifics.
It's worth looking at the most recent generation of emulated analog from Roland, SuperNATURAL. “SuperNATURAL” is simply catch-all marketing to describe a variety of Roland technologies. For acoustic instruments, this has to do with behavioral modeling, building a set of sound models that go beyond just looping PCM samples and the like. You can read Roland's blog post on the topic, though it focuses on the acoustic:
What is SuperNATURAL Technology? [Roland Blog]
The results are very, very good, perhaps not exceeding what's possible with big sample banks on computers, but certainly a leap forward in playability and expression for dedicated Roland hardware.
It's not just acoustic instruments that get this moniker, though. In Roland's virtual analog instruments, each analog SuperNATURAL sound is made up of a series of models of components, from oscillators to filters. For added confusion, “SuperNATURAL” may refer to voices that use PCM (sample) sound sources for oscillators. It would be nice to see Virtual Analog oscillators here, as they would seem well-suited to a drum machine. (PCM isn't necessarily evil, as some comment threads would have you believe. But a modeled oscillator can offer more versatility in certain situations – as it can provide greater ranges of parameters to control. See, specifically, the Roland SH-201 I mentioned in yesterday's article, which used virtual analog inherited from the Fantom.)
And those sounds are very good, too. Let's take a moment to give Roland some credit. The recent Jupiters have some terrific analog engines in them, and the Aira will almost certainly use similar technology. Many electronic producers aren't likely to go buy a Jupiter 80 or Jupiter 50, because these are workstation keyboards that are overkill for what you do. And the modeled acoustic instruments unfortunately distracted from some of the nicer work Roland did on the Jupiter's VA components, associating those Jupiters with cheesy instrumental demos and not on the sound design and voicing underneath. For a good take on that, read Gordon Reid's reviews for Sound on Sound. (David Lovelace also has a good review, focusing on its use as a stage keyboard, for the American Keyboard Magazine.)
These reviews take on new relevance as you can take what they say about the sound design for keyboards and apply it here to drum machines.
I was corrected by a reader that just because SuperNATURAL is described as “virtual analog” doesn't mean there's necessarily a model of a waveform; these oscillators may use PCM sample sources and a combination of layering and other component models to get the desired sound.
I am hopeful that what we'll see on the Aira is a new architecture that is truly virtual analog.
The question now is just how much Roland has put into the modeling on the new instrument, and what that means for sound and playability. We'll know soon enough. (There are some good signs. GearSlutz, who leaked this back in the fall, suggested collaborations with the likes of acid pioneer A Guy Called Gerald.)
I think if Roland can hit an affordable price with this, and if it's reasonably playable, they'll have a hit on their hands. And the form factor has a reasonably-nice layout, with big triggers.
The market should still be open for a faithful 808 clones, however. Producer Michel Morin, aka Sneak-Thief, reflected on this privately (and provided CDM permission to recall his thoughts). He deals with some of the more idiosyncratic features of the 808:
The big question if it's modeled digitally: will it breathe like a real TR-808? 1. You see, the capacitors for the VCAs don't always fully discharge before the instrument is next triggered which creates a kind of pumping effect. Also, the original clap circuit was poorly designed and you usually can't hear the clap reverb on the first couple hits. Will they mimic this? 2. Some of the oscillators are free-running, meaning that the beginning of the waveform can differ each time the hats, cymbals and cowbell are triggered. Also, the kick drum uses a bridged T-resonator circuit – a fundamentally unstable analog arrangement where the trigger pings/excites the circuit which bursts into resonance then slowly fades. It's a beautiful, natural & organic-sounding sound. Will this be emulated? 3. There are also many audible variations between drum hits due to the trigger circuits. Not only that, seeing as most of the original components have 5-20% tolerances, temperature changes create variations in the sound.
I don't imagine these are important to Roland. Nor should they be important to someone who just wants a drum machine. They are important to people whose attraction to the 808 is to a specific instrument. The Aira, as Roland is already saying, is something new.
It's not necessarily a bad thing. I am amused that people are criticizing Roland's mid-1990s MC-303 groovebox, as that was a very nice instrument for its day. (It's still a pretty good deal used.)
So if purists won't be happy and people wanting a drum machine will, what about
[Editor's note: the following short article was first published in 2001, in GEO Newsletter #44: Democracy within Co-ops. Collective Copies now has 33 years in operation and is still going strong.]
Collective Copies, where I work, is a worker-owned, union copy shop. Now in our seventeenth year, we're a healthy co-op by all measures. We outlasted Kinko's challenge (they left town), and this past spring we opened up a second shop. People often ask me to explain how we make decisions at Collective Copies. Because we don't have a boss, we have to make decisions together. Usually we just go on consensus, but when that doesn't work, we have decision-making strategies to fall back on.
We all love our jobs and the positive work atmosphere—one based on respect for all—is essential. We use two key strategies for making decisions together: first we are very careful in hiring, and secondly we use a council circle at our monthly meetings.
When hiring we look for people we respect and with whom we share common values. Respect, common values and commitment are the keys to healthy, long term working relationships. We also strive to foster a fun, safe, free, creative, and trusting work environment. We serve our customers in the same atmosphere of mutual trust, kindness and respect.
At our monthly meeting, there is almost always some disagreement. Full participation of the group is imperative. So we have a council circle where everyone takes a minute or two to speak. This helps by showing that there are many sides to an issue, and this process always brings up a new idea. Very often, opinions will change only minutes after hearing what the circle has said. In this way, disagreements can lead to newer ideas and build on the beliefs we already share.
What do we do when the council has spoken, and we still haven't achieved a consensus? Sometimes we have to pick our battles and just let it go for the greater good of the collective. Another choice is to abstain from the vote rather than to block consensus. Another tactic is to table the issue until next month's meeting. Things often have a way of working themselves out over a couple of weeks, or perspectives will change with the aid of hindsight. Another method of problem-solving is to form a focus group. Two or three members with strong opinions can usually work it out in a smaller setting. Because these are the individuals who care most about the issue, they are bound to come up with an educated recommendation for the group, to find the middle ground.
Finally, when all else fails, sometimes it is worthwhile seeking outside help from a professional. Mediators and consultants have been very useful when we've been at an impasse. So respect for all members of the co-op fosters an environment where that respect can flourish. Encouraging full participation amongst the group and allowing everyone the opportunity to speak- these are the keys to secure and empowering jobs.
All images are from the Collective Copies website
Go to the GEO front page
When John Oliver called out LGBT rights opponent Scott Lively on Sunday's episode of “Last Week Tonight,” he made himself a new enemy.
Lively responded through his ministry's website Tuesday and called the TV host a “liar and a fraud” before promising to eviscerate him in a debate. “The Pink Swastika” author and head of Abiding Truth Ministries insists he was “attacked by Oliver,” so he apparently felt the need to mount a defense.
See video: John Oliver Tackles the Washington Redskins' Incredibly Racist Team Name
“I find it funny that lefties like John Oliver who pose as humanitarians are the masters at dehumanizing other people through ridicule and never give the subjects of their smears a fair chance to respond,” Lively said.
“I'm calling out John Oliver as a liar and a fraud who couldn't go ten minutes with me in an unscripted, unedited debate. Without his teleprompter and his cheap-shot, out-of-context video clips he would be exposed as just another left-wing loony.”
As TheWrap reported previously, Oliver took Lively to task because of the part he played in helping make Uganda so intolerant of the LGBT community. He admonished the conservative Christian for his crusade against tolerance and equality and played clips of his hateful sermons.
See video: World Cup Fanatic John Oliver Compares FIFA to Walter White, Promises The USA Team Will Be ‘Humiliated'
“Oliver is lying through selective editing [regarding] Rwanda and several other points,” Lively contended. “His show was one continuous stream of malicious LGBT propaganda in the guise of comedy.”
Here is Oliver's Pride Day segment on Lively and Uganda that aired on HBO:
The image at the top of this post was once the Twitter banner of billionaire Betsy DeVos until she got busted for it. What makes the image so controversial is the blatant product placement. Those little white boxes that look like something out of the movie Repo Man are for a “boxed water” product sold by the company Boxed Water is Better LLC whose tagline is “Boxed Water is Better”.
The DeVos connection to Boxed Water is a short straight line. DeVos is the chairwoman of a privately held investment group named The Windquest Group:
Among The Windquest Group's portfolio of companies is Boxed Water. In fact, The Windquest Group's address listed on an SEC filing (201 Monroe Ave. NW, Suite 500, Grand Rapids, Michigan 49503) is the same as the address listed on Boxed Water's contact page.
Boxed Water is pitched as an environmentally-preferred alternative to plastic water bottles. Their packaging, according to their greenwashing marketing effort, is 74% paper (“…made from trees, a renewable resource”!) and is recyclable (as are plastic PET water bottles, by the way, which are far more likely to actually BE recycled.)
In February of this year, Boxed Water put out a press release saying they were going to donate “11,520 units” to Flint to help with the catastrophe of the Flint water crisis. Assuming a “unit” is a 24-pack of 500 mL boxes, this is a tiny drop of water in the ocean needed to sustain the beleaguered city (Michael Moore estimates that 20.4 million 16 oz. bottles of water would be needed per day in Flint.) This faux altruism was promoted by the company who said they would donate one case of Boxed Water for every case purchased by customers:
For each case you buy, @boxedwater will provide 1 case directly to Flint relief efforts >>https://t.co/0P5WDQkQ7L. pic.twitter.com/uM3UpvlnsF — Boxed Water (@boxedwater) March 11, 2016
In other words, they were using the Flint water crisis to promote sales of their boxed water product, the one being hawked in Betsy DeVos's Twitter banner for awhile. No further donations were ever mentioned after the initial press release in February, even on The Windquest Group's Boxed Water page.
The DeVos family is a major contributor to the Koch brothers front group The Mackinac Center for Public Policy which is active in both the State Policy Network (SPN) and the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), both of which are Koch brothers' projects with the mission of having corporate interests setting public policy and making laws across the country. The Mackinac Center has been a huge proponent of Emergency Management in Michigan and the first Emergency Manager appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder was Louis Schimmel, a former Mackinac Center adjunct scholar.
So, to sum it all up, Betsy DeVos and her family have promoted groups that helped put the anti-democratic policy of Emergency Management in place in our state and, once Snyder-appointed Emergency Managers took steps that led to the poisoning of Flint's drinking water with the powerful neurotoxin lead, Betsy DeVos used the catastrophe as a way to profit from it by promoting Boxed Water, a company she is heavily invested in.
It may seem like a tangled web but, like her connection to Boxed Water, the line between the Flint water crisis and Betsy DeVos profiting from it is short and straight.
[CC Boxed Water image credit:Scott Schiller | Flicker]
Jamie Kirchick, writing in the Los Angeles Times, asks readers to imagine a military coup against a future President Donald Trump — and argues why one would be necessary.
Kirchick cites the example of the recent failed coup in Turkey as a source of inspiration:
Americans viewing the recent failed coup attempt in Turkey as some exotic foreign news story — the latest, violent yet hardly unusual political development to occur in a region constantly beset by turmoil — should pause to consider that the prospect of similar instability would not be unfathomable in this country if Donald Trump were to win the presidency.
Kirchick goes on to argue that Trump is a nascent authoritarian, whose illegal military orders — such as torturing terrorists — the military would be required to ignore, and then resist by force.
Curiously, Kirchick cannot fathom Hillary Clinton doing anything illegal with the military (despite her mis-handling of classified national security information, or her evident pride in the Libya war, which Congress never approved):
Needless to say, such dystopian situations are unimaginable under a President Hillary Clinton, who, whatever her faults, would never contemplate ordering a bombing run or — heaven forbid — a nuclear strike on a country just because its leader slighted her small hands at a summit.
Kirchick concludes that unless voters stop Trump from becoming president, a violent coup may be the only solution: “Trump is not only patently unfit to be president, but a danger to America and the world. Voters must stop him before the military has to.”
Read the full article at the Times.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for pre-order through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Illustration by Justin Renteria
A year ago Citizens for Tax Justice, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit, studied the tax returns of 280 corporations. What it found was a Beltway version of a Mafia protection scheme.
From 2008 to 2010, at least 30 Fortune 500 companies — including PepsiCo, Verizon, Wells Fargo, and DuPont — paid more for lobbyists than they did in taxes. They collectively spent $476 million sucking up to Congress, buying protection for tax breaks, loopholes, and special subsidies.
It didn't matter that these same 30 firms brought home a staggering $164 billion in profit during that three-year period. They not only managed to avoid paying taxes; they actually received $10.6 billion in rebates.
Welcome to the U.S. tax code, where companies like General Electric and Boeing contribute less to the federal treasury than a retired machinist living in Florida.
Defenders of the system argue that most deductions don't go to large corporations. That's true. By pure dollars, the lion's share go for mortgage interest, employer-paid health insurance, retirement plans, and Medicare benefits.
The difference is these tend to benefit everyone. They're designed for the greater good, reinforcing the pillars of self-determination: home ownership, savings, and healthcare.
But there's another part of the tax code where 99 percent of America is barred from entry. It's where Congress sells loopholes and subsidies to those who can pay. They not only screw the rest of the country — which is forced to cover the tab — but turn the notion of a free market into a joke.
Even for companies within the same industry, the disparities are alarming. From 2008 to 2010, UPS paid a tax rate of 24 percent. Rival FedEx paid less than 1 percent.
Monsanto managed to pay 22 percent — well below the supposed corporate rate of 35 percent. But that's nothing compared to DuPont, which received a $72 million rebate despite profits of $2.1 billion.
This sleight-of-hand even extends to retail. While Nordstrom paid 37 percent in taxes, Macy's rate is just 12.
You don't need a Wharton MBA to see how damaging this is to the nation's financial health. Big companies are given incentive to load up on lobbyists, accountants, and lawyers, rather than use that money to improve products and services. And while small businesses may collectively be our largest and stablest employer, we've rigged the game against them, since they can't afford to buy legislators of their own.
"The tax code is a mess," says Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.). "I support tax reform, but not reform that's simply a Trojan horse for giving another round of windfall tax breaks to the very wealthy."
And that's the problem. President Obama and Democrats have railed for years against this brand of favoritism, only to cave in at the first whiff of resistance.
Republicans are worse, prattling on about free markets while protecting just about any market-distorting loophole if the money's right. Mitt Romney, the poster child for off-shore tax schemes during his time at Bain Capital, claims he has a plan to close loopholes. He just refuses to say how he'll do it.
But if you're not being bought with weekend golf retreats at Augusta National, it's easy to find giveaways we all can agree they must end. Introducing the 10 most corrupt breaks, designed to do nothing but pervert America's economic strength:
10. I'm Irish. No, really.
Apple Inc. may have made Silicon Valley famous, but it prefers to let someone else pick up the check for Northern California's freeways, bridges and airports.
How? By pretending to be Irish.
In the late 1980s, Apple decided that Ireland's 12.5 percent corporate tax rate was a much comelier figure than America's 35. But Steve Jobs didn't want to move to Dublin. Fortunately, Congress allowed him to fake it.
Apple created an Irish subsidiary. Then, with a flourish of paperwork, it transferred its most valuable assets — its patents — to Ireland, forcing its U.S. headquarters to pay leasing fees for its own inventions.
Nothing had actually changed in the way the company operated. Apple simply had new paperwork saying it was partial to warm beer and fiddles, allowing it to dodge a substantial part of its U.S. tax bill.
But that wasn't the end of the scam. The Irish subsidiary is partially owned by another company, Baldwin Holdings, which doesn't even publicly list an office address or a phone number. But it does have paperwork saying it's headquartered in the Virgin Islands, where it can stockpile its income tax-free, outside the reach of the IRS.
Most people associate such exhaustive money-laundering with drug cartels. But it's now standard practice at firms like Eli Lilly, Google, Microsoft, Pfizer, and Facebook. The only difference is that when drug dealers do it, the government shows up with Kevlar and automatic weapons instead of a refund check.
Congress, meanwhile, is paid to look the other way, leaving the federal treasury defenseless against the machinations of our most prominent citizens.
"The original sin is that we treat a wholly-owned subsidiary in the Cayman Islands as if it was an arm's length separate entity," says Dr. Calvin Johnson, a tax expert at the University of Texas Law School. "A pocket transfer from the U.S. to the Cayman Islands is like a transfer from your left pocket to your right. Any system that treats a Cayman Island subsidiary as if it is a separate entity is just asking to be destroyed."
Actually, it already has been destroyed. Despite declaring $18 billion in profits in 2010, Apple paid just 17 percent in federal taxes. It socked away another $74 billion offshore and tax-free. Who covers the difference when Apple pretends to be Irish? That would be you.
9. How to lower your taxes by sitting on your ass.
Back in the 1970s, "hard work" wasn't just something candidates yammered about during campaigns. It was actually imbedded in the tax code. Capital gains — investment income created by things like stock dividends — were taxed at a higher rate than wage income for a very simple reason.
NASA and Google have discovered two new planets in a far-away solar system using cutting-edge artificial intelligence, or AI, technologies.
The newly discovered exoplanets, or planets outside of the earth's solar system, were found after researchers applied the same AI techniques that help computers recognize images like cats in photos to data gathered from the Kepler space telescope.
NASA launched Kepler in 2009 to discover new planets orbiting other stars, Jessie Dotson, a Kepler project scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center, said during a media briefing on Thursday. Prior to 2009, she said that NASA only knew of 326 exoplanets, but that Kepler has helped the agency discover 2,500 more.
In talking about the two new planets, NASA focused less on Kepler-80g and more on Kepler-90i because it was found to be the eighth planet orbiting the only star in its solar system. That's significant because it shows that this particular solar system somewhat mirrors our own in which eight planets orbit a sun, the researchers said.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
To discover exoplanets, astronomers must comb through data collected by Kepler and identify “signals” that could indicate possible planets. Although researchers currently have software that helps spot “strong signals” so that humans can then investigate, there are many “weak signals” that are not followed up on.
Through a partnership with Google (goog), NASA applied so-called neural networks to help parse through the Kepler data and spot possible exoplanets that humans may have overlooked.
The Kepler 90 Solar System
Neural networks are essentially software designed to loosely mimic how the human brain learns, explained Christopher Shallue, a Google senior AI software engineer. To train these neural networks to recognize images of cats in photos, for example, Shallue said Google fed neural networks enough cat photos so that the software eventually could discover cats in new photos on its own based on patterns it discovered.
Instead of feeding NASA's neural network cat photos, however, the researchers fed it “15,000 signals” taken from the Kepler data that scientists confirmed were from exoplanets. This so-called “training” period, which took two hours, helped the neural network discover unseen patterns that it then used to discover exoplanets when the researchers fed it new Kepler data.
The researchers used the neural network to parse Kepler image data taken from 670 stars, and the neural network then indicated that two “weak signals” were likely to be planets.
“Even though the signals were weak, the model was convinced,” said Shallue of the software's confidence in its accuracy. Using more traditional methods, NASA said it was able to verify that the neural network's picks were indeed exoplanets.
“The key contribution of machine learning here was that it was able to search much larger number of signals than humans would have been able to do within a reasonable amount of time,” Shallue said.
Despite the noteworthy use of artificial intelligence to speed up the planet discovery process, humans are still needed, the researchers explained. NASA astronomer Andrew Vanderburg said that citizen scientists that independently help NASA find planets excel at “finding things that are weird” in the data and that “neural networks struggle with.”
Some anomalies that the neural networks may have not recognized may, in fact, turn out to be planets.
Shallue said that Google plans to release the software used in this project to the public for free. Doing so could spark interest among machine learning practitioners to become citizen scientists, “or encourage citizen scientists to use machine learning in their efforts as well,” he said.
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Ron Paul will skip Huckabee Forum
Ron Paul press secretary Gary Howard says that the candidate will not attend this Saturday's Huckabee Forum, the third such forum hosted by Mike Huckabee on the Fox News Channel this campaign cycle.
"He has other campaign commitments," Howard told me. Those commitments will be in Washington State, which holds its caucuses that day (UPDATE: Howard confirms that Paul's campaign commitments that day are in Washington.)
As first reported in the New York Times last night, Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum, and Newt Gingrich have all agreed to attend the third Huckabee Forum, which will be broadcast from Ohio and will begin at 8 p.m. Saturday night, according to the Times's source.
By
I have watched with great surprise and consternation over the past few weeks as criticism – almost all of it unjust and unnecessary – has been heaped upon one of the greatest players in the history of the toughest position in sports.
If you follow me on Twitter, you finally saw it spill out last night in a series of tweets supporting the great Peyton Manning and castigating those of you with the foolish audacity to criticize him because he's had a rough three game stretch.
The catalyst for my Twitter rant was reading this article about the idiotic comments that Colts radio voice Bob Lamey made about Manning. The comments were made off-air, but were picked up by a hot microphone. Here is the jist, as summarized by Florio at Pro Football Talk:
Our friends at StampedeBlue.com explain the comments of Bob Lamey, who reportedly said that NFL defenses had “figured Manning out,” that he should be benched for Curtis Painter, and that the Colts should draft Manning's replacement in 2011.
When I saw this, my first instinct was to let out a giant guffaw and just move on. I mean, these comments are so ludicrous and so unbelievably insane that I was wondering for a minute if PFT had been taken over by writers for The Onion. Peyton Manning should be benched? For Curtis f'ing Painter? Seriously?
Here's the thing: comments like this would be a little bit easier to accept if it was just from a frustrated rogue fan who'd knocked back a few too many Keystone Lights while watching Peyton toss away the Colts to chances to win last Sunday. That I could deal with. As sports fans we all get caught up in the heat of the moment and sometimes say things we don't mean. But these comments by Lamey were not that. They were a premeditated manifestation of ideas he's clearly ruminated about for a while now, at least the last three weeks. Pondering is one thing, but actually considering them enough to speak them out loud in any public setting is another.
And, as I tweeted last night, sadly Lamey is not a rogue voice. He actually speaks for a lot of fair-weather, what-have-you-done-for-me-lately Colts fans, which is perhaps the most disgusting and pathetic aspect of this entire story.
Now that I've properly set the stage, allow me to dive into my main point.
Colt fans and anyone associated with the team should be bending over backward to support Peyton Manning right now. Even in the face of the worst stretch of his career, the praise for him from Colts nation should be so effusive that one might think he'd thrown 11 touchdowns in the last three games, rather than 11 interceptions.
Can you posit critiques of Peyton's performance? Absolutely. Can you discuss some of the reasons why he might be throwing more interceptions than usual? Absolutely. But the minute the conversation turns to “Peyton's lost it” or “put in Curtis Painter”, a reality check is necessary.
So here is your reality check.
The Colts played football in Indianapolis without Peyton Manning from 1984 through 1997. During those 14 seasons of football, the team accomplished the following:
Five winning seasons and three playoff appearances, never reaching the Super Bowl
Six seasons with five or fewer wins
One season scoring 350 or more points
You get the picture. The Colts were nothing on the field. And in a state consumed by basketball and amateur sports, the Colts were even less off the field. I grew up in Indiana and lived there during that entire time period. Moments of buzz about the Colts were few and far between. For all intents and purposes, no one really gave a flying flip about them.
Playoffs? Playoffs!? That was an appropriate question for the majority of the Colts' pre-Manning existence in Indy.
Then Peyton came.
Archie's oldest son has been in Indianpolis since 1998. Because so many people feel justified in criticizing Peyton right now, a refresher is obviously needed on what the team has accomplished with him at the helm:
Ten winning seasons and 10 playoff appearances, including a Super Bowl victory.
An amazing seven straight seasons with 12 or more wins, which ended this year, in a league set up for parity
Ten seasons scoring 350 or more points
He's been an All-Pro five times and won four MVP awards
A brand-new stadium was built because of the success had during Peyton's reign
I could keep going. He is also on pace to hold every significant statistical record for quarterbacks, for those of you who put stock in such things, though that is an infinitesimally small measure of Peyton's worth as a player.
So, really Bob Lamey? You're ready for the Peyton Manning era to end because he's had three tough games? If that is really how you feel, you are an indefensible imbecile. And any Colts fans who agree with Lamey should have their horseshoes ripped right off of them.
Peyton Manning is the Indianapolis Colts more than any other current athlete is their franchise (now that LeBron is out of Cleveland, and maybe even if he was still there). Remove Peyton Manning from the Colts and what do you have? Just another crappy, moribund, boring NFL franchise fighting to be 9-7 and sneak into the playoffs for a Wild Card loss every third year…if they're lucky.
The really unfortunate part is that at some point Peyton Manning will retire. Who knows how many more playoff appearances he'll give Colts fans, how many more MVP awards he'll win, and how much more general quarterbacking genius he'll bestow upon the people of Indy; but I do know that Bob Lamey and every single person who roots for or is associated with the Colts will miss the hell out of Manning when he's gone.
Don't believe me? Ask Dolphins fans what life has been like without Dan Marino, whose Dolphins tenure didn't come close to equaling Manning's in terms of wins and consistency. Ask Broncos fans, who have had to cheer for a floundering franchise ever since John Elway windmilled into the end zone and out of Mile High Stadium. Ask 49ers fans, who hit the jackpot by having Steve Young ready to take over for Joe Montana; but how have things been since Young retired?
Peyton Manning has thrown 11 picks in three games, four of which have been returned for TDs. The Colts actually are having to fight for a playoff spot this year instead of having it locked up by Week 14. So what? Are you really that spoiled now Colts fans?
I remember when LeBron said that he had spoiled the city of Cleveland with his play. I thought he sounded like an arrogant prick. He did. Peyton Manning would never say something like that, but if he did he would be perfectly justified in doing so. He has spoiled the Colts so much that a voice as powerful as their own radio announcer felt compelled to call for Curtis Painter. I don't think I've stopped shaking my head since I read that.
Okay, now let me take a quick break from ranting to offer some deserved praise for many of the Colts fans who follow me on Twitter. When I ranted last night, all of the responses I got were pro-Peyton and in support of my points. Many of these responses were from Colts fans, so I know there are sensible ones out there. I'm hoping that more of these sensible voices will speak up in support of their leader. In fact, once I'm done here, I will leave you the comment section to offer words of encouragement for Peyton Manning. A smart, informed, astute, and appreciative fan base would do that. Anyone who wants to disparage Peyton is welcome to comment as well, but my hope is that Colts fans take any such commenters to task and prove that they are not the spoiled brats that Bob Lamey's comments suggest.
Even if Peyton Manning goes out and throws five interceptions tonight and the Colts lose, he should get a standing ovation from the Lucas Oil crowd at their next home game. If Peyton never throws another TD pass and never wins the Colts another game, he's done enough to earn the unyielding support of every single person who associates themselves with this franchise that was so pathetic before Manning arrived.
Call me crazy, but I tend to look at being a fan of a team like being part of a family. You have to stick together, and a fan's job is most important not when things are going well but rather when they are going poorly. Being a fan is easy when your team is winning 12 games a season. The question is do you have the fortitude to be as good as a fan when the chips are down. That is when the team really needs you and when a fan base's true character is revealed. Believe me, as an IU basketball fan I have had my fortitude tested mightily over the past decade. With respect to the Colts, critiquing performance is one thing, but I'm seeing people start to doubt Peyton, forgetting about just how much he has done over a decade and just how devastated this team is by injuries this year. Peyton has not been himself by any means, but if anyone has earned the benefit of the doubt, especially from his home fans, it's Peyton Manning.
Colts fans, you and I have not always seen eye to eye. I'm on record as saying that I do not have a great amount of respect for you as a fan base. Bob Lamey's comments are the perfect microcosm for why, because I don't think he's alone in his thoughts. I've never, ever felt that the city of Indianapolis deserved a savant like Manning while good football cities like Cleveland and Kansas City have suffered with pathetic QBs year after year.
I've spoken my peace, now you speak yours. This is your chance to prove you actually deserve Manning by sticking up for him the one time during his career when his normally impeccable play cannot stick up for itself. I know Peyton Manning is up to the challenge of reversing the trend of the last three games. He's proven himself time and again. Colts fans, you have not. Prove me wrong. Oust Bob Lamey as a rogue voice among a Colts nation that vehemently supports its hero. Peyton Manning deserves it.
**********
(P.S. Memo to Jim Irsay and Bill Polian: get the man a real coach too for crying out loud. He definitely deserves that.)
Howdy! I had planned out a nice narrative arc for this month's blog post, but the rapidly evolving situation in North Dakota has encouraged me to throw some of those plans out the window. In this post I explain the string of legislation that has led to the showdown in North Dakota, and explore some of the implications for public archaeology.
*Edit: while I was writing this, the Department of the Interior, the Army Corps of Engineers, and the Department of Justice issued a joint statement effectively halting construction of DAPL within 20 miles of Lake Oahe. You can read it here. It very intriguingly insinuates that the government may revisit its process for tribal consultation.*
The Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL for short) is without a doubt the biggest issue in Public Archaeology right now. “But, why is this a *public* archaeology issue?” you may ask. “Doesn't most of the pipeline route run through private land?” Well, the answer lies not only in the complicated legal framework of the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) of 1966, but also in Section 10 of the Rivers and Harbors Appropriation Act of 1899.
These documents are laden with jargon and legalese, but I'll try to break them down. For the faint of heart, I've included a TL;DR (too long; didn't read!) section below, and you can just jump to that. For the brave, I'll start with the Rivers and Harbors act.
Step 1: the Rivers and Harbors Appropriation Act and the Pick-Sloan Plan
This act gave the Secretary of War the power to regulate basically any kind of construction or alteration that might affect the navigability of water-ways within the territory of the United States. This includes shorelines and coastal harbors, but also rivers that facilitated interstate and foreign commerce. Now, defining “navigability” could be tricky, but in the case of the Missouri River, with a history of steamboat traffic throughout the 19th century, I think there is little doubt. The 1972 amendments to the Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1948, more commonly known as “The Clean Water Act” gave further power over waterways to the Department of the Army regulatory program.
In addition, the Oahe Dam was authorized in 1944 as part of the “Pick-Sloan Plan” to control the waters of the Missouri River Basin, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers completed construction in 1962. An entire book could be written about the forced displacement of Native Americans from traditional farming locations along the Missouri River floodplain for this project, and indeed one has. Incidentally, the damming of the Missouri River in the 1945-1965 period also played a huge role in the development of public archaeology. The Bureau of American Ethnology's federally-funded “River Basin Survey Program” undertook a massive survey and excavation project in the area to be destroyed by flooding; this salvage archaeology project and others were precursors to “cultural resource management” as we are familiar with it today.
At any rate, Energy Transfer Crude Oil Company, LLC is required to get a permit from the Army Corps of Engineers because the DAPL will cross (or rather, go under) a navigable waterway of the United States, and because the Army Corps of Engineers controls and manages Lake Oahe and Oahe Dam.
Step 2: The National Historic Preservation Act
Okay, so the Army Corps of Engineers has jurisdiction over constructions that will affect navigable waterways of the United States. So why are cultural resources an issue? Does the energy company just do archaeology out of the goodness of their hearts?
No. Though I have once or twice witnessed an energy company pay for archaeology as a goodwill gesture, it is Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) that requires consideration of archaeology. The NHPA is a fairly remarkable act that would NEVER get through Congress in today's legislative climate; all the more reason to fight like hell to preserve its legal integrity (click here for the Society for American Archaeology's list of current legislative issues).
Section 106 of the NHPA states:
The head of any Federal agency having direct or indirect jurisdiction over a proposed Federal or federally assisted undertaking in any State and the head of any Federal department or independent agency having authority to license any undertaking shall, prior to the approval of the expenditure of any Federal funds on the undertaking or prior to the issuance of any license, as the case may be, take into account the effect of the undertaking on any district, site, building, structure, or object that is included in or eligible for inclusion in the National Register. The head of any such Federal agency shall afford the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation established under Title II of this Act a reasonable opportunity to comment with regard to such undertaking.
What the #%&* does that mean??!! Well, it means that before a Federal agency issues a permit, they have to “take into account” the effect of the project on “historic properties.” And it means that an entity known as “The Advisory Council on Historic Preservation” has a chance to comment on whether that agency has done its due diligence.
The phrase “taking into account” is, almost on its own, responsible for the entire cultural resources management industry. “Taking into account” means you have to know a little something about the place that you are about to put a pipeline through. Most typically this occurs through archaeological survey, excavation, and report writing, but Section 106 ALSO directs federal agencies to “consult” with Native tribes that may attach “religious and cultural significance” to the properties that will be affected. Archaeology is easy; consultation is hard. And this appears to be where the Army Corps of Engineers screwed up and why there are thousands of Native American (and other) “Water Protectors” camped out near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.
Step 3: Consultation and the Advisory Council's Stance on DAPL
The ACHP is made up of the heads of several federal agencies, but the key members are appointed by the president (this is why it's important to VOTE). The ACHP's May 19th, 2016 comments on the Army Corps of Engineers' “effects determination” has been circulating around the web lately, so I thought I should comment on them as they are playing an important role in the current protests. The comments are a relatively arcane document stemming from that passage in Section 106 I described above. You can read the full comments yourself HERE.
That's a lot of legalese. Let me break it down. The ACHP appears to be taking issue with two aspects of the Army Corps handling of the project. First, they are concerned with how Army Corps defined the “project area.”
“Undertaking and Area of Potential Effects”
DAPL is a really long pipeline. There are at least seven places where it crosses navigable waterways, and at least 209 where the Clean Water Act says the Army Corps should be involved. Apparently, the Army Corps is considering EACH ONE OF THESE as a separate “undertaking.” This means that when the Army Corps is “taking into account” the effect of the project, they do it separately over two hundred times, and each of those is a relatively small instance that has no bearing on any of the others. It's like eating a bag of Doritos, (minus the orange powder)–each time you reach into the bag, you only take out one or two chips. But since you're not looking inside the bag each time, before you know it you ate the whole damn thing and there's nothing left.
The Army Corps is making no consideration of what are known as cumulative effects. It's a lot easier to say “only one historic property will be affected” two hundred times, in separate reports, at separate times, than it is to say “hundreds of historic properties will be affected” once. This is a common tactic used to make the impact of a big project seem a lot smaller than it actually is. It's also dishonest and a big, fat, inefficient waste of tax-payer money….but I digress.
As a result, ACHP says that the Army Corps has incorrectly defined the “Area of Potential Effect” or APE. The APE describes the constellation of things that will potentially be messed up by the project. The ACHP is pointing out that the Army Corps has been considering the APE to only include the places where the DAPL crosses a waterway. However, Section 106 tells them that although their jurisdiction happens to fall on those 200+ water crossings they are supposed to consider the total impact of the entire pipeline project. Apparently, the Army Corps is coming to that realization fairly late in the process–and in piecemeal fashion–and this has contributed to some major problems in communication between different parties that will be affected by the DAPL.
“Tribal Consultation and Inadequate Identification Effort”
Second, the ACHP thinks the Army Corps did a poor job communicating with tribes and as a result failed to fully identity the important places that the pipeline could destroy. According to the ACHP, the Army Corps has obfuscated meaningful consultation with federally-recognized tribes by considering each water-crossing a separate undertaking. By incorrectly defining the APE, they failed to provide the tribes with information on all the areas that would be affected by construction. The ACHP also indicates that the Army Corps did a poor job coordinating their efforts with other federal agencies involved in the project, further complicating communication.
In addition, the Army Corps seem to have limited most of their consideration to archaeological sites identified through pedestrian survey. The ACHP took the Army Corps to task for considering archaeological sites to be important only for their information potential to science (the “Criterion D” mentioned in the ACHP comments); many Native American archaeological sites may also be important for their relationship to important personages in history (this can include so-called “mythic histories”) or for their relationship to broad themes in tribal history (such as migration narratives or origin stories).
As a consequence, tribes were unable to identify sites of “religious and cultural significance” within major sections of the DAPL route. The confluence of the Cannonball and Missouri Rivers is one of these places, and this is the reason why so many people have converged on this spot in protest.
TL;DR
The Army Corps of Engineers is required by federal law to consider the effect that the ENTIRE Dakota Access Pipeline will have on historic properties. That included talking to nearby Native American tribes that might know the location of cultural or religiously significant places that the pipeline would destroy. Apparently, the Army Corps didn't do this before they started issuing permits. Back in May 2016, the Advisory Council for Historic Preservation took them to task for not including enough of the pipeline in their plans, and for not communicating well with Native Americans. The Army Corps dug in their heels and continued to allow pipeline construction. Look where that got them!
Why is this important for Public Archaeology?
First off, I bet you didn't realize that every crossing of a navigable waterway is potentially a place where public archaeology might occur. Because of the federal regulatory system, public archaeology *could* be found practically anywhere. I, for one, see this as a good thing. Most other so-called “developed nations” have cultural heritage laws that protect archaeological sites and sacred places, whether they are on private property or not. Public archaeology can help bridge the gap between the “public” and “private” spheres that are defined so strongly in the U.S.
Second, major projects have major effects. Massive construction efforts like the DAPL significantly impact surrounding communities. In the U.S. west, these impacts fall disproportionately on indigenous communities. Furthermore, I think that it is only right that major federally-licencsed projects affecting water or contributing to the use of fossil fuels be the focus of significant public debate, as the use and abuse of these resources will define our collective futures. And when the federal government and developers attempt to mask the true impact by defining project areas in dishonest ways, they are abrogating their responsibility to listen to the concerns of affected constituents. Public archaeologists must remind them of that responsibility.
Third, contract archaeologists are often caught between developers and local communities. Out west, many of these communities are indigenous. Though contract archaeologists are NOT the appropriate people to initiation consultation with tribal groups (that's the lead federal agency's job), they will undoubtedly be pulled into the broader conversation. Occasionally they have to remind the government of its responsibility to adequately consult (I have heard through the grape-vine that this was the case with DAPL, but to no avail). Public archaeologists have to navigate these tricky shoals on a daily basis.
Finally, the showdown at Standing Rock highlights how public archaeology will increasingly include environmental justice. The issue is not just the affronts to cultural heritage posed by the pipeline, but the potential risks to (sacred) resources like water: the font of life itself. The distinction between culture and nature grows blurry. Is water a “cultural resource” as seems to be suggested by the tone of the Water Protectors? If so, what does this mean for archaeology?
Senator Bernie Sanders patted Senator Elizabeth Warren on the back during an event on health care last week.
ATLANTA — It took a few minutes to find an opening, but when it came, Sen. Elizabeth Warren did not squander her best chance to connect with a heavily black audience inside the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s Ebenezer Baptist Church in late August.
“I was a Sunday school teacher,” said Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts and a former Harvard law professor, drawing a burst of applause before reciting from memory the verse in the Book of Matthew about helping “the least of these.”
A week earlier, at a black church in Detroit, Bernie Sanders, Independent of Vermont, was handed his own opportunity to show a little-known side of himself to African-Americans: the pastor who introduced Sanders highlighted the senator's youthful activism in the civil rights movement. But when Sanders took the podium, he made no mention of his attendance at the March on Washington, his arrest during a demonstration in Chicago against segregation or much of anything at all from his biography that could endear him to the congregants at the Fellowship Chapel.
Advertisement
The liberal senators are often linked, spoken of in the same breath as if there is scarcely any difference between them. But as Warren and Sanders work to expand their constituencies ahead of possible runs in the Democratic presidential primary in 2020, the differences between them are becoming more marked. How their overlapping audiences sort themselves out could prove revealing about the party they seek to lead.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
It is not just the liberal white activists who crowd their public appearances, but minority voters who are pivotal in Democratic primaries.
“It's how well you do with African-American women, that's the key,” said Jaime Harrison, former chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party.
The Democratic center of gravity has plainly shifted leftward, as Sanders demonstrated last week when the senators eyeing presidential bids flocked to his news conference to support his “Medicare for all” legislation.
But between Sanders and Warren, there are important distinctions in political style, and whoever emerges as the dominant progressive candidate in 2020 will test how far Democrats have lurched in the two decades since Bill Clinton steered the party toward the center. The Democratic base's choice could reveal how willing liberal voters are to disrupt the country's political system the way Republicans did by nominating President Trump.
Advertisement
While hardly retreating from her jeremiads against Wall Street, Warren has taken steps toward a campaign that reflects a traditional and practical course. She joined the Senate Armed Services Committee to attain national security credentials. She is privately hosting monthly dinner seminars with policy experts to expand her command of the issues.
Susan Walsh/Associated Press Senator Elizabeth Warren (center) walked to a luncheon with Democrats on Capitol Hill in Washington last week.
And, as she demonstrated here with a reminder to King's old congregation that “there's Jesus in every one of us,” she is opening up about herself to satisfy the electorate's hunger for personal connection.
Maybe even more striking than invoking Scripture, Warren is spending some time with bankers: She attended a party fund-raiser in July at the summer residence of a former UBS executive, and she recently met privately in Washington with JPMorgan Chase's chief executive, Jamie Dimon.
Sanders is making a different bet: that in today's Democratic Party, no such nods toward pragmatism are necessary. He is still surrounded by the same coterie of advisers, is remaining a political independent and is as convinced as ever that people will respond to his well-honed pleas to confront the billionaire class, provide health care for all and offer tuition-free access to college.
Alex Wong/Getty Images Senator Bernie Sanders during an event on health care last week.
As he showed in Detroit, and to the frustration of some of his advisers, he shows no willingness to veer from his social justice catechism to talk to voters about his life's journey.
Advertisement
Perhaps most illuminating is the difference in how the two address a pair of intertwined issues: health care and President Obama.
Defending the Affordable Care Act, Obama's signature domestic legacy, is a staple of Warren's speeches, and she takes care to salute the former president. “That's a leader,” she said to applause in Atlanta, praising Obama for pushing through the health law.
While supportive of Sanders's proposal for universal health care, her embrace of a single-payer system is aspirational and not nearly as central as protecting what she sees as the recent gains made to health care coverage. She is also looking for other incremental ways to expand coverage or lower the cost of care.
For Sanders, it is just the opposite: He was outspoken against Republican attempts to repeal the health law, but he is far less animated by defensive fights than by leading the movement toward a single-payer system.
As for Obama, Sanders sees the man who many Democrats believe will go down as one of the country's greatest presidents as largely incidental to his vision. Speaking for just under an hour to thousands of supporters at his People's Summit in Chicago in summer 2016, Sanders made only a passing mention of Obama on the same weekend that Illinois' Republican governor was reportedly ready to sign a bill making the former president's birthday a commemorative holiday in the state.
Certainly, a Warren nomination would underline how ascendant liberalism has become in the party, but to put Sanders forward as their standard-bearer would suggest that Democrats want to make a far more profound break from conventional politics. The party would have edged toward his brand of democratic socialism.
“The Democratic Party is a vehicle for him, but, for better and worse, he doesn't embrace it or claim it,” said David Axelrod, the longtime Democratic strategist and former chief political adviser to Obama. “Elizabeth is much more supportive of the party even as she works to push it left.”
It is possible, of course, that the nominee will be neither Warren nor Sanders, and there will be no showdown. The three best-known would-be candidates in a potential presidential field (to include former Vice President Joe Biden) may all run or not run at all. Some admirers believe that Sanders and Warren are close enough to have a conversation about their intentions before they make a decision.
“Whether they figure it out is a different story,” said Larry Cohen, a former head of the Communications Workers of America and an adviser to Sanders. “But would they talk about it? Absolutely.”
Some liberals are already dreading a Sanders-versus-Warren race in which they could take votes from each other. “I think it would be hurtful for the left,” said Symone Sanders, who worked for Sanders in the 2016 primary.
The two adopted New Englanders trace their history back to when Warren, still a professor, addressed a Sanders town hall meeting in Vermont at Sanders' invitation. But the relationship grew strained when she declined to endorse him during last year's primary.
In public, they appear to have moved beyond any raw feelings. Warren has joined Sanders's podcast, and she made sure to group herself with him when she addressed Netroots Nation, a progressive conference, in August.
Advisers to Warren, eager to tamp down any hint of tensions, made a point of noting that the senator and her husband, as well as Sanders and his wife, found themselves with delayed flights at Washington's Reagan National Airport earlier this year and used the time to catch up at an American Airlines lounge.
But Sanders is sensitive to the topic of his relationship with Warren: When the journalist Franklin Foer tried to ask him about it earlier this year, “he peremptorily dismissed me from his office,” Foer wrote in The Atlantic.
Some of Sanders' advisers, proud of how successful they were last year and determined to get their due, are less restrained.
“People talk about Elizabeth Warren, and I love Elizabeth Warren, but she doesn't have a 50-state organization, and she doesn't have an email list in the millions,” said Mark Longabaugh, who worked on Sanders' primary.
Those in the party more sympathetic to Warren, however, believe that she has far more potential to expand her appeal.
“I think Senator Warren's views are more pragmatic; I think she is very different in a conversation than when she's on the stump,” said Robert Wolf, the former UBS executive who hosted Warren and other Senate Democrats for a fundraiser on Martha's Vineyard this summer. And then there is the biggest difference between them.
“One advantage she does have is the ability to broaden her base out because she can speak to women's economic issues and women's health in a way Sanders can't do as well,” said Anita Dunn, a veteran Democratic strategist, noting that Warren's silencing by Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the majority leader, in February had propelled her toward feminist icon status.
“I bought hand-quilted ‘She Persisted' pillows on my vacation,” Dunn said, explaining that a gift shop in upstate New York had them for sale.
Warren, clearly conscious of the symbolic power of her run-in with McConnell, has turned the phrase into her own slogan-in-waiting, and invariably finds a way to sprinkle it in her public remarks. It is the sort of personal political touch for which Sanders has shown no appetite.
“Bernie is a great American story, but have enough people heard it? Probably not,” conceded Jeff Weaver, who managed Sanders' presidential bid.
Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY Sports
Most of us learn at an early age that too much of a good thing is not a good thing.
When we are young, we wish we could have our birthday or Christmas every day instead of once a year. As we get older, we realize that one of the things that makes these events so special is that they only happen once a year.
When it comes to the NHL, the league hit on something big on New Year's Day in 2008 when the first Winter Classic was played. The NHL had not been known for its marketing genius, but sensed a void in the sports schedule to use to its advantage.
New Year's Day used to belong to college football, but as that sport kept adding bowl games and spreading them out in December and January, it abdicated its hold on Jan. 1 events.
The NHL stepped into the gap with the Winter Classic, a romantic hockey idea if ever there was one. By pitting two teams in an outdoor game at a baseball or football stadium, a huge throng could attend the game in a unique outdoor environment.
The first official Winter Classic pitted the Pittsburgh Penguins against the Buffalo Sabres at Ralph Wilson Stadium, the home of the Buffalo Bills.
With Sidney Crosby leading the way for the Penguins and the home fans roaring their support for the plucky Sabres, the game rolled into overtime and went to a shootout. Crosby scored the winning goal as falling snow covered the ice.
Not only did the fans in attendance love the spectacle, but the television numbers were boffo for a league that was used to nothing but depressing news on the viewership front.
The following year, the Chicago Blackhawks hosted the Detroit Red Wings at Wrigley Field, and the Boston Bruins hosted the third New Year's installment at Fenway Park against the Philadelphia Flyers.
New Year's Day belonged to the NHL.
While the Winter Classic has grown quite a bit, one of the losses of last year's lockout was the cancellation of the event that was scheduled at the University of Michigan's stadium between the Red Wings and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The NHL will apparently try to make up for it this year by not only playing that event, but adding five other outdoor games.
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman is giving the league a plethora of outdoor events because he thinks the fans will embrace them and make each one special.
Toronto vs. Detroit at the Big House is special, but when the NHL adds three more outdoor games in the last week of January and two more in the first week of March, you have to wonder what Bettman is thinking.
The games will quickly lose their special feeling. There's nothing wrong with any of the following games on an individual basis:
Jan. 25: Anaheim vs. Los Angeles at Dodger Stadium
Jan. 26: New Jersey vs. NY Rangers at Yankee Stadium
Jan. 29: NY Islanders vs. NY Rangers at Yankee Stadium
Mar. 1: Pittsburgh vs. Chicago at Soldier Field
Mar. 2: 2014 Heritage Classic: Ottawa vs. Vancouver at BC Place
But taken together, the spate of outdoor games are nothing but gluttony. Two games at Yankee Stadium in four nights sounds special in August, but what happens if there are rain or snow storms? The NHL will go on with the games, but just how much fun will the Bleacher Creatures have in the weather?
Even if the weather is snow-globe perfect, the two games will most likely have a sense of sameness to them.
Bettman told The Canadian Press that the NHL is doing more games because the fans want them.
"The reason we're doing more outdoor games is really what it's now doing locally," Bettman said. "This is an incomparable event and what happens is fans get connected to the game in ways they never imagined, we get new fans who, for the first time, will come and be a part of this."
Bettman is living in his own world. He may have convinced himself that the NHL and the sport of hockey will benefit from a smorgasbord of games, but what's going to happen is that a very special event will soon turn ordinary.
Most of us learn that less is more at a certain point in our lives. Bettman has not learned that lesson.
This special event is going to turn into a forced, ho-hum event very quickly.
ttman told The Canadian Press that the NHL is doing more games because the fans want them.
President Faust,
Just three days after the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released its dire plea for global action on climate change, you closed the door on the University's biggest chance to make a difference—divestment from fossil fuel companies. Certain segments of the Harvard community, which stand in overwhelming support of divestment, requested a public forum to discuss the future of the world's largest university endowment. You rejected our request for open dialogue while putting forth many misleading and incorrect statements about divestment.
The suggestion that divestment from fossil fuels would be ineffective is contradicted by both experience and logic. Divestment played a critical role in turning the tide against South Africa's apartheid regime and in spurring a regulatory response to the lies and political manipulation of the tobacco industry. A recent Oxford University study concluded: "In every case we reviewed, divestment campaigns were successful in lobbying for restrictive legislation." According to those researchers, the “stigmatization process, which the fossil fuel divestment campaign has now triggered, poses the most far-reaching threat to fossil fuel companies and the vast energy value chain."
Advertisement
As Harvard students, we understand that America's legal and democratic institutions have broken down. The fossil fuel industry, like the tobacco industry before it, has pursued a corrupt agenda of misinformation and political lobbying designed to prevent scientific consensus from informing public policy.
As a result, Congress has proven incapable of passing any meaningful climate legislation, instead offering billions in subsidies to destructive companies at taxpayer expense. Our generation cannot wait any longer to unwind the fossil fuel industry's stranglehold on Congress. We must use influential, rational, and functioning institutions like Harvard to revoke the social license of the most dangerous and intractable industry in the world.
You claim that it is inconsistent to divest from the companies whose fossil fuels we rely on. The real inconsistency is to vainly hope that Harvard's groundbreaking research will somehow solve climate change. Our research and education will not achieve the political change needed as long as the University invests in corporations that peddle climate denialism and actively prevent Harvard's contributions from impacting public policy.
It is profoundly hypocritical to pay lip service to Harvard's “strong institutional commitment to sustainability” while profiting from the destruction of our planet. If you are truly concerned about future generations of students, we recommend you value the future of their planet over the diversity of your corporation's portfolio.
You argue that divestment would be inappropriately political. The biggest misconception about the endowment is not that divestment would be financially destructive but that our continued investment in the fossil fuel industry is politically neutral. Investing in the wreckage of our planet is inherently political.
Last semester, Harvard Law Students voted two-to-one to support immediate divestment of the University's endowment from direct holdings in the top 200 fossil fuel companies and to divest from commingled funds within the next five years. Today, we renew our call for divestment and reiterate that neither we nor this issue are going away. With over 1300 Harvard students, 173 faculty, and 571 alumni signed on for divestment, this is not an issue that can be ignored or swept under the rug. We will continue to draw the world's attention to Harvard's destructive investment practices—because if it is wrong to wreck the planet, it is wrong to profit from climate destruction.
This is a battle over the purpose of Harvard University. The students, faculty, and alumni in favor of divestment believe Harvard should be more than a hedge fund. We believe that the Harvard motto, “Veritas,” is more than just a slogan. We are only doing what Harvard has taught and prepared us to do—standing up for what is right, even in the face of strong opposition. And we believe it will take the world's most renowned academic institution to reign in the world's most wealthy, powerful, and destructive corporations.
Jacob Lipton JD '14, Sam Caravello JD '15 and Ted Hamilton JD '16 are members of HLS Divest Harvard
How Does the Greenhouse Work?
The circuit has several elements:
A microcontroller to read sensors and make adjustments to the environment
Relays to enable/disable power to various devices
Power regulation
Software found on the microcontroller
The three main external devices that are used to make alterations to the environment are a fan, a water pump, and growing lights. These devices use large amounts of current (as compared to what the microcontroller is capable of sourcing) and so they are connected to relays which the microcontroller can interact with.
Several sensors are used to monitor the environment which include a moisture sensor (that detects the amount of water in the soil) and a DHT11 which measures the temperature and humidity.
The microcontroller is also connected to a DS1306 which is a real-time clock. This provides the day/night cycle so the growing plants can be given light at the proper time.
One other device could be connected to the controller, a heat pad, but considering that the climate in my country (England) is temperate, there is no need for one in my case.
LinkedIn cofounder and billionaire Reid Hoffman is willing to pay $5 million to see Donald Trump's tax returns.
On Monday, Hoffman published a post on Medium calling attention to a 26-year-old veteran's campaign on crowdfunding site CrowdPac to donate at least $25,000 to 10 veterans' groups if Trump releases his tax returns before the final presidential debate on October 19th. Hoffman wrote that if the crowdfunded campaign reaches its goal, he will match it with five times the amount, up to $5 million.
Bolstered by Hoffman's spotlight, the campaign has already surpassed its initial goal in the four hours since Hoffman published his post, raising $43,000 by 7 p.m. Eastern Time on Monday. The campaign had only raised $5,000 before Hoffman's post went live.
Marine Corps veteran Pete Kiernan started the campaign four days ago. After Hoffman's pledge, Kiernan raised the goal amount from $25,000 to $1 million, the maximum amount Hoffman will match with a 5x donation. "Trump claims to love veterans, and so we're asking him to put his money where his mouth is," Kiernan wrote on the campaign page.
Hoffman started his Medium post by recalling Trump's promise to donate $5 million to charity in 2012 if Obama released his college records and passport applications. "But taking Trump's own 2012 offer to President Obama into account, I'd like to assist Kiernan in his campaign," Hoffman wrote.
Hoffman criticized Trump for his lack of transparency and for repeatedly using his tax records as a bargaining chip. He noted that Trump's "complex and far-reaching" business interests make it even more crucial that he release the tax records "[b]ecause of how often Donald Trump's decisions as president could potentially impact his business interests."
Hoffman's post also highlighted LinkedIn's commitment to help veterans through LinkedIn for Good. The company has given 95,000 veterans access to LinkedIn's Jobseeker Premium and free training on Lynda.com, according to Hoffman.
Kiernan's campaign is the second CrowdPac campaign that Hoffman has publicly supported this month. On September 2, Hoffman announced his support of a CrowdPac campaign to recall Judge Aaron Persky, the judge in the highly publicized sexual assault case at Stanford University, on the day of Brock Turner's early release from prison. Three months ago, Persky sentenced Turner, who had been convicted of three counts of sexual felony assault, to just six months in prison.
"If we truly want to create a legal system that brings justice to all — a system that recognizes that physically assaulting an unconscious human being is not some form of sexual shoplifting, a petty misdemeanor where a 90-day sentence is adequate — then we must not quietly excuse Judge Persky," Hoffman wrote in a Medium post.
Scientists have witnessed how death spreads through a living creature like a wave, each cell dying one after another until the entire organism is deceased.
A British team captured the final moments a tiny, transparent ground worm's life by tracking a blue fluorescence molecule that travels through the organism's cells as it dies.
While scientists understand many of the processes that causes individual cells to die, far less is known about the chain of events that propagate death throughout an entire animal.
As the biological mechanisms of death in worms are similar to those in mammals, the researchers believe the worm could prove a useful model for understanding death in humans.
University College London ageing researcher David Gems and his team have identified the chemical pathway of self-destruction that moves through worms during their final demise.
After a couple of rounds of "Fast Times" at Whataburger for chicken sandwiches and limited-time-only shakes, I finally decided to head back for the titular sandwich. I have had several Houstonians recommend the Whataburger cheeseburger -- in comments here on EOW, and "IRL" -- and this week I decided it was time.
I'm always amused when I stop in at my neighborhood Whataburger, because there is usually a lot of fumbling by the person who takes my order. Sometimes they get it right, and sometimes they get it wrong, but there is always a period of a couple of minutes during the order-taking when mass confusion takes over; weird, since I tend to go well after the lunch rush. I think this time 'round my cashier was training, and I give her props for realizing almost immediately she had made a mistake when entering my order and went back to correct the ticket in person.
By the time I got the sandwich in my hands, my mouth was watering.
Lewis Hamilton says he has no problem with Nico Rosberg's positioning during the start to the Australian Grand Prix.
Rosberg was on the inside of Turn 1 behind Sebastian Vettel with team-mate Hamilton on the outside, and the two Mercedes had very slight contact as Hamilton was forced wide on to the kerb on the exit of the corner. The close battle saw the defending champion lose two further spots, though he recovered to finish second behind his team-mate in the race.
When it was put to him that he was unhappy with Rosberg at Turn 1, Hamilton replied: "Absolutely not, I never said that at all.
"I just said that I got ran wide at turn one. I couldn't really recollect what exactly went on, I assume he had someone up the inside and it was the case that Nico braked late whilst he was battling with Vettel.
"[Rosberg went] really deep, he locked up and I wasn't really anticipating coming over so far to the outside and I took evasive action to avoid him. It was nothing intentional from him and either of us.”
Hamilton had referenced Rosberg's start during the post-race press conference, during which Rosberg apologised. Both Mercedes' were beaten off the line by the two Ferraris and Hamilton says it is an area his team must investigate.
"I just got wheel spin. No particular real issues, Ferrari's are very, very strong. My initial phase was just the same as Nico's but the second part where you release the clutch fully I just had extra wheel spin and didn't recover from it so it wasn't a major issue.
"It's always an ongoing change, even when my starts have been amazing. It's always moving, targets are always shifting so it is something for sure… We were just talking now and it's one of our priorities. The Ferraris got an incredibly good start, so we're going to try and figure out how we can do better."
Australian Grand Prix - Driver ratings
REPORT: Rosberg beats Hamilton after huge Alonso crash
AS IT HAPPENED: 2016 Australian Grand Prix
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
Pro-life students at Strathclyde University found an unusual ally this week after their student government banned their pro-life club from campus.
Charlie Peters does not attend Strathclyde, a university in Scotland, or share the students' views on abortion, but the “pro-choice” student writer is publicly defending the pro-lifers' rights to express their views and form their club on campus.
In a column for Spiked, Peters blasted the Strathclyde student association's move to ban the club as a “shameful” act of censorship. He also said the move is bad for the pro-choice movement.
Peters, a student at Edinburgh University in Scotland, wrote:
This means students who support anti-abortion views cannot obtain university funding for events, and are restricted from attending campus debates. As a result of this, pro-choice students at the university will miss out on the chance to flex their moral muscles, and make the case for liberalised reproductive rights. They will graduate without encountering opposite views. This is yet another shameful example of censorship defeating liberal debate on UK campuses, and it's bad for the pro-choice movement. The ability to have out, and win, the debate to trust women to make their own choices is being lost on campus. The ban at Strathclyde mirrors a similar censorious move at Oxford, where a debate between spiked editor Brendan O'Neill and pro-life supporter Timothy Stanley was blocked in 2014. We don't win arguments by silencing the other side. In order to win the moral case for abortion, we must welcome the pro-life view.
The Strathclyde University Students' Association recently voted to ban the pro-life students from forming an official club, claiming the group would “harass” and “intimidat[e]” people, the Herald Scotland reported earlier this week.
Click here to sign up for pro-life news alerts from LifeNews.com
Peters said their reasoning is just “silly.”
“When I encounter a view I disagree with, no matter how shocking or offensive it might be, I rarely find myself intimidated by it, or afraid of those expressing it,” he wrote.
Not only that, Peters said the student association's move is insulting to those who support abortion.
“Student-union apparatchiks at Strathclyde patronise pro-choice students, and women, by telling them they're too fragile to hear the pro-life argument,” he wrote.
Peters' commentary is an encouraging sign. New pro-life student clubs are popping up at colleges and high schools across the world, but some are struggling even to be recognized. Abortion activists, especially in England and Scotland, are trying to censor pro-life student clubs.
In November, the British group Alliance of Pro-life Students reported it is working with students at three universities where pro-life efforts are under attack. The group said pro-life students are up against pro-abortion feminists who have been petitioning to either prevent pro-life clubs from forming or disband the ones that already exist.
In the United States, a pro-life high school student named Angelique Clark also had to sue her high school in Las Vegas, Nevada after it refused to approve her pro-life club. In November 2015, almost a year after she submitted her club application, she and her lawyers reached a settlement with the school that allowed her to begin the pro-life club.
The Arunachal Pradesh government is contemplating to provide free Wi-Fi hotspots at all important public places in the state capital from Chimpu in Itanagar to Kankar Nallah in Naharlagun.
Chief Minister Kalikho Pul hoped Internet connectivity would benefit the students most as there were a number of reference books, online help centres and experts' views available, which can make the learning process easy, an official release said here today.
It would also help local business and farmers who could use Internet to understand the market and predict weather trends in a better way. The measure would be in line with the Prime Minister's ambitious Digital India programme that aims at boosting Internet connectivity across the country.
The Department of Information Technology would implement the service in select public places. The bandwidth service for the Wi-FI hotspots would be provided by the state-owned BSNL or some other private service provider. A hotspot is a place that would offer Internet access over a Wireless Local Area Networks (WLAN) through an Internet service provider using Wi-Fi technology.
Public Wi-Fi hotspots would allow people to get free access to Internet on their smartphones, tablets, laptops and other mobile devices, the release said. With the setting up of Wi-Fi hotspots in the twin city, the benefits of having a free and public wireless zone would be intrinsic to all mode of operation and would bridge the digital divide and send a signal that the town was informed, forward-thinking and ready to welcome positive change, the release added.
Also read : Free public wi-fi service launched at 10 railway stations across India
Digital India is a campaign launched by the Government of India to ensure that Government services are made available to citizens electronically by improving online infrastructure and by increasing Internet connectivity or by making the country digitally empowered in the field of technology.
It was launched on 1 July 2015 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The initiative includes plans to connect rural areas with high-speed internet networks.
Three top Democratic National Committee (DNC) officials have stepped down in the wake of the email scandal that has already forced the ouster of DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
CEO Amy Dacey, communications director Luis Miranda, and chief financial officer (CFO) Brad Marshall all resigned on Tuesday after facing scrutiny for emails that critics say showed favoritism toward Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders during the presidential primaries. Marshall was particularly criticized for suggesting questioning Sanders' religion to sow dislike of him among the public.
Interim DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile apologized on Tuesday for what she called "insensitive and inappropriate emails."
Politico reports:
Dacey's departure now raises question of how the committee's day-to-day operations will run between now and the election. Several senior Democrats have expressed doubts about who might want to take on an assignment that is heavy on the potential downside and short on the potential upside, despite the many functions the DNC would be expected to perform over the final three months of the 2016 campaign. However, Hillary Clinton's campaign is deep into its takeover of the committee, having moved the entire research department to its Brooklyn headquarters last month and consolidating all rapid response responsibilities in New York as well.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
According to Politico, staffers on Capitol Hill are expecting even more firings or resignations as the fallout from the hack continues.
WikiLeaks this month released more than 20,000 emails from DNC staff that showed the committee undermining Sanders' campaign and strategizing media spin to ward off questions about Clinton's controversial fundraising tactics.
In one particularly contentious email, Marshall seemed to suggest casting doubts about Sanders' faith and painting him as an atheist to hurt his chances in rural states. "It might [make] no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief," the email read. "Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. ... My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist."
Marshall told The Intercept in July that he did not recall that email and said, "it would not have been Sanders. It would probably be about a surrogate."
In another instance, Miranda emailed Wasserman Schultz with a proposed statement in response to Sanders' endorsement of her rival Tim Canova, writing, "Debbie ...please approve...team thinks this is the right approach...'High Road.'"
Democrats are asking, “How could this have happened?”
But to millions of Americans who feel that the system isn't working for them, who haven't been part of the nation's economic recovery, who think Washington doesn't listen to them, it was something that needed to happen. Their choice was clear: Donald Trump was the imperfect vessel for their frustration.
“The message to the elites (of both parties) is, ‘You're out of touch,'” said Mo Fiorina, a professor of political science at Stanford University and author of “Disconnect: The Breakdown of Representation in American Politics.”
“If you're leaning toward giving the middle finger to the elites, then a vote for Trump makes sense,” he said.
The people who voted for Trump didn't care that he offered slogans instead of plans. They didn't care that independent fact-checkers like Politifact found most of the things he said were factually wrong. They shrugged at Trump outsourcing his signature ties and clothing to overseas workers, just like the factory owners who closed the plants where they used to work.
They cared more that Trump ridiculed bad trade deals supported by both Republicans and Democrats, because he said they were killing the kind of jobs Americans had — or used to have.
And in the process, the gut-level frustration felt by Trump's working-class, white supporters and others sick of Washington gridlock went under the radar of nearly every pollster and pundit with a Twitter handle or a regular gig at MSNBC. Early exit polls showed Trump winning 2 of every 3 voters without college degrees.
They were so motivated that they ignored his boast that he planned to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. They didn't think he'd be able to do it, but they liked that he said it.
“Both parties, Republicans and Democrats, have been neglecting noneducated white voters,” said Carson Bruno, assistant dean at the Pepperdine University School of Public Policy.
Nowhere was the Clinton campaign's tone deafness more apparent than across the Rust Belt states like Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin, each of which President Obama won twice.
In Michigan, early exit polls showed college-educated voters supported Hillary Clinton by 50 percent to 44 percent, while those with less than a college degree backed Trump 48 percent to 45 percent.
Clinton consistently underperformed Obama in key areas, like Ashtabula County in northeastern Ohio, which used to be full of union Democrats. Obama won the county twice, with 55 percent of the vote. But the recovery that lifted other parts of the country didn't materialize there. Trump was ahead in a county where 19 percent of people live below the poverty line, only 9 percent of the residents have a college degree, and 90 percent of the residents are white.
And in Wisconsin, though early exit polls showed that 63 percent of voters viewed him unfavorably, 21 percent of the people who didn't like him voted for him nonetheless.
“Even when (voters feel) their candidate is flawed, they often don't have a better alternative that will align with them ideologically,” said Kelly Dittmar, a professor of political science at Rutgers University and a scholar at its Center for American Women and Politics.
Obama may have touted Clinton — a former senator and secretary of state — as being the best qualified candidate ever for the job, but that was a detriment at a time when people are so mistrustful of the establishment.
“A lot of this is about Clinton, too,” Bruno said.
“If the Democrats had nominated someone like Joe Biden or even a Tim Kaine, we might not be talking about this,” he said. “Because the Clintons have this aura of being untrustworthy — even if they may not necessarily be — people who don't trust Washington or politicians are less likely to trust someone like them.”
Much of Trump's support was also rooted in a “visceral hatred of (Clinton) that I believe a lot of that is based on her gender,” said Barbara Ann Perry, director of presidential studies and co-chair of the Presidential Oral History Program at the University of Virginia.
“We have heard that these two candidates are equally bad,” Perry said. “But as a political scientist I can't agree with that.”
So when Trump called out the system as rigged — as in rigged in favor of wealthy and powerful interests and Washington insiders — many voters felt that the Clintons embodied that. It didn't matter that Trump was one of the powerful, born into the comforts of wealth. To Trump's supporters, it was more important that he wasn't afraid to be politically incorrect — or what others would call offensive and racist.
Four years ago, after being trounced by Latino and African American voters, the Republican National Committee commissioned a deep-dive study that colloquially became known as its autopsy; its official name was the Growth and Opportunity Project. It urged Republicans to reach out to Latinos, women and younger voters — the future face of America —in order to survive.
Trump's campaign ignored the autopsy — and shunned the GOP elites who shunned him. His rhetoric focused on winning the noncollege white vote.
His backers overlooked the vile comments he made on the “Access Hollywood” tape about using his celebrating to force himself on women. He knew that many of his supporters didn't care if he called Mexicans “rapists” and publicly made fun of a disabled New York Times reporter.
They didn't care that he called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. They liked that he talked like real people talked and not in Washington code.
“Trump was brutally blunt, and said a lot of factually wrong things,” Bruno said. “But people were convinced that he was being so blunt that he was being honest.”
To others, Trump's bluntness encouraged a racist undercurrent that started to surface after Obama was elected. CNN commentator and longtime Bay Area activist Van Jones described Tuesday's results as “Welcome to the #Whitelash.”
Vanessa Tyson, a professor of political science at Scripps College in Claremont (Los Angeles County), said Trump's approach simultaneously stoked anger toward minorities while telling white voters that they were “losing their dominance.”
“In so doing, with slogans like ‘Make America Great Again' he has convinced many Americans that they have reason to be afraid, and that he can better address their fears,” said Tyson, author of “Twists of Fate: Multiracial Coalitions and Minority Representation in the U.S. House.” That's true “whether or not those fears are actually valid.”
But on Tuesday, many people felt those fears were valid enough to vote for Trump. The real surprise of Trump's performance on election night was that it was a surprise to so many.
Joe Garofoli is The San Francisco Chronicle's senior political reporter. Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
Allo also features the Google Assistant, bringing the richness of Google directly into your chats—helping you find information, get things done, and have fun. You can chat one-on-one with the assistant, or call on Google in a group chat with friends. Either way, you no longer have to jump between apps to do things like book a dinner reservation with friends, gets up-to-date sports scores, settle a bet, or play a game. The assistant in Allo lets you bring things like Search, Maps, YouTube and Translate to all your conversations, so that you and your friends can use Google together.
The Google Assistant in Allo understands your world, so you can ask for things like your agenda for the day, details of your flight and hotel, or photos from your last trip. And since it understands natural language patterns, you can just chat like yourself and it'll understand what you're saying. For example, "Is my flight delayed?" will return information about your flight status.
"We are not considering shorter-term deals at this time. The goal has been and will continue to be a long-term contract for Justin Upton," agent Larry Reynolds said.
Contradicting reports earlier in the day, the agent for Justin Upton said Friday afternoon that the free-agent outfielder continues to seek a multiyear contract .
Contradicting reports earlier in the day, the agent for Justin Upton said Friday afternoon that the free-agent outfielder continues to seek a multiyear contract.
"We are not considering shorter-term deals at this time. The goal has been and will continue to be a long-term contract for Justin Upton," agent Larry Reynolds said.
• Hot Stove Tracker
Upton, a 28-year-old three-time National League All-Star, remains one of the premium outfielders on the free-agent market, along with Yoenis Cespedes and Dexter Fowler.
Citing anonymous MLB club executives, Yahoo Sports had relayed the perception that Upton had lowered his sights to a one-year deal, in order to re-enter the market following the 2016 season, which is projected to be weaker than this offseason's crop.
Upton put up strong numbers in 2015 in his first season with the Padres, and 15 of his 26 homers came at pitcher-friendly Petco Park. Since making his MLB debut as a 19-year-old in 2007 with Arizona, Upton has hit 190 homers, stolen 115 bases and recorded an OPS of .825.
The Orioles, still on hold with their former first baseman, free agent Chris Davis, have been reported as one of the teams most interested in Upton.
Upton's desire for a long-term deal was far from the only news to strike the Hot Stove on Friday. Here's a look at the latest developments from around the big leagues:
Video: Padres have need at shortstop, interest in Desmond
Padres progressing in search for shortstop
The Padres are reportedly nearing a solution at shortstop, a source told MLB.com's Corey Brock. It's been a position in need of stability for years, as San Diego has used 18 shortstops since 2009.
The Padres have repeatedly been linked to free-agent shortstops Ian Desmond and Alexei Ramirez this winter, and the club has engaged in discussions with the agents for both players.
Desmond, 30, would be the more costly option and is likely to request a longer deal. Desmond would also cost the Padres their second-round Draft pick because he rejected a qualifying offer from the Nationals. San Diego's No. 8 overall selection is safe, however, as the top 10 picks are protected.
Desmond has been among the most productive shortstops in the Majors since debuting for the Nationals in 2009, but he endured a down season in 2015, batting a career-low .233 with 19 homers and 62 RBIs in 156 games.
Ramirez, meanwhile, hit .249 with 10 homers and 17 stolen bases with the White Sox last year. The 34-year-old is a career .273 hitter. Chicago declined his $10 million club option in November.
On a short-term deal, Ramirez could potentially serve as a bridge at shortstop to Padres prospects Jose Rondon and Javier Guerra, both of whom are possibly two years away from the big leagues.
Video: Gonzalez discusses Angels' open spot in left field
Angels staying out of outfield market
Despite their need in left field, the Angels are reportedly steering clear of the top free-agent outfielders, including Upton, Cespedes, Fowler and Gerardo Parra, according to Jeff Fletcher of the Orange County Register.
The Angels are roughly $5 million shy of the $189 million luxury-tax threshold, which owner Arte Moreno has expressed a desire to stay below. That lack of financial flexibility would seemingly have Los Angeles turning to the trade market for an additional left fielder beyond the current platoon of Daniel Nava and Craig Gentry.
Fletcher listed Colorado's Charlie Blackmon as one lower-cost alternative who is potentially available via trade. MLBTradeRumors.com projects that Blackmon will earn $4.5 million via arbitration in 2016.
The Angels have a surplus of starting pitching they could offer, including veteran lefty C.J. Wilson, who has been the subject of trade speculation. Another alternative would be signing a free agent who would make less than $5 million in 2016.
Video: CLE@CIN: McAllister fans Bourgeois to notch the save
Santiago, McAllister avoid arbitration
A pair of pitchers -- Angels left-hander Hector Santiago and Indians righty Zach McAllister -- avoided arbitration Friday by signing one-year deals with their respective teams.
Santiago's contract with Los Angeles is valued at $5 million for 2016. The 28-year-old went 9-9 with a 3.59 ERA through 33 games (32 starts) for the Angels last year, earning his first All-Star nod. Since joining the club in a three-team trade prior to the 2014 season, Santiago has posted a 3.65 ERA in 308 innings.
McAllister, 28, is slated to earn $1.3 million. He was a solid performer out of the bullpen for the Tribe last season, compiling a 2.49 ERA through 60 relief appearances. He'll likely serve as a late-inning option for Cleveland again in 2016.
McAllister's signing leaves the Indians with five remaining arbitration-eligible players: closer Cody Allen, outfielder Lonnie Chisenhall, reliever Jeff Manship, setup man Bryan Shaw and starter Josh Tomlin. With Santiago's case settled, the Angels still have starter Garrett Richards, right fielder Kole Calhoun and reliever Fernando Salas up for arbitration.
Tuesday is the deadline for eligible players to file for arbitration. Then, teams and players will exchange salary figures on Friday. If needed, hearings will be held in February, but teams can continue to negotiate toward a deal leading up to a player's scheduled hearing.
Tom Singer and Chad Thornburg are reporters for MLB.com.
Not that there haven't been clues. The City Council agenda last Monday night had a supplemental item whose title, as spoken during the meeting, included a reference to the firm. City Manager Tom Bonfield pulled the item, referring it two weeks out to avoid readvertising the item. According to an inquiry made by BCR to Durham officials last week, no printed version of the agenda item existed for dissemination.
In an interview with company executive chairman and co-founder Henry Kaestner this morning, however, the Durham resident announced that a deal to bring the firm and its employees to the Bull City.
Bandwidth.com, founded in 1999, employs 175 employees at the company's Weston Parkway offices, according to their web site.
In the last few weeks, downtown circles have buzzed with rumors that Cary-based Bandwidth.com -- a provider of telecom and Internet services to small/medium businesses -- was on the verge of moving to downtown Durham.
BCR Exclusive: Here's one to unfortunately file under ones-that-got-away -- for now, at least.
Meanwhile, the County Commission entered closed session on Monday night to discuss "matters relating to the location or expansion of business or industry" -- no word if that is concerning Bandwidth.com or another subject.
This one wasn't to be, however. Bandwidth.com's Kaestner confirmed today his company had been in negotiations with another entity over a space in Durham, though he declined to name the firm in question.
Speculation in local real estate circles -- unconfirmed by Kaestner -- had focused on American Tobacco's Hill Building, the home of soon-to-depart Motricity. Unlike most of the ATC, the Hill Bldg. is owned by Struever Bros. Eccles & Rouse, to whom Capitol Broadcasting transferred control along with most of the north half of the campus before Phase II began.
SBER Durham head Ken Reiter did not respond to a request for comment placed earlier this week.
Kaestner noted that both the city and county had been very supportive in their efforts to bring the company from its Cary office space to Durham, but that the negotiations with their counterpart in the discussions had fallen through.
The co-founder noted that his firm is under no pressure to move anytime in the next two and a half years, but that it would continue to explore options throughout the Triangle.
Both Kaestner and fellow co-founder David Morken are both active in Durham charitable work, according to their biographies on the Bandwidth.com web site, with Kaestner engaged with a charity in what he described as start-up mode; Kaestneris also engaged in working with several local non-profits, including serving on a number of boards of directors.
Kaestner stressed, however, that the firm was not in any way limited to looking at the Bull City; instead, he noted, the company would keep the interests of its 175 employees in mind and would continue to explore space options in Durham, Raleigh, Cary and other parts of the Triangle as needed.
Come June 6, the Meebo Bar publishing tool will get retired by Google, which says it plans to focus on projects like Google+ Sign-In and plug-ins.
Meebo Bar is a JavaScript plug-in that sits at the bottom of Web pages and enables a lot of different social interaction and sharing features. Meebo also has mobile versions of its products. Google announced the news in a post today:
As part of the Google team, this continues to be our focus, but we want to best serve mobile and desktop publishers moving forward. Therefore, we have decided to focus our resources on initiatives like the recently launched Google+ Sign-In (which includes interactive posts and over-the-air app installs) and the Google+ plug-ins.
The company is recommending that developers remove the inactive Meebo code from their site as the Meebo Bar will stop loading on that date.
Google bought Meebo in 2012 for approximately $100 million.
A charity boat operating in the Mediterranean allegedly colluded with people smugglers to accept multiple 'deliveries' of migrants, investigators have revealed.
Photographs captured by undercover officers show the criminals 'escorting' vessels packed with asylum seekers before being transferred to aid boats bound for Italy.
The images emerged after Italian authorities carried out their first seizure of a rescue boat on suspicion of aiding illegal immigration.
One photograph appears to show a smuggler waving off a boatload of migrants after travelling alongside them to within the reach of rescuers.
Photographs captured by undercover officers show the criminals 'escorting' vessels packed with asylum seekers before being transferred to aid boats bound for Italy
German charity Jugend Rettet is also accused of towing boats used to ferry migrants back towards Libya, where most migrants hoping to reach Europe depart, to be reused by smugglers.
The revelations emerged after investigators took the unprecedented move of impounding the aid organisation's vessel, Iuventa, at Lampedusa on Wednesday.
Details about the alleged collusion were contained in documents outlining the case prepared by prosecutors in Sicily following months of accusations about charities co-operating with smugglers.
Ambrogio Cartosio, the chief prosecutor from the Sicilian city of Trapani who is behind the investigation, said that no arrests had been made and that inquiries are continuing.
'We have evidence of encounters between traffickers, who escorted illegal immigrants to the Iuventa, and members of the boat's crew,' he said but added that there was no evidence that charity members received any money from the traffickers.
He said that their motivation was 'humanitarian'.
The investigation, launched in October 2016, centres on three specific incidents involving the 100ft vessel, but investigators are analysing other aspects of the charity's operations.
The revelations emerged after investigators took the unprecedented move of impounding German charity Jugend Rettet's vessel, Iuventa (pictured), at Lampedusa on Wednesday
The images emerged after Italian authorities carried out their first seizure of a rescue boat on suspicion of aiding illegal immigration
Prosecutors are said to have gathered evidence from an undercover police officer working on another boat, along with evidence from workers on Save the Children's Vos Hestia vessel.
The charity, which means 'youth rescues', refused to comment on the precise allegations but said in a statement that the 'rescue of human life is and will be our top priority'.
Details of the investigation emerged amid a row between the Italian government and the eight charities operating in the Mediterranean over a controversial code of conduct issued by Rome.
Senior Italian officials yesterday insisting that charities who do not sign up will be blocked from undertaking rescue missions unless the code is adhered to.
It is unclear how the threats to the charities would be enforced. Experts say a blockade could contradict international law which says vessels have a obligation to help those who are in distress.
Charities are responsible for between 35 and 40 per cent of rescues in the area.
Dynasty star Catherine Oxenberg sat down with DailyMailTV on Friday and spoke about her 26-year-old daughter India, who she says has been 'brainwashed' by an 'insane' cult.
Last year, India moved to Albany New York, where the self-help group NXIVM is based.
In previously interviews, Oxenberg detailed how she and her daughter got into the group, after the mother and daughter took one of their 'Executive Success' classes in 2011.
Scroll down for video
Catherine Oxenberg spoke to DailyMailTV on Friday about her 26-year-old daughter India, who she says has been 'brainwashed' by a cult
India Oxenberg (left) moved to Albany, New York last year to be closer to the headquarters of NXIVM, a self-help group that ex-members say is really a cult. Catherine pictured on the right
NXIVM, led by 57-year-old Keith Raniere brands itself as a program to help people achieve their full potential, but a New York Times report last week painted a picture of an organization more in line with a cult.
While Oxenberg found the group 'weird and creepy,' according to People, but her liked it and got more involved.
Today, Oxenberg describes NXIVM as a cross between Scientology and Warren Jeffs' polygamist Mormon sect.
Oxenberg tried not to interfere with her adult daughter's life at first, but changed her mind after speaking with an ex-member this past spring.
NXIVM is led by 57-year-old Keith Raniere (pictured). Oxenberg says that Raniere sleeps with the women in his cult and keeps them on a strict 500 to 800-calorie-a-day diet
'A woman who had defected from the organization called me up out of the blue and she said there's this secret organization within the organization' that India had joined called DOS, Oxenberg told DailyMailTV.
'I think it stands for Dominant Over Slave. It's a master-slave kind of hierarchy. The master has five or six slaves and they have to recruit those six slaves. If they don't they're punished.
Oxenberg grew concerned for her daughter (pictured) when she returned home in May and had lost a dramatic amount of weight
'And they have to give damaging collateral, about themselves or their families. The purpose of this collateral is to have some form of leverage that would supposedly be revealed if they broke their word,' Oxenberg explained.
The ex-member also told Oxenberg that women in the group are only allowed to eat 500-800 calories a day.
'I can only imagine that maybe because [Raniere] likes a certain physique,' Oxenberg said. 'Apparently he was having sex with all of them.'
What shocked Oxenberg the most was a horrifying initiation ritual in which women are branded with Raniere's initials.
'They're blindfolded, they're brought naked, they're made to lie on a table and made to endure this cauterizing without anesthesia for up to half an hour, screaming. Some of them screamed stop and they still continued.
'I can't see the difference between what they went through and sort of terrorist environment,' she said.
Concerned for her daughter, Oxenberg invited her home to California in May for her birthday.
But she couldn't control her emotions when she saw how thin her daughter had become.
'I said, "You know you're brainwashed." And she said, "No, I'm not brainwashed." So she went back on a plane that night,' Oxenberg said.
Sarah Edmondson, who left the cult, says women were branded with a symbol that has Raniere's initials in it
Since then her daughter has cut off all contact.
After the New York Times report on NXIVM was published last week, India took to Facebook to assure her friends and family that she was alright.
'I'm absolutely fine, great actually. I would never put myself or the people I love into any danger,' she wrote.
NXIVM also posted a statement on their website denying the existence of any such sub-group, saying they 'firmly oppose and condemn violence'.
But Oxenberg doesn't buy it.
She describes her daughter as 'one of the kindest' humans, and therefore perhaps more easily manipulated.
After her mother spoke out against the group, India took to Facebook and said she was fine
India (center) is the eldest of Oxenberg's three daughters. She has never publicized who India's father is, but her two younger daughters have been with her second husband, Casper Van Diem, who she married in 1999.
'I feel like she's easy prey. I think she's in danger, I really do,' Oxenberg said.
Oxenberg says she's speaking out to help bring the group to an end.
'What could be next? Are we talking about a potential Doomsday scenario here? I mean, where does it end?' she asks. 'I believe that Keith Raniere is a dangerous psychopath and I believe that this organization needs to be stopped.'
India is the eldest of Oxenberg's three daughters. She has never publicized who India's father is, but her two younger daughters have been with her second husband, Casper Van Diem, who she married in 1999.
Oxenberg is also royalty - a daughter of Princess Elizabeth of Yugoslavia.
At least 32 people were shot over the weekend, including a man killed along the Chicago River on the Northwest Side and a 13-year-old boy wounded while riding his bike in Little Village on the West Side, according to police.
Between Friday afternoon and early Monday, at least four people were killed and 28 others wounded, police said.
The man killed along the Chicago River was found around 12:15 a.m. Sunday on a sidewalk in the 5000 block of North Bernard Street in the North Park neighborhood, police said.
In another Northwest Side area, the boy was shot in the arm about 2:40 p.m. Saturday in the 2500 block of South St. Louis Avenue when a gunman got out of a light-colored vehicle and fired, police said. He was taken by ambulance to Stroger Hospital, where he was listed in good condition, police said.
The weekend violence brings to at least 2,877 the number of people shot in Chicago this year, down about 400 from this time last year. There have been at least 527 homicides, about 50 fewer than this time last year, when gun violence hit levels not seen in two decades, according to data kept by the Tribune.
Shootings and homicides remain much higher than other recent years, according to the data.
Over the weekend, the Chicago Police Department announced it is increasing its crime-fighting technology, including expanding its gunshot detection software into six more patrol districts.
Image caption Rear Admiral Na Tchuto is accused of masterminding the attempted coup
Guinea-Bissau's navy chief has been arrested after an attempted coup on Monday, the West African nation's army chief and defence minister have said.
The army said there were more clashes overnight in the hunt for suspects, the AFP news agency reports.
President Malam Bacai Sanha is in France, where he has been receiving medical treatment since early December.
Last year, navy chief Rear Adm Jose Americo Bubo Na Tchuto was named by the US as a "drug kingpin".
In recent years the tiny West African nation has become a major transit hub for cocaine smuggled from Latin America to Europe and suffered much political unrest as a result.
Embassy refuge
The unrest began in the early hours of Monday morning in the capital, Bissau.
Correspondents say it was initially unclear what was behind the trouble, which saw Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Junior briefly take refuge at the Angolan embassy in the city.
Some reports suggested it was soldiers attacking the army headquarters, demanding more pay.
Bissau-based journalist Alberto Dabo told the BBC's Network Africa programme that there was also speculation that it was two factions of the armed forces fighting for control of the drug-smuggling trade.
But at joint press conference on Monday evening, army chief of staff Gen Antonio Injai and Defence Minister Bacrio Dja said it was an attempt by a group of soldiers to overthrow the government.
They said that 30 people had been arrested including Rear Adm Na Tchuto - who denies US accusations that he has played a key role in international drug trafficking.
A source within the military said that many soldiers had been injured in Monday's fighting, including two generals and a lieutenant, Mr Dabo said.
An army captain told AFP on condition of anonymity that he had lost a soldier in more skirmishes overnight as his men attempted to make further arrests, including those of politicians.
"They took advantage of the exchange of fire to vanish. We are actively looking for them," he said.
Vladimir Monteiro, the UN spokesman in Guinea-Bissau, said the coup attempt did not come as a surprise.
"Within the army, there's a need to professionalise the institution," he told the BBC.
Mr Dabo said that residents of the capital were not happy about the latest unrest.
"People here are angry because of the behaviour of the military, who have been involved in bloody events since the 1980s. Citizens who have been interviewed say they want peace and stability in this country," he told the BBC.
The country has endured repeated military coups, assassinations and political unrest since it became independent from Portugal in 1974.
A wildly popular garlic-centered annual agricultural festival in Orange plans to up the ante on its already sustainable practices by recycling attendees' urine.
The North Quabbin Garlic & Arts Festival website says special, urine-only portable toilets at this year's event will filter nutrients into the soil. The festival's founder, Deborah Habib, told the Telegram & Gazette she's never heard of a festival doing such a thing.
An environmental nonprofit and septic company plan to join forces to collect "approximately 1,200 gallons of urine at the festival, sanitize it with a mobile pasteurizing unit and apply the urine to the grassy, festival fields afterwards," according to the festival's website.
The organization heading up the effort is Brattleboro, Vt., nonprofit Rich Earth Institute. The institute's website contains a plethora of details about how urine can actually be a serviceable fertilizer.
According to the website, "Our 'liquid gold' is an abundant source of sustainable fertilizer, but we currently flush it into sewers where it causes nutrient pollution that is costing municipalities billions to remediate."
People with the institute plan to attend the event to stand by the special porto-potties to inform attendees of their purpose.
Urine contains nitrogen and phosphorus, among other things.
The event is held in a hayfield at Forster's Farm, 60 Chestnut Hill Rd. in Orange. All the recycled urine will be used to fertilize the field. This year marks the 19th anniversary of the event.
ANKARA — High-speed train services will be launched in the second half of May between the capital city of Ankara and Istanbul, Turkey's the most crowded city of Turkey, transport minister said.
Turkish minister for transport, maritime affairs and communications, Lutfi Elvan, stated that he wants to relay the good news on the high-speed train service in Turkey, during a new conference after his meeting with Sudanese National Economy and Finance Minister Badr Eldin Mahmoud Abbas.
"Hopefully, the high-speed train service will start in the second half of May between Ankara and Istanbul. We will both inaugurate the service and begin train services."
It is expected that the travel time from Ankara to Istanbul will be shortened to 3.5 hours via the high-speed train.
There are currently three high-speed rail lines between Ankara, Konya and Eskisehir cities.
Turkey increased its investments in transportation as part of its "2023 Vision" program, which aims to celebrate the country's 100th anniversary of the establishment of the modern republic by developing major projects, such as building 11 thousand kilometers of new railway and expanding high-speed train networks.
Turkish State Railways had announced on January that it will invest almost half of its 2014 budget (1.8 billion lira) in high-speed train projects.
Those are the winning countries of the First Semi-Final:
Montenegro Hungary Russia Armenia Azerbaijan San Marino Ukraine Sweden The Netherlands Iceland
{ImageGallery#Preview:108493}
Azerbaijan
The first question of the evening went to the delegation of Azerbaijan. "Will you start a fire on Saturday?" was the first question for Dilara Kazimova. She replied by thanking her fans, and she said: "I will do my best in the Final."
Azerbaijan was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final.
Montenegro
"I am happy that Montenegro is finally in the Final", Sergej stated in the beginning. "For Montenegro it has been a hard task. It's normal for many countries, but for Montenegro is special - we've tried five times but haven't qualified. We don't have Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina this year, so I am also singing for them."
Montenegro was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final.
Hungary
"It's great, I can't believe this is actually happening", András first states. Journalists had wondered before if András could be successful with a song about domestic abuse. "I said this before and I'll say it again: The beautiful thing about music is that there are no boundaries. I don't always want to sing about love, but this time I decided for something more serious because this is happening every day."
Hungary was drawn to perform in the second half of the Grand Final.
Russia
"We want to thank all of you for your support, we are full of emotion", Nastya and Masha stated. "Many people congratulated us after the show, and we were so happy to hear the wishes. We are happy that everything went well and we are pleased with our performance", they told the press.
Russia was drawn to perform in the second half of the Grand Final.
Armenia
How was it to be first on stage? "To be the first on stage is an honour, but in the Final I don't want to be first", Aram MP3 stated about opening the show.
Armenia was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final. Aram commented: "Then I think I'm going to be first again."
San Marino
"This is very important for me", Valentina Monetta stated about qualifying on her third attempt. "It's an incredible experience for me, I scream love, I have a lot of love inside me. Thank you very much", she shared her feelings. Was taking part for the third time the key for success: "This was my desire since I was a child, I want to thank my mum, my father and my brother."
San Marino was drawn to perform in the second half of the Grand Final.
Ukraine
"Thank you Europe for the second try to enter this stage", Mariya Yaremchuk stated. "I am proud to be Ukrainian, and I am singing for all the Ukrainians - there are 46 million of them. My main message is that time is now, and there are more important things than politics. Eurovision is a better way to unite people than politics."
Ukraine was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final.
Sweden
"I didn't want to go off the stage! There was so much screaming that I didn't even hear the music. It was amazing", Sanna Nielsen said. Does being first in the betting odds put pressure on her? "I don't feel any pressure, I am flattered to be one of the favourites", she replied. About her feelings on being announced as a finalist, she said: "It was a relief! I had to call my mum first. But it was really amazing!"
Sweden was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final.
The Netherlands
"I love the diversity of the music in Eurovision. I am very happy to be here, especially because there are only three chords in our song! And now I am even seated next to Sanna, that's amazing", Ilse Delange first stated. Can The Common Linnets win for The Netherlands - are they fast enough? "Yeah, we are fast enough", Waylon gave as a short answer.
The Netherlands were drawn to perform in the second half of the Grand Final.
Iceland
"It feels fantastic, and it means that we can take our 'No Prejudice' message to a higher level. Prejudices already happen in childhood, and it's the job of the adults to break this circle of prejudices", the singers first stated. Will their message make a difference? "We hope so. We are a small country, but there are many small countries in Eurovision, and together we are many", Haraldur, one of the musicians of Pollapönk, answered.
Iceland was drawn to perform in the first half of the Grand Final.
France's education minister Vincent Peillon has called for “secular morality” classes to be introduced in schools, leading to a stinging accusation from his predecessor that his announcement echoes an appeal by disgraced Vichy leader Marshal Pétain.
ADVERTISING Read more
France's Education Minister Vincent Peillon was embroiled in an unholy row on Tuesday over the matter of “secular morality” in state schools.
Peillon's announcement that he wants the subject to be taught in schools from 2013 has been criticised by his predecessor who accused him of harking back to a dark period of the country's history.
Luc Chatel, the rightwing education minister in former president Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP government, said Peillon's call for “secular morality” echoed the words of Marshal Pétain, who led the Nazi-allied regime, known as Vichy France, during World War II.
After France fell to Germany, Pétain vowed to rid the country of its “moral decadence”.
Describing Peillon's words as “frightening”, Chatel said that seeking the “intellectual and moral reeducation” of France's young people echoed “word for word the call of Marshal Pétain on June 25, 1940”.
His attack on Peillon may need to be taken with a pinch of salt given the fact that he himself, back in 2011, announced the introduction of morality classes for primary school children.
Children need to be taught how to ‘live together'
Referencing Vichy to slur rivals has been a common trait in French politics over the years, as is the debate surrounding the country's deep-rooted secular values, known as laïcité in French.
The word laïcité, roughly translated as secularism, has no exact equivalent in English. It refers to a core principle of the French Republic, which had its origins in the French Revolution and was consecrated by a 1905 law separating church and state. The law protects the right to freedom of worship, but rules that religion should play no role in government or public institutions, particularly state schools. The principle of laïcité enjoys broad backing across France's political spectrum and is passionately defended when the position of religion in French society arises. In 2004 a controversial law was passed banning the wearing of religious symbols, including muslim veils, in schools. This led some to portray France's reinforement of laïcité simply as an attack on the influence of Islam in the country. Many Muslims in France supported the law however. Peillon's latest bid to introduce a secular moral code for France's youngsters is aimed, he says, at helping them “live together”.
In an interview with the French newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche, Peillon said there were certain core values of the republic that he wanted children to learn and understand.
According to Peillon, secular morality is to “understand what is right and to distinguish good from evil. It is also about knowing your duties as much as your rights - and above all it's about values,” Peillon said.
“Secularism is not about simple tolerance, it's not about ‘anything goes'. It is a set of values that we have to share,” he added. “To be shared, these values need to be taught and learned and we need to rebuild them among France's children.”
Teaching French children Republican values will not require them to salute the tricolour flag, Peillon says, but he is in favour of them learning the Marseillaise, the French national anthem.
His proposal, which will be formulated over the coming months, has received a rather lukewarm reception among France's legion of teachers.
“Children need to express themselves”
For primary school teacher Daniel Labaquere, who represents the union SNUipp, there are better ways of educating children than teaching strict moral codes.
“In France we talk a lot about values like liberté, egalité and fraternité,” Labaquere told FRANCE 24. “But these values can be achieved by a school helping children to grow and develop their personalities and by allowing them to express themselves."
"It shouldn't be done simply be writing a set of moral codes on the blackboard and forcing pupils to learn them off by heart.”
Philosopher and specialist in secularism, Henri Pena Ruiz is also concerned that teaching secular morality in schools may well undermine the fundamental principal of laïcité and the reasons why France chose to separate its church from the state.
“We can't just replace Christian instruction with Republican instruction for there is no point just aping religious indoctrination with secularist indoctrination,” Ruiz told Le Journal du Dimanche.
Parent groups have also expressed reservations about schools taking on the task of teaching morality to pupils.
“This should not encroach upon the role of the parents,” warned Valérie Marty of the Federation of State School Parents (PEEP). “Researchers looking into this must clearly define the roles of each side.”
Peillon did however earn the backing of his president boss François Hollande this week.
Hollande had pledged to strenthen France's strict secular values during his presidential campaign. He also vowed to make young people, and in particular schools, the focal point of his mandate. He has promised to create 60,000 jobs in education over the next five years.
“A good school,” Hollande said, is one that teaches “dignity, respect, consideration and personal reflection.”
Dogs suffer life-threatening injuries during attack in Lanikai Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
It's something every dog owner hopes they never experience seeing their pet attacked by another dog right in front of them.
But that's what happened to a couple in Lanikai last night.
When all said and done, two dogs were sent to the vet with life-threatening injuries, and the man walking them was put in the hospital.
It happened Monday on the 1400 block of A'alapapa drive in Lanikai, Robert and Alesia Barnes were walking their three dogs, when Alicia noticed a large dog, coming toward them, "I said Bob grab the dogs. He's coming at us and is not attached to anything. So I have my two Maltese on their leashes, and I didn't have time to pick them up. I just pick them up by their leashes and they were hanging."
Barnes says the bigger dog grabbed her dog out of the air, and that's when she says another large dog came running in.
She describes what happens next. "Next thing I know Bob is on the ground in the middle of the road people all around him Jenny, our dog, is down the street with another neighbor. I'm calling for the police we call the police at 7:25 neighbors are calling the police."
Bob says he tried everything he could to separate the dogs, "And then the dog picks up our dog and starts shaking it. Then this other dog comes out and they're trying to pull the dog apart. I'm kicking the dog, and I'm screaming. It was worse than a sci-fi movie. You just can't imagine how horrific it was. It just tears your guts out to see something like this."
The Barnes say the owner of the two dogs eventually came out to help, but by then the damage had been done.
Bob took an ambulance to the hospital with minor injuries from trying to break the dogs up.
Two of the barnes dogs are still in the hospital, one of them, Alicia says, a small maltese, may have brain damage: "Daisy has large puncture wounds. She's got a skin infection so they didn't want to do the surgery. She's got a broken pelvis, and she's got hip injuries. Daisy is only five she had a whole life in front of her. Now she's a four a half year-old mangled pinned up mess. Hopefully she lives. Let's just hope she lives. Let's start with that and hopefully Jenny will come out ok."
Planning for new concentrated solar power (CSP) development in the U.S. almost disappeared in 2013 as developers turned to smaller, more achievable PV installations.
“The 2013 trend in CSP is that not much has happened,” said GTM Research Solar Analyst Cory Honeyman. “Demand across the country has turned from large-scale projects to those in the range of 1 megawatt to 20 megawatts.”
PV has the advantage in smaller projects because CSP doesn't readily scale, Honeyman explained, and because “declines in PV module costs have undercut trough and tower technologies and put them at a significant cost disadvantage.”
Three factors enabled CSP's U.S. growth, according to CSP Alliance Executive Director Tex Wilkins: “Aggressive portfolio standards, the 30 percent federal ITC, and the DOE's loan guarantee program." But utilities have filled their RPS portfolios, the ITC's drop to 10 percent at the end of 2016 pushes the CSP development timeline, and the loan guarantee program isn't available, he said. "As a result, financing big projects is difficult.”
The GTM Research Q3 2013 U.S. Solar Market Insight report, which will be released at next week's Greentech Media U.S. Solar Market Insight conference in San Diego, forecasts 802 megawatts of CSP for 2013, including Abengoa's 280-megawatt Solana Generating Station with storage.
There will be 814 megawatts in 2014, including BrightSource Energy's 372 megawatt Ivanpah facility, SolarReserve's 110-megawatt Crescent Dunes tower project with storage, and NextEra Energy's 250-megawatt Genesis Solar Energy Project.
Beyond that, the picture is less clear. GTM foresees 3 megawatts for 2015, and estimates 340 megawatts in 2016 and 330 megawatts in 2017.
“The question is what will happen after projects with signed PPAs are completed,” Honeyman said. “There will be another wave of already-contracted projects when the ITC drops. But the future of U.S. CSP outside the existing pipeline is murky.”
Source: GTM Research Q3 2013 U.S. Solar Market Insight report, which will be released at next week's Greentech Media U.S. Solar Market Insight conference in San Diego
The future of CSP is linked to storage, and the Solana and Crescent Dunes projects will prove that capability, Wilkins said, but, meanwhile, developers are going to international markets and industrial applications.
BrightSource Energy recently signed an MOU to build CSP in China and has signaled it wants to build on the success of its pilot enhanced oil recovery project with Chevron in California.
“As much as 80 percent of our development activity,” SolarReserve CEO Kevin Smith said, “is now international.”
Despite the crash from Spain's revision of its FIT program, the world market is still growing. India connected its first CSP project to the grid in 2013, projects are in construction in India and South Africa, and projects went into the pipeline this year in South Africa, Morocco, Kuwait, Israel, China, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia.
SolarReserve began exploring the mining market in the last two years, first in Chile and more recently in Australia, Smith said. “There are a couple of thousand mines around the world that are off-grid and depend on trucked-in diesel fuel. They are paying, according to mine operators, $0.30 per kilowatt-hour to $0.35 per kilowatt-hour. We can come in at half that price or less, without subsidies, and save them millions of dollars per year.”
Smith says he can beat the $0.135 per kilowatt-hour PPA price for the 110-megawatt Crescent Dunes project because of the solar resource. “The Crescent Dunes tower technology will generate about 500,000 megawatt-hours per year in Nevada. The exact same technology will generate about 700,000 megawatt-hours per year in Chile.”
Even without financial incentives and with the cost of remote construction, Smith said, “the value proposition still comes out better than $100-per-barrel diesel fuel. And there is the risk of diesel price volatility. The price of solar generation is fixed for twenty or more years.”
SolarReserve has also developed a 30- to 60-megawatt version of its tower technology to serve smaller mines' along with designing a hybrid PV-CSP facility. “PV is more cost-effective, but CSP has storage. We can maximize the return on investment by using them together, with electricity during the day from PV and at night from the CSP storage.”
Smith is confident that Crescent Dunes will go on-line in 2014. “It will be the first large-scale tower project with molten salt storage. After that, there will be a lull in CSP development. But we are working to cut costs and get the price of the delivered electricity to below $0.10 per kilowatt-hour.”
The cost of CSP remains too high, Wilkins agreed, but it doesn't have to be. “The DOE's target for CSP is $0.06 per kilowatt-hour. Both wind and PV were expensive until public support drove market growth,” he said. “The CSP price could come down to near that of wind and PV. But not until more projects are built.”
Between 1981 and 1991, Wilkins recalled, public support allowed developers to build nine parabolic trough projects in California's Mojave Desert. “The first Solar Energy Generating Station (SEGS) cost about $0.24 per kilowatt-hour, but the ninth SEGS came in at about $0.12 per kilowatt-hour.”
Both Wilkins and Smith said they have heard talk about starting a public-private initiative in the U.S. to grow CSP volume and get the price to $0.09 per kilowatt-hour.
“But what is critical is storage,” Smith said. “You have to have storage with CSP or there is no business opportunity. You look like a more expensive version of PV.”
***
The second afternoon of next week's Greentech Media U.S. Solar Market Insight conference is dedicated to the future of utility-scale solar.
A proposal to dig tunnels for broadband fiber while constructing new roads and highways got backing from House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) on Wednesday.
The appropriately named "ditch-digging bill" is an example of better coordination among government resources, Waxman said in his opening remarks during an oversight hearing of the National Broadband Plan.
"Greater access to rights-of-ways at reduced costs can help spur the deployment of advanced facilities not only in urban areas, but also deeper into rural areas," said Waxman, who is now a co-sponsor of the bill."
The bill was introduced almost a year ago by Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) with a companion bill by Sen. Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharMore than 60 former staffers defend Klobuchar as ‘a mentor and a friend' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' MORE (D-Minn.).
The Broadband Conduit Deployment Act, introduced in the House in May, would direct DOT Secretary Ray LaHood to require the installation of broadband channels--which could be filled with fiber later--while the ground is already being torn up for federally funded highway construction and other transportation projects. As a result, Internet companies can simply install the fiber lines when they build out new networks.
LaHood has said the plan "makes sense" and Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski also supports the idea.
The ditch-digging proposal has become more relevant as the House Subcommittee on Communications, Technology and the Internet examined the FCC's proposals for getting fiber all the way to consumers' doorstep--the so-called "last mile" of broadband networks.
"This is the 'dig-once' concept," Eshoo said Wednesday in her own plug for the bill. "We can reap the cost savings of doing a two-for-one dig."
Coyotes Sign Potter to One-Year Contract by Staff Writer / Arizona Coyotes
GLENDALE, ARIZONA – Arizona Coyotes General Manager Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have signed defenseman Corey Potter to a one-year, two-way contract. As per club policy, terms of the contract were not disclosed. Potter has been assigned to the Springfield Falcons (AHL).
The 31-year-old Potter appeared in six games with the Calgary Flames in 2014-15. The 6-foot-3, 206-pound native of Lansing, MI also registered 10 assists and a plus-10 rating in 25 games with the Adirondack Flames (AHL).
Potter has collected 8-24-32 and 53 PIM in 129 career NHL games with the New York Rangers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Edmonton Oilers, Boston Bruins and Calgary Flames. He was originally drafted by the Rangers in the fourth round (122nd overall) in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
View Less
Media playback is not supported on this device Bolt vows to restore athletics faith
Anniversary Games
Venue: Olympic Stadium, London Date: Friday, 26 July (1930 BST on BBC Two & online and 1900 BST on BBC Radio 5 live), Saturday, 27 July (1330 BST on BBC One & online and BBC Radio 5 live from 12:00 BST) and Sunday, 28 July (BBC Radio 5 live from 12:00 BST) Coverage: Watch live on BBC One, Two, BBC Sport website, Connected TV, mobiles and the BBC Sport app
Six-time Olympic sprint champion Usain Bolt wants to help restore faith in the sport after failed drug tests by fellow Jamaican athletes.
Asafa Powell and Sherone Simpson recently tested positive, as did American Tyson Gay, the fastest man in the world this year.
Bolt, 26, runs at the London Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium at the weekend.
"I have to work even harder to help the country and the sport," he said.
"Now I'm even more focussed and ready to go and do better and try to inspire people and to show people that it is possible."
Media playback is not supported on this device Failed drug tests a setback - Bolt
Bolt insists he has never taken drugs and said: "I'm clean but you have to be very careful as an athlete because right now there are a lot of things on the banned list.
"You have to keep up to date with this kind of thing. It's kind of hard, but that's why you have a team to make sure.
"I get tested all the while. I got tested the day before yesterday. It's just part of the routine. "
Bolt, the 100m and 200m world record-holder, pointed to his success as a junior athlete as evidence of his innocence.
"I've broken every record there ever was to break since I was growing up," he told the BBC.
"It's not a surprise that I'm breaking world records because I've been doing it since I was a junior.
"I want to explain to people that 'this is just me'. I run fast because I have a talent and was put on this Earth to inspire a lot of people."
The US Anti-Doping Agency informed American Gay, 30, that his A sample from an out-of-competition test in May was positive.
Powell, the all-time fourth quickest, tested positive for a banned stimulant at June's Jamaican Championships and fellow Jamaican Simpson failed a drug test at the same event.
After Powell tested positive for the banned stimulant oxilofrine at the national trials last month, Bolt said it was a blow for Jamaica and athletics.
"I didn't want to bombard him with questions," said Bolt, who will run the 100m and 4x100m at the London Anniversary Games.
Media playback is not supported on this device Usain Bolt's incredible 2012
"I told him, 'Sorry to hear what was going on.' And he said, 'Yes, it's kind of rough, it's hard."'
With Gay and Powell still waiting for the results of their 'B' samples, Bolt was keen to avoid speculation when he spoke to the media in London on Thursday.
"There are a lot of details left to be discussed," he said.
The recent spate of positive drug tests has put the focus back on a sport that has been dogged by doping scandals in the past.
"It's going to set athletics back a little bit, but as a person I can't really focus on this," added Bolt.
"I still have the World Championships, everyone is stepping up their game, so I have to really focus on that.
"I am just trying to work hard, run fast and hopefully help people forget what has happened and just move on."
Bolt was speaking on the same day a Jamaica football player tested positive for a banned substance after a World Cup qualifying match against Honduras.
The Jamaica Football Federation said it was notified by Fifa that a "member of the Jamaican squad returned an adverse analytical finding on his urine sample" after the 11 June game.
Bolt became the first athlete to retain the Olympic 100m and 200m crowns when he took gold in both events at the 2012 London Olympics last summer. He then won his third gold of the Games when he anchored Jamaica's sprint relay team to a world record.
© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: The HSBC bank logo is seen at their offices in the Canary Wharf financial district in London
By Lawrence White and Andrew MacAskill
LONDON (Reuters) - Banks in Britain are set to close a record 762 branches this year, depriving more customers of access to in-person financial services as lenders cut costs by pushing business online.
The number of branches shut or earmarked for closure so far this year is more than the 583 closed in 2016 and is the most on record, according to a Reuters analysis of bank announcements, academic studies and government data.
Banks and building societies in Britain have been shutting branches at a rate of around 300 per year since 1989, a trend which has accelerated in recent years as lenders respond to pressure on profits by slashing costly brick-and-mortar outlets.
Royal Bank of Scotland (L: ) is set to close 244 branches this year, Lloyds Banking Group (L: ) will shut 195, while HSBC (L: ) and Barclays (L: ) will close 117 and 90 to 100 respectively.
That will leave Britain with around 8,000 bank branches by the end of the year, according to a Reuters calculation of the bank's statements, compared with 17,831 in 1989, according to data from the University of Nottingham.
The accelerating pace of closures has caused concern among lawmakers and campaigners, who say it is often the most vulnerable customers and businesses that bear the brunt as banks consolidate branches in big cities.
Reuters reported in June last year that Britain's largest banks are disproportionately closing branches in the lowest-income areas.
Politicians in a subsequent parliamentary debate said the findings showed the "quiet scandal" of branch closures, which research has showed can also halve lending to small businesses in impacted areas.
Bank executives say they are responding to changing patterns of customer behavior and that they are providing alternatives for those who can't or won't bank online.
BANKING ACCESS
A spokeswoman for Co-Operative Bank, set to shut 10 branches this year, said for example its customers can do everyday transactions in any of 11,500 Post Office branches in Britain.
Barclays also said it provides banking access via some Post Office outlets, as well as offering some pop-up branches and video banking services, while a spokeswoman for banking industry body UK Finance said banks are investing in new ATMs and mobile bank branches to reach more rural communities.
Some newer competitors are also bucking the trend by growing their branch network.
Swedish lender Handelsbanken (ST: ), which operates more than 200 branches in Britain, said in February it will keep expanding to take advantage as rivals scale back.
Metro Bank (L: ) has opened 48 outlets since it started in July 2010 and plans to open a further eight to 10 this year, with a goal of growing to 110 by 2020, a spokeswoman said.
The bank's strategy, however, in common with most rivals, is to target major towns and cities, meaning gaps left in rural areas by the retreat of major lenders are unlikely to be plugged in the near future.
Nationwide in April this year offered a crumb of comfort to such areas, opening a community-supported branch in the Somerset town of Glastonbury which last year lost its remaining bank branches. It said it may open more such outlets, depending on the support of local communities.
Despite such measures, campaigners have been wondering how many bank branches will be left given the UK has around 25 per 100,000 adults, according to data from the World Bank and Citigroup (NYSE: ), compared with just 17 in the Nordic countries which are seen as pioneers in the transition to mobile and digital banking.
Derek French, a former banker who founded the Campaign for Community Banking Services, said last August the campaign would close because he did not want to mislead the public into thinking they could do anything about bank branch closures.
"There's no hope of changing anything," French told British newspapers. "We're realists."
Barzani, outlawed PKK are ‘the same,' says Turkey's MHP head
ANKARA
AA photo
Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) head Devlet Bahçeli has slammed the Justice and Development Party's (AKP) close relations with the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, comparing KRG President Masoud Barzani to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).“Barzani and the PKK are the same and he is a trademark of treason,” Bahçeli said at an MHP parliamentary group meeting on April 12.“Barzani has repeatedly spoken about ‘independence' in recent months. He has said he will settle independence in a referendum on September. But there was no reaction from the Turkish government. In fact, [Prime Minister Ahmet] Davutoğlu experienced a blackout over these nonsense statements,” he added.Ongoing anti-PKK operations in Turkey's southeast contradict with the government's close relations with Barzani, the MHP leader said, describing the KRG head as a “killer of Turkish soldiers.”“Davutoğlu's clinging to the negotiation circle is not a good sign. On the one hand, terrorists are chased from house to house and street to street, while on the other hand Barzani is protected. If this is not malicious intent, it is political captivity. Regional games and scenarios show that Turkey is set for disaster,” Bahçeli added.
Today, more than 100 firms produce soccer balls in Sialkot, a city of 1.6 million. Since Sialkot faces tight competition from China and East Asia, the team of researchers figured that manufacturers would be hungry for technologies to make their plants more efficient. After happening upon a new manufacturing process that would increase profit margins by about 13 percent—it involved changing the arrangement of pentagons on a sheet of artificial leather in a way that reduced waste—they wanted to know how quickly the method would spread. They introduced it to a control group of firms. They waited.
But after 15 months, only five of the 35 factories in the control group adopted the technology—a rate the working paper calls “puzzlingly low.” So the team put on hold its original question and started investigating why the technology didn't catch on. They noticed that one firm outside of the control group adopted the new pentagon arrangement, and that the firm did something most others didn't: What was going on with that one firm? It turns out, that firm paid its workers by the hour, rather than by the ball. The researchers hypothesized that a worker paid per ball might be resistant to trying out a new technology because, in the short run, as they were learning to use it, it would slow down their productivity and decrease their earnings.
In hopes of erasing the workers' short-run qualms and encouraging them to share innovative information, the team offered them an extra month's worth of wages on the condition that they learned how to use the new cutting technology. After this cash infusion, the researchers saw the probability of adoption increase from 16 percent to 48 percent. This lump sum, which they considered “small from the point of view of the firm,” was the extra push needed for adoption.
The best explanation for this, according to Eric Verhoogen, a professor at Columbia's School of International and Public Affairs and an author of the paper, is that without the lump sum, the incentives of the worker and the company don't match up. “The general lesson is that workers have to share in the gains for innovation to be successful,” Verhoogen says. In fact, the workers' incentives were so far divorced from those of their managers that some workers lied to their superiors about the technology's efficacy in order to prevent its adoption. (Naïf that I am, I found this surprising. Verhoogen didn't. “What I was surprised about is not so much that workers might try to mislead their managers, but that their managers would believe them,” he says.)
The study isn't an unqualified endorsement of hourly wages over piece rates in manufacturing, but it does constitute a stab at answering the question of how companies might extract knowledge from inside its workers' heads. “Even on assembly lines in the U.S., in auto factories for instance, paying fixed wages, many times workers will come up with ways of doing their jobs faster, but they won't tell the firm about that, because they can just do the job faster, and they can have longer breaks,” Verhoogen notes. He points to Rivethead, a 1992 book by an employee of the General Motors plant in Flint, Michigan, which described the ways workers could game the system: If one employee managed to be twice as productive, another employee could take the day off and go fishing.
Eric Verhoogen
A 2008 article in Harvard Business Review pointed to Toyota as an example of a firm whose success is in part due to listening to its employees. HBR explains:
The company views employees not just as pairs of hands but as knowledge workers who accumulate chie—the wisdom of experience—on the company's front lines. Toyota therefore invests heavily in people and organizational capabilities, and it garners ideas from everyone and everywhere: the shop floor, the office, the field.
Says Verhoogen, “There's a ton of knowledge out there that's being wasted because workers don't have any incentive to share it.”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
A long time has passed since Czech Jews used to spit on the cross and churches. Here is in an extract from a Jewish travel guide for Europe. “In Prague's Charles Bridge, the visitor will observe a great crucifix surrounded by huge gilded Hebrew letters that spell the traditional Hebrew sanctification Kadosh Kadosh Kadosh Adonai Tzvaot, “Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord of Hosts.” According to various commentators, this piece, degrading to Jews, came about because in 1609 a Jew was accused of desecrating the crucifix. The Jewish community was forced to pay for putting up the Hebrew words in gold letters. Another explanation is that a Jew spat at the cross and for this he was to be put to death as a punishment. When this man begged for his life, the king, seeking to have good relations with the Jews, said the Jewish community had to rectify the offence….” (To read more: Travel Guide for Jewish Europe, pg 497) But the Czech Jewish community is slightly more confident these days. It is clearly very unhappy with Mel Gibson's Latest achievement. http://www.bloomberg.com/
"The Czech Jewish community protested against a decision by the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival to give Mel Gibson its top award for lifetime achievement, saying his work includes anti-Semitic views.
The 58 year-old actor and director will receive a Crystal Globe during the state-sponsored festival's opening on July 4, according to organizers. The Federation of Jewish Communities in the Czech Republic objected to the award, saying Gibson's 2004 movie the “Passion of the Christ” portrays Jews as “evil and blood-thirsty,” it said in a letter to the festival.
“By granting this award, the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival becomes another of the very arguable platforms that are gradually changing the atmosphere of our country from a traditional, relatively tolerant society” into one “where space is given to hostility, xenophobia, and anti-Semitic ideas,” the Federation said in the letter on its website.
The Karlovy Vary Festival acknowledged receiving the letter and said it respected its opinions.
“The award is to recognize Gibson's filmmaking skills and his career,” festival spokeswoman Uljana Donatova said by phone. “We don't feel that we're entitled to comment on the rest. The Passion of the Christ won't be screened at the festival.”
The Bridgeton police department. (Photo: File)
BRIDGETON - The city has agreed to a $500,000 settlement in a police brutality suit but claims its officers committed no "wrongful conduct" in the 2013 incident following a traffic stop.
With allegations of brutal mistreatment at the hands of six city police officers, married couple Phillip A. DuBose and his wife, Cheryl, both of Lebanon Road, settled in U.S. District Court in April for $500,000 with the city, the Bridgeton Police Department and several of its officers.
The settlement — which the defendants said in their request for a confidentiality agreement is not an admission of guilt — stems from a Feb. 20, 2013, incident in which DuBose was arrested and allegedly viciously beaten because he honked his horn.
DuBose's initial complaint documents the sequence of events that reportedly led to his arrest and the beating officers allegedly administered.
DuBose claims he was attempting to back his vehicle into a parking spot near Wood and York streets but was blocked by a police cruiser. In response, DuBose said he moved up Wood Street and found another parking spot but was issued tickets for double-parking and excessive use of his horn.
DuBose admitted in the suit that at that point he “momentarily lost his temper” after being ticketed and struck his steering wheel, causing the car horn to sound again.
The officers then returned and allegedly told DuBose to get out of his vehicle.
DuBose claims the officers then committed a host of brutalities and excessive force:
Bridgeton officers allegedly punched and kicked DuBose, at one point “pulling his arms behind his shoulders,” “spraying him with mace,” and “forcing him face down onto the pavement.”
One officer is said to have turned off his body microphone “so that the assault would not be recorded.”
Another allegedly officer told a “bloodied” DuBose, “Look at your face now, wise guy.”
Officers are purported to have taken pictures of an injured DuBose “for their own amusement.”
One of those images — of DuBose's bleeding and bruised face — was supposedly later shown to his wife by an officer who said to her, “Wanna see your husband, Missy?”
DuBose claims his injuries included a concussion, two orbital fractures, eye injuries, shoulder injuries and multiple abrasions. He was taken to a local hospital for treatment and eventually moved to Cooper University Hospital in Camden.
At the hospital, DuBose claimed he was “kept shackled” to his bed by officers despite presenting “no danger to the officers, to others or to himself,” he said.
DuBose's wife, also a plaintiff in the case, also alleged mistreatment by officers, including allegations that officers examined her bank book and repeatedly asked her for additional records as she attempted to post her husband's bail.
Criminal charges found their way to DuBose after the incident, including disorderly conduct, aggravated assault of a police officer, resisting arrest and obstructing law enforcement, according to the suit.
However, those charges were dropped by the Cumberland County Prosecutor's Office in 2014, the suit stated.
DuBose, in his complaint, stated such a dismissal provided “governmental acknowledgement that no probable cause to support those charges had ever existed.”
He had charged the department with having no warrant or probable cause to arrest him and no legal excuse for the officers to inflict “serious bodily injuries” upon him.
Claiming his constitutional rights were violated, and citing the injuries that he said caused him to incur “serious medical bills and other monetary damages,” DuBose filed a seven-count lawsuit.
DuBose and his wife asked for $525,000 in judgment, as well as punitive damages, taxable costs and attorney's fees for DuBose's lawyer, Alfonso Gambone.
Named as defendants were six city police officers: Richard Zanni, Angel Santiago, Joseph Camp, Nicholas Caprio, Joshua Soper and Miguel Martinez.
The suit does not make clear which officers allegedly attacked DuBose.
Three police detectives were injured in a collision with a motorist as they were responding to the scene, according to police reports from the time. Those detectives were identified as L. Santiago, T. Gramp and W. Miller.
Angel Santiago is also facing another lawsuit from five female city employees claiming sexual misconduct spanning several years.
Santiago hasn't worked for the department since August 2013, according to Bridgeton Police Chief Michael A. Gaimari Sr.
Gaimari declined comment on the settlement but said the matter was investigated by both the Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau and the Cumberland County Prosecutor's Office.
"As a result, no internal or criminal charges were levied against any officer," Gaimari told The Daily Journal via e-mail.
City Solicitor Rebecca Bertram declined comment on the settlement.
Former Police Chief Mark W. Ott, Lt. J. Branch and the city itself were also named as defendants in the lawsuit.
DuBose in his suit accused Ott of implementing policies in the department that resulted in officers treating residents — specifically blacks and other minorities — with “unreasonable force,” as well as poor training of officers in general.
In the suit, DuBose cited a 2006 incident in which Rigoverto Diaz, a local “Mexican immigrant,” was arrested by two officers, taken to a parking lot and “beaten and robbed.”
An officer accused in that incident, Gregory Willis, subsequently resigned and pleaded guilty to official misconduct in court, making way for the city to settle with Diaz.
The other officer in that incident, Carl Holliday, was fired by the department in 2006 after being convicted of official misconduct and witness tampering and was later arrested in 2011 after a string of bank robberies in South Jersey and Pennsylvania.
The department has been the focus of other civil litigation over the years, including a $530,000 settlement in 2010 to three city residents who sued over allegations of racial profiling, as well as a suit filed last year by the widow of Jerame Reid, whom police shot and killed during a traffic stop.
Daniel J. Kov; (856) 563-5262; dkov@gannettnj.com
Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, sports, crime, weather, traffic and more. Search "The Daily Journal" in the app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app | iPad app. And be sure to 'like' us on Facebook!
Read or Share this story: http://vineland.dj/1N64zCJ
My last post, on the connection between the equatorial Pacific Ocean and the floods in Eastern Australia, closed with a graph of the Southern Oscillation Index (SOI) over the past 40 years, and with an assertion that major rains and flooding in Queensland were associated with this index. (As a reminder, it is derived from the difference in air pressure between Tahiti and Darwin, Australia, and is one indicator of El Niño and La Niña.) At least one Australian columnist says “we should have seen it coming”. Should they have? As Levar Burton would say, don't take my word for it. Let's check out that connection with some quick-and-dirty statistics.
First, we will need rainfall records to line up agains the SOI. These are available from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology here. Let's look at the period from 1970 to the present:
Very spiky. Looking closer, the spikes are all occurring mid-summer down under (that is, in December, January, and February). Rainfall in Queensland is extremely seasonal. A few of the spikes are higher than the rest, most notably in 1974, when there were also major floods in Queensland. On further reflection, it doesn't make much sense to compare the SOI directly with rainfall, since the rain changes more from summer to winter than it does between years. We'll want to remove the average seasonal cycle from the data to leave us with anomalies, or departures from that average.
The graph below shows each year of rainfall since 1900 plotted as a separate line over the twelve months of the year, giving us a sense of how the annual cycle of rainfall varies from year to year. From these we can calculate the average monthly rainfalls, shown by the black line.
This graph shows us several things. January is the rainiest month, and August the driest. Rainfall is also much more variable during the Austral summer (November-March) than it is during the rest of the year. We can also compare particular years to the mean. The last year of disastrous flooding, 1973-74, is shown in red (the line starts in the middle in July 1973, then runs off the right edge and wraps around to start 1974 on the left). November and December 1973 were among the rainiest on record. January 1974 set the all-time record, half again as rainy as the next highest. Rainfall in 2010 has been above average since July, and well above average since September. Last month was the rainiest December on record.
Now that we have the average rainfall for each month (a.k.a. the “climatology”), we can subtract it from the data to get anomalies, which then look like this (again, just plotted from 1970-present):
Still spiky, but with no immediately obvious periodicity. Let's go ahead and do a simple regression of Queensland rainfall on the SOI:
Aha! There is a positive correlation—higher values of the SOI are associated with above-average rainfall in Queensland. This result is highly significant (p << 0.001), meaning that it is very, very unlikely this result would occur by chance. Still, it isn't a particularly strong relationship. There is still a lot of scats around the best-fit line, and our simple regression model only explains about 13% of the variability. There are evidently (and not surprisingly) other, more complicated dynamics going on. Finally, let's dig a little deeper into this correlation. It would be reasonable to wonder if rain perhaps lags the SOI by some amount of time. Maybe it takes a month or two for the oceanic and atmospheric conditions expressed in the SOI to manifest themselves as increased rain in Queensland. To check this idea, we use a statistical tool called the cross-correlation function. [caption id="" align="alignnone" width="550" caption="Cross-correlation of rainfall anomaly with SOI. When the lag is negative, SOI leads rainfall. When it is positive, rainfall leads SOI."] [/caption]
The graph above shows the strength of the correlation of rainfall with SOI as a function of the time lag between the two series. When the lag is negative, rainfall is regressed on previous values of SOI. When the lag is positive, SOI is in effect regressed on previous values of Queensland rainfall. When the bars stick out past the dotted blue lines, they are significant at the 5% level.
So what does this show? SOI and rainfall are positively correlated for about seven months in either direction. The correlations look a bit stronger on the left side—that is, the SOI is a better advance predictor of rain than vice-versa. But generally, SOI doesn't look like a super-precise predictor of rainfall from month to month, even if it is a good indicator at a seasonal or yearly scale.
I'll close out with a snippet from the Australian poet Dorothea McKellar. I'm told that little Aussies learn this in school the same way I learned Longfellow growing up in Boston…Listen, my children, and you shall hear, of the midnight ride of Paul Revere…er, ahem.
I love a sunburnt country,
A land of sweeping plains,
Of ragged mountain ranges,
Of droughts and flooding rains.
—————
NOTES
First, I should note that this really is quick-and-dirty climatology. I'm not an expert in this, nor am I familiar with this part of the world, and I didn't go that far beneath the surface here, statistically speaking. I could dig deeper, but I have other things I should be doing, such as my thesis and laundry. Take it with a grain of salt.
All data analyzed here came from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, as mentioned above. With the help of some Python magic, I compiled them into two data files, soi.csv and qlnd_rain.csv. Each has three columns for the year, month, and data value. All graphs and analysis in this post were done using R. The code, for those interested, is here.
CHICAGO -- If Chris Ash lit a fire under the returning Rutgers quarterbacks by adding TCU graduate transfer Zach Allen to the mix, then the first-year coach's next move was to turn the temperature up to an inferno.
Ash said at Big Ten Media Day that Allen will start training camp on even footing with Chris Laviano, Hayden Rettig and Giovanni Rescigno -- the three who have been part of his program since day one and who competed for the No. 1 spot in spring camp.
"That's why we brought him in," Ash said. "We didn't bring in a grad transfer to be third on the depth chart. We want to give him every opportunity to go out and win the starting job just like the other days."
Rutgers draws motivation from rankings
That's probably most alarming to Laviano, who seemed to be in the driver's seat for most of spring camp. Laviano completed 60 percent of his passes for 2,247 yards and 16 touchdowns with 12 interceptions as a first-year starter in 2015.
"We have created competition in a room that needed competition," Ash said. "We have made individuals uncomfortable that needed to be made uncomfortable and they have all responded in the right way."
Rettig, a big-armed LSU transfer, was thought to be Laviano's biggest threat after the two battled last training camp. Fans clamored for Rettig when Laviano struggled through the second half of last season but former coach Kyle Flood never budged.
Where Flood was loyal to a fault after making his initial decision, Ash wants to create an environment where job security is not guaranteed.
Enter Allen to "basically throw a bomb in the room and get guys to change," according to Ash.
Is Darius Hamilton 100 percent yet?
Though he profiles as the dual-threat that is preferred in the spread offense, Allen attempted just two passes in one game over three years as a backup at TCU.
"He's brought competition," Ash said. "He's a guy that comes from a very good program in TCU, and, although he hasn't played a lot of quarterbacks at TCU, he's mature, he's intelligent. He's a competitor and he forces those guys in the other room to do the same things.
"It has changed the behavior. It's increased performance so far without getting out there on the field. In terms of what they've done in the weight room and in the workouts so far this summer, he's done exactly what we wanted him to do by bringing him in. We'll go out and put on the helmet and shoulder pads and roll the balls out and we'll see what happens."
Laviano pulled ahead of the others in the early part of spring camp but fell back to the pack. He got the first and longest look with the starters in the spring game.
Rettig started the season-opener while Laviano was serving a suspension and played in four others, combining to go 14-of-25 with 233 yards and two touchdowns.
Rescigno, who has three years of eligibility remaining still is awaiting his collegiate debut. Allen, Laviano and Rettig all have two years of eligibility remaining.
The trio's performance amounted to short of what Ash wanted to see.
"Inconsistent would be the best word to describe it," Ash said. "That's why we did what we did by bringing in Zach Allen.
"We had to get guys to be more consistent in their play, we had to get guys to be more consistent in their leadership, more consistent in their commitment to being the best they can be in terms of commitment to film study and weight room and just training overall. All of those things were inconsistent and we have to get that changed."
Ryan Dunleavy may be reached at rdunleavy@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @rydunleavy. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
She's reviled by some and a morbid curiosity for others — and now, Hamilton's most infamous convicted killer is getting her own line of merchandise.
Designer Chris Farias's Evelyn Dick line launches at Supercrawl on Sept. 11 at the Hamilton Store. Farias says Dick's story “intrigues the macabre in us all” and “continues to hold our imaginations captive.” So at the behest of Hamilton Store owner Donna Reid, he's working on Dick merchandise for every occasion — everything from T-shirts to framed prints, coffee mugs to shot glasses, and maybe even an apron.
“Who wouldn't want to cook with Mrs. Dick? After all, she was pretty good with a set of knives,” Farias laughed. “I've been really intrigued by the story of Evelyn Dick for a while. What she did was horrible, yes. But her legend, the history, the story — all fascinating.”
Evelyn Dick emerges from another day in court in Hamilton back in the 40s. (Local History & Archives, Hamilton Public Library)
“A mother and wife woman who turned bad. Someone who 'knew' all the powerhouses in Hamilton for one reason or another. How could you not be interested?”
Dick's story is the stuff of legends in Hamilton, and one of the most well known murder cases in Canada's history. She was arrested for murder in the mid 1940s after a group of kids finds her husband's torso stashed partway down the side of the Mountain.
Her conviction in that case was overturned, but she was eventually convicted of killing her infant son after he was found encased in cement in a suitcase in her attic. Publications at home and the U.S. covered the trial. Some even came from as far a Europe.
Dick served 11 years in jail before being paroled in the 1950s, when she then vanished from the public eye — but not the public consciousness.
An unyielding interest
According to Hamilton Public Library archivist Margaret Houghton, Dick is still one of the most popular research topics at the library, some six decades later. They can't keep the books about her on the shelves.
Literally. People keep stealing them.
“If you have them out in the public area, they'll go missing,” Houghton told CBC Hamilton. “It's one of our most stolen books.”
It's the macabre factor that keeps people engrossed in the story so many years later, Houghton says. “It's so bizarre. How often do you have a torso murder?”
Ready for pushback
Farias knows that a merchandise line about a convicted murdered is bound to attract some attention, and not all of it positive. But he's ready for some disdain, he says.
Lines for the Dick trial formed every day at the courthouse on Main Street. (Local History & Archives, Hamilton Public Library)
“Of course, there will be pushback. Murder is a touchy subject. However, it's a fascinating part of Hamilton's history. She's our Al Capone,” he said. “This line doesn't condone what she did … but one thing our city is great at is laughing at itself and taking pride in our collective histories. And that's my ultimate goal.”
Houghton says that seeing as the Evelyn Dick story has already inspired plays, an opera and more than one book, she's not surprised that someone is taking it to this level. “Honestly, why not a clothing line?” she said.
And as for Dick herself — well, everyone has a story about where she might be, Houghton says. A grandmother or cousin knew her. An uncle somewhere in Ontario heard tell she's still alive.
But no one knows for sure.
“I've heard people speculate on it for years, but there's really no way to tell,” she said.
“She'd have to be very old…but anything's possible.”
The rumors are starting early this year. This morning, Ken Rosenthal was on Boston Sports radio (WEEI), and predicted that Jacoby Ellsbury would end up in Seattle for the steep price of $21 million/year, over 6 or 7 years. The Mariners have been linked to Ellsbury all season long, given their holes in the outfield, the loose Northwest connection between both parties, and a few failed splashes over the past several offseasons.
Ken Rosenthal doesn't stir the pot for fun. If he comes out and makes a prediction, you can bet he knows there are some legs behind it. Nobody knows what other offers are going to be on the table, but it seems pretty safe to assume that the Mariners like Jacoby Ellsbury a lot. Enough to offer him an extremely lucrative deal and outbid what will surely be a fair amount of suitors.
This rumor, if you can call it that, comes on the heels of a Boston Herald article that endorses the Red Sox parting ways with Ellsbury, citing the tremendous risks in a long-term contract for a player recently turned 30. The Red Sox have Jackie Bradley Jr. in waiting, but Bradley is still a question mark, and Boston is firmly positioned to continue winning now. Losing Ellsbury would be a step back, but the money saved would be re-allocated. Ellsbury will probably price himself out of everybody's comfort range - but that's the name of the game when it comes to free agents in their early 30s.
The Mariners have been unsuccessful in luring any big name free agents to Seattle, and with Jack Zduriencik on the final year of his contract, the stars are aligning for the Mariners to make a big splash, at any cost. After all, if the Mariners don't show significant improvement next season, changes are going to be made. While Z may act like this offseason won't be one of panic, there is absolutely a sense of urgency for him to get better right away.
The Mariners have plenty of holes on their team, but the outfield is the most glaring. For immediate impact, there are few players that could instantly help the Mariners as much as Ellsbury. He's coming off a 5.8 fWAR season where he stole 52 bases and was only caught 4 times, played plus defense in center field, and posted a .343 wOBA. Ellsbury finished 13th in WAR despite missing 28 games.
Jacoby Ellsbury is not Chone Figgins
Jacoby Ellsbury was a superstar in 2011, but he's not going to repeat his 32 dinger-fueled 9.1 WAR season again. What Boston got from Ellsbury at the plate this year is a fairly reasonable expectation for him for the immediate future, and as he enters his 30s, his speed is going to trend downwards sooner than later. Still, speed ages better than other traits, and a considerable amount of Ellsbury's value is built on it. One can't help but look at Michael Bourn, who stole just 23 bases and was caught 12 times this year at age 30 - right after his payday. His baserunning value dropped from 13.2 runs in 2011, to 6.6, to just 3.9 in 2013. Ellsbury, on the other hand, has seen his baserunning value increase in four straight years, peaking at 11.4 runs this year, and was on a similar pace before his injury in 2012. There's been no decline in defense, either. While his decline is inevitable, there aren't any major red flags yet.
The term injury-prone gets thrown around a lot with Ellsbury, and it's not entirely fair. Ellsbury has missed a lot of time - most of 2010, half of 2012, and a chunk in 2013 as well - but his injuries aren't of a repeating nature. There's no ailing elbow, balky hamstring, or bad knee. He's not Matt Kemp. Ellsbury's injuries have been a lot of bad luck, really. A collision with Adrian Beltre in 2010 broke four ribs and wasted his year. In 2012, he smashed into Reid Brignac at 2nd base and dislocated his shoulder. This year, he fouled a ball off of his foot and fractured it. Ellsbury's injury history doesn't read like a guy with major red flags, just a guy who has been in the wrong place at the wrong time more than anything else. There's less concern about Ellsbury continuing to get hurt than there is with other players who have missed similar amounts of time.
Additionally, to get one thing straight - Jacoby Ellsbury is not Chone Figgins. This is an inevitable comparison that will be made, given the way the Mariners were burned before and the loose similarity in skillsets between the two. Figgins was 32 before he even put on a Mariners uniform. Ellsbury would be 30. Figgins had no power, and Ellsbury does. Figgins fell off the table faster than anybody expected, and a repeat performance from a younger and better player shouldn't be expected. Ellsbury is a better free agent than Figgins was, and that's exactly why Rosenthal is predicting he'll cost up to almost $100 million more.
It's a lot of money. That dollar prediction is probably influenced by a general notion that the Mariners are going to have to overpay to land a free agent when they're still far from contending, and that's probably accurate. Ellsbury is going to get paid. He's having a great postseason so far, and that will be a factor as well - call it recency bias, call it the Jerome James effect - every major hit or stolen base Ellsbury racks up in the playoffs are dollar bills leaking out of some team's pockets.
It's not the time to make a declarative statement on whether or not this is a good move, because it's just a prediction, and it's still very early. Ellsbury is a wonderful player who could very easily be worth that kind of money for the first 2 or 3 years of a long term contract, and probably worth a whole lot less than it on the back end. The Red Sox are going to make a qualifying offer, and the Mariners have their top pick protected in 2014. If the Mariners do make a major splash to land Ellsbury, they're going to make more of them to get this team over the top and into contention. Ellsbury, at the right price, would be a great addition. If this prediction is any indication of what's to come, he's probably going to cost more than a comfortable number.
More from Lookout Landing:
[lua]# printall(sollei.appearance.colors)
0 = 0
1 = 0
2 = 0
3 = 0
4 = 0
0 = 9
1 = 4
2 = 4
3 = 9
4 = 21
5 = 0
6 = 1
7 = 6
Figured it out. It's including the amber coloring that they have before the age of 13-18 as well, so it ends up like this:hair:(black) eyes:(green) eyes:(amber) horns:(orange) skin:(gray)The problem is that there are two eye parts, it seems...EDIT: Fascinating. I replaced "eyes" in all but the amber to "eyes and blood". It now says "His eyes and blood are noble cerulean. His eyes are amber."The parts I'm trying to color are still solid black instead of the color that the debug window reports, though. The subsprite itself is solid white.EDIT 2:I don't think that's right.EDIT 3: It's showing on every single troll. The only variation is that sometimes index 0 has a value of 1 instead of 0.For comparison, here's a dog:EDIT 4: That's probably not related.EDIT 5: Maybe a sprite issue? Here are the sprites (all desperation edits that did nothing intact, pants are colored by profession and are colored correctly):EDIT 6:Made new sprites from scratch. Didn't work.
Grid Bike Art Tour
Avowed suburbanite goes green—‘acid green'—to tour Phoenix's cultural gems on two wheels.
By Nora Burba Trulsson
Somehow, I have morphed into a card-carrying suburbanite, complete with a yoga-pants wardrobe, an SUV and garage full of Weed Eaters and hedge trimmers.
Longing to reclaim my inner urbanista, I bamboozled a pal into exploring the downtown Phoenix arts and cultural district with me. On bikes. More specifically, using Grid Bike Share, those acid-green bikes we'd been seeing parked at hubs around the city's central core.
On a sunny Saturday morning we started our car-less urban adventure by parking at the city's free Park-and-Ride facility at Central Avenue and Camelback Road, next to the light-rail station. We decided it would be easier than circling around looking for parking near our chosen bike hub.
Chomping at Bits comes stocked with the best Florida Gators links and news we can find, and some other stuff. Got a link you think we should check out? Email us at AlligatorArmy@gmail.com, subject line CAB, or find us on Twitter at @AlligatorArmy or on Facebook at Facebook.com/AlligatorArmy.
Florida volleyball facing defending national champion Stanford tonight: The Gators are in Final Four competition this evening at approximately 9:00 p.m. The winner of Florida's match with the Cardinal will face the winner of the Nebraska-Penn State match for the NCAA title on Saturday night. (Scott Carter, Florida Gators; Zach Dirlam, Florida Gators)
Five Gators earn AVCA All-American accolades: Only Florida (four) and their Final Four opponent Stanford (five) had more than three individuals named as All-Americans. (Gainesville Sun)
Roster decisions for Dan Mullen: What will Florida's new head coach do when he wants to run the ball in short yardage situations? (David Wunderlich, Gator Country)
New boss in the weight room: On Nick Savage, Florida's new strength and conditioning coach. (Chris Harry, Florida Gators)
"Our guys are going to learn how to be grown men, not only with how they train and prepare for the season, but how they go about their daily lives inside the building and outside of it." -- @_CoachSavage
Story by @GatorsChris: https://t.co/mZY2lQfeSX#GoGators pic.twitter.com/cYqNWxZPif — Gators Football (@GatorsFB) December 13, 2017
Dan Mullen and Todd Grantham visit four-star LB commit David Reese: Reese, who committed to Florida in July, has an older brother who played for Mullen at Mississippi State. (Blake Alderman, 247Sports)
How coaches will approach the new early signing period: College football's first-ever early signing period will be next week, December 20 to 22. Many coaches expect all their commitments to sign early, and the early signing period can pose challenges for new hires. (Bud Elliott, SB Nation)
Top games of the 2017 college football season: Though I'd disagree with some of the choices, or at least their positioning, the Gators' last second win over Tennessee makes the list. (Jake Trotter, ESPN)
#Lions rookie LB Jarrad Davis leads all #NFL rookies in tackles (73) @J_Davis_40
He is also the 1st Lion since Julian Peterson (2009) to have 9+ tackles, a sack & a forced fumble in a game. #OnePride pic.twitter.com/GMLQKDD8TP — Logan Lamorandier (@LLamorandier) December 12, 2017
Have you ever seen an Alligator on ice? ⛸
No, @AlbertaGator has you covered!#ChompKC pic.twitter.com/Ewyp6hqZw5 — Alberta Gator (@Alberta_Gator) December 14, 2017
The comments are yours.
In the wake of any tragedy, there's a natural impulse to wonder: How did this happen? Who was to blame for this? In the week since Christopher Harper-Mercer's execution of nine students at an Oregon community college, the question has become the same: Who is at fault here?
Wedged among the proliferation of dank memes, choruses of copycat threats, violent Pepe .gifs, and cries of “Beta Uprising,” the 4chan forum /r9k/ might be closest to actually having an answer. According to the users, women were to blame for this rampage: If “the sluts” had just given it up to Mercer, he might never have gone on to murder innocent people. As horrible as 4chan may be, this claim is seemingly backed up by Mercer's own words. In the days leading up to the attack, he posted complaints on a number of online forums about being chaste against his wishes. In his rambling manifesto left at the scene of the crime, he reportedly wrote: “I am going to die friendless, girlfriendless, and a virgin.”
Advertisement:
More of The Daily Dot: "The harsh lessons I've learned as a black woman dating online"
Like Elliot Rodger, Mercer's frustration and rage at being a virgin likely contributed to his lashing out at innocent bystanders. But the real issue wasn't that Mercer was a virgin and that this whole thing could have been avoided with a pity-fuck. The problem is that Mercer—like the community that it seems he was a part of—felt that he wasn't a “real” man because of it.
The state of being a man is a compilation of external influences that ultimately define whether someone is a “real” man or not. Guns, sex, and money serve as a sort of holy trinity for traditional masculinity, the tropes by which a supposedly true man is known. When it's stripped down to its toxic core, “what is a man” ends up being defined by how many chicks he can bang, how much ass he can kick, and how much money and “status” he has. Among the people most obsessed with traditional masculinity—your men's rights advocates, your Red Pill enthusiasts, your incels—you'll hear about “alpha” and “beta” males. Alphas presumably rank higher on the violence, sex and status trinity, lording their inherent superiority over their lesser, beta brothers.
Of course, for all the swaggering machismo and bravado of these would-be alphas, their concept of masculinity is so fragile that a trending Twitter hashtag can threaten it. When we define so many aspects of “manhood” as being external to just existing, it means that manhood is something that can be taken away from you at any time. You hear it joked about time and time again—someone needs to hand in his man-card or turn in his testicles because of some perceived violation of man-code.
But underneath the jokes and the ball-busting is a very real fear of losing their credentials as a man. A study from Washington University found that in marriages where women earn more money than their husbands, the husbands were more likely to experience insomnia, depression, and erectile dysfunction. A simple difference in pay stubs is enough to make their mighty swinging members to curl up and pout.
More from The Daily Dot: "Donald Trump is right about the Middle East"
Advertisement:
Similarly, part of being “a man” in the traditional, hyper-masculine sense means being a virile sex machine. A (male) virgin is, thus, an aberration, a mistake, and a pretender who doesn't deserve his penis. The incel boards and forums are full of young men complaining about how they're subhuman, genetic refuse that mistakenly made it off the production line. They live in deep pain and resentment over the fact that they are not men the way they feel like they should be.
And that pain comes with a price.
The more than men believe in the tropes of traditional masculinity and gender roles, the more they feel the pressure to live up to them, and the more pain they feel when they believe they fall short. But they can't express that pain. After all, the traditional masculine man isn't allowed to express pain, weakness, fear, or insecurity. They're expected to be stoic, a silent pillar of strength. Their only acceptable emotion is anger.
When anger is the only emotion you're allowed to feel, what is the quickest, most reliable way to relieve that pain? Violence.
Advertisement:
When one leg of the Masculinity Trinity comes up short, you overcompensate with another. Sex requires social skills and charisma, which can sometimes be hard to come by. Money and status take time to acquire, when you can get them at allin an economy that has all but destroyed upward mobility. But violence? Violence is somethinganyone can do. When you're feeling powerless, then you take that power back—preferably from someone else.
In fact, a study published in the medical journal Injury Prevention documents this phenomenon quite clearly: Men who feel the most male discrepancy stress (that is, who feel the worst about not being manly enough) are also the most likely to have committed violent assaults on others, as well as committing assaults with a weapon.
It shouldn't be a surprise, really. The confluence of violence and manliness is something that is literally sold to us. Fight Club shows us men who are disappointed and angry that the promises of manhood aren't being delivered in the ways that they expect and are told that the way to take control of their destiny is by beating one another into a bloody mess, while audiences nod along in misunderstanding. Gun manufacturers post advertisements featuring loving images of big, erect rifles with the caption: “Consider your man-card reissued.” The message is clear: You may not measure up, but you can buy a substitute to make up for it, chock full of copper-jacketed death sperm.
Advertisement:
Elliot Rodger complained that he wasn't the “alpha” he was meant to be and that he wasn't being given the sex he deserved—so he went and murdered six people and sent 22 more to the hospital. Charles Harper-Mercer felt he couldn't measure up as a man by being a lover, so he decided to show the world just how big his semi-automatic murder penis was.
Mercer was someone who was obsessed with the trappings of masculinity that he felt he couldn't measure up to and lashed out, as statistics show that so many do.
More from The Daily Dot: "How Kik became the king of sketchy messaging apps"
Advertisement:
We need to recognize just how damaging it is to sell the idea of men at their worst—brutish, violent and barely in control of themselves—is the only way to be a “real” man. We've stuck ourselves with a toxic idea of masculinity where you continually have to prove you're a man—being willing to hurt others in order to do so—instead of manhood being something inherent. We need to recognize, accept, and even celebrate the wide variety of masculinity—from virgins to playboys, asexuals to satyrs, from macho to femme, cis men and trans men, gay and straight and everything in between.
The defenders of toxic masculinity love to portray those who don't conform as being unmanly or beta white-knight manginas—sexual quislings who seek to betray their gender because they can't measure up. It's a way of derailing the conversation, to pit people against one another rather than to accept the truth: This form of masculinity has failed us. It doesn't produce men; it produces anger, rage, and pain. It teaches us that the only way to be a man is to aspire to be the worst in us. We can do better. We can be better.
We can free ourselves to be the real men we are meant to be. It's time to be better than we are.
The Kdenlive video editor is simple for beginners, but also powerful enough for those that need to go that extra mile. Distributed under a Free Software license, it is available for GNU/Linux, Mac OS X, and as a live DVD for Windows users.
Kdenlive is a non-linear video editor. This means you can do quite a bit more than just daisy-chain clips one after another. With Kdenlive, you have a series of tracks, some for video, others for audio (see the picture below). You place your clips on those, moving them around, cutting them and inserting effects and transitions from one to another. When you are done, you “render” the result and out of the other end pops your fully edited movie.
The Interface
At the top we have a menu bar, and below that, a toolbar containing icons linked to commonly-used utilities. As we move down, we have two large sections, top and bottom. The top section is divided into 3 panes, from left to right: the Project Bin, which is where you store your base audio and video clips; the Transitions/Effects pane shows what effects and transitions are applied to each clip and their settings; finally you have the Clip/Project Monitor that shows you what an independent clip or the overall project looks like, depending on the tab you choose.
Below that, you have the editor proper. You can drag and drop video clips and audio clips onto the tracks, cut them using the scissors tool (pick it from the toolbar at the bottom right of the editor), move them around with the arrow tool, and so on.
Media
Let's bring some media in and see how things really work. To learn Kdenlive's ropes, if you haven't got any clips of your own, you can grab some of the movies put out by the Blender Foundation, say, Big Buck Bunny, Sintel and, my personal favourite, Tears of Steel. These films are all published under a liberally free license, so you can use them for your experiments and even publish the results without fear of infringing someone's copyright. I downloaded the 720p versions of each movie so all of their resolutions were the same.
Before you load your clips into Kdenlive, set the Profile. Click on Project and then Project Settings in the menu. Kdenlive will open a dialog for you. Choose a profile with the same format (resolution and framerate) you want for your final movie. The clips you use to build your movie should also have a similar format, so, if you are using the clips suggested above, a profile with a 720p screen size and 24 fps (frames per second) is a good choice. This is also plenty good for YouTube videos: it's a nice high-ish resolution, but not too heavy on the megs. Of course, Kdenlive offers many more formats, from old, lo-res VGA resolutions, all the way up to 4K, and everything in between.
Once you have picked the resolution for your project, you can load your clips. You can do this or by dragging and dropping files from your file manager into the Project Bin, or by clicking on the little movie icon in the Project Bin's toolbar and navigating to the files you need.
If you use the little arrow pointing down next to the movie icon, you can also load audio clips (e.g.: music for the soundtrack of your video), still images (JPEGs, PNGs, etc.), and sequences of images Kdenlive can use to build slideshows automatically for you. The menu also has options that allow you to create frames with a solid colour and titles right within Kdenlive.
Editing
Now you have your assets, you can start the editing proper. The easiest way to get started is to simply drag clips and other assets to the tracks in the editor. But, if you only want part of the clip, it may be smarter to use the Clip Monitor to pick what you need.
You do this by selecting the clip in the Project bin and clicking on the Clip Monitor tab in the Clip/Project Monitor panel. Below where the clip is shown, you'll see a timeline with an arrow. Move the arrow to the beginning of the section you need (you can use the play, fast forward/back controls under the timeline for this too) and click on the Set zone start button (it looks this: |< ). Then move the arrow to the end of the section you need and click Set zone end ( >| ). The selected area will show up as a blue segment on the timeline. To move the select area to your editor, click on the viewer in the monitor and drag it unto a free space on a track.
Note that just because you selected a region from your clip, it doesn't mean the rest of the film has disappeared from the segment. Hover your cursor over the beginning or end of the clip you just cut and a pulsating green triangle will appear. Click and drag and you can make the selection longer or shorter.
If you need to separate the audio from a video clip to, say, get rid of it, right-click on the clip, choose “Split audio” and the audio will show up as a separate asset on an audio track. However, both video and audio are still grouped together (yes, you can group assets in the Kdenlive editor just the way you can group shapes in Inkscape). To separate them, select one of the clips in the group, right click and select “Ungroup Clips”. Now you can get rid of the audio clip altogether by clicking on it and hitting [Delete]. You may have to do all this process twice if the video clip has more than one audio track, i.e. is in stereo.
Effects
Effects are applied to single clips, be them video or audio. You can apply an effect by right-clicking on a clip and selecting Add Effect. Effects are non-destructive and stackable. This means you can pile them on one after the other in the Effect Stack tab and activate and de-activate them, and add more or delete them at any moment without affecting the underlying film. Although you can see the effects in the project monitor, they are not really applied until you render the film.
Some effects are simple, in that they affect the whole clip in equal measure. Take the Sepia effect (Add effect > Colour > Sepia): You can modify the degree of… er… “sepianess”, but that's it. Changes will affect all the frames in the clip in the same way.
The Blur effect (Add effect > Blur and hide > Blur), on the other hand, is keyframeable. This means you can set up a frame with certain values for the effect (the first keyframe) and then another one further on with another value (a second keyframe). You can have as many keyframes as you want, so you can have different degrees of blurriness at different points of the clip. Kdenlive also works out the intermediate values for the effect so transitioning from one set of values to another is done smoothly.
A word of warning: Although effects are cool and all, you CAN overdo them. Piling on effects is the newbie equivalent of using a bunch of different and unrelated fonts in a document when you first discover wordprocessing. You may think it looks cool, but it doesn't.
Transitions
Although they are nice and clean, you don't always want to move from one clip to another with a cut. Sometimes, you'll want to fade or dissolve to a new scene. Often you will also want to superimpose images, like a watermark, or a text title, onto your moving images. All these things you achieve with transitions.
Say, for example, you want to superimpose the “The End” title you can see above onto your clip. Make sure your video clip is *not* in the top track, and drag out the title to the track immediately above it. Kdenlive will automatically create an Affine transition so the title's alpha channel (the transparent pixels) are interpreted as transparent by the renderer and the underlying clip shows through.
Transitions show up as yellow rectangles stuck between two tracks with a red title. As with clips, you can pick them up and move them around, grow or shrink them, and copy and paste them to new clips.
The really cool thing is that the Affine transition, just like the Blur effect, is keyframeable. This lets you animate the title, and have it fly in from the left, for example, or spin, or grow, or whatever you need.
Other uses of transitions are precisely to transition from one clip to another. The Slide transition (Add transition > Slide), for example, allows you to slide the clip on top in or out, to transition from or to the clip beneath it. You can choose whether to slide the top clip in from the left, right, top or bottom. You can also decide on the level of transparency of the clip at the beginning and the end of the transition.
Rendering
To create the final movie, you have to “render” it. This means all the clips, along with their effects and transitions, are melded into one video file that a multimedia player (such as VLC), or YouTube can play.
Press the Render button in the toolbar and the render dialogue will pop up. From here you can choose the format, size, quality and destination (as in where you want to store the movie file on your hard disk) of your film. You can also choose to Render to a File or Generate Script.
Rendering to a file does what it says on the box: Press it, wait a while as the fan on your laptop goes crazy. At the end of the process, voila: your movie is made.
Generating a script, however is far more interesting for large projects. Kdenlive is not only an editor, but it also comes with an independent renderer component, a component you can install by itself on a headless server, or even a render farm.
When you generate a script Kdenlive creates two files, an executable .sh script, and a .mlt script that contains instructions for the renderer. Ship those two bits off with your assets to the server, and let it do the work.
What Kdenlive is missing in the above scenario is a package option, an option that would automatically create a directory or an archive file (a tar or zip file) containing all the assets correctly linked up to the project. Currently you have to do the “packaging” yourself, i.e., you have to copy stuff by hand and relink them within the Kdenlive project.
Despite this shortcoming, the Generate Script option is still immensely useful.
As pointed out by Peter below, Kdenlive does have packaging capabilities. When you are done with your project, you can go to Project > Archive and select to create a tar archive or a compressed tar to save your work. You can then transport the archive file between installations. Kdenlive can open both an uncompressed and a compressed tar file directly.
Conclusion
Since I am not a professional videographer, it is hard for me to evaluate how far Kdenlive is along the line separating a “Tool for amateurs” from “The kind of application George Miller would use to cut the next Mad Max”. However, may I dare postulate that Kdenlive will probably satisfy 90% of the needs of 90% of the users 90% of the time? It is that good. And for the remaining 10% of 10% of 10%, you have other tools. As with the Free Software graphic suite made up by Inkscape, GIMP and Krita, different apps solve different problems. The developers gradually include filters and plugins so they can all work together.
One of Kdenlive's main advantages is that it is simple and intuitive, while not being underpowered. Also many of the stability issues have been solved and it doesn't crash half as much as it used to. This alone makes it preferable to the theoretically much more powerful, but mercurial Cinelerra. It is also substantially more complete and more feature-rich than OpenShot, its other contender on the other end of the spectrum.
I did say above Kdenlive is stable. Stability, however, is a relative term in complex programs like these, so remember good practices! Save your project as soon as you start and hit [Ctrl]+[S] often, at least once after every major change. But, then again, this is something you should do with every creative program you use anyway.
Cover Image: Old movie projector by Jean Scheijen for FreeImages.com
A Los Angeles Fire Department captain was off-duty when he died on Sunday, officials said.
Officials announced the death of LAFD Capt. II Keith Stewart on Tuesday morning via Twitter saying “his loss will be felt throughout the LAFD.”
LAFD spokeswoman Margaret Stewart, who said she is not related to the captain, said he was an active member of the fire department but was off-duty when the death occurred.
Stewart declined to give more information on the death and said any information on services would be up to the family.
“With 24 years of service, he was a leader, mentor and friend to so many #RIP #Wehaveitfromhere,” the fire department wrote on its @LAFDtalk Twitter account.
LAFD Capt. Branden Silverman said Stewart was a “great guy” who always had a smile on his face.
He was “just a fun guy to be around,” said Silverman, who worked many overtime shifts under him. “He took care of his crews.”
The #LAFD is deeply saddened to announce the #ActiveDutyDeath (off-duty) of Captain II Keith Stewart Captain Stewart passed on 12.10.17 and his loss will be felt throughout the LAFD With 24 years of service, he was a leader, mentor and friend to so many #RIP #Wehaveitfromhere pic.twitter.com/yf2Y6PEBmw — LAFD Talk (@LAFDtalk) December 12, 2017
According to Stewart's Linkedin page, he lists West Covina as a residence. He has been a Captain II since Aug. 2014, or for three years and five months, according to the site.
Additionally, Stewart was a Captain I from November 2005 until August 2014.
He lists two certifications on the Linkedin page of hazmat specialist and hazmat technician.
His interests, he writes, include the city of Los Angeles, the Fire Hogs Motorcycle Club and Professionals in Emergency Management.
Supposing there was justice for all, after all? For every unheeded beggar, every harsh word, every neglected duty, every slight…every choice…Because that was the point, wasn't it? You had to choose. You might be right, you might be wrong, but you had to choose, knowing that the rightness or wrongness might never be clear or even that you were deciding between two sorts of wrong, that there was no right anywhere. And always, always, you did it by yourself.
It's a sad time in the Discworld, because with this book we wave goodbye to the Witches of Lancre. Not forever, with cameos in the forthcoming Tiffany Aching novels to follow, but Carpe Jugulum marks the last time Granny, Nanny and Magrat squabble their way into defeating whatever evil is invading the Discworld.
Maskerade, the last Witches' novel, was all about hidden selves, that gap between who we are to other people and the person we fear we are underneath. Carpe Jugulum is also about duality so it is somewhat amusing that I am in two minds about this novel. Amusing to me anyway.
There's a mixed blessing in reading a series of books with recurring characters and that's one of attachment. On the positive, you build a relationship with certain protagonists – I am pleased when I lift up the next book and find it features Vimes or Weatherwax. On the other hand, you start thinking you *know* the characters and want certain things to happen to them.
Take what I wrote two weeks ago about Jingo. I felt the character of 71 Hour Ahmed was a waste as he seemed to be a perfect foil for Vimes but they were never really given a sufficient opportunity to battle one another. That's not a valid criticism – I'm annoyed because something I felt should happen didn't.
And that's an issue with fandom, something which is full of invention and passion, spanning cosplay, fan-fiction, internet groups or densely packed conventions. That attachment to a series, an author, or group of characters means you (and I include myself in this) can be that bit more demanding. Or lack perspective.
(As an aside, Neil Gaiman is brilliant about this in his famous defence of George RR Martin and the relationship between fans and authors)
This is my long-winded way of saying that I am several days on from finishing Carpe Jugulum and I still can't quite work out what I think. I'm not sure whether the problem is me, or the book. Taken independently, Carpe Jugulum is a strong, chilling, comic thriller, pushing the reader into thinking in ways they never expected to when they picked up a novel about vampires.
But I'm finding it difficult to take it on its own merits. It's clear that Carpe Jugulum is better than most of the first 10 Discworld novels, Pyramids aside. It's funnier and more intellectually deft – Pratchett has a much greater control over his writing at this stage in his career. But the novel's retread of Lords and Ladies and thematic similarities to Small Gods mean it is hard to judge the book on its own.
The whole point of this bloody thing is to do so, so let's try and get some thoughts down and work out where I stand, shall we?
Maskerade opened with Nanny trying to inject some fun into the life of a very depressed Granny. It turns out the satisfaction of tearing through a murder mystery set in an opera house was shortlived as Granny decides to leave Lancre for good, after not being invited to the christening of Magrat's child with the King of Lancre. The invite was pinched by magpies – no-one is so suicidal not to invite the most terrifying person in all of the Discworld to something.
Granny's disappearance comes at the worst time (who knew, eh?) as vampires from nearby Uberwald decide to overstay their invitation and take over the kingdom. Can Nanny, Magrat and Agnes, the operatic latest addition to the coven, find Granny and save the kingdom, with the help of a priest of Om?
Well clearly they can.
An interesting aspect of Pratchett's fiction is his ability to let things go. I've touched on this before. Rather than taking more time and reducing the still mind-boggling publication rate of two books a year, he ploughs on through, with anything interesting returned to at a later date. This is by no means a criticism. The Discworld's consistency in quality is terrifying. I genuinely don't know how he was capable of having two books published a year up until recently and almost all of them at a very good standard at worst. Apart from Soul Music. It's a bit rubbish.
There are some neat seeds in this novel that show where the Discworld series is going. It was published towards the end of the 1990s, with the UK under the modernising brio of Tony Blair's New Labour government. There's not an explicit political satire within the novel but Pratchett does give signs that the world is changing. Verence, the king of Lancre, is trying to improve his kingdom, to the ambivalence of his subjects. Lancastrians never threw away anything that worked. The trouble was they seldom changed anything that worked either…His plans for better irrigation and agriculture were warmly applauded by the people from Lancre, who then did nothing about them.
The invading vampires are also modernisers, in their push to enter the daylight and move away from traditions. These traditions mainly comprise ‘things that can kill them' but Pratchett has a lot of fun messing around with vampire tropes, whether it's how they rebel by giving themselves ‘normal' names, or their attempts to drink wine over blood. I saw on the internet that the attempt to kill the vampires with garlic canapes at the beginning gives us the divine pun ‘Buffet The Vampire Slayer'. I wish I could have spotted that first time around.
Another area where they have abandoned tradition is in their role as evil villains. While they do invade Lancre, they appear to want to do so with a surprising lack of bloodshed for a vampire family, instead using hypnotism. Things get ugly when the Witches decide to fight back and it's only when the Magpyr family revert to tradition at the end of the novel that things get truly gothic.
The changing Discworld will be explored more in the next Discworld novel, The Fifth Elephant, and the forthcoming ‘Industrial Revolution' novels. It's an extension of Pratchett's deeply held belief that you should keep questioning why things are the way they are and whether they can, and should, be improved.
Mighty Oats, the Omnian priest, is another questioning soul, going through a crisis of faith. What he realises through the novel, in his relationship with Granny, is that what he is experiencing is not a failure of religion, it's a failure of being human:
‘Being human means judgin' all the time,' said the voice behind him. ‘This and that, good and bad, making choices every day…that's human.
‘And are you so sure you make the right decisions?'
‘No. But I do the best I can.'
He's a spiritual brother of Small Gods' Brutha, who questioned the then fire and brimstone nature of Omnian faith centuries ago, drawing up the religion that Oats follows today. But questioning should never end. Just because Brutha was one of the most intelligent, thoughtful and complex characters Pratchett has ever written doesn't mean he is an absolute. It wasn't that he lacked faith. But faith wasn't enough. He wanted knowledge.
It is the duality of Oats's personality, which helps him stay beyond the vampires' clutches. The same goes for Agnes, whose alter-ego Perdita can't help emerging to the surface. There's a neat sliver of the future in the pages of the novel with Agnes once she lets Perdita take over her body. Pratchett makes a Tomb Raider reference in how Perdita does a handstand upon pulling herself up onto a bridge. Like so. Some years later, his daughter Rihanna was involved in writing the excellent Tomb Raider reboot. *cue X-Files music*
It's Granny's confronting of her dark self, and overcoming it, which forms the backbone of the novel. Since they were first written into the Discworld, Pratchett has made clear how witches help bring people into life and steer them towards what is next, sometimes with a helping hand. He has hinted at the psychological toll this would have upon someone in the previous Witches' books but it's explicit here:
One of the things a witch did was stand right on the edge, where the decisions had to be made. You made them so that others didn't have to, so that others could even pretend to themselves that there were no decisions to be made, no little secrets, that things just happened.
Granny's fear is that she's evil, the Wicked Witch is just under the surface, just like her sister and her Granny Alison. When she is bitten by the vampires, she confronts the wickedness inside her, for good. I know you. I've always known you….I've fought you every day of my life and you'll get no victory now.
Here is where the difficulty at the centre of the novel is for me. Both Lords and Ladies and Small Gods relied on the importance of questioning, particularly of one's self. Lords and Ladies had a brilliantly satisfying dramatic pay-off because after three novels of Magrat as a whipping girl, she overcomes the worst of herself. It's a great character moment. Small Gods is, well, just read what I wrote about it if you haven't already.
My point is that we have been here before. The pay-off here is clever – by trying to convert Granny into a vampire, the undead have been ‘Weatherwaxed' and are weakened (and crave tea) – but there was a lack of dramatic hefts for me, which may be why I banged on about the drawbacks of reading books as a series above. I have seen Granny confront her dark self – that was how Witches Abroad ended. One other disadvantage is Pratchett writes a killer false finale midway through the book, where Granny tries to confront the vampires and fails, leading to the infamous feeding. The actual final act is nowhere near as dramatic and the comic take on the vampires does not have the icy threat of the elves in Lords and Ladies.
Opinion about Carpe Jugulum online appears to be split, albeit with a bias towards ‘it's great'. That's some comfort that I am not the only one to have had issues with the novel. It reminds me of when I was reading Soul Music and Interesting Times; where it felt like Pratchett was working out ‘what comes next' on the page, before the series kicked back in with Maskerade.
There are several concepts and themes that become more important as the series continues. Along with the modernisation of the Discworld, the Nac Mac Feegle make a (poor IMO) first appearance and will have greater import in the Aching novels. Carpe Jugulum is a good book – it sits along the likes of Moving Pictures and Reaper Man – but its retread of better Discworld novels is a negative. I'd give someone Small Gods or Lords and Ladies before handing them this. What is clear is Pratchett is wanting to move Discworld forward again. The next book, The Fifth Elephant, gives us an idea of where. See you next week.
Advertisements
A Malden man was arrested and charged with class D drug distribution in Charlestown last month, after police followed up on a Boston Craigslist ad blatantly offering "purple" marijuana for sale on the popular listings site.
Police arrested Andrew Maxwell of 22 Clayton St. after arranging a phony drug deal behind the on Austin Street.
According to a police report, an officer exchanged several emails with Maxwell before agreeing to buy a "slice" - or one-eighth of an ounce - behind the 99 on March 26. The officer then exchanged a number of text messages with Maxwell before meeting him in the parking lot.
Once in the vehicle, the officer allegedly handed over $60 of cash and received a bag of what he believed to be marijuana.
The officer then left the vehicle and told his colleagues he had made the buy. Maxwell drove out of the parking lot before an officer stopped him on Rutherford Avenue.
After being arrested, Maxwell allegedly told officers "I have weed in the car."
Officers said they recovered a large plastic bag of marijuana, in addition to a digital scale from the vehicle's center console.
Officers also said they recovered a small zipper bag containing marijuana from Maxwell's jeans pocket.
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
French government broadcaster France24 claims President Macron's offer of fifty grants is luring climate scientists away from the US to work in France.
US researchers flock to join Macron's climate change project The Latest update : 2017-12-13 Eighteen climate scientists, 13 of them based in the United States, were on Monday named the first beneficiaries of the research grants linked to French President Macron's “Make Our Planet Great Again” project, which will see them relocate to France. “The selected projects are of very high standards and deal with issues that are particularly important,” the jury said in a statement, noting its members had received a total of 1,822 applications, of which 1,123 came from the US. A second round of laureates will be announced “during the course of the spring of 2018”, it said. Thank you for your answer to this first call, your decision to move and come to Paris. Here you have a hub to do more. pic.twitter.com/TFoGRLG5J8 — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) December 11, 2017 In all, a total of 50 research grants will be handed out, lasting a minimum of three years and worth between €1 million and €1.5 million each. Among Monday's 18 laureates were senior researchers from prestigious US universities, including Venkatramani Balaji from Princeton, Nuria Teixido from Stanford University and Louis Derry from Cornell University. Although the vast majority of the laureates are currently based in the US, they also include researchers from Canada, India, Italy, Poland and Spain. …
Read more: http://www.france24.com/en/20171211-climate-france-macron-paris-accord-planet-great-again-us-researchers-grants-trump
I don't believe most climate research and government sponsored energy projects yield sufficient benefit to justify public funding, but it is possible to oppose public funding, yet still feel sorry for people who are about to lose their jobs.
If France is happy to step into the breach, who are we to argue? The French people set their own priorities. I'm glad US climate scientists on the brink of losing their funding have other options.
US climate scientists worried about their financial future should accept the generous French offer before the offer is withdrawn, or the French grant quota is filled.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
After being rendered useless to Wall Street, some stock traders now don't care what happens to Hillary Clinton.
MSNBC reports as Hillary was giving her concession speech across town, some traders shouted “lock her up” on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
As Clinton mingled with donors and staffers after her speech at the New Yorker hotel on Wednesday, Tamron Hall said, “My colleague Carl Quintanilla — I'm reading this and — on the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange, according to Carl Quintanilla, people were booing, shouting lock her up.
Traders on @NYSE floor booing Kaine/Clinton appearance, shouting "lock her up." — Carl Quintanilla (@carlquintanilla) November 9, 2016
“These are the Wall Street people, some individuals, I mean, we know it wasn't the entire room, but it was enough that Carl Quintanilla, a responsible journalist — this is what was happening,” Hall said, seemingly unable to put her thoughts into words.
The SEC is taking a very close look at all exchange-traded funds, and they might impose “enhanced attention” rules. Tightened regulation of funds could be on the horizon, which, if this proposal is approved, could end up affecting all Bitcoin ETFs on the market today.
SEC Chairwoman Focuses on ETFs
According to SEC Chairwoman Mary Jo White, “recent events” are forcing the hand of the institution to potentially impose stricter regulation on the popular funds. In most cases, this will affect stock and bonds trading, but it may very well extend well beyond the scope of traditional finance, and include cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
This decision was announced during Friday's meeting, as the number of exchange-traded funds has quadrupled over the past ten years. With over US$2 trillion in net assets tied up in these funds, stricter regulation of these platforms seems justified, according to the SEC. However, no details were revealed as to how these changes would look, or when they will be implemented.
It is not the first time the SEC is taking a closer look at exchange-traded funds, as they announced a more thorough investigation of these investment vehicles in January of 2016. Although all of these funds have been quite lucrative and popular in their own right, they are “not without some turbulence”, according to White.
A study has been conducted regarding the role of market makers in operating and trading ETFs over the past few years, as well as investors' understanding of these vehicles. While this study was not invasive by any means, the ETF market has felt the pressure since December of last year. At that time, the SEC had announced their decision to clamp down on how investment funds use derivatives. If this were to take place, some ETFs might have to be removed from the exchanges.
The most worrying part about these pending restrictions is how every ETF would have to comply with a portfolio limitation. This would not be beneficial to some of the most popular funds traded on an exchange, and Bitcoin ETFs may find themselves among the victims of this proposal in the long run. However, for now, this only remains a proposal, rather than a foregone conclusion.
Source: Reuters
Header image courtesy of NewsBTC
If the U.S. healthcare system were a country, it would rank 13th in the world for greenhouse gas emissions, according to new research. The study, published June 9 in PLOS ONE, quantified previously unreported environmental and public health impacts of the nation's healthcare sector.
The U.S. healthcare system, the most expensive in the world, uses vast amounts of energy in the form of heating, electricity, and energy-intensive goods and services. It has been estimated that the healthcare sector contributes 8% of the nation's greenhouse gas emissions. Yet emissions of other pollutants from the healthcare sector, and their impact on the public health, have not been reported.
To investigate the impacts, Yale's Dr. Jodi Sherman, and first author Matthew Eckelman of Northeastern University first used an economic model based on federal data to calculate total emissions of different pollutants produced by the healthcare sector over a 10-year period, drawing on national health expenditure data. They analyzed direct emissions from hospitals and clinician's offices, as well as indirect emissions generated by the sector's suppliers of energy, goods, and services.
The researchers then linked the healthcare-related emissions to specific environmental and health outcomes, including global warming; ozone depletion; respiratory disease from air pollutants; cancer from chemical exposure; and the environmental effects of acid rain, among others.
Among their findings, the researchers estimated that greenhouse gas emissions from the healthcare sector grew 30% over the past decade, accounting for 9.8% of the national total in 2013. Were it a country, the sector would rank “ahead of the entire United Kingdom” in emissions, said Sherman.
The research team also reported significant national percentages of non-greenhouse gas effects attributable to the healthcare sector, including acidification (12%), smog formation (10%), and respiratory disease from particulate matter (9%).
“It's a big contributor to our nation's environmental impacts,” said Eckelman, “commensurate with its economic impacts.”
In addition, the researchers calculated the public health impact of healthcare emissions. For the year 2013, they estimated health damages from the pollutants at 470,000 “disability adjusted life years” (DALYs) — a measure of years lost due to ill health, disability, or early death.
That health burden, the researchers said, is comparable to lives lost each year to preventable medical errors first reported by the Institute of Medicine in 1999, sparking national attention on patient safety. “It's on the same order of magnitude, and we ought to pay attention to it,” Sherman noted.
Also detailed in the study are recent efforts to “green” the healthcare system, such as the Healthier Hospitals Initiative. These initiatives, designed to make the healthcare sector more sustainable and reduce pollution, can also improve public health and patient safety, the researchers said.
“While some pollution is currently inevitable in our efforts to safely care for patients, there is a tremendous amount of waste in our healthcare system,” said Sherman. “People are trying to reduce waste from a cost perspective. But there is a public health perspective as well that is important. Protecting public health is also an issue of patient safety.”
The study was supported by the Anesthesia Patient Safety Foundation and Northeastern University.
Everyone knows that prison inmates have a lot of time on their hands, but I never knew they had so much time to come up with these innovative (and rather evil) ideas. Seriously, I could see making a grill and a couple of weapons, but a radio transmitter and guns? Like how in the…?
Radio transmitter…
Double barrel pistol…
Tattooing machine…
A grill in a tin can…
A whip (ouch!)…
A grill or burner…
Eating utensils…
A shaving tool…
Weapons from a pencil sharpener and a couple lighters…
Various “shivs…”
More weapons…
A cell phone snuck in a sandal…
A pistol
A machete…
Even more weapons…
A ladder…
A mace…
A saw…
A FREAKING shotgun…
Wow! This makes me want to never break a traffic law, never screw up on my taxes, and NEVER end up in prison. These inmates be crazy!
Source
One mark of professionally set type is the proper use of hyphens, en dashes, and em dashes. Each is a different length and has its own usage. Put your best foot forward in your online and in-print documents by learning when and how to use en dashes (–), em dashes (—) and hyphens (-).
When to Use a Hyphen
Hyphens join words, such as "state-of-the-art" or "son-in-law," and they separate characters in phone numbers like 123-555-0123. Hyphenation indicates there is a relationship between individual words, most commonly compound adjectives, which are two or more words that together make an adjective.
When the words come directly before a noun, they are hyphenated; when they come after the noun they are not. For example, a client may offer a long-term project or he may offer a project that is long term. The hyphen is easy to find on computer keyboards. It sits right up there next to the zero key. This mark is used as a hyphen and as a minus sign.
The Difference Between En and Em Dashes
En and em dashes are both longer than hyphens. The size of the en and em dashes is roughly equivalent to the width of the N and M, respectively, for the typeface in which they are used. In 12-point type, the en dash is about 6 points long, which is half the em dash, and the em dash is about 12 points, which matches the point size. (The measurement term "points" is used in typesetting. An inch equals 72 points.)
When and How to Use an En Dash
En dashes are primarily for showing duration or range as in 9:00–5:00 or March 15–31. There's no key on your keyboard for an en dash, but you can create one by using the keyboard shortcut Option-hyphen on a Mac or ALT-0150 in Windows, in which you hold down the ALT key and type 0150 on the numeric keypad. If you work with web pages, create an en dash in HTML by typing – or use the Unicode numeric entity of alt + 0150 (with no spaces).
When and How to Use an Em Dash
Use an em dash to set apart a clause in a sentence, similar to how you use a parenthetical phrase (like this). The versatile em dash can also be used to add a strong break in the middle of a sentence or to emphasize the content between the dashes. For example, her best friends — Rachel, Joey, and Scarlett — took her to dinner.
Now that they own a piece of music history, Daniel and Sharla Horton have two concerns: protecting its legacy and trying not to annoy the neighbors with a bright blue "hippie bus" in their driveway.
The Hortons, who live near Huntsville in Harvest, are the proud new owners of the Roo Bus, which is parked annually at the Bonnaroo Musical Festival in Manchester, Tenn., and signed by attendees. The four-day event is attended by as many as 80,000 people each June.
The bus, previously owned by Bob and Tammy Wilson of Manchester, is not an official part of the festival but after its appearance for more than 10 years of the 15-year-old festival, it was a familiar and beloved site. Festival organizers have featured the bus on a pack of souvenir playing cards and it has been painted on walls inside the farm where the festival is held, Daniel said. It even has its own Twitter and Instagram accounts, and Facebook page.
"We consider ourselves to be caretakers of the bus, as well as being owners, as it's very iconic and beloved at Bonnaroo," he said.
The Hortons paid $3,500 for the bus, which was being auctioned on eBay. Daniel knew of the auction because he and his "Roo Crew," a name given to groups of friends who regularly attend the festival together, befriended the Wilsons at the June festival.
I've never been to paradise, but I've been to Bonnaroo ... have you? (Column by Kelly Kazek) What you are about to read is a cautionary tale, the story of a middle-aged woman who attended an outdoor music festival rivaling Woodstock and, against all odds, not only survived but actually managed to remember most of it.
"Our group met the original owners of the bus at the last Bonnaroo this past June when we were parked next to them," he said. "They showed us around and we had a great time hanging out with them over the weekend. We kept in touch over Facebook and found that they'd decided to move to Florida and were selling a lot of things, including the bus, on eBay. Sharla put a ridiculously low bid on it as a joke, and we'd played around and said we'd sell our old RV and keep the bus if we happened to win. Turns out, we did."
Daniel said he and Sharla think of their group of friends as co-owners of the bus. "It's important to us that we pass on something to the next generation, so it tickles us to death to see them (their Roo Crew) loving it too," he said.
Five years ago, the Hortons didn't know much about the festival, which has been named a top music event by publications such as GQ Magazine, Spin and The New York Times, and was listed by Rolling Stone on a list of "50 Moments That Changed Rock & Roll."
The couple decided to change their oversight in 2012 and headed to the farm, which is about a 90-minute drive from Huntsville.
"We've been to the past five Bonnaroos in a row ... After then, we were kicking ourselves for not going sooner. Sharla and I have come to adore it there, not just for the music but for the vacation to another universe and for the amazing company of 70,000-plus new friends."
Festival attendees have enjoyed signing the bus, sometimes leaving names and sometimes words of wisdom.
"We're not sure how many signatures are on it, but I'd probably guess at least a several hundred from people all over the country and the world," Daniel said. "We're still discovering many of them, both on the outside of the bus and the inside."
The couple intends to change very little about the bus.
"We recognize that we now own something that thousands of other people have had a part in," Daniel said. "We're taking it very seriously and not changing much of it at all and will continue to take it to every Bonnaroo as long as we're able."
On Wednesday, John F Kelly, the head of the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the department tasked with implementing President Donald Trump's immigration policy, laid out the administration's vision before Congress. It included increasing vetting procedures for foreign nationals and, most pressingly, according to the newly appointed Kelly, fixing the "gaping wound" he considers to be the US-Mexico border.
"The security challenges facing DHS and our nation are considerable, particularly along the southern border," said Kelly, a former head of the US forces in Latin America.
OPINION: What's behind the Great Wall of America?
The retired four-star Marine General framed the issue of immigration and the US-Mexico border as the foremost national security issue.
"Our vigorous response to these threats must include increased border security infrastructure, personnel, and technology," said Kelly, in line with Trump's directives to boost border security, open new detention centres, and authorise state and local law enforcement officers to act as immigration officers.
WATCH: Walls of Shame - The US-Mexico Border Wall
Referring to the support for Trump's policies within the Republican-dominated House, Congressman Michael McCaul, the chairman of the House Committee of Homeland Security, said: "I think for the first time we have the political will to get something done."
Another Republican Congressman, Scott Perry, spoke of "less secure" borders during the previous administration. "… Immigration agents could literally be fired for enforcing immigration laws," he said.
But the claim that the Obama administration was soft on immigrants is far from true. Nearly 2.5 million people were deported between 2005 and 2015. Obama expanded immigration enforcement personnel and deported more undocumented immigrants than any other administration in history.
OPINION: Mexico needs to stop accommodating Trump
Voices from the border
The rhetoric from the GOP and the new administration on immigrants have heightened concerns - long held by border residents and rights activists - about the effect of the proposed increased militarisation of their communities and continuation of an immigration policy that is viewed almost entirely through the lens of national security.
"That narrative that the borderlands are out of control, that it's a national security threat, that the only way to address the border question is through military might, is both shameful and misguided," said Christian Ramirez, the director of the Southern Border Communities Coalition (SBCC).
"We believe in security. But the biggest concern is that security cannot come at the expense of people's dignity and rights," said Ramirez, highlighting the proliferation of internal immigration checkpoints, mass surveillance and little oversight or accountability for immigration enforcement officials.
"Living in border communities, we see the border wall to be as much a signal of racial and ethnic bias against our communities as it is an infrastructure policy," said Brian Erickson, a border policy strategist at the American Civil Liberties Union.
He sad that the "aggressive policing agenda will result in widespread civil rights violations, dragnet surveillance and harassment of border residents".
Erickson pointed towards the legacy of abuses by law enforcement within the 100-mile border zone, where immigration enforcement officials are given extraordinary powers to search, detain and operate checkpoints.
SBCC, along with the American Immigration Council, organised a telephonic briefing of "borderland stakeholders" a day before the DHS hearing to raise the voices of those most affected by these policies.
It included people from each of the southern border states. One of them was a border patrol checkpoint expert named Jorge Rodriguez, who has lived his whole life in the 100-mile border zone and says he has had his daily life affected by the extraordinary powers granted to Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the largest police force in the nation.
"As a young Mexican-American male I am suspicious. I don't have the ability to be unsuspicious. I exist as a marked body," said Rodriguez, who says he has experienced harassment and racial profiling since he was a student.
"How useful are rights if exercising them leads to abuse?" he asked, addressing the teleconference.
The experiences described by Rodriguez are born out of the extra-constitutional powers given to CBP, a law enforcement agency that Trump's executive order proposes to expand by 5,000 agents.
The Fourth Amendment of the US Constitution protects Americans from random and arbitrary stops and searches. But border patrol - unlike all other law enforcement agencies - has the "the authority to interrogate anyone they think are aliens, search any vehicles in the 100-mile [zone], and within 25 miles of [the] border they are able to enter on to private property all without a warrant or even reasonable suspicion," said Andrea Guerrero, the executive director of Alliance San Diego in California and co-chair of the Southern Border Communities Coalition.
Lived realities
The purpose of the teleconference, according to Ramirez, was to highlight these lived realities and provide the perspectives that are rarely taken into account by policymakers in Washington DC.
He said roughly $20bn is spent on border enforcement each year, even as the border communities most affected remain some of the poorest in the nation. "These realities are rarely mentioned on Capitol Hill [the seat of US power]."
While the Republican-led committee largely voiced support for Trump's executive orders, there were a few at the hearing who countered the rhetoric on immigration.
"You call it the gaping wound," said Congressman Jose Luis "Lou" Correa, the California representative, referring to Kelly's statement. "[But] right now immigration from Mexico is at all-time lows."
The number of people living illegally in the country has dropped below 2005 levels, he added.
The Listening Post: The media, Muslims and Trump's travel ban
Others questioned the representation of immigrants and of border communities as places of violence and crime - claims made by a number of congressmen during the hearing and throughout Trump's election campaign.
"The claims of lawlessness and rampant violence in our border communities is just wrong," said Eddie Trevino, a county judge from Texas and a witness during the hearing's second panel.
"It is nothing more than an attempt to paint it as something that it is not in order to support the misguided rhetoric against border communities, Mexican people and immigrants both legal and undocumented," said Trevino.
"The border wall concept is ineffective and creates a false sense of security," Trevino added. "It is utilising a 14th-century solution to address a 21st-century problem."
Conflating immigration and security
Unfazed by any criticism, the Trump administration has gone ahead with pushing immigration as a paramount security issue.
"One thing that Trump is effective at, is conflating refugees and immigration as above all else a national security issue," said Kevin Appleby of the New York-based Center for Migration Studies.
"These executive orders are using security as a smokescreen to simply reduce immigration and refugees and to justify mass deportation."
The only thing more awe inspiring than Rick Allen's physical recovery from a car accident that left him with one arm is the way that the Def Leppard drummer overcame immeasurable mental anguish in order to return to the stage on Aug. 16, 1986 . Allen never allowed himself the time to roll around in self-pity. Today, he is trying to teach others -- including wounded war veterans -- how to overcome the obstacles along their path to recovery.
It happened on New Year's Eve, 1984. Allen was speeding along a country road near Sheffield, England. He misjudged an approaching turn and drove his Corvette through a stone wall into a field. The car flipped several times, eventually ejecting him from the driver's seat. Allen and his girlfriend were wearing seat belts, but he says that his wasn't properly fastened.
"I left the car and landed in a field, and I think my arm was left in the car," Allen told the BBC's ' Fighting Back ' in 1992. He doesn't remember any of this; shock has a way of protecting a man from flashbacks. Ironically, going into shock may have saved his life as he says it prevented massive blood loss. A midwife who lived nearby was amongst the first to arrive on the scene, and she packed his arm in ice.
Doctors reattached the left arm, but it had to be removed after gangrene set in. Allen says he was never stung with the sudden realization that he wouldn't drum again. "My mind and my body let me in on this whole thing very gradually," he says. "It wasn't something that just hit me, 'Oh, my arm's gone.' It was over a two or three-week period that I actually realized that the whole thing was gone."
His brother brought a stereo into his hospital room to lift his spirits. At first, this gesture backfired. The music was only a reminder of what he'd once been able to do. Allen joined Def Leppard at age 15, and now, six years later, sat facing uncertainty at best. One arm was gone; the other was badly broken. The self-defeatism didn't last long.
"In order to keep me from sliding down the bed they put this huge piece of foam at the bottom of the bed, which I could sort of press my feet on and push myself up if I needed to," Allen said. "After listening to music for a few days, I realized I could still play quite a lot of the parts from some of my favorite songs just using my feet."
He continued, "I think that's one of the things that really helped me is I didn't give myself very much downtime. I never gave myself any sort of time to 'recover.' From a mental point of view, I thought it was because I threw myself straight back into work again. And from a work point of view, yeah, I was proving to the rest of the guys in the band that I could do it."
Twenty months later, Rick Allen took the stage for the first time since the accident. There was no easing back into the routine. His first gig was at the 'Monsters of Rock' festival at Castle Donington. The crowd welcomed him back with an enthusiasm that throughout the years has caused him to tear up. Perhaps frontman Joe Elliot best sums up what Allen has accomplished.
"Most of the time, I've got my back to him, so consequently I'm only ever hearing him," he said in a band promotional video. "And I forget. He does a great job. And one arm, three arms, two arms, who cares you know?"
"You can't really consult the book of one-armed drummers you know," Allen says in the same interview. In an interview with Ultimate Classic Rock, he admits his style changed dramatically. "[it's] a little more deliberate. My left leg is not as accurate as my left hand but over the years, the learning curve has pushed me in a direction that is really cool. I think these days, what I've really emphasized is celebrating my uniqueness and the fact that I can do things that other people can't necessarily do."
Clearly the comeback worked. The ' Hysteria ' album the band was working on pre-crash went on to sell over 20 million copies worldwide. More importantly, Allen discovered the seeds for a dramatic transformation were sown. In 2005, he told Beliefnet.com , "I felt as though I went to a place where I was on hold, and I was weighing out the pros and cons of staying or going. It wasn't a painful experience or anything like that. It was actually the most clear thing that I can perceive. It was a group decision made by the universal consciousness."
There were years of drugs and other forms of self-medication before he accepted this spirituality and remarried 10 years ago. Around that time, he also started the Raven Drum Foundation , a nonprofit that works to inspire others through their time of tragedy and hopelessness. The foundation has worked closely with wounded military members, and offers free tickets to every Def Leppard show.
You Think You Know Def Leppard?
Connecting a Haskell Backend to a PureScript Frontend
First published: July 20, 2017
by Javier Casas Velasco
tags: purescript, haskell, web
Tested with:
Introduction
At Stack Builders we are working on a full-stack app with CollegeVine using Functional Languages. We have a Haskell backend written in Servant that manipulates the database and offers some endpoints to a PureScript frontend, that does all the React-like magic to show a really nice interface on the user's browser. It's great because we have advanced types, purity and all the awesome benefits that the Functional World offers. But not everything is perfect.
Motivation
The problem is that we have two different codebases: one in Haskell and the other in PureScript. The syntax is almost the same, but not exactly the same. For example, in Haskell we do:
{-# LANGUAGE DeriveGeneric #-} data Blah = Blah { bFoos :: [ Foo ] } deriving ( Generic )
Whereas if we want to get a Generic instance for my Blah type, in PureScript we have to do:
data Blah = Blah { bFoos :: Array Foo } derive instance genericBlah :: Generic Blah
It's almost the same, but I bet you a penny that Haskell will not accept that derive instance declaration. Also, in PureScript we import typeclasses using import MyModule (class MyClass) , and we initialize records with Constructor {field : value} , whereas in Haskell it's import MyModule (MyClass) and Constructor {field = vale} . Tiny, but huge differences.
At the end of the day, that means we can't directly share files. So we have types that describe the entities in the backend, and we have the same types that describe the same entities in the frontend, in different files. And every now and then, the backend team changes something on the backend types, but forgets to change it on the frontend types. Suddenly we start to get the dreaded runtime errors, because the frontend is no longer able to decode the data sent from the backend, because that data no longer conforms to the standard the frontend expects.
Ideally, we would separate the common types to some files, and use these files in the backend and the frontend. Then, the frontend inevitably follows the changes in types from the backend, and refuses to compile if the change is too big and a developer has to look at it. But, again, Haskell code is almost like PureScript code, but not completely compatible. So this is not possible.
The next best thing
Well, if we can't use the same files, we have to look for something not that far from that ideal world. If we can somehow automatically generate PureScript data types from Haskell data types, we could prevent the problem of type difference. We would effectively extend the typesystem from the backend to the frontend.
purescript-bridge to the rescue
Turns out this idea is not new, and Robert Klotzner has already done it for us, which is quite nice. From the docs, purescript-bridge tells us it will write PureScript types from Haskell types, as long as those types conform to some restrictions. But let's not talk about limitations. Instead, let's talk about awesomeness. But, before that, let's review the general architecture.
Simple WebApp
Our app will be split into two parts:
A Haskell backend that talks to the database, coordinates people, sends emails and all that awesome stuff backends do.
A PureScript frontend that compiles to JavaScript and runs on the browser; showing, in marvellous details using React, all the data that it fetches from the backend.
The two parts have to talk to each other in order to have something useful. We will use REST and JSON. That's it - the frontend will send HTTP requests full of JSON messages to the backend, in order to trigger actions, and the backend will respond to those requests with more JSON full of data, to be shown to the user.
WebApp idea
So we are going to build the next big thing. The website everyone definitely needs in their lives: a scientist browser, where we can browse names, photos and biographies of renowed scientists.
Well, it may not be the next big thing, but you will definitely need it. I promise.
Backend
The backend is going to be simple: trusty Servant is going to provide us with endpoints that talk JSON and are full of scientist biographies. The API will provide (for now) a single endpoint:
GET /scientist/ : return a list of scientist biographies
data Scientist = Scientist { sId :: Int , sFirstName :: String , sLastName :: String } deriving ( Eq , Show )
Frontend
The frontend is (somewhat) simple. It's going to be the Pux starter app with small modifications to pull data from our backend. After pulling the data, it's going to show the scientists one at a time, offering buttons to see the next or the previous one.
The Best Thing Since Sliced Bread: the Scientist Viewer!
Changing the app
Did you notice that we have already run into limitations? Some scientists don't just have a name and surname. My friend Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz - the man behind Calculus - has a middle name. But that is not the only case. Wernher von Braun was a rocket scientist, and he has von in the middle of his name. That's not technically a middle name, but we somehow have to accept it. And Pythagoras, one of the pioneers of Geometry - well, we have no idea of his surname, if he ever had one.
So it's time to change the name format.
data Scientist = Scientist { sId :: Int , sNames :: [ String ] } deriving ( Eq , Show ) $ (deriveJSON defaultOptions '' Scientist )
Runtime errors? I hate runtime errors!
Ooops. We need to tweak the frontend to make it accept the new format.
data Scientist = Scientist { id :: Int , names :: Array String } instance decodeScientist :: DecodeJson Scientist where decodeJson j = case toObject j of Just o -> do id <- o .? "sId" names <- o .? "sNames" pure $ Scientist { id : id, names : names } Nothing -> Left "Noparse"
Yay, rolling again!
Ok, we can do that, but it's kinda silly, isn't it? I'm copying the same code from the backend to the frontend, from data structures to serializer algorithms. I can watch myself getting very annoyed because of this repetition. But, do you imagine what would happen if we happened to have a backend team and a frontend team? Unless the communication is perfect, we are just going to have trouble. And we know it's impossible to have perfect communication, specially as the team grows.
Tutorial
Connecting the types on the backend to the frontend
First of all, let's extend the types from the backend to the frontend. This is no small feat, but it's definitely worth it. We'll do it in several steps.
First we extract the types to be shared to other files for the sake of keeping it all organised:
{-# LANGUAGE TemplateHaskell #-} module Types where import Data.Aeson import Data.Aeson.TH data Scientist = Scientist { sId :: Int , sNames :: [ String ] } deriving ( Eq , Show ) $ (deriveJSON defaultOptions '' Scientist ) scientists :: [ Scientist ] scientists = [ Scientist 1 [ "Isaac" , "Newton" ] , Scientist 2 [ "Albert" , "Einstein" ] , Scientist 3 [ "Gottfried" , "Wilhelm" , "Leibniz" ] , Scientist 4 [ "Stephen" , "Hawking" ] , Scientist 5 [ "Pythagoras" ] , Scientist 6 [ "Wernher" , "von" , "Braun" ] ]
Now we need support for Generics.
{-# LANGUAGE TemplateHaskell #-} {-# LANGUAGE DeriveGeneric #-} module Types where import Data.Aeson import Data.Aeson.TH import GHC.Generics ( Generic ) data Scientist = Scientist { sId :: Int , sNames :: [ String ] } deriving ( Eq , Show , Generic ) [ ... ]
And finally we create a Bridge binary and summon purescript-bridge .
module Main where import Types ( Scientist ) import Language.PureScript.Bridge (writePSTypes, buildBridge, defaultBridge, mkSumType) import Data.Proxy ( Proxy (..)) main :: IO () main = writePSTypes "../frontend/src" (buildBridge defaultBridge) myTypes where myTypes = [ mkSumType ( Proxy :: Proxy Scientist ) ]
Now, when we execute the bridge, we get some sweet auto-generated PureScript code.
backend$ stack exec bridge The following purescript packages are needed by the generated code: - purescript-prim Successfully created your PureScript modules!
The generated code is quite boring, yet exactly what we wanted.
-- File auto generated by purescript-bridge! -- module Types where import Prim ( Array , Int , String ) import Data.Generic (class Generic ) data Scientist = Scientist { sId :: Int , sNames :: Array String } derive instance genericScientist :: Generic Scientist
Ok, it's time to make the frontend use the auto-generated code. It's easy. We are already auto-generating the Scientist datatype, so we are just going to import it.
import Types ( Scientist )
Now our app has a lot less repetition.
Using generics to simplify communication
But that's not enough. Although the types are the same, the JSON instances are not the same. And they should be. But having to copy instances from the backend to the frontend is kind of silly. All I want is to copy this backend data to the frontend, where both use an equivalent representation! There has to be a way to do that automatically.
Well, there is a way to do that. Can you see the Generic instances we have introduced somehow? We are going to take advantage of these instances. In fact, I have not invented this - the Argonaut team did it! They made some Generic Argonaut-Aeson codecs which should make the frontend speak Aeson exactly the same way the backend does.
The backend is already using generic encoding thanks to Template Haskell. The code that does the magic is:
$ (deriveJSON defaultOptions '' Scientist )
But we have to tweak the frontend to do it.
import Data.Argonaut.Generic.Aeson as Aeson ... let result = do scientists <- Aeson.decodeJson request . response pure $ ScientistsLoaded $ Scientist.State { scientists : scientists , current : 0 } ...
And we can drop decodeScientist . Now we are rolling!
Changing the app again
You know what? We don't need that much of an ID, but a photo would definitely help here. Let's change the types again.
data Scientist = Scientist { sNames :: [ String ] , sPhotoUrl :: String } deriving ( Eq , Show , Generic ) ... scientists :: [ Scientist ] scientists = [ Scientist [ "Isaac" , "Newton" ] "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/GodfreyKneller-IsaacNewton-1689.jpg" , Scientist [ "Albert" , "Einstein" ] "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Albert_Einstein_Head.jpg" ... ]
Now we run the bridge.
backend $ stack exec bridge The following purescript packages are needed by the generated code: - purescript-prim Successfully created your PureScript modules! backend $
And now we have the new types on the frontend:
data Scientist = Scientist { sNames :: Array String , sPhotoUrl :: String } derive instance genericScientist :: Generic Scientist
It seems Lady Luck was on our side. The frontend hasn't failed to compile, but that's because we have removed an ID field we weren't using anywhere. If we happened to remove a field we were using, the compiler would definitely refuse to compile.
Now that we have photos on the data type, let's show 'em.
view ( State s) = ... Just ( Scientist scientist) -> div [] [ div [] [ img [ src scientist . sPhotoUrl, height "400px" ] [], h2 [] $ (\x -> text (x <> " " )) <$> scientist . sNames ] , button [ onClick (const Previous ) ] [ text "Prev. Scientist" ] , button [ onClick (const Next ) ] [ text "Next Scientist" ] ]
Now I see you, Mr. Newton
Analysing the result
Thanks to purescript-bridge , we have removed the mental tax on the shared types on the frontend. The backend will generate those types for us, so we no longer have to care about them.
Also, the backend folks can make changes without thinking too much about compatiblity with the frontend, because the tools we built will tell us when something is broken.
Even better, the communication has been simplified a lot. We don't have to care any more about message format, decoders and encoders, because Aeson and Argonaut, along with purescript-bridge , handles that for us.
And finally, the most awesome of all is that the type system is automatically consistent on the frontend and the backend. We have successfully connected the two worlds; and, as a result, we have gained some extra safety and peace of mind.
Conclusion
I shall thank Robert Klotzner for the awesome package he made. purescript-bridge is incredible in the sense that it helps us extend the wonders of a strong type system across boundaries, such as different subsystems and languages. Definitely purescript-bridge it is worth every bit it costs.
More information
purescript-bridge on Hackage: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/purescript-bridge
on Hackage: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/purescript-bridge The code in this tutorial: https://github.com/stackbuilders/tutorials/tree/tutorials/tutorials/functional-full-stack/purescript-bridge/code
purescript-bridge Github's repository: https://github.com/eskimor/purescript-bridge
Thanks to
Mohan Zhang from CollegeVine, for letting us experiment, play and deploy purescript-bridge in order to improve the type safety. BTW, if you want to study in a prestigious university in the USA, the team at CollegeVine knows all the secrets to get you accepted.
in order to improve the type safety. BTW, if you want to study in a prestigious university in the USA, the team at CollegeVine knows all the secrets to get you accepted. Wikipedia for providing nice photos of famous scientists, and for the great work they are doing.
Thanks for reading this tutorial! If you have any feedback, please join the discussion below, or open issues and pull requests on GitHub.
REAL-LIFE criminals bear little resemblance to those seen in films. On screen, the bad guys effortlessly tunnel beneath banks or casinos, hack into their security systems and escape using elaborate feints that baffle the police. In real life criminals tend not to be so well organised—consider the hapless bank robber who had little success with his note demanding cash and threatening to set off a bomb. In fiction, financial villains effortlessly manipulate markets and move billions around the world in seconds. In real life the bankers who tried to rig LIBOR, an important interest rate, were such bunglers that one discussed plans on a public chat forum until a manager sent him a private note saying “BE CAREFUL DUDE”. His reply? “I agree we shouldnt ve been talking about putting fixings for our positions on public chat” [sic]. So why, one might legitimately ask, have so few bankers gone to jail for their part in the financial crisis?
It is now almost five years since the world's financial system was brought to its knees and had to be bailed out by taxpayers at a cost of billions. Millions of people lost their jobs or suffered from lower living standards because of the recession brought on by the financial collapse. Yet almost no bankers have faced legal sanctions for their part in precipitating the crisis. In Britain, which had to bail out three of its biggest banks, not one senior banker has gone on trial over the failure of a bank. In America there have been just a handful of criminal charges brought against senior executives of banks, and even fewer successful convictions. This is very different from the response of prosecutors in earlier banking crises, such as the meltdown of Savings & Loans institutions in America in the 1980s. In that case more than 1,000 bankers were convicted for their misdeeds. Admittedly, bankers have been put on trial in some countries. German prosecutors have charged several bank executives whose banks failed, and in Brazil, bank directors can be held personally liable for the losses incurred by their banks. But the numbers involved are tiny.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
One reason so few bankers have been jailed is that it has proved difficult for prosecutors to connect wrongdoing low down in a large financial organisation—submitting false LIBOR estimates, say—to senior executives running the bank. Although the bosses may create or perpetuate a culture in which those lower down the ranks feel entitled or expected to abandon morality, there is seldom a chain of e-mails or other direct instructions that actually advocates wrongdoing. A second reason for the paucity of prosecutions is that in capitalist societies where risk-taking is seen as a necessary part of business, it is not actually illegal to run a bank, or any other company, into the ground.
Public outrage is, however, prompting some countries to think again about imposing stricter rules that might make it easier to jail bankers. Britain is considering criminal sanctions for reckless management, as well as a rule that would bar the managers of failed banks from running other companies unless they could prove they were not at fault. Yet stricter liability has its drawbacks. Countries such as the United Arab Emirates that penalise bankruptcy and even threaten debtors with prison are not known for their vibrant start-up cultures. Discouraging risk-taking altogether, in short, can be counterproductive. Rather than spending their time looking for new ways to punish bankers, policymakers would do better to find ways to avoid having to bail out banks in the first place.
• What else should The Economist explain? Send us your suggestions.
Following the release, earlier this week, of testimony filed in a federal lawsuit against Trump University, the United States is facing a high-stakes social-science experiment. Will one of the world's leading democracies elect as its President a businessman who founded and operated a for-profit learning annex that some of its own employees regarded as a giant ripoff, and that the highest legal officer in New York State has described as a classic bait-and-switch scheme?
If anyone still has any doubt about the troubling nature of Donald Trump's record, he or she should be obliged to read the affidavit of Ronald Schnackenberg, a former salesman for Trump University. Schnackenberg's testimony was one of the documents unsealed by a judge in the class-action suit, which was brought in California by some of Trump University's disgruntled former attendees.
Schnackenberg, who worked in Trump's office at 40 Wall Street, testified that “while Trump University claimed it wanted to help consumers make money in real estate, in fact Trump University was only interested in selling every person the most expensive seminars they possibly could.” The affidavit concludes, “Based upon my personal experience and employment, I believe that Trump University was a fraudulent scheme, and that it preyed upon the elderly and uneducated to separate them from their money.”
In one sense, the latest revelations don't break much new ground. Back in 2013, when the office of Eric Schneiderman, New York's Attorney General, filed a civil lawsuit against Trump and some of his associates, the complaint, which is also worth reading in full, made perfectly clear what sort of organization it was targeting. Despite Trump University's claim that it offered “graduate programs, post graduate programs, doctorate programs,” it wasn't a university at all. It was a company that purported to be selling Trump's secret insights into how to make money in real estate. From the time Trump University began operating, in 2005, the A.G.'s office repeatedly warned the company that it was breaking the law by calling itself a university. (In New York State, universities have to obtain a state charter.)
That was the bait—or, rather, the initial bait. According to the Attorney General's complaint, the free classes were merely a marketing device. There, Trump University's instructors “engaged in a methodical, Systematic Series of misrepresentations” designed to convince students to sign up for a three-day seminar, where they would learn Trump's personal techniques and strategies for investing, at a cost of about fifteen hundred dollars.
When it began, Trump University offered online classes, but it quickly switched its focus to live classes and seminars, the first of which was free to attend. One of the company's ads said of Trump, “He's the most celebrated entrepreneur on earth. . . . And now he's ready to share—with Americans like you—the Trump process for investing in today's once-in-a-lifetime real estate market.” The ad said that Trump had “hand-picked” Trump University's instructors, and it ended with a quote from him: “I can turn anyone into a successful real estate investor, including you.”
In fact, Trump hadn't handpicked the instructors, and he didn't attend the three-day seminars. Moreover, the complaint said, “no specific Donald Trump techniques or strategies were taught during the seminars, Donald Trump ‘never' reviewed any of Trump University's curricula or programming materials, nor did he review any of the content for the free seminars or the three day seminars.” So what were the attendees taught? According to the complaint, “the contents and material presented by Trump University were developed in large part by a third party company that creates and develops materials for an array of motivational speakers and Seminar and timeshare rental companies.” The closest that the attendees at the seminars got to Trump was when they were encouraged to have their picture taken with a life-size photo of him.
The alleged scam didn't stop there. Trump University instructors told people who attended the three-day seminars that this wasn't enough time to learn how to succeed, and encouraged them to purchase additional “mentorship” programs, which cost up to thirty-five thousand dollars. The complaint explained,
This bait and switch was laid out in the Trump University Playbook (“Playbook”), which provided step-to-step directions to Trump University instructors on what to tell students during the seminars. . . . Trump University instructors and staff were given detailed guidance as to how to build rapport and approach consumers one-on-one to encourage further purchases. Trump University representatives were explicitly instructed to push the highest priced Elite programs. Even when students hesitated to purchase the expensive programs, Trump representatives were provided stock responses to encourage purchases, including encouraging students to go into debt to pay for the Elite programs.
The newly released documents, which included actual Trump University playbooks (one was also uncovered by Politico earlier this year), provide more detail about the sales tactics that its employees used. Some of these methods, such as encouraging customers to max out their credit cards and playing psychological tricks on them, are familiar from the world of time-shares and other dodgy industries. “If they can afford the gold elite don't allow them to think about doing anything besides the gold elite,” one of the playbooks advised the sales staff. At another point, the manual said, “Don't ask people what they THINK about something you've said. Instead, always ask them how they FEEL about it. People buy emotionally and justify it logically.”
One of Schnackenberg's contributions, in his testimony, was to illustrate how these tactics worked with individuals. Recounting his experience with one couple, which included a man who was on disability, he said, “After the hard-sell sales presentation, they were considering purchasing the $35,000 Elite program. I did not feel it was an appropriate program for them because of their precarious financial condition.” Far from being commended by his bosses for his honesty, Schnackenberg said that he was reprimanded. Another salesperson then “talked them into buying the $35,000 program after I refused to sell this program to them,” he testified. “I was disgusted by this conduct and decided to resign.”
Trump denies any wrongdoing. Citing surveys that he claims show that Trump University got high approval ratings from its customers, he has set up a Web site at 98percentapproval.com, which features testimonials from Trump University attendees and attacks on the Attorney General. Trump's lawyers also told the Times that other testimony in the California case had discredited the charges made by former employees. Hope Hicks, Trump's campaign spokesperson, said that he was looking forward to his day in court.
So far, though, Trump has failed in his efforts to have the lawsuits in California and New York thrown out. And, whatever happens to the legal cases, the allegations will dog him all the way to November. On Wednesday, Hillary Clinton offered a preview of what is to come, calling Trump a “fraud” who is “trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.”
The Clinton campaign is clearly hoping that Trump University will be to Trump as Bain Capital was to Mitt Romney—a way to portray him as just another selfish rich guy who is out to profit at the expense of ordinary folk. Commenting on Twitter, Clinton's press secretary, Brian Fallon, wrote, “Trump U is devastating because it's metaphor for his whole campaign: promising hardworking Americans way to get ahead, but all based on lies.”
So will Trump University be the thing that brings Trump down? In a post for _The _New Republic, Brian Beutler argued that it will be “devastating” to him. On my Twitter feed, some people reacted more skeptically, pointing out that many of Trump's supporters appear oblivious to any criticisms of him, and that Clinton isn't necessarily the ideal prosecutor. It is also worth recalling that, in Italy, Silvio Berlusconi, another populist businessman, served as Prime Minister four times despite a list of allegations against him that included bribery, tax evasion, sexual misconduct, and having ties to the mafia.
One thing is clear, though. If the revelations about Trump University_ _don't do any damage to Trump, it's time to worry—or worry even more—about American democracy.
Final Ohio Poll predicts Obama win John Byrne
Published: Monday November 3, 2008
Print This Email This The final Ohio Poll conducted by the Institute for Policy Research at the University of Cincinnati predicts that Sen. Barack Obama will likely win Ohio's 20 electoral votes.
When allocating undecided voters to the candidates they are most likely to support, Obama leads with 51.5 percent of voters to 45.7 percent for McCain. The poll mirrors that of other recent Ohio polls, which show a slim margin for Obama.
An average of the latest Reuters, Quinnipiac and Mason-Dixon polls give Obama an average lead of 3.6 percent, with 48.3 percent supporting Obama to McCain's 44.7 percent.
The Real Clear Politics average of the polls has shown Obama ahead every day since Oct. 1.
Quinnipiac's poll reported that Palin is hurting McCain in the state.
"Palin is a drag on the Republican ticket in Ohio. Her favorability is a negative 41 percent to 45 percent, while Biden is viewed favorably, 48 percent to 33 percent," the Columbus Dispatch wrote. "Still, voters said McCain's association with President Bush hurts him more than his selection of Palin."
The Ohio Poll surveyed 1,308 probable voters between Oct. 29 - Nov. 2, with a 2.7 percent margin of error.
The results are a dramatic turnaround for Obama since September, when McCain held a four point lead, and nearly a quarter of voters remained undecided. Ohio's electoral voters were allocated to President George W. Bush in 2004, after a hotly contested battle in the state.
Another poll also shows Obama ahead, this time by six points.
"The final Columbus Dispatch poll released Sunday shows Obama ahead of McCain by 6-percentage points, 52 percent to 46 percent," the Enquirer noted. "That's about the same margin for Obama the poll found last month."
"The Dispatch poll was conducted by mail of 2,164 likely voters Oct. 22 through Friday, with a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2 percentage points."
“The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting. It has been found difficult; and left untried.” ― G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World.
One of the great dilemmas of parenting knows how to challenge a child with a goal without overwhelming him with the difficulties of the task. It seems this same difficulty persists in all calls to the holy and moral life. We'll call it the problem for prophets.
The problem is best exemplified by the chasm that exists between a great moral reformer and the mass of people that are acting immorally. For the reformer, the problem is huge exactly because the MASS of people continue in their immorality. For the individual mired in sin, the problem is gigantic because of the distance between where he is on the moral scale and where he is being called to be by the reformer.
Of course, perceived this way, there really is no solution. But this is a false construct. Conversion is not about a monumental shift from one way of being to another (although that is possible, even laudable), but rather a simple turn from one's a current way of life with a commitment to progress in the other direction.
A friend of mine has a saying that encapsulates this concept very well. He says, “Inch by inch it's a cinch.” Small changes consistently made will accomplish much more than most attempts at huge leaps.
So what does this have to do with the world of finance? Well, if you consider the fact that the average American is a somewhat well-to-do, comfortable, and materially-oriented person who has spent the better part of his life working, earning, buying, and saving for his family. And then, if you propose to him the evangelical perfection of poverty, a great disconnect ensues. A sort of spiritual schizophrenia develops wherein he at once feels proud of supporting his family and despairing at being a poor follower of Christ. Unfortunately, no amount of distinguishing between the roles of the lay and clerical state will suffice nor explaining that his actions are only sinful IF the love of money has surpassed his love of God. The damage is done and the person feels rotten.
What has happened to this person is that a false construct of the Christian ideal has formed in his mind and the real result of his lifetime of actions seems incompatible with it. He is left with that “gigantic leap” perception of either giving everything up now or being satisfied (or dissatisfied) as a practical materialist forever.
The answer, I believe, lies in the right understanding of conversion. We ought not expect the average, material-oriented American to instantaneously transition from where he is to:
-Spiritual poverty
-Detachment
-Tithing
-Budgeting
-Prudence
Again, this is not to say that it can't be done. We have saintly examples of such monumental shifts. But it is to say that such heroic actions are not the only way. Rather, the conversion, the turning, could start with simply rejecting the “love of money” and building from there.
One good means of accomplishing this is initiating a regular and sacrificial giving to support the Church…and then praying that God will guide you to greater spiritual perfection. In short, make a simple commitment to holiness and the rest will come “inch by inch.”
The chairwoman of the Republican National Committee is warning GOP senators to learn from the example of those in President Trump's party who stood up against him and lost at the ballot box.
Ronna Romney McDaniel was speaking specifically Monday on "The Laura Ingraham Show" about Sen. Jeff Flake Jeffrey (Jeff) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Poll: 33% of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE (R-Ariz) and his reelection chances next year. Flake has spoken out publicly against Trump recently, and McDaniel warned he could face the same fate as former Rep. Joe Heck (R-Nev.) and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ann AyotteBottom Line US, allies must stand in united opposition to Iran's bad behavior American military superiority will fade without bold national action MORE (R-N.H.), both whom opposed Trump and lost Senate campaigns last year.
“If you look at 2016, the senators that did not support the President … they fell short in those Senate races,” she said. “There is a cautionary tale there because voters want you to support the president in his agenda."
ADVERTISEMENT
McDaniel added that RNC committee members have the ability to intervene in specific primary races, though they usually avoid it.
“It's just interesting from a party standpoint, we do have governance,” she said.
Flake has been a fierce critic of Trump, and has called on other members of the Republican party to speak out against the president's policies and rhetoric.
He is currently promoting a new book called "Conscience of a Conservative."
Allies of Trump have reportedly considered supporting primary challenges to Flake and Sen. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (Nev.), two of the more vulnerable Senate Republicans heading into 2018.
The Electoral College, which is written into the Constitution, is more than just a vestige of the founding era; it is a living symbol of America's original sin. When slavery was the law of the land, a direct popular vote would have disadvantaged the Southern states, with their large disenfranchised populations. Counting those men and women as three-fifths of a white person, as the Constitution originally did give the slave states more electoral votes.
The New York Times endorsed the election of presidents by popular vote in the 50 states plus the District of Columbia. The Times resorts to playing the race card by arguing that the original reason for the Electoral College was to favor the Southern slave states:
This race argument is based on the essays by attorney Donald Applestein and Yale law professor, Aklhil Amar, who argue that counting each slave as three fifths of a person added to the population of the slave states, thereby giving the slave states more representatives in the House and therefore more electoral votes than it would have if slaves were not counted.
The Times are linking the argument for a popular vote election to labeling the Electoral College as a living symbol of slavery that must be abolished. We fought a civil war to end slavery, but the Times dredges up slavery as reason to endorse the popular vote.
The Times seems to have discovered and to be offended by this view of the E.C. only after Trump won the E.C. vote but lost the popular vote, and probably by Bush 43 winning the E.C. vote but losing the popular vote to Al Gore in 2000.
The constitutional reasons for the E.C. were stated by Alexander Hamilton in Federalist 68:
It was equally desirable, that the immediate election should be made by men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station, and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation, and to a judicious combination of all the reasons and inducements which were proper to govern their choice. A small number of persons, selected by their fellow-citizens from the general mass, will be most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations. It was also peculiarly desirable to afford as little opportunity as possible to tumult and disorder. ... The process of election affords a moral certainty, that the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications[.]
Hamilton did not own slaves. He started a movement in New York to free the slaves. He did not campaign for the E.C. to give power to the slave states. Hamilton wanted another buffer, the E.C., between the people and the presidency to elect the president because he did not trust the electorate. A nationwide popular vote is not consistent with Hamilton's reasons for the E.C.
The E.C. prevents the domination of the presidential election by the most populous states such as California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Georgia, Michigan, and North Carolina. One danger of a popular vote election is that a candidate would campaign in the populous states and the large cities in each state and would tailor his agenda to the voters in the large cities in the large states. This would ignore the needs and views of small towns and rural areas, which are the base of the Republican conservative party.
The Times complains that the election now is fought in the ten or twelve battleground states. But a popular vote election replaces the battleground states election with an election fought in the ten most populous states.
The Times endorses the National Popular Vote Compact, which if enacted by states having at least 270 votes would give the E.C. votes from the states in the Compact to the winner of the national popular vote instead of the winner of the state. The website of the National Popular Vote states:
The National Popular Vote bill would guarantee the Presidency to the candidate who receives the most popular votes in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Explanation It has been enacted into law in 11 states with 165 electoral votes (CA, DC, HI, IL, MA, MD, NJ, NY, RI, VT, WA). It will take effect when enacted by states with 105 more electoral votes. Most recently, the bill was passed by a bipartisan 40–16 vote in the Republican-controlled Arizona House, 28–18 in Republican-controlled Oklahoma Senate, 57–4 in Republican-controlled New York Senate, and 37–21 in Democratic-controlled Oregon House. It has passed one house in 12 additional states with 96 electoral votes (AR, AZ, CO, CT, DE, ME, MI, NC, NM, NV, OK, OR."
The fair method to reform the E.C. is to have each state agree that the E.C. vote goes to the winner of each congressional district. The E.C. vote would mirror the House of Representatives, which is the most representative elected body in our government. It would also force the candidate to campaign in all fifty states, thus involving the entire country in the election. A candidate would have to appeal to voters in the 435 congressional districts. Having the E.C. vote based on the congressional districts is consistent with Hamilton's reasons for the E.C.
Conservatives must mobilize to oppose a popular vote election and push for an election based on the congressional district model. If we do nothing, the only proposal is the popular vote model, which will eventually pass.
An extensive renovation project has begun in a house on a side street adjacent to Harvard's Cambridge campus, but this is no ordinary rehab.
The stick-frame house, which predates the 1940s and is owned by the Graduate School of Design (GSD), will be transformed into an energy-efficient headquarters and lab space for the GSD's Center for Green Buildings and Cities. It is the culmination of three years of research and design led by Director Ali Malkawi to create a structure that is a working example of the center's creative goals.
The HouseZero project that began this month is meant to produce more energy than it consumes — with zero carbon emissions and using daylighting and natural ventilation instead of an HVAC system — while serving as a learning center for students and a testing ground for emerging technologies. It will also illustrate deep energy retrofits and could serve as a transferable model for the more than 14 million residential houses of its type in the United States.
Malkawi sat down with the Gazette to discuss the project in detail, highlighting the role he hopes it will play in moving building design toward ultra-efficiency and using as little energy, materials, and resources as possible.
GAZETTE: As a designer, what do you think are some of the essential skills your profession can bring to bear in addressing the environmental and climate challenges our world faces?
MALKAWI: If you design a city well, then you make it easier for people to design buildings. If buildings are designed well, it trickles down to the occupants, and so on. This design component becomes extremely important in ensuring the environment is very well conceived. The interesting part of design as the essential concept here is that designers deal with very complex topics, with problems that are ill-defined. The way designers are educated allows them to be able to engage with this complexity of the living environment indoors as well as outdoors.
GAZETTE: Switching gears to the project itself, what was the genesis of the HouseZero effort?
MALKAWI: The center deals with long-term research issues. At the same time, I am very aware that you have to be able to translate these long-term questions into solutions that are applicable to what is needed now.
Being in a university setting and having the knowledge that we have accumulated, we thought it would be important to be able to see what we can do with existing technologies and design ideas that enable us to have ambitions that have not been met before, as well as change the perception about certain challenges that we have in relation to the built environment.
Hence we said, let's take this house that is already owned by the GSD and use it to do an ultra-efficient retrofit. Then maybe we can change perceptions about what can be done. We had several goals: the translation of research and growing the belief this can be done; having a showcase where we will be able to use our own grounds to conduct research; connecting the physical to the computational in order to conduct economic analysis, health analysis, collect data, and share it with others; and creating an ability to change technologies within the structure over time to assess their usefulness.
GAZETTE: What are some of those challenges in the built environment that you are seeking to overcome?
MALKAWI: One is that it is very difficult to ventilate a structure with only natural ventilation rather than mechanical systems, or to be able to predict movement of air in a way that is equivalent to any structure controlled by HVAC systems. So we are looking at what you can do with existing structures to make them close to having no heating or cooling, while enhancing the quality of the thermal and built environment inside. We want to push this ultra-efficient idea without changing the envelope both visually and materially. For example, we won't be using super-insulation.
One of the most difficult issues will be setting the inside temperature within a range that is predictable. You won't have the traditional HVAC systems that make it easier to make temperature more predictable. Instead, you are relying on the outside natural environment. So the question became: How will you be able to do these predictions? How will you be able to get the temperature for occupants that is required by code that will allow them to function well?
GAZETTE: Using natural ventilation as an example, how hard would it be to shift this to a larger office building?
MALKAWI: It shouldn't be that difficult. You will need to have the expertise to do those predictions, and ensure that the team of designers and consultants are coming from the same perspective. As we were designing this project, we were able to test ideas and publish some of those ideas for the predictability aspects of natural ventilation. One of the questions we tried to ask and resolve in our research project is: What are the boundary conditions for computational simulations to predict ventilation appropriately? So we applied these studies to the house, which allowed our consultants to use part of the data from our research in the design of the structure.
We will actually be putting sensors on the outside of the building envelope to measure pressure on the façade, which will be translated into how much air flow is coming through, and coupling them with computational scenarios and visualizing how the air is flowing through the building. So in many forms and fashions, it is not your typical building. But it's not just about the building, it's about its future. Inherently part of this concept is building the structure really well so technology becomes almost irrelevant because the building will be so efficient. You will be able to plug and play with the technology as it evolves.
Though this is a stick-frame building, the same ideas can be applied to other types of homes or structures throughout the world. We will be able to translate some of our learning lessons, not just now but as it evolves. It's not about globalization. It's about localization related to principles that can then be applied.
GAZETTE: How have students been involved in the project to date, and how do you envision their role through construction and once it's completed?
MALKAWI: There are two parts. During the design process, there was a stage of doing research where we engaged advanced students and included some of our challenges in classwork through building simulations. Once the building is finished, we anticipate developing an educational component that would help not just our students but the broader community understand the concept of ultra-efficiency.
GAZETTE: There are a lot of terms being thrown around for houses that seek aggressive energy targets: net zero, energy positive, passive house. How would you describe this house to someone?
MALKAWI: We're moving away from all those definitions to the inherent and most important aspects of what buildings should have: ultra-efficiency. We would like that efficiency to be translated to different metrics, from social issues to aesthetics and resource use. Once you have that, technology becomes a layer you can add. As better technology comes along, you can produce even more, if you wish to. But you want it to consume as little as possible. For me, I have been advocating from the beginning that, rather than energy production, it's energy reduction we should look at. We should start from the demand and how you can make the demand as efficient as possible.
We'll also have a house within a house, a laboratory space that will be a structure completely separated and thermally isolated from rest of the building and completely sensed differently. We will be able to apply future ideas to the spine of the building to see how useful they are. It's a sensitivity issue. You will be able to look at technologies that are applicable to ultra-efficient houses. This allows you to push beyond ultra-efficiency over time.
GAZETTE: Is there a design application or feature of the building that you are particularly excited about?
MALKAWI: I'm excited about the possibility of collecting and analyzing data, and then being able to change the operation of the building in multiple ways so we can understand how to make it better. At the end of the day, we wanted to push a standard that doesn't exist that will push efficiency to its limit. We wanted to identify that standard, and show that it's possible and performance-driven.
One last aspect I wanted to mention is the carbon issue. We have been including in all our decisions the embodied energy as well as carbon in the material for us to be able to ensure that it's also part of what we're trying to accomplish. So that made our job even harder. We wanted to see what can be done with existing materials to allow us to reach zero carbon structure, including the embodied energy.
When you turn all of these ambitions into actual outcomes, we believe that this is the first retrofit of a structure of this kind that we know of that will accomplish all of these goals.
This interview has been lightly edited.
I was just reading today's Maui News article about a parcel of land on Maui that was donated to the Haleakala National Park. As I was reading it, this sentence prompted me to wonder if you are familiar with the terms mauka and makai:
The parcel… is on the mauka side of Hana Highway and the Hana side of Oheo Gulch.
What that sentence means is that the parcel of land is on the mountain side of the Hana Highway. Mauka and makai are very frequently used in giving directions rather than right or left.
– Mauka (mow-kah) means on the mountain side of the road in the context of directions.
– Makai (mah-kigh) means on the ocean side of the road in the context of directions.
I think these words are actually more descriptive than left and right especially since most of the main roads follow along the coastline. Plus, when you understand these directions, you never have to worry about which direction from which you came. Whether you're driving from the North or South, the makai side is always going to be on the ocean side side of the road.
Just as we read that excerpt from the Maui News article, you will likely discover that mauka and makai are used very frequently without a further description in Hawaii. So, now you'll know when you go what these words mean and you'll be navigating like a local.
There are good episodes of television then there are exceptional hours and then there is this episode which defies all known ways to properly describe its epicness. Hands down and without competition, this episode is likely to land atop most viewers list of favorite episodes. It hits the ground running from the very first second until the very last one. And the revelations are jaw-dropping. We're not talking tiny bits of information, but big massive marker points for the rest of the season and perhaps the series. This episode is huge and every single part of it is exceptionally well executed. No words exist to properly prepare any of you for what you're going to see. Just be sure to remember to use the commercial breaks as an opportunity to catch your breath.This is a Three episode, or so one would think because somewhere along the line it also sort of becomes a defining episode for the Android and Five as well and sets up a lot of things for the entire crew. A lot happens, and that's not even remotely an exaggeration. So much is crammed into this single episode that it feels bigger than perhaps even the season premiere. The last episode set the tone for the season, but this one defines everything that is to come. When people talk about big impactful episodes this would be one that would perfectly fit into that category.To give away any specifics of the episode would do all of you a massive disservice because the big moments are just that huge. So, you'll have to settle for the tiniest of hints. This episode revolves around a time loop situation. A few of the characters will appear in a way that no one can possibly predict, expect, or even fathom. Also…French, and yes, you did read that right and yes that is an actual tiny hint. And that is all that can be said about this phenomenal episode without giving major things away.The show has yet to do an episode with such high stakes and massive potential consequences. Big shocks don't stop until the credits roll as even the final seconds deliver another big stunning moment for viewers to revel in. This episode is funny and serious and just plain stunning making it the perfect combination to produce a near-perfect hour of television. It's definitely got a different tone, so some may love it while others may be confused, but there can be no possible debate that this isn't a significant episode. You do need to be vigilant as you watch because things do move pretty fast. This is an episode that may require a couple watches to fully soak in all the information that is dropped in it. So, make sure to set your DVR for when the inevitable need to rewatch this episode sets in about two seconds after it ends.Go ahead and clear your schedule, because you do not want to miss watching this episode live when it airs this“It's a good thing we have all the time in the world.”“I wasn't…sure…I'm still not sure.”“Great, now in addition to aggravating me he's creeping me out.”“Forgive me.”“I've had some more time to think.”Hit the comments with your thoughts about this episode. Are you excited for it? What do you think will happen?
1 / 7 Vashti: Refuses to Be a Trophy Queen (With Drastic Consequences)
The Purim story begins in the palace of Shushan with King Ahasuerus and his wife, Queen Vashti, hosting separate men and women's feasts for the people of the town. After seven straight days of partying, the King sends for the Queen, commanding her to appear, wearing her royal crown, to parade her beauty before the men's feast. Vashti refuses. A classic commentary explains her reluctance by saying that the King asked her to appear "wearing only her crown," though that's not in the original text. The King is horrified at her refusal and consults his adviser, who points out that if Vashti is punished, all the women of the kingdom will get the wrong idea and begin to look down on their husbands. So Queen Vashti gets booted out of the castle, and for good measure, the King sends out a decree that man is the master of the home. Vashti's story doesn't end in triumph -- she was a few thousand years before her time, perhaps -- but I have admired the woman's principles.
MediaWiki
NAME CHANGE!: We had to change our name from Cards Against Inhumanity to Inhumanity Stinks! This new name is not only fun, but will ensure that we can keep producing our game.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sometimes my friends and I get together and play this game - Cards Against Humanity - A game for horrible people. (Unfamiliar with CAH? Go here.) It's a game that most of us think of as pretty fun. I'll admit I've enjoyed playing it. It's fun to shock people and come up with associations that are clever and horrible.
But if we want to be honest with ourselves – really honest - we know that kind of fun can be cruel. It can make others feel bad. It can put others down. I've thought about this a lot and decided that's just not what I want to do. Not anymore.
See, I've been paying attention lately. There are two camps setting up shop around the world... one that demoralizes and vilifies other people, encouraging ignorance and spreading hate. And then there's one that urges us all to come together, without tearing others down or perpetuating harmful ideas. That's the movement I want to be part of...
I want to make the world a better place - and this is my contribution.
Inhumanity Stinks! is a commentary on the insensitivity of the original game. It's not for horrible people. It's for really nice people, who want to celebrate what they love, come together in kindness and have a good time with people of all backgrounds.
It's for those of us who are starting to get a little uncomfortable with entertaining ourselves at the expense of others. I think we can make a card game that's just as clever, without the cruelty.
We're starting with a pack of 200 cards - 160 light blue, 40 dark blue (dimensions: 63mm x 88mm). That's what you get if you pledge at the official game level or higher and if we hit our goal of $3,000. If we exceed our funding level, we'll add more cards!
STRETCH GOALS!
$6,000 Pledged = 250 cards total (200 light blue, 50 dark blue)
$10,000 Pledged = 300 cards total (240 light blue, 60 dark blue)
$15,000 Pledged = 350 cards total (280 light blue, 70 dark blue)
$20,000+ Pledged = 550 cards total (460 white, 90 blue)
If this is the kind of game you'd want to play please contribute to our Kickstarter campaign. Every donor who contributes at least $10 will receive a downloadable/printable copy of the game. Give more and you can get the official original edition, professionally printed upon release (plus some other cool stuff).
Have ideas for words and phrases to add to the cards? GREAT! Submit them on our website at AgainstInhumanity.com
Follow us on Twitter @reallyniceppl
The Church of the Immaculate Conception in Geraldine was broken into overnight Saturday and a number of sacred items stolen. Sacrostant minister Liz Hewson points to the empty space where another candlestick used to sit behind the altar. The green veil to the right of her covers the tabernacle, which was tampered with. Opihi Parish property manager David Atwood indicates the height of the two angel statues stolen.
Geraldine's Catholic parishioners are reeling after their historic church was "desecrated" by thieves overnight on Saturday.
Thieves entered through the main doors of the Catholic Church of the Immaculate Conception on Peel St, by forcing them open.
﻿Parishioner Nigel Scarsbrook said he felt disgusted by the actions.
Sacrostant minister Liz Hewson , who has been attending the church since 1951, was preparing for mass on Sunday at about 7.40am when she noticed some items missing.
"I came in the side door so didn't realise anything was wrong straight away, but I did have an uncomfortable feeling."
Two plaster angel statues 500mm high and three solid brass candlestick holders were missing from the reredos, an area behind the altar.
"We can never replace the candlesticks. They were donated by parishioners who had no money around the Depression," Hewson said.
The church was established in 1935 and the missing items had been part of the church since then.
A gold chalice, a small silver cyborium (plate), crystal vessels with communion wine in them and a wooden cross were also taken from the unlocked sacristy (a room where the priest keeps vestments). A Roman Missal, used for readings, and a lectionary, which has the gospel and the epistles in it were also stolen.
Opihi Parish property manager David Atwood said he felt violated, as did the other more than 50 parishioners at mass on Sunday morning, once they discovered what had happened.
"I've been coming here since 1949 and some of those things are priceless."
However what was most offensive to the parishioners was that the thieves had tampered with the tabernacle, an ornate secure container in which the blessed sacraments are stored.
In Catholic doctrine the tabernacle is the dwelling place of divinity and is shrouded in a veil until mass, when it is opened.
"They have desecrated the church by handling the tabernacle, which is where God is for us. We will have to have a re-blessing service," Atwood said.
The parishioners said they thought whoever had taken the items would not have realised the significance of them. Instead of being angry, they would like the opportunity to explain to the culprits why the stolen items so are important in their worship.
"If they were short of food or money we would have helped them," Atwood said.
Police did not appear too positive about recovering the items and had suggested the parish should claim insurance, Atwood said.
Geraldine police could not be reached for comment on Sunday.
The last time Samsung released a newly designed smartphone that turned heads was in 2010—which we believe amounts to roughly 28 years ago in smartphone years. The debut Galaxy S, unlike most Android sets at the time, was noticeably clean and sleek. Users often compared its looks to the iPhone 4. But that comparison didn't hold much muster, especially when considering Samsung's love for cheap, plastic phone bodies. You only had to spin the first Galaxy around your palm once to be sure you hadn't mistakenly grabbed an iPhone.
Subsequent Galaxy S upgrades stubbornly stuck to the line's original design tenets, particularly an adherence to plastic shells. Most everyone else in the Android space upped their design game since, and while Samsung's jump from the S4 to the S5 would have benefited hugely from an aesthetic overhaul, it didn't receive one. As such, the April 2014 phone otherwise produced a collective yawn.
Finally, this fall, Samsung ticked the checkbox that drove Galaxy critics nuts for the past couple of years: a phone that looks good. The metal frame of the company's newest model, the Samsung Galaxy Alpha, is distinct and different enough from its Galaxy S peers to make people wonder: Is this a new statement device from the Korean phone giant, or is it merely a redesign slapped onto the usual Galaxy experience? Does it belong among the rest of the $199-on-contract competition?
Not-so-heavy metal
A picture may be worth a thousand words, but we're happy to elaborate a little further about the Galaxy Alpha's updated design.
Almost every time we pulled the Alpha out from a pocket or a messenger bag, friends were quick to say it looked like an iPhone. That's mostly thanks to the silver, all-metal framing. From either the phone's front or back, this looks like a super-thin metal protrusion, which catches light nicely without adding an extreme bezel. On the top and the bottom, the metal frame juts out with a visible bulge for the microphone jack and the USB port, respectively. Yet, running your finger over these juts doesn't feel all that bumpy, because the phone's plastic, textured backing meets these juts to smooth them out.
Specs at a glance: Samsung Galaxy Alpha Screen 1280×720 4.7"(312 ppi) AMOLED OS Android KitKat 4.4.4 with Touchwiz CPU 2.5GHz quad-core Snapdragon 801 RAM 2GB GPU Adreno 330 Storage 32GB, no MicroSD slot Networking Dual Band 802.11b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS Ports Micro USB 3.0, headphones Camera 12MP rear camera with AF, 2MP front camera Size 132.4mm x 65.5mm x 6.7mm Weight 115g Battery 1860 mAh Starting price $200 on contract, $613 unlocked Other perks RBG notification LED, NFC
The phone's four corners have their own slight, rounded bulges, and these stick out about as far as the left side's volume rocker and the right side's power button. Overall, there's no sense of bulge or protrusion when the phone sits in your pocket. In your hand, the bulges give your fingers a place to grip while holding the Galaxy with one hand. We liked that feeling, and we liked that the bulges looked distinctive without actually adding any unnecessary bulk.
Tiny plus signs have been etched into the plastic backing, and we liked the slate-gray color of our review model, along with the just-barely-there feeling of texture as our fingers ran across its back. The backing stays firm unless you peel it from the top-left corner, revealing a SIM card slot and a thin, removable 1840 mAH battery. However, there's no SD card slot for additional storage. Currently, the Alpha maxes out at 32GB.
The volume rocker was a little longer than we're used to, but it wasn't too big for us to reach It's up and down buttons in normal use, and we liked the way its long, recessed middle portion looked. The power button, on the opposite side, was thin and unremarkable. We couldn't say the same about the giant camera lens sensor, which protrudes more than anything else on the phone's backside and will scrape against any surface it rests on. That's a problem with phones like the Galaxy S5 and the Galaxy Note III as well, but it feels especially out-of-place on an otherwise sleek phone.
The phone weighs just a hair above four ounces and is 0.26 inches thick. All the way around, the Samsung Galaxy Alpha is a smaller, thinner, and lighter offering than Apple's iPhone 6—just barely so in each category, but it's still a victory for Samsung's camp.
The same can't be said in comparing the Galaxy Alpha's screen to that of the iPhone 6, even though both measure 4.7 inches. Rather than follow the Galaxy S line's continued screen growth in size and density, Samsung scaled down for this model. It has a 720p resolution compared to the iPhone 6's tiny bit denser resolution of 1334x750. However, we're not concerned about it. Just as with the iPhone 6, the Galaxy Alpha's pixel density—around 312 ppi—is fine for day-to-day phone use. Android apps generally have no qualms with 720p.
Our biggest beef was with the Galaxy Alpha's Super AMOLED display, which gives you deep blacks in exchange for off-whites. The bluish tint seen on white space in messaging apps and white webpages made surrounding text and images look weird, an effect we never really got used to. High-end 1080p AMOLED screens like the one in the Galaxy S5 are less susceptible to this effect, but that's not the case here.
Otherwise, the screen's performance held up in general use, whether looking at the screen on a cloudless day—full brightness compared favorably to the Nexus 5 in our other hand—or turning brightness all the way down while browsing in bed—minimum brightness was even dimmer than on the Galaxy S5. Still, this phone's price at launch is in premium, $199-with-contract territory, and its peers have noticeably better 1080p displays. Display hounds should consider where their phone dollar goes with this one.
The reduction in resolution wasn't matched with a noticeable change in specs, as the Alpha employs the same quad-core Snapdragon 801 chipset as the S5, along with the return of the Adreno 330 GPU and 2GB in system RAM. As a result, performance tests see the Galaxy Alpha stand toe-to-toe with the fastest Android offerings on the market—which can feel even snappier on a system that maxes out at 720p.
This phone's smaller screen and high-end specs have been met with a wimpier battery, specced at 1860 mAh compared to the S5's 2800 mAh. As a result, the Galaxy Alpha didn't hold up nearly as well in our standard phone battery test, in which we set brightness to 200 nits (roughly about 70 percent on the Alpha's brightness dial) and let the device load endless webpages over Wi-Fi while periodically syncing a Google account in the background.
In day-to-day use, though, we think most people will be fine. We'd consistently crawl into bed after a workday full of Web, message, and map use with at least 15 percent remaining, which compared pretty well to other Android devices.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 6, 2017, 9:41 PM GMT / Updated July 6, 2017, 9:41 PM GMT By Daniella Silva
Maine's controversial Gov. Paul LePage appeared to suggest on Thursday that he makes up fake stories to mislead reporters — before adding that society would be better off without print media in general.
"I just love to sit in my office and make up ways so they'll write these stupid stories because they are just so stupid, it's awful," LePage told local radio station WGAN-AM on Thursday.
"I'm sorry, but I'd tell you the sooner the print press goes away the better society will be," he added.
LePage's office did not immediately respond to request for comment.
LePage, a Republican, also called Maine's media "vile and inaccurate" over reports earlier this week that he planned to take an out-of-state vacation during tense budget negotiations and a state government shutdown.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage at an opioid abuse conference in Boston on June 7, 2016. Michael Dwyer / AP file
"This is when you know that it's not about the press, it's not about reporting. It's about poking at a certain person in the eye for 6½ years. Shame on them!" he said.
During the shutdown, two Republican state lawmakers told local media that LePage himself had called them to say he planned to leave the state on a 10-day vacation. LePage's office later denied the claim, but both Senate President Michael Thibodeau and Sen. Roger Katz stood by their original comments.
"It all started by saying my pen is on vacation, it has nothing to sign. That was how this started, and the press just ran, and they're so, so vile and inaccurate," LePage said Thursday.
Related: Maine Gov. Paul LePage Has History of Controversial Remarks
The news of LePage's alleged vacation plans came just as a governor farther south, Chris Christie of New Jersey, was spotted lounging on a beach closed by a state government shutdown.
LePage's fraught history with local newspapers spans his tenure as governor.
In 2012, he told a group of eighth-grade students, "Reading newspapers in the state of Maine is like paying somebody to tell you lies."
And in 2013, he said he would like to blow up the building of the state's largest newspaper. "I want to find the Portland Press Herald building and blow it up," he said at the time.
The outspoken governor has made his share of headlines for some shocking remarks over the years, and in January 2016 he had to apologize for saying out-of-state drug traffickers with names like "D-Money" and "Shifty" go to Maine and "impregnate a young, white girl before they leave."
He has also called a pair of protesters "idiots" and told the state's National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to "kiss my butt."
Nottingham Forest manager Alex McLeish refused to commit his future to the club after a 2-1 defeat by Birmingham.
There has been speculation McLeish would resign after just over a month as boss following a transfer window in which he missed out on several targets.
Chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi has said he has a good relationship with McLeish.
Media playback is not supported on this device McLeish refuses to commit to Forest
But McLeish told BBC Radio Nottingham: "I'm not going to make any comment. I'm going to talk about the team and game. I'm only talking about football."
A deadline-day deal for George Boyd fell through in unusual circumstances, while to add insult to injury, another target Chris Burke scored both goals in Birmingham's win at St Andrew's.
"We know he is a good player and capable of doing that," McLeish added.
"I'm disappointed we didn't get the deals over the line. Today it haunted us badly.
"It's disappointing that we went so far and it didn't happen but that's the frustrations of the transfer window."
An attack on the main cathedral of the Coptic Orthodox Church has provoked the church's strongest criticism of Egypt's leaders in decades, an indication of deepening worry over the deteriorating situation for Christians in Egypt.
Beleaguered as they have been by a rise in attacks in the last five years, many of which went unpunished, many Egyptian Christians were fearful when Mohamed Morsi, a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, was elected president last year. Sunday, when a crowd attacked the cathedral complex that holds the seat of the Coptic Orthodox pope, it was a realization of their fears.
And many worries that the ground is growing more fertile for attacks on Christians because of a rise in incendiary religious rhetoric. Clerics and others on religious television channels are responsible for spreading much of the bigotry and discriminatory rhetoric, but members of the Muslim Brotherhood and its political arm, the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP), as well as the Brotherhood's official Arabic website, have also engaged in discourse stigmatizing religious minorities, particularly Christians.
The violence Sunday evening, in which attackers and defenders of the cathedral exchanged rocks, Molotov cocktails, and gunfire over the compound walls, followed the playbook of most attacks on Christians – police did little to protect Christians, standing by while those outside the cathedral hurled rocks and shot at those inside.
Accounts differ about just how the violence began. It followed a funeral for four Christians killed, along with one Muslim, in religious violence the day before in a village just north of Cairo. (Another man died of his wounds from that violence a few days later.) Those outside the cathedral say the fighting began when mourners exiting the cathedral began to damage nearby cars. The mourners inside the compound say they were met by a shower of rocks when they emerged from the compound carrying the coffins.
But most agree the small police force present did nothing to stop the violence. Videos of the clashes show them standing by or shooting tear gas into the compound as those outside threw rocks or fired guns toward those inside.
When asked to consider why the violence had begun in the first place, Mounir Atef, a young Christian man who had come to attend the funerals and ended up in the middle of the violence, did not pause.
“The Brotherhood and some of the television channels are broadcasting sectarian talk,” he said. “These channels are always saying we're infidels.”
He says that anti-Christian rhetoric has worsened since Islamist parties – ultraconservative salafis as well as the Brotherhood – came to power. “After Morsi, some people feel they can attack us without consequences,” he says.
Legitimizing incitement
Religious tensions and attacks on Christians in Egypt were also common under former President Hosni Mubarak. During his nearly three-decade rule, the police rarely held accountable the perpetrators of religiously motivated attacks, instead often insisting on “reconciliation” meetings that fostered a culture of impunity and left victims without justice. The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights says such attacks began to rise sharply in 2008 and continued, largely with impunity, under the military leadership that took over after the Egyptian uprising.
But analysts say the Islamist parties' rise to power has been accompanied by rising incendiary rhetoric against Egyptian Christians.
“No one can disregard the impact of Islamists since they took power on the mounting sectarian sentiment against Christians” – both religious and political, says Khalil Al Anani, an expert on Islamist movements at Durham University in Britain.
“Some Islamists look at Copts or Christians not only as a different religion, but they also accuse them that they are not truly Egyptians or patriots.” The incendiary discourse, he says, “can lead to legitimization and cover for sectarian incidents.”
Radicalization and sectarianism has increased among some Christians as well, Mr. Al Anani says. “We also cannot disregard the mounting radical discourse among some Christians and coptic youth. But it is a reaction to the sectarian discourse coming from Islamists.”
Public officials join in
What heightens the danger, says Michael Wahid Hanna, a senior fellow at The Century Foundation in New York, is that such rhetoric is not just coming from clerics on television but also from FJP officials and in articles on the official website of the Muslim Brotherhood.
During December protests against Morsi at the presidential palace, which ended with clashes that killed 11 people, senior FJP leader Mohamed El Beltagy said in a television interview that the majority of the anti-Morsi protesters were Christian. The Muslim Brotherhood's official Arabic website published stories suggesting that the founder of an anarchist group called the Black Bloc, vilified by the Brotherhood, was a Christian who also led a Christian militia. During the referendum on a new constitution, the website published multiple stories alleging violations by Christian voters.
FJP officials sometimes associate with nonmembers who stir up tensions with their comments. Safwat Hegazy, a preacher who is not a member of the Brotherhood, spoke at campaign rallies on Morsi's behalf and last year warned Christians that if they “splash water” on the legitimacy of the president, “we will spill his blood.” The FJP-dominated Shoura council, the upper house of parliament, appointed Mr. Hegazy to the National Council for Human Rights last year.
This week, FJP official Mohamed Soudan told local newspaper The Daily News Egypt that Copts started the violence at the cathedral. “The Copts then took their arsenal and started the violence, and it seems they were prepared for a civil war and not a common funeral,” he told the newspaper.
Such rhetoric by public officials “feeds an air of permissiveness whereby Christians are stigmatized,” says Mr. Hanna. “Even if it's not incitement, it is a huge contributing factor to have political leaders … engaging in what is oftentimes code for anti-Christian sentiment.”
In a sharply polarized society where the rule of law is weak and bigotry and sectarianism are a long-standing problem, such remarks by public officials are dangerous, say Hanna and Anani.
FJP spokesman Mourad Aly said in a written response to questions that Mr. Soudan's comments do not represent the views of the party, which had not accused either side of triggering the clashes. In response to a question about remarks by Beltagy and other officials, he said the party's official position is clear.
“We consider Christians partners in the homeland, and citizens with equal rights, as enshrined in the constitution. We reject any attempt to sow seeds of hatred or sectarian disputes between Muslims and Christians in Egypt,” he wrote, adding that Brotherhood members formed human shields to protect churches last Christmas and the party nominated Christians as candidates in elections.
“We believe that Coptic rights were violated in the Mubarak era due to mismanagement and marginalization by the state,” he wrote. “This is not what we advocate in the new Egypt.”
Coptic Church takes a stand
After the violence at the cathedral, Morsi called the Coptic patriarch, Pope Tawadros II, and promised to protect the cathedral. But the pope subsequently blasted the president in a television interview, confronting him in a way church leaders have not done since the previous pope was sent to a monastery in the Sinai by former President Anwar Sadat.
The president promised to protect the cathedral, but in reality he did not, the pope said. The church had never been subject to such an attack before, “even during the darkest ages,” he said, adding that the attack had “crossed all red lines.”
“This is a society that is collapsing. Society is collapsing every day,” he warned.
His secretary said Pope Tawadros had five demands for the president, including applying the law equally, ensuring citizenship for all Egyptians, and changing the religious discourse.
The unprecedented criticism from the pope and the church “is indicative of how serious they now perceive the threat. That you have increased sectarian rhetoric that exists not in the sort of unofficial space occupied by militant preachers underground, or even above ground, but is being espoused by political leaders," Hanna says.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Morsi promised an investigation into both incidents. But Human Rights Watch notes that at least five incidents of religious violence have taken place since Morsi came to office and prosecutors have only opened an investigation in one case. It has not led to any prosecutions.
“We can fairly say that the Brotherhood and Islamists did nothing to resolve and ease such sectarian tensions among Muslims and Christians,” says Anani. “They made it worse by their discourse and their irresponsible response to this kind of events.
"Morgoth took Maedhros and hung him from the face of a precipice upon Thangorodrim, and he was caught to the rock by the wrist of his right hand in a band of steel... Then Fingon the valiant, son of Fingolfin...climbed to the foot of the precipice where his kinsman hung, and then could go no further; and he wept when he saw the cruel device of Morgoth. Maedhros therefore, being in anguish without hope, begged Fingon to shoot him with his bow; and Fingon strung an arrow, and bent his bow. And seeing no better hope he cried to Manwë, saying:'O King to whom all birds are dear, speed now this feathered shaft, and recall some pity for the Noldor in their need!'His prayer was answered swiftly. For Manwë to whom all birds are dear, and to whom they bring news upon Taniquetil from Middle-earth, had sent Thorondor, King of Eagles, mightiest of all birds that have ever been, whose outstretched wings spanned thirty fathoms; and staying Fingon's hand he took him up, and bore him to the face of the rock where Maedhros hung. But Fingon could not release the hell-wrought bond upon his wrist, nor sever it, nor draw it from the stone. Again therefore in his pain Maedhros begged that he would slay him; but Fingon cut off his hand above the wrist, and Thorondor bore them back to Mithrim."chapter 7 The Silmarillion.See my other Tolkien deviations -->> rinthcog.deviantart.com/galler… -peace-
Three teenagers have been rescued after 50 days adrift in a small boat in the Pacific Ocean, surviving on coconuts, a seagull and seawater.
Samuel Perez and Filo Filo, both 15, and Edward Nasau, 14, disappeared from Atafu atoll, north of Samoa and part of the New Zealand territory of Tokelau, on a small aluminium boat after an annual sporting event on 5 October. An extensive search by New Zealand air force Orion found no trace of them. Some 500 people on Atafu had held memorial services for the boys.
They were rescued by chance when a New Zealand fishing boat ventured into an area where it would not normally go. The boys had drifted 1,300 km (808 miles) and were west of Uvea in the French territory of Wallis and Futuna and north-east of Fiji when a tuna boat heading for Auckland found them.
"Yesterday we saw a small vessel, a little speed boat on our bows, and we knew it was a little weird," the first mate, Tai Fredricsen, told stuff.co.nz. "We had enough smarts to know there were people in it and those people were not supposed to be there."
About a mile out the boys started waving to them. "I pulled the vessel up as close as I could to them and asked them if they needed any help… they said very much so, they were ecstatic to see us … They were very skinny, but physically in good health, compared to what they have been through."
Fredricsen, the ship's medic, put them on an intravenous drip, but the boys were able to sip water and soon wanted real food. "They are in incredibly good shape for the time they have been at sea," he said.
The boys had a couple of coconuts on board which they finished after two days but were without water. "Somehow they caught a bird, I don't know how, but they caught it. They ate it; that is what is recommended," Fredricsen said. "They had a period when they were only drinking fresh water, which they were capturing during the night in a tarpaulin. They also told me that two weeks prior to us rescuing them, they were able to catch a seabird which was very lucky for them."
Their luck seemed to run out when it stopped raining days before the rescue and they resorted to taking sips of seawater.
"They did mention that during the last two days they had started drinking salt water, which could have been disastrous for them," said Fredricsen, who thought the trio couldn't have survived much longer. "It was a miracle we got to them in time," he said.
An aunt of Perez told the BBC that the family had been devastated after the memorial service.
"My mum, she cried very day and every night," Fekei said. "We believed he was still alive anyway, we thought that God was still with them."
She said she thought the boys might have been trying to sail to Australia or the US.
After speaking to Sam on the telephone, she said: "He was asking for forgiveness. I think they did learn a big lesson".
The boys were extremely fortunate that the fishing boat, the San Nikunau, happened to be in their vicinity. The boat, which had been fishing in Kiribati waters, would normally off-load its catch in American Samoa. Instead it was on its way back to New Zealand.
"We generally don't take this route and we were following the fastest line to New Zealand," said Fredericsen.
The boys are expected to be put ashore at Suva, Fiji, today (Friday).
To get to Atafu, though, they will have to fly to Samoa and then take a boat trip back home as Tokelau, New Zealand's northernmost point, has neither airport nor harbour.
A Chinese sailor is thought to hold the record for survival at sea. Poon Lim spent 133 days alone in the south Atlantic after a British merchant ship, SS Ben Lomond, was torpedoed by a German U-boat in November 1942.
Story highlights 11-year-old claimed a voice in his head told him to shoot a classmate, police document says
Incident occurred in Vancouver, Washington
No one was injured
It comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents
A Washington state middle school boy was arrested after he brought 400 rounds of ammunition, multiple knives and a handgun to his school, intending to shoot another student who he thought was bullying his friend, police said.
The 11-year-old was booked into a juvenile detention facility Wednesday after the incident that caused the lockdown of Frontier Middle School, Vancouver Police said.
No one was injured.
Authorities were alerted by the boy's mother, who called the school concerned that her son may have taken kitchen knives with him that day, according to a probable cause document. The boy was patted down by school resource officers who found the weapons and ammunition.
The boy told school officials that "a voice in his head was telling him to kill" an 11-year-old classmate for calling the boy's friend gay, according to the probable cause document.
"He stated a voice told him killing (the classmate) was a good idea; however he planned to just shoot (the classmate) in the arm and then shoot himself in the head," the document said.
The boy is being held on charges of attempted assault, unlawful possession of a firearm and possession of a weapon at school.
He earlier faced a charge of attempted murder, but prosecutors did not immediately find sufficient evidence to support the charge. However, Kasey Vu with the Clark County Prosecuting Attorney's Office left open the possibility that the attempted murder charge could return when prosecutors receive more information from the investigation.
The school in Vancouver was locked down for about two hours. Students were sent home with letters alerting parents of the situation, said Kris Fay, a spokeswoman for Evergreen Public Schools.
The incident comes on the heels of several school-related violent incidents around the nation.
Join us in VR or on your PC for the grand opening of the Hollywood Art Museum's first exhibition: a unique collection of Star Wars production pieces. The exhibit includes the very first drawings made for the film franchise and never-before-seen production art from the original trilogy by Lucasfilm alum Joe Johnston, Ralph McQuarrie, Phil Tippett, Drew Struzan, Colin Cantwell, and more. Museum curator Greg Aronowitz, will join the opening party to introduce the Star Wars collection, and attendees will have an opportunity to virtually meet him in the exhibition.
The Hollywood Art Museum is a new virtual experience created with Sansar, the world's leading social VR platform. Using highly detailed avatars, visitors can explore the 3D museum together with others from around the world, using VR headsets like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, or Windows PCs.
Please create your free Sansar account in advance - Create Account
This case was filed by an otherwise reputable (although undeniably snobby) relatively young attorney, Jordan Rushie of Mulvihill & Rushie LLC. Since this case's plaintiff is a gay pornography purveyor Liberty Media, even a moron in a hurry understands that Rushie is only a puppet, and Marc Randazza is the one who pulls the strings. Randazza is infamous for shaking down Liberty's current and potential customers. Sure, this strategy brings some short-term cash to benefit a few, but extorting business' targeted audience is an assisted suicide in the long run. I'm not even talking about ruined careers, families and lives. Marc Randazza surely learned how to count to One, and he became quite known as a First Amendment attorney. The problem is that his hubris prevented him from mastering bigger numbers, Eight in particular.
The entire business model of copyright trolls was never based on the law, it was always based on loopholes in the law, and this case is not an exception. By abusing local rules and misleading the court, Randazza and his devotees have finally stooped to the low area previously occupied only by such scum as Prenda Law. In the past Randazza and his admireres mocked John “Buffy” Steele and claimed that Liberty's strategy of going after infringers is ethical: today I would like to hear any convincing argument why this lawsuit occupies a higher ground than Florida's “Pure Law of Discovery” fishing expeditions run by con artists John Steele and Keith Lipscomb.
I have added a new page dedicated to a case filed in Pennsylvania's local court — Liberty Media v. John Does 1-441. Raul wrote a nice overview of this case, which is duplicated below for casual surfers, those who don't want to dive to the depths of this site. I only want to add a few points:
To avoid duplication, please discuss this case in the comment section of the cases's page, not below.
Case overview
By Raul, copied from the page dedicated to this case
All warfare is based on deception.
— Sun Tzu, The Art of War
Such is the lawsuit entitled Liberty Media Holdings, LLC v. John Does 1-441; a deception being practiced upon the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas in which the plaintiff is seeking pre-complaint discovery of the personal identifying information of 441 Comcast subscribers. Plaintiff has claimed that it needs this discovery in accordance with Pa. R. Civ. Procedure 4003.8 (writ of summons) so as to bring a future complaint for unjust enrichment and conversion against these individuals based upon their alleged pirating of plaintiff's unspecified adult content during the period of 10/30/2011 through 2/2/2012.
Jordan Rushie
On 3/18/2012 Judge Allan L. Tereshko granted the plaintiff pre-complaint discovery by means of a subpoena on Comcast. Subsequently on 6/11/2012 Comcast filed a motion to quash the subpoena and a motion for a protective order which was denied on 7/13/2012. Plaintiff filed a petition on 7/20/2012 to hold Comcast in contempt of court for failing to produce the pre-complaint discovery which has yet to be decided. Comcast made a motion for reconsideration of the judge's denial on 7/23/12 which the judge also denied on 7/31/12. Undeterred Comcast filed a motion for permission to take an interlocutory appeal of the judge's denial of their motions to the Superior Court on 8/1/2012. One of the John Does file a motion to quash the Comcast subpoena on 8/3/12 which is pending.
Does wishing to fight this lawsuit should look at some of its obvious problems:
Lack of subject matter jurisdiction: A future state lawsuit for unjust enrichment and conversion is preempted by the federal Copyright Act.
Lack of personal jurisdiction: TAC has pointed out that the large majority of the IP addresses are located outside of Pennsylvania and the individuals linked to those addresses may be outside of the court's jurisdiction (long-arm statute).
Improper joinder
Damages: Unlike a copyright infringement lawsuit, there are no statutory damages for unjust enrichment or conversion. In all likelihood plaintiff's damages would equal a lost sale (i.e. purchase price of the adult content). Plaintiff has admitted this in its motion to take pre-complaint discovery (unjust enrichment = “…film's sale's price, which is normally paid by law-abiding customers”). So assuming the high end of a retail sale for plaintiff's content; $60 per film downloaded as damages.
The best grounds for a motion to quash comes from the standard for pre-complaint discovery: “Under no circumstance should a plaintiff be allowed to embark upon a “fishing expedition,” or otherwise rely on an amorphous discovery process to detect a cause of action he lacks probable cause to anticipate prior to the pre-complaint discovery process under this standard.” He said that he couldn't find any previous case where pre-complaint discovery was used to obtain the identity of a John Doe, let alone 400 of them, which made this a fishing expedition. (This is a lawyer's opinion: thanks to anonymous commenter for this update.)
Update
9/5/2012
Derobert & The Half Truths perform 'I Got Burned' for BalconyTV Brooklyn
Subscribe to us right now at http://bit.ly/15yj4oc
'Like' us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/balconytvbk
Follow us on Twitter - https://twitter.com/BalconyTVBK
Visit us on http://www.balconytv.com/
DEROBERT & THE HALF TRUTHS - I GOT BURNED
PRESENTED BY JOSEPH KELLEY
BROUGHT TO YOU IN ASSOCIATION WITH THE END, NYC.
http://www.theendnyc.com/
Produced by Chris O'Konski
Mixed by The End
DeRobert & The Half-Truths are the house band for Nashville, TN
raw funk label G.E.D. Soul Records. The Half-Truths got their start
in 2007 as a collection of studio musicians lending their talent to the
fledgling G.E.D. Soul recording operation. It was with the addition of
DeRobert Adams and his impressive broad range of vocal skills that
the band began to solidify into the soul powerhouse it is today. After
releasing a string of heavy duty raw funk 45's and a strong full
length album, the band has caught the ear of funk and soul heads
world wide. With the release of their five song 7 inches the "Beg Me" EP in
July, the DeRobert & The Half-Truths' sound continues to grow with
loads of heavy funk and raw soul.
www.gedsoulrecords.com/derobert.html
www.facebook.com/derobertandthehalftruths
Tune in again!
Harry Shelton, principal at Morse High School, said that Greggory Davis was an outgoing, personable and soft-spoken young man who was going places. NBC 7's Wendy Fry has more on the principle's reaction. (Published Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2016)
A Skyline teenager who had just turned 18 and graduated from high school was shot and killed Tuesday on the street where he lived, family members told NBC 7.
Greggory Davis, 18, was killed and another man was injured in a shooting at 5:40 p.m. on 61st and Alderley streets, the San Diego Police Department (SDPD) confirmed.
He was standing with a group of people near the intersection when they were approached by two men on foot. The suspects opened fire on the group using handguns and then ran eastbound on Alderley, police said.
‘It Hurts So Bad': Family Mourns Slain Teen
The family of Skyline teenager Greg Davis is grieving as police search for the two men who shot and killed Davis and wounded hi friend. NBC 7's Liberty Zabala speaks with the victim's godmother, who said the family had just celebrated Davis' high school graduation and 18th birthday, and now they have to plan his funeral. (Published Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2016)
Davis was shot in the upper body. The second victim, a 25-year old San Diego man, was shot once in the leg.
People in the area took the men to Paradise Valley Hospital before police arrived. Both victims were then transported to another hospital because Paradise Valley does not have a trauma unit.
Davis lives on Alderley Street, according to police. The condition of the second victim is unknown.
Relatives of Davis say the young man had just celebrated his birthday on July 12.
Davis' godmother holds up a photo of the teenager who had just graduated from Morse High School.
Photo credit: NBC 7
He was finishing summer school courses after having graduated from Morse High School, according to a spokesperson for San Diego Unified School District.
"I just want to be clear that he was not one student that had a lot of discipline issues. He was not a student that hung out with a lot of kids that were mischievous or anything like that," said Morse HS Principal Harry Shelton.
Shelton said Greg was an outgoing, personable and soft-spoken young man.
His grandmother said Davis was planning on getting his drivers license.
"I can't believe it. I'm still in shock. It hasn't hit me yet and it hasn't hit his mother yet," said Jacalyn Marshall. "When it's the bad kids, you can kinda understand but Greg was a good kid. Greg stayed to himself."
Neighbors told NBC 7 San Diego that Greg was considering joining the U.S. Army.
Anyone with information related to this incident is encouraged to call the San Diego Police Department's Homicide Unit or Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477.
You've probably heard about the bad rap vitamin D has been getting lately.
The argument goes something like this… the vitamin D crisis isn't as bad as we thought. You probably don't need as much of it as we thought. But it's a free country. So go ahead and take 400 IU of it per day, if you want. That's more than enough. Just don't go over 4,000 IU per day. “High doses” like that can increase your risk for “harm”
These new guidelines come from the U.S. Institute of Medicine (or IOM), a powerful non-profit agency that advises the nation of matters of health. But here's the problem: Their report is pure propaganda.
In fact, I believe these low doses of vitamin D are a deliberate attempt to keep the American public needing more drugs until the day they die. (I'll admit, that sounds a tad paranoid. But I'll explain why my paranoia is well-founded a moment.)
First, let's look at the three major problems with the IOM research.
Leave it to the IOM to redefine “majority”
First off, the IOM report states that the “majority” of adults living in the U.S. get enough vitamin D… and that's just nonsense.
As you may recall, I've written before about a major CDC study that found almost 80 percent of Americans don't get enough vitamin D. Plus, another major study by researchers from the University of Tennessee came up with similar results. In fact, this time researchers found that 87 percent of the general population is mildly to severely deficient in vitamin D.
Even the most conservative estimates put vitamin D deficiencies at about 50 percent of the population.
So how the IOM can confidently claim the “majority” of Americans get enough vitamin D, I have no idea!
Spend a minute in the sun each day
The IOM report also states that “North Americans need on average 400 International Units (IUs) of vitamin D per day. People age 71 and older may require as much as 800 IUs per day because of potential changes in people's bodies as they age.”
Again, this is pure nonsense. But before I go any further, here's a quick biochemistry primer…
The IOM says you only need 400 IU of vitamin D. But they actually mean 400 IU of vitamin D3 (or cholecalciferol). Your skin makes this natural form of vitamin D when exposed to sunlight. In fact, spending just 30 minutes in the sun without sunscreen, your skin will produce anywhere from 10,000 IU to 50,000 IU of D3! Plus, you can also take D3 as a supplement.
Next…
Vitamin D3 passes through your liver and it turns into a pre-hormone called 25-hydroxycholecalciferol. This is abbreviated as 25(OH)D.
When you get a vitamin D blood test, we really want to see how much 25(OH)D is in your blood. We measure 25(OH)D in nanomoles per liter or nmol/l.
Now, stick with me, because here's where it gets interesting…
According to the IOM report, taking just 400 IU of vitamin D3 per day will give 97 percent of us a blood serum level of 50 nmol/l. And that level will protect us from fractures. Sounds okay, I guess. But let me put this another way to show you just how silly the IOM recommendation really is…
Let's assume that your body makes 10,000 IU of D3 for every 30 minutes spent in the sun without sunscreen. (Most experts say you make at least twice that much…but let's not get picky.) So, how long does it take for your body to make 400 IU of D3?
Hurray! Just 1.2 minutes in the sun! That's all you need to keep your bones strong.
Is it me, or does that just sound wrong?
Well, here's the good news. It isn't just me. It is wrong. And there's some solid scientific proof to back me up…
IOM gets their numbers wrong
Two major meta-analysis' in 2009 found that 50 nmol/l of 25(OH)D in your blood isn't enough to protect you from a fracture or a fall. In fact, 28 separate studies found that 50 nmol/l isn't enough!
Plus, the International Osteoporosis Foundation recommends men and women have 75 nmol/l of 25(OH)D. This is what it takes to protect you from accidental falls and fractures. Lastly, numerous studies over the years show that the more 25(0H)D in your blood, the greater your bone density. But to get up to those higher levels of 25(OH)D, you need more D3.
Here's another interesting twist. The authors of the IOM report most likely knew about all this research… they just chose to ignore it.
You see, before publishing the new vitamin D guidelines, the IOM board consulted with Dr. Walter Willet. The board even thanked Dr. Willet at the end of their report.
So who's Dr. Willet?
He's a vitamin D expert and Chair of the Department of Nutrition at Harvard. He also co-wrote one of the 2009 reports on vitamin D I mentioned earlier. The IOM, however, ignored his findings.
But don't feel bad, Dr. Willet. Yours isn't the only research the IOM ignored…
IOM report ignores research on vitamin D and disease
Remember how I told you the IOM said 400 IU of D3 is enough to protect you against osteoporosis? Well, what about everything else… like cancer and heart disease?
In a press conference, IOM chair Dr. Catherine Ross said “We could not find solid evidence that consuming more [vitamin D] would protect the public from chronic disease ranging from cancer to diabetes to improved immune function.” And with that simple statement, Dr. Ross lost all credibility.
Here are some of the best studies linking vitamin D and major diseases:
Breast cancer:
Women with vitamin D blood serum levels less than 50 nmol/mL are eight times more likely to develop an aggressive form of breast cancer.
Colon cancer:
Men and women with the highest vitamin D levels cut their colon cancer risk by 40 percent.
Heart Disease & Stroke:
Men and women with low vitamin D double their heart attack or stroke risk.
Cognitive decline:
Older women with low vitamin D are twice as likely to suffer cognitive impairment.
Diabetes:
A whopping 91 percent of diabetics have low levels of vitamin D in their blood. Plus, the less vitamin D in their blood, the greater their blood sugar problems.
And I'm just scratching the surface here! If you want to look at all the scientific data on vitamin D, the vitamin D Council is a good place to start. They list the studies by disease, so you can see all the scientific data Dr. Catherine Ross and her colleagues missed.
In closing, there's one last reason why the IOM report has the pungent smell of propaganda…
There's a rat in the house
Glenville Jones, PhD is one of the authors of the IOM report. He's a scientist and also the co-inventor of drugs made by a company called Cytochroma. Whut what condition will they treat with their top-secret drugs?
You got it.
Vitamin D deficiencies!
(I'm not making this stuff up. You can see the patent for yourself at the U.S. Patent Office website.)
Dr. Jones also sits on the scientific advisory board of a drug company called Receptor Therapeutics. These guys also made a synthetic vitamin D treatment for cancer.. .in fact THREE synthetic vitamin D treatments for cancer. (Drug companies use synthetic vitamin D because they can patent it and make a huge profit. You can't patent natural vitamin D.)
Well, isn't that so thoughtful…
You don't need to take vitamin D. But if you do happen to get cancer… guess who plans to have a vitamin D drug you can take?
Here's the bottom line for you: Ignore anything published by the IOM. Take up to 5,000 IU of natural vitamin D3 each day. And avoid anything made by Cytochroma and Receptor Therapeutics even if it's just on principle alone.
LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Tiny pieces of plastic have been found in drinking water on five continents - from Trump Tower in New York to a public tap on the shores of Lake Victoria in Uganda - posing a potential risk to people's health, researchers said on Wednesday.
Plastic degrades over time into tiny particles known as microplastics, which were found in 83 percent of samples from Germany to Cuba to Lebanon analyzed by U.S.-based digital news organization Orb Media.
“If you ask people whether they want to be eating or drinking plastic, they just say: ‘No, that's a dumb question',” said Sherri Mason, one of study's authors and a chemistry professor at the State University of New York.
“It's probably not something that we want to be ingesting, but we are, whether through our drinking water, through beer, juice. It's in our food, sea-salt, mussels. Nobody is safe,” she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Microplastics of up to 5 millimeters are also in bottled water, she said.
The health impacts of ingesting plastics are unclear but studies on fish have shown they inhibit hatching of fertilized eggs, stunt growth, and make them more susceptible to predators, increasing mortality rates.
Microplastics absorb toxic chemicals from the marine environment, which are released into the bodies of fish and mammals who consume them, Orb Media's chief executive, Molly Bingham, said in a statement.
While many studies have shown the prevalence of microplastics in the world's oceans, where more than 5 trillion pieces of plastic are floating, it is the first time research has been conducted into drinking water.
A 28-year-old glamor model from Germany who spent more than £50,000 on plastic surgery to achieve what are reported to be “Europe's largest boobs” has now gone even further by turning herself into a “black woman.”Martina Big, who has size 70S cup boobs, has used a series of tanning injections to turn her fair skin into what she describes as a “dark crispy brown” and has changed her blonde straight hair into “African hair.”In April, the Mirror newspaper reported that Martina had taken three tanning injections and had radically changed the color of her skin. At that point, Martina said that she had no desire to be a black woman but was interested in the contrast between her blonde hair and her extreme tan!3 months later, however, the German woman has released a video of herself on a visit to Hollywood in which she says, “I am now a black woman with African hair.”
What do you think of her transformation? Let us know in the comments!
Brad Sills thought he had seen it all in 35-plus years volunteering with Whistler Search and Rescue, but this past weekend brought something entirely new and bizarre — simultaneous distress calls from two separate but identical accidents caused by clueless cliff-jumping snowmobilers landing on other sledders.
"They were friends snowmobiling on separate machines," said Sills. "In both instances one rider ended up getting run over by their buddy who followed too close behind."
"In the first instance it was just a dislocated shoulder which dis-enabled the person from either driving or riding as a passenger," he said. "The second one was a significant crush injury with huge trauma. He had to be airlifted out of the Whistler clinic to Vancouver."
"There seems to be a higher accident rate [for snowmobilers] than other user groups such as back country skiers," says Whister Search and Rescue Manager Brad Sills. (whistler.com)
Estimates put one of the jumps at close to 20 metres high. Sills couldn't comment on whether impairment was a factor in either Darwin award-worthy accident, but says it's not unheard of.
"You start to understand the strain that it puts on a volunteer," he stated.
Higher accident rate
Distressed snowmobilers are a growth sector for Whistler Search and Rescue accounting for over 50 per cent of winter call outs five year running. Not only do snowmobile accidents outnumber every other winter activity combined, the percentage of accidents-per-participant is unusually high.
"There seems to be a higher accident rate [for snowmobilers] than other user groups such as back country skiers," said Sills. "The number of participants isn't' t nearly as high yet the accident rate is higher."
Snowmobiling is booming and there's nothing to stop anyone with enough money to buy a sled from riding off into B.C.'s back country. The machines have become lighter, more powerful and easier to operate, and there's no licensing or educational requirement, just the B.C mandatory off-road vehicle registration requirement, which isn't regularly enforced.
Going into complex alpine terrain
"You can buy one of these snowmobiles and in 20 minutes you can find yourself in terrain that say, 30 years ago, people wouldn't have entered without the assistance of a certified mountain guide," said Sills. "[Snowmobilers] are going into complex alpine terrain fraught with crevasses, avalanche danger, hidden creek beds, fast moving water, all sorts of dangers.
Snowmobiles have become lighter, more powerful and easier to operate in recent years, making the sport more accessible. (Shawna McLeod/Beavertail Jamboree)
"So now we have motor vehicles running around huge distances away from emergency assistance. Ambulances can't reach them, police can't reach them, firemen can't reach them. And we're having significant trauma that search and rescue groups are struggling to cope with because, in any other setting, these would be handled by advanced life paramedics."
Complicating matters is that B.C. is a snowmobiling destination, drawing huge numbers of tourists who lack knowledge of terrain and conditions, something that may have been a factor in the recent death of a Seattle snowmobiler near Pemberton.
"We're seeing people travelling from out of province to these great venues for snowmobiling with absolutely no base knowledge of what the terrain is like," said Sills. "This recent fatality was in an area that local snowmobilers were well versed in, but somebody visiting from somewhere else would just see this large white field and zip along."
Education, not enforcement
Sill believes it's time for snowmobilng to be included in the Adventure Smart outdoor education program as a way of increasing awareness, and thinks some of the recently announced $10-million dollars SAR funding could help pay for it.
It's an idea the B.C. Snowmobiling Association could get behind, although director Penny Cartwright says she'd also like to see more back country safety taught in schools.
X Games has popularized extreme snowmobiling although weekend warriors who try to mimic the stunts they've seen on T.V. often find themselves in big trouble. (The Associated Press)
"My magic wand wish is exactly what he's talking about but pushing it into high schools across B.C. as an elective," she said. "A course that teaches back country safety across the board, that has a snowmobile aspect along with hiking and all your back country knowledge."
Cartwright believes education, not enforcement, is the way to make snowmobiling safer, although it's unlikely education campaigns will reach everyone, especially that segment of sledders liable to crush their own friends.
"The weekend warriors out re-enacting what they've seen on T.V. — what are you thinking?" said Cartwright. "It's one at a time on a slope or jump always. That's just common sense."
The world is currently experiencing the worst Ebola outbreak in history — it's in West Africa and has killed about 672 people as of July 23.
But what would happen if the disease came to America?
The scenario isn't as far-fetched as it might sound. With air travel as common as it is, borders don't mean all that much when it comes to disease. It's entirely possible — though by no means certain — that at some point, someone infected with Ebola could get on a plane and land in the United States. And then what?
As it turns out, experts say, we'd probably be able to contain an Ebola outbreak here pretty quickly. But it's worth exploring why that is. The outbreak in West Africa is so severe for a number of key reasons, including a lack of resources, inadequate infection control measures, and mistrust of health workers. The United States, by contrast, has far better public-health infrastructure. And that makes all the difference.
So here's a detailed look at how Ebola in America might go down:
1) The first 24 hours: identify the outbreak
The most likely way for Ebola to arrive in the United States would be an infected person flying from West Africa who has Ebola but doesn't even know it. Ebola can hide in a person's body from two days to three weeks before symptoms emerge. And people don't transmit Ebola during that incubation time — they're only contagious once they show symptoms.
eARLY SYMPTOMS COULD BE CONFUSED WITH THE FLU or DIARRHEA
Once an initial Ebola patient starts feeling sick, the person will probably seem at first like he or she has the flu or traveler's diarrhea. (Some of the more famous symptoms of Ebola, like bleeding from orifices, don't tend to come on until later. And bleeding doesn't even happen in about half of cases.)
Although the patient would now be contagious, that doesn't mean that it's exceptionally easy to catch. Ebola doesn't spread through the air, and it's harder to catch than things like the flu. You can't get it just from being on the same plane or in the same public space. The only way to get Ebola is to touch a patient's bodily fluids, like vomit, diarrhea, sweat, saliva, or blood.
Now would be when speed and public awareness plays a big role, no matter where in the world an Ebola patient is. The patient or someone around her will have to figure out: (1) This is something that looks like the flu or diarrhea and (2) This person was just in a country that has Ebola.
If people realize that this might be Ebola early on, they should be able to avoid getting infected by keeping away from the patient's bodily fluids. But if that doesn't cross their minds for a while, people will be more likely to get the virus by accident. In that first day of symptoms, every hour counts.
2) The next step: isolate the patient
In US hospitals, any suspected case of Ebola would be treated as a potential risk until tests come back negative. This means that standard procedures to protect other patients and health-care workers from the patient's bodily fluids would be put into place.
Because Ebola doesn't spread through the air, hospital workers wouldn't have to wear respirators or what you might think of as full Outbreak gear. However, they would protect their body and face from fluids that might splash on them, using things like gowns or full bodysuits, masks, gloves, and goggles.
Anything that touches the patient would be sterilized or disposed of in a safe manner. And if the patient dies, the body would be carefully handled so that it won't be a danger to anyone, either.
Better adherence to these safety guidelines is one reason why the virus wouldn't spread as quickly in the United States as it has in West Africa. For example, over there, some health-care workers have gotten infected, most likely because the rules weren't followed as closely. And there's actually a reason for that — people who are supposed to wear protective suits in 100°F weather will get extremely hot and might cut corners, says Michael Osterholm, of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota. But US hospitals are more climate controlled, he says, and even that small difference makes a breach less likely.
3) Track down other potential patients
Detective work is a major part of controlling a disease like Ebola. Experts would interview the patient, her relatives, and other potential close contacts to monitor them and make sure that they don't spread the disease to others.
Officials will then suggest various options for these people, depending on the level of risk, including watching and waiting, isolation at home, and testing for infection.
Tracking down contacts has been especially problematic in West Africa in ways that unlikely to happen in the US. An editorial in the major medical journal The Lancet says "The geographical spread of cases and movement of people in and between the three countries presents a huge challenge in tracing those who might be infected." And the World Health Organization says that "low coverage of contact tracing" is one key problem it uncovered in a recent assessment the Ebola response in Liberia.
4) Keep patients in hospital until they're not a threat
It's important to remember that about 40 percent of the patients in this Ebola outbreak have survived. There's no specific pill or shot that will make an Ebola infection go away, but doctors can try to make the patient comfortable, give IV fluids, and treat symptoms.
To prevent Ebola from spreading, health authorities wouldn't release a patient from the hospital until it's clear that the person won't be a danger to others.
This might seem intuitive, but it hasn't always happened in West Africa. For example, the BBC reports that there are several missing patients in Sierra Leone — where some people don't trust that medical care will help them. That, obviously, increases the odds that the outbreak will spread.
The best case scenario and the worst case scenario
To sum up, the best case scenario is that someone come back from, say, Guinea, realizes that he might possibly have Ebola as soon as he starts feeling sick. Everyone makes sure not to touch her vomit or diarrhea or other fluids. And the outbreak ends with just one patient.
The worst case scenario is that this person is ill for days and in contact with a whole lot of people before anyone realizes that something unusual is going on and brings her to a hospital. But it's still unlikely that Ebola will get farther than a local problem in one city or town. Even in the worst case scenario, "I don't think we'll have a serious public health threat in any of the developed countries," Osterholm says.
For more on the basics of the Ebola outbreak, check out my previous story Ebola: what you need to know.
Update: Included more examples of bodily fluids that can transmit Ebola and removed a statement that Ebola can't be transmitted by cough or sneeze.
Against Me ! singer Tom Gabel has been in the headlines this year as he undergoes the transition from male to female to become Laura Jane Grace. But if she needs someone to talk with about being a rocker undergoing such a change, she might want to reach out to Life of Agony 's Mina Caputo.
Last July, the longtime metal vocalist known as Keith Caputo revealed that he was making the transition from male to female and would be known as Mina Caputo. The musician tells Noisecreep.com , "I got a lot of grief for it, but it was nothing compared to the years of pain I went through not being open about the way I felt inside."
Caputo says that it was difficult growing up and having another side that lived as a female, and it only intensified once puberty hit. She recalls, "I grew up in the '80s and information about being transgender and the way I was feeling just wasn't out there. Or at least, it wasn't that easy to find. I knew I didn't feel like a boy, and that made me extremely uncomfortable."
The singer says she doesn't detest masculinity or testosterone, but she feels the transformation was more about humanity than it was gender. She adds, "I feel like I'm bigger than gender. I'm gender-less. I know it's confusing, because most people can't think outside of the box. Society wants to think of males on one side and females on the other, but there's more to it than just that."
Caputo says after the revelation, there were some uncomfortable moments trying to continue in the world of metal. She adds, "The majority of our fans have always been male, and I've experienced a lot of closed-minded people in the metal world. You know, a lot of people that just don't know what's going on. What I want those people to know is that I'm a beautiful human being. Don't get me wrong - I've had a lot of support [in the metal scene], but there has also been a lot of rejection and criticism about my life."
The singer says that even with her inner feelings, she still lived the life of a rock god and adds that promiscuous sex with plenty of beautiful women were part of her pre-transition life. Caputo adds, "I've lived that life and it was a lot of fun, but it wasn't enough for me. It wasn't my heart. I was still in so much pain. I'm so much happier now and want to share this with everyone."
Watch Mina Caputo's Video for 'Silver Candy'
E3 is creeping up, and many people are wondering what Microsoft would bring to the table. The rumor mill is heating up in the Microsoft camp, so might finally have caught a clue. According to our snitch, Microsoft will be release two new Xbox One models by 2017.
Our snitch has three sources that told them Microsoft aims to ship out a slimmer Xbox One by the end of this year. It's also rumored to contain a two terabyte hard drive. But here's where things start to get juicy. Microsoft is also rumored to bring out an upgraded Xbox One in 2017.
It's alleged code name is “Scorpio” and it will contain an improved GPU capable of handling 4K resolution. No word on if the CPU will be upgraded. If it's not, then, that would be beyond half ass. It'd increase loading times on games with larger resolutions. What makes this really interesting is it's also rumored that Microsoft wants to get in bed with Oculus Rift. They're currently seeking out a long-term partnership with them.
This makes sense. My friend and I always joke about the Xbox One and Oculus Rift. We all knew I'd eventually come to Xbox One, but we couldn't figure out how it would run the VR headset. You need a beefy PC to run Oculus, so we knew the struggle 720p box couldn't run it. It looks like Microsoft knows too and that's why upgraded hardware could be on the way.
Shit is getting crazy!
Critics of initiative to be unveiled by David Cameron talk of 'Big Brother' system that could identify individuals
Controversial plans to build a massive database that would be capable of storing every British citizen's DNA records will be unveiled this week by the prime minister.
David Cameron will announce a groundbreaking initiative designed to position the UK at the forefront of the genetic revolution – a potentially multibillion-pound industry that is attracting attention from major technology companies, including Google.
The plan has been drawn up by the Human Genomics Strategy Group, run by Professor Sir John Bell, an adviser to the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, with support from the Wellcome Trust, the country's largest charity.
Last week Cameron's senior policy advisor, Rohan Silva, said that the NHS's patient records were a "valuable asset" and predicted that sharing them in a safe, secure and anonymous way with researchers would allow the UK to be at the forefront of the next generation of health technologies.
"The UK has developed a life sciences strategy that is based around using the collection of NHS data … as a catalyst for life sciences innovation and growth," Silva explained in an interview. He also said that the government has learned from previous large-scale technology projects that failed.
Both the Tories and the Liberal Democrats opposed plans for a DNA database put forward under Labour, partly due to concerns that it could affect people's civil liberties.
But the coalition is expected to allow people who do not want their data stored to "opt out" – which will go some way to alleviating concerns from human rights groups.
However, there are worries about how the data will be used and shared with third parties, including commercial organisations.
The campaign group Genewatch, which is critical of the plan, claims anyone with access to the database could track an individual using their DNA and then identify their relatives.
It warns anyone with access to the data would be able to work out the identity of individuals even if they are not given names and addresses.
"Plans to build a DNA database of everybody in the NHS are a massive waste of public money and a gravy train for IT and gene sequencing companies and private healthcare," said Genewatch's director, Dr Helen Wallace. This Big Brother project will allow every individual and their relatives to be identified and tracked and makes the scrapped plans for ID cards look like small government."
Other experts have expressed doubts about some of the claims being made for genomics. The IVF pioneer, Professor Lord Robert Winston, told a literary festival over the summer that the hype around the human genome was "complete balls".
Dr Stuart Hogarth, of the department of social science, health and medicine at King's College London, pointed out that the UK already had a DNA database, the UK biobank, which has more than half a million records.
He added that the government did not have a good track record when it came to running major NHS IT projects. The £15bn patient record database was scrapped last year and many projects have come in over budget. "The reality is that much of the data won't be useful," Hogarth said.
"Before we start using genetic data in clinical practice we need to demonstrate that it's going to improve clinical outcomes."
This Friday night, experience the Philadelphia Museum of Art like never before as it celebrates its marquee exhibition, Treasures from Korea: Arts and Culture of the Joseon Dynasty, 1392-1910, with a K-Pop dance party and fashion show.
K-Pop, or Korean pop, hails from South Korea and calls on audiovisual elements, catchy melodies and repetitive dance moves to please its worldwide audience.
The popularity of K-Pop is evident everywhere from South Korea to Latin America to the United States.
On Friday, the Philadelphia Museum of Art ushers in I Love Dance, a New York City-based troupe made up of seasoned K-Pop dancers. The dance group is slated to perform a K-Pop dance, lead a mini-dance class and end the night with an all-out dance party.
Also look forward to a runway show featuring designs made by students from the Art Institute of Philadelphia for a treasure from Korea-inspired fashion show throughout Great Stair Hall.
The K-Pop Dance Party and Fashion Show are presented as part of the museum's weekly Art After 5 event, but for this special evening, the museum is set to stay open even later than usual — until 9:45 p.m.
Admission to the party is included in the price of general admission.
Put on your dancing shoes, folks!
K-Pop Dance Party and Fashion Show
When: Friday, March 28, 5-9:45 p.m.
Where: Philadelphia Museum of Art, 2600 Benjamin Franklin Parkway
Cost: Included in general admission
More info: www.philamuseum.org
Sure, you can criticise the food and the elbows, but nothing beats the ability to skip around the world from the (relative) comfort of a chair 30,000 feet in the air.
History so pervades the United Kingdom that its citizens can't focus on the present - just look at the debate over Margaret Thatcher's tenure in the 80s.
I'm not bald and I don't wear a suit, but I might as well be an economist for all the good they have done predicting the future.
Posted
I have traded a few phrases with the editor, stood at the back looking confused during James Murdoch's presentations on the 'digital future' and I have played football with two reporters now helping the police with their inquiries.
Hopefully, my incidental role means I am not tainted by association, but allows me to say 'I was there' to witness perhaps the last days of one of the world's great newspapers.
No, not the News Of The World; I'm talking about The Times.
Topics: information-and-communication, journalism, print-media
You may know him as the co-founder of Interscope Records and the visionary who created Beats (with his partner, Dr. Dre), then sold it to Apple for $3 billion. And yes, that is primarily why Jimmy Iovine is a Man of This Year. But did you know he was a sound engineer on Born to Run? That he produced Patti Smith's Easter, Tom Petty's Damn the Torpedoes, U2's Rattle and Hum? That he co-produced the film 8 Mile? That he's a Big Brain in Residence at Apple now? We're running out of room here, but you get it: Jimmy Iovine has been a man of many, many years and decades before this one, and this interview is long overdue
Jimmy Iovine is in his sixties now, but he still carries himself like a teenager. He's wiry and friendly, and he can't sit still. It's easy to see him as the kid he was when he started sweeping floors in a New York recording studio at 19. Almost a year later, 1973, he creates his big break: John Lennon is in the studio, recording a solo album. Iovine tinkers with a track Lennon's been struggling with. Lennon hears it and, grateful to Iovine, says, "Stay in the chair."
Word gets around about Iovine. Two years later, he's the sound engineer on Bruce Springsteen's Born to Run. Through the '70s and '80s, his reputation grows, the names pile up. Tom Petty. Patti Smith. U2. In 1990, Iovine starts a record label, Interscope. One day a young rapper comes in, plays a track. The guy is Andre Young, a.k.a. Dr. Dre. The album is The Chronic. Over the next two decades, Iovine signs Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Nine-Inch Nails, Lady Gaga. Too many to name.
Cut to 2006. Dre tells Iovine he's getting offers to do a sneaker line. "Screw sneakers," Iovine says. "Let's do speakers." Frustrated by the lack of quality headphones to go with the iPod, they start the headphones line Beats by Dr. Dre, which soon expands into a streaming business. This spring, Iovine and Dre sold it all to Apple for $3 billion, and Iovine stepped down as chairman of Interscope Geffen A&M. Apple bought him, too—to help the company imagine the future and, in the words of Iovine, "make a service that is as compelling as the music."
How did Apple come to buy Beats?
** **I convinced them that they had to buy this company. I said, "I don't want to work for anybody else. I want to do this at Apple. I know I can achieve this at Apple. I don't want to shop it. I wanna come here, to Steve's company. I know you guys; I know what you're capable of; I know you get popular culture. I know you have a hole in music right now; let me plug it." I think it was two years before they said yeah.
What do you mean they had a "hole" in music?
** **After Steve died, and with the rise of streaming, I could see they needed something. Beats Music fit.
You grew up in Red Hook—
** **I came from Brooklyn. My nickname was Moochie. My father was incredible, a longshoreman; my mother was a secretary. Very "go to work" people. That's how I saw things. I loved music, and I wanted to do something different.
When did you get turned on to music?
** **Very simple: "She Loves You." Boom! I was on the floor of my mother's house, looking at an RCA television, waiting for the Beatles to come on.
You never thought of music before that?
** **No. It was like getting burnt. You remember it.
John Lennon once asked you why you got into music. And you lied to him.
** **Well, yeah, because you've got a Beatle asking you. You know, I'm 20 years old, and he goes, "Why are you doing this?" I said, "I saw you guys on Ed Sullivan; I bought a guitar, and I wanted to be in a band. And I realized I couldn't be in a band, so I wanted to get as close to it as I can." I said, "John, why'd you get into it?" He said, "To get laid." I said, "Fuck, that's why I got into it!"
Which is interesting, because you gained success with these artists by being brutally honest with them. The power of the truth, right?
** **Every day. Springsteen and Patti [Smith] were so uncompromising. They were going for greatness. And in the studio, remember: The truth is attached to something. I was always able to care about their music as much as they did. When I was in there with them, there was nothing else I gave a shit about in life. Nothing. Not even myself.
See, I'm a sponge. I can't learn in school, but I can learn from somebody who I think is cool and great. I have a gift: I'm very lucky to be able to spot when a person is special. I'm good at casting my life, you know?
How did you meet Dre?
** **Him and Suge [Knight, then CEO of Death Row Records] came in, and they brought The Chronic. I'd just come out of Rattle and Hum with U2. I knew hip-hop was going around, but I had no idea what it was. And then Dre walked in, and I said, "I don't know hip-hop, but I know my speakers. Who engineered it?" Dre said, "I did." When they told me the story of how they made the record, you might as well make a record falling out of a building. They were sneaking into studios; the government was after them; there were lawsuits, one RICO case, all on a bunch of guys who had no money and were making an album. I said, "Wow. If you can do it under those circumstances, let's go."
You've said that the motto of Beats is: Everything we know could possibly be wrong already.
** **I approach everything like that. If you don't think that, you're old, whether you're 25 or 55. And it's scary to keep moving. [David] Geffen's been telling me for thirty years: "Don't define yourself by your job, or else you're not going to be able to move forward. You'll be trapped." He pounded that into my head. Life is a balance of fear and overcoming it. You can use fear as a tailwind or a headwind. I'm most proud that I thought of Beats at 55. Dre and I want to move the needle on the culture. That's everything to me. "We caused it." I'd say it's more important than money, but you wouldn't believe me.
All I can tell you is how I feel. I feel open to anything. Here's an example. In 1998, Death Row was exploding; 'Pac got killed just before; everything was fuckin' upside-down. And my assistant got married, so they put in a temp. And the kid had balls. He said, "I went to this rap battle last night. I saw this kid who was incredible." I said, "Figure out how to get a CD from that kid, and I'll play it for Dre." Next day, he comes back: "Here it is." I listen to it, and I go, "I have no idea what the fuck this is." This guy is screaming about his mother; he wants to kill his mother. I come from a place where you don't kill your mother. Right? I saw Dre, and I gave it to him. The rest is a fabulous story. His name was Eminem.
Is there anything I haven't asked you that you want to—
** **Just my relationship with Dre. I want to make sure that's—'cause that's really a special thing. We trust each other implicitly. It's the closest to a band as I was ever in. We know what each other does, and we trust each other's instincts so much, that when he's moving somewhere and I go, "No," he goes, "Okay, let's not do that." We've been through a lot; this is a guy—I always say, "You may know a lot of people who have gotten shot, but you don't know a lot of people who have shot back."
What is peace for you?
** **When you wake up in the morning and you can be present. When I go up to Apple to work on this music service we're doing, I'm in it. [He spends a couple of days a week at Apple headquarters in Cupertino.] I'm in that spot from 1973, in the studio, just saying, "I've gotta crack the code on this thing." But I got it. It doesn't have me. The holy grail is peace, with ambition. Otherwise, you've wasted your life.
And did "it" used to have you?
** **It used to drive me. It was driving. And I wish I had been more chill, more happy about the work. But I was miserable. I was just working. I was like, "Okay, you're supposed to feel scared and freaked out and wanting to win and make hit records." So I did it twenty hours a day, seven days a week. That's all I did.
If you were advising the 19-year-old Jimmy, what would you say?
** **Get your bullshit out of your way and be open-minded. And then I'd push him in the direction of marrying technology and content. Most technology companies are culturally inept, and most entertainment companies are technologically inept. You can't live like that anymore.
That's it. You gotta be open like that, no matter how much helium you got, no matter how much money you got—you can't be defined by the success. Yeah, my relationships are helped because of all the success I've had, but I'm only as useful as the idea I have today or tomorrow. Otherwise, I'm just a trophy.
a = RandomReal[1, 200 {1, 1}]; Dynamic[Image[a = Rescale[a - GradientFilter[a, 2, Method -> "Sobel"]]]]
For symmetric initial conditions such as DiskMatrix[10, 200] the asymmetry appears after just one iteration of the filter. I guess the swirling rose is stable with respect to small numerical errors. I was unable to find any initial condition which didn't eventually lead to it, but there may well be other stable states that we haven't seen yet. Not exact arithmetic, but a bit of rounding makes it interesting... a = DiskMatrix[10, 200];
Dynamic[Image[a = Rescale[Round[a - GradientFilter[a, 2, Method -> "Sobel"], 0.09]]]]
For no particularly good reason, I made a version of my iterative gradient filter on a 3D image. It doesn't run very fast, as you might imagine, so I uploaded also a movie here. i = RandomReal[{0, 1}, {100, 100, 100}];
Do[i = Rescale[i - GradientFilter[i, 2]]; t = 2 Pi j/300.;
Export["image_" <> ToString[j] <> ".bmp",
Rasterize[Image3D[i^10, ViewPoint -> {3 Cos[t], 3 Sin[t], 2},
SphericalRegion -> True], ImageSize -> {300, 300}]], {j, 800}]
I love how Mathematica lets you create endless animations with just a tiny bit of code. Here is a short hypnocode with iterative image processing:For symmetric initial conditions such as DiskMatrix[10, 200] the asymmetry appears after just one iteration of the filter. I guess the swirling rose is stable with respect to small numerical errors. I was unable to find any initial condition which didn't eventually lead to it, but there may well be other stable states that we haven't seen yet. Not exact arithmetic, but a bit of rounding makes it interesting...For no particularly good reason, I made a version of my iterative gradient filter on a 3D image. It doesn't run very fast, as you might imagine, so I
Korea hosted a Formula 1 grand prix between 2010 and 2013
The Korean Grand Prix has been dropped from the 2015 calendar, reducing the season to 20 races.
The race was a surprise addition to the schedule last month but the FIA said on Tuesday that it had now been omitted from the final version of the calendar.
A spokesman said Korea had been added at commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone's request and removed when it became clear it was not viable.
The revised schedule has been published on the FIA's official website.
The decision is not a surprise.
It had been scheduled as the fifth race of the season on 3 May, just a week before the first European race in Spain, but sources had always insisted its inclusion was a ruse.
It was added as a potential way to allow the engine manufacturers to continue to use five engines this season, rather than the four demanded in the 2015 rules.
This plan was based on a rule that says each driver could have five engines in 2015 if the calendar had more than 20 races "as originally scheduled".
Top-level sources said the move came after pressure from, particularly, Renault and its works team Red Bull.
Renault struggled with reliability last year and is under pressure to improve its engine to try to catch up with the dominant unit from Mercedes.
But rival teams pointed out that the calendar published in December - which featured Korea but labelled it unconfirmed - was not the original schedule as a previous version, without Korea, had already been published in September.
And the pressure to allow drivers to use five engines over the season was reduced by the decision to allow limited in-season engine development, after Ferrari pointed out a loophole in the rules.
Authorities are still searching for information on a Northeastern University student who has been missing for more than two weeks.
Dennis Njoroge, 21, hasn't been seen since Nov. 28, university police said. He is about 5-foot-6 or 5-foot-7 with a thin build, brown eyes, and black hair. Officials say he is known to wear black pants, brown Timberland boots, an olive green jacket, and a plain black baseball cap.
“I want him home. I don't know where he is,'' Helen Kihara-Bouchard, Njoroge's mother, told WCVB. “I don't have any answers from anybody. He's never done this before, we have no clue what could have happened to him.''
Advertisement
Northeastern held a community vigil on Dec. 8 for Njoroge.
Overwhelming communal support @ this PM's vigil. Keep #hope 4 missing std Dennis Njoroge & pray 4 his friends & fam. pic.twitter.com/8AqSTdbSV9 — NU Police Department (@northeasternpd) December 9, 2015
“We are extremely concerned about a Northeastern University student who was reported missing earlier this week,'' Northeastern Vice President of Student Affairs Madeleine Estabrook said in a statement. “University officials, including NUPD, have been working closely and around the clock with city and state law enforcement officers, as well as with Dennis' family, in hopes of finding him safe. At the request of Dennis' family, we are sharing this information with the Northeastern community.''
Boston Police said there were no updates on his status at this time.
Anyone with information about Njoroge's whereabouts is encouraged to call Northeastern police at 617-373-4880.
Crime in Japan is higher among the country's elderly than its teenage population, new government data has revealed.
Japan's National Police Agency said that between January and June, 23,656 people aged 65 or older where subject to police action compared to 19,670 aged 14-19, according to Kyodo News Agency.
This is the first time since 1989 that the elderly offenders have overtaken the young.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
The elderly crime rate in Japan has doubled between 2003 and 2013, according to data from Bloomberg and in 2011 the number of elderly subject to criminal investigations accounted for 16 per cent of all those investigated, more than 6 times what it was twenty years ago.
The majority of crime committed by the Japanese elderly, according to a government white paper written in 2012, were acts of shoplifting by impoverished pensioners, although national police have said that homicides carried out by the elderly were rising with 50 times more assaults in 2011 than in 1992.
A 2012 editorial in the Japan Times said that the surge in elderly crime “primarily stems from bad economic conditions,” intensified by welfare cuts.
This rise in elderly crime has been directly related to Japan's “Silver Tsunami”. The country's aging and shrinking population has been a concern for a number of years, and currently over a quarter of the population is over 65 years old.
According to a study by the Population Reference Bureau Japan's population is expected to decrease by 25 per cent in the next 35 years as higher life expectancy and falling fertility make it the fastest aging nation in the world.
The crime rate has also had an impact on the demographic of Japan's jails were one in five prisoners are over the age of 60.
Japan's elderly poisoners, particularly those who commit more minor offences, may break the law in order to eschew feelings of loneliness and isolation, Kydo News suggested.
Koichi Hamai, a professor of criminology at Ryukoku University told the news agency: “In prison, criminals can find companionship, food and good care, when outside, they may lack family or financial support.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
* This is a critical article regarding the presence of historicism in modern AI predictions for the future.
Perhaps you already read about the Technological Singularity, since it is one of the hottest predictions for the future (there is even a university with that name), especially after the past years' development of AI, more precisely, after recent Deep Learning advancements that attracted a lot of attention (and bad journalism too). In his The Singularity is near (2005) book, Ray Kurzweil predicts that humans will transcend the “limitations of our biological bodies and brain”, stating also that “future machines will be human, even if they are not biological”. In other books, like The Age of Intelligent Machines (1990), he also predicts a new world government, computers passing Turing tests, exponential laws everywhere, and so on (not that hard to have a good recall rate with that amount of predictions right ?).
As science fiction, these predictions are pretty amazing, and many of them were very close to what happened in our “modern days” (and I also really love the works made by Arthur C. Clarke), however, there are a lot of people that are putting science clothes on what is called “futurism”, sometimes also called “future studies” or “futurology”, although as you can imagine, the last term is usually avoided due to some obvious reasons (sounds like astrology, and you don't want to be linked to pseudo-science right ?).
In this post, I would like to talk not about the predictions. Personally, I think that these points of view are really relevant to our future, just like the serious research on ethics and moral in AI, but I would like to criticize a very particular aspect of the status of how these ideas are being diffused, and I like to make the point here very clear: I'm NOT criticizing the predictions themselves, NEITHER the importance of these predictions and different views of the future, but the status of these ideas, because it seems that there is a major comeback of a kind of historicism in this particular field that I would like to discuss.
There is a very subtle line on where it is very easy to transit from a personal prediction of historical events to a view where you pretend that these predictions have a scientific status. Some harsh critics were made in the past regarding the Technological Singularity, such as this one from Steven Pinker (2008):
(…) There is not the slightest reason to believe in a coming singularity. The fact that you can visualize a future in your imagination is not evidence that it is likely or even possible. Look at domed cities, jet-pack commuting, underwater cities, mile-high buildings, and nuclear-powered automobiles—all staples of futuristic fantasies when I was a child that have never arrived. Sheer processing power is not a pixie dust that magically solves all your problems. (…) – – Steven Pinker, 2008
Steven Pinker is criticizing here an important aspect, that it is obvious but many people usually do not understand the implication of this: the fact that you can imagine something, isn't a reason or evidence that this is possible. Just like the ontological argument was criticized in the past by Immanuel Kant, where we have the same kind of transition.
However, what I would like to criticize here is the fact that a lot of futurists are postulating these predictions as if they have a scientific status, which is a gross misunderstanding of the scientific method that led to the development of the social historicism in the past, and that was hardly criticized by the philosopher Karl Popper in many different important works such as The Open Society and Its Enemies (1945) and on The Poverty of Historicism (1936) in the political context.
The historicism, as Popper describes, is characterized by the belief that once you have discovered the developmental laws (like the futurist exponential laws) of the history (or AI development), that would enable us to prophesy the destiny of man with a scientific status. Karl Popper found that the dangerous habit of historical prophecy, so widespread among our intellectual leaders, has various functions:
“It is always flattering to belong to the inner circle of the initiated, and to possess the unusual power of predicting the course of history. Besides, there is a tradition that intellectual leaders are gifted with such powers, and not to possess them may lead to the loss of caste. The danger, on the other hand, of their being unmasked as charlatans is very small, since they can always point out that it is certainly permissible to make less sweeping predictions; and the boundaries between these and augury are fluid.” – Karl Popper, 1945
Recently, we were also able to witness the debate between Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg, where you'll find all sort of criticism between each other, but little or no humility regarding the limits of these claims. Karl Popper mentions an important fact to consider in his The Open Society and Its Enemies book on the social context, that can also be certainly applied here as you'll note:
(…) Such arguments may sound plausible enough. But plausibility is not a reliable guide in such matters. In fact, one should not enter into a discussion of these specious arguments before having considered the following question of method: Is it within the power of any social science to make such sweeping historical prophecies ? Can we expect to get more than the irresponsible reply of the soothsayer if we ask a man what the future has in store for mankind ? – Karl Popper, 1945
With that said, we should always remember the importance of our future views and predictions, but we should also never forget the status of these predictions, and be always responsible for our diffusion of these claims. They aren't scientific by any means, and we shouldn't take them as that, especially when dangerous ideas such as urging for government regulation are being made based on these personal future prophecies.
I would like to close this post quoting Karl Popper:
In this case, being pint-sized is a good thing. But too many pubs and bars are falling short, pouring so-called pints of beer that fail to deliver a full 20 ounces. A Star investigation has found that some Toronto beer drinkers have been promised pints but are being denied as much as six ounces of social lubricant — a bitter result indeed. The implications for beer pong, alone, are staggering.
A Star investigation discovered that out of 15 pints of beer ordered at Toronto bars and pubs, only three had a full 20 ounces. The rest fell short. ( Dreamstime )
It's enough to bring tears to the eyes of Bob and Doug McKenzie. Folks at Measurement Canada are in charge of weights, measures and “standards calibration” for everything from oil to beer. And, thank goodness, they've decided to hop to it and address this brewing scandal. As reported by the Star's Manisha Krishnan, the department is responsible for the federal Fairness at the Pumps Act . Coming into force last month, much of the act concerns gasoline pumps and electricity meters, but it also covers pints of beer that fail to measure up — as so often happens in Toronto.
Article Continued Below
A dedicated Star investigator recently ordered pints of beer at 15 local watering holes and received a full 20 ounces at only three (three!). Any establishment advertising a pint is obligated to deliver precisely that. Violations can result in fines of up to $2,000. For the record , according to Measurement Canada, a pint of draught beer contains 20 fluid ounces, with a half-ounce margin of allowable error, not including foam or “head.” That's pretty straightforward. Short-pouring bartenders take note: failing to supply a proper pint isn't just an insult to those savouring a cold brew, it's against the law. Beyond that, bear in mind the time of year. Filmgoers know the McKenzie brothers managed to save Oktoberfest once; these new federal rules might just be enough to save it again.
A pint can mean different things... depending upon the bar it is ordered in.
New details in the death Thursday of a Brampton cyclist confirm that a transport truck ran over him when he fell off his bike. He was declared dead at the scene.
Hardeep Singh Pahra with his family, in a photo released by Peel police. ( Photo courtesy Peel police )
The victim, Hardeep Singh Pahra, 30, was hit by an unknown vehicle while riding his bike down Steeles Ave. west of Albion Rd. around 5:50 a.m. on Oct. 29. Police said Friday they have now found that the victim was run over by the rear wheels of a transport truck after falling off his bike. It's possible that the driver of the truck wasn't aware that he was involved in the collision, Peel police say. “Our investigators are appealing for the drivers of these trucks to please contact them in order to bring closure to the family of the victim of this tragic accident,” said Staff Sgt. Gary Carty.
Article Continued Below
Video footage from a nearby commercial area identified two transport trucks in the area during the time of the incident. The first had a light-coloured transport container with a green reflector or light on its left front corner. The second truck also had a light-coloured container with lettering across the middle. Anyone with information is asked to contact investigators at 905-453-2121 ext. 3710 or Peel Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477. The investigation is ongoing.
Read more about:
Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT) has moved into the lead in Iowa over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, according to polling conducted by the American Research Group released Monday.
The polls showed Sanders' support at 47 percent to Clinton's 44 percent. Sanders held the same 47-44 lead over Clinton in a separate ARG poll of New Hampshire also released Monday.
In Iowa, where Clinton has mostly led in the polls, this is the first recent poll to place Sanders in the lead. This is the first ARG poll of the Iowa Democratic primary this cycle. Most polls taken throughout the fall have put him ahead in New Hampshire by a narrow margin. The last ARG poll of New Hampshire, Dec. 23, showed Clinton leading Sanders 46-43.
Nationwide polls give Clinton a comfortable lead, though closer now than in the summer when Sanders first surged. In Iowa and New Hampshire, however, Sanders has done better than nationally.
The Iowa poll surveyed 400 likely Democratic caucus-goers from January 6-10, with a margin of error of +/- 5%. Both were conducted using live telephone interviews. The New Hampshire ARG poll surveyed 600 likely Democratic voters from January 7-10, with a martin of error of +/- 4%.
McCain Still Trying To Gag Gun Owners From Criticizing His Anti-gun Record Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes Place, Suite 102
Springfield, VA 22151
(703)321-8585
Tuesday, February 28, 2006
A few weeks ago, we alerted you to legislation — introduced by anti-gun Senator John McCain (R-AZ) — which is aimed at squelching the First Amendment rights of grassroots groups like Gun Owners of America.
That bill, S. 2128, is ostensibly aimed at dealing with some of the congressional controversies that have hit the media in recent weeks. A true reform bill would focus the spotlight on members like John McCain, who was one of the original Keating Five senators who were deeply implicated in the savings and loan scandal.
Instead, McCain began his war on real transparency in 2002 when he teamed up with anti-gun Sen. Russ Feingold (D-WI) to push the Incumbent Protection Act into law — an act that stifles the ability of organizations like GOA to criticize elected officials before an election.
Now with the Gag Act (S. 2128), McCain wants to target his wrath on groups like GOA — requiring them to register their “grassroots” communications and to file twice as many frivolous reports.
If McCain succeeds in pushing an expansive interpretation of his bill (as he did when he convinced the courts to regulate the Internet under McCain-Feingold), then we could see a host of draconian restrictions affecting both GOA and you.
For example, if we wanted to alert you to gun ban that is moving in our nation's capital, we could first have to tell McCain (and all his other buddies in Congress) about what we're planning to do, who we're planning to alert (that is, grassroots folks like yourself), how much money we plan to spend, etc.
Because of Section 105 in this bill, everyone with whom GOA contracts to get the word out (advertisers, printers, etc.) could be required to tell Congress twenty days in advance about GOA's public information campaign.
In effect, we would end up alerting Sarah Brady every time we plan to wage a grassroots campaign in opposition to gun control.
This is ridiculous!
No doubt, the Gag Act is further proof that grassroots lobbying works. It works so well, that John McCain wants to muzzle it.
S. 2128 — or a bill that is similar to it — is now likely to come to the floor of the Senate in early March, according to Majority Leader Bill Frist. It is imperative that we contact our Senators today.
ACTION:
1. Please urge your Senators to oppose the Gag Act (S. 2128). And, if your Senator has cosponsored the bill, then he or she especially needs to hear from you. Senators who have cosponsored this bill are:
Conrad Burns (R-MT)
Norm Coleman (R-MN)
Jon Kyl (R-AZ)
Joseph Lieberman (D-CT)
Bill Nelson (D-FL)
Olympia Snowe (R-ME)
You can visit the Gun Owners Legislative Action Center at http://www.gunowners.org/activism.htm to send your Senators a pre-written e-mail message such as the one below.
2. Take action and then please forward this alert to your pro-gun friends and family!
—– Pre-written letter —–
Dear Senator:
Now that the Senate is looking to pass so-called lobbying reform legislation, I hope you will NOT support any bill that would gag grassroots lobbying organizations.
To be sure, John McCain's bill (S. 2128) would do just that!
In 2002, Senators McCain and Feingold teamed up to pass the Incumbent Protection Act, a bill that infringes upon the First Amendment rights of gun owners and other Americans by squelching their ability to criticize elected officials before an election.
Now, Senator McCain wants to pass the Gag Act (S. 2128). In this latest version, McCain targets his wrath on grassroots organizations — requiring them to register their “grassroots” communications with their members and to file twice as many frivolous reports.
Please oppose S. 2128 or any other “reform” bill that would scapegoat outside groups, through which American citizens are better able to petition their government and which serve as government watchdogs.
Sincerely,
****************************
Michael & Me
This debut DVD from provocative filmmaker and talk-radio host Larry Elder aims to mirror Moore's quest for a confrontation with General Motors' CEO, Roger Smith — except this time it's Moore himself who is being pursued. “Michael & Me” follows Elder over an 18-month period as he attempts to locate the elusive Moore in order to quiz him about some of his assertions in his attack on guns and gun owners in “Bowling for Columbine.” Prominent in Elder's mind is the question of how many Americans have managed to stay alive after using a gun in self-defense.
The DVD includes interviews with prominent Second Amendment spokesmen, including several appearances by GOA's executive director, Larry Pratt. It's now ON SALE through Gun Owners Foundation at just $14.50.
BENGALURU:State-owned aerospace and defence major Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) has decided to pursue its civil aircraft development programme despite the lack of success in the project.
HAL plans to put a civil aircraft in the Indian skies by 2022. Even though the company has supplied over 14 Dornier (Do228) and 22 Avro (HS748) to civil customers over the years, their regional transport aircraft plan has not had any major progress.
“The civil aviation business in India indicates emerging requirements for 19-seat, 30-seat, 50-seat and 70-seat aircraft as the traffic grows on regional routes. The company has the strategy to address not only the requirements of this emerging market but also the MRO (maintenance repair and overhaul) opportunities offered by trunk route operators,” RK Tyagi, former chairman and managing director of HAL had earlier told Express.
Though the company aspires to lead the ‘Make in India' call by the Prime Minister, significant delays in various projects, including the over 30-year old Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) project, are hampering its progress.
The company says that the design is already on ‘drawing board' stage but failure of the Kaveri engine has increased its dependence on procuring an engine from a global Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM).
Officials said that this is being done to ensure that the aircraft is globally competitive in terms of cost per passenger kilometer.
National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) is the other public sector agency HAL is working with for the civil aircraft programme. The initial funding of the project was Rs 20 crore (Rs 10 crore each). The two units also want to partner with private sector in various stages of development. But undue delays may not interest private players who have to sustain their businesses based on these partnerships.
In the year 2000, India had only 225 aircraft but currently has over 1,100 aircraft (both scheduled and non scheduled), according to aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
Aircraft major Airbus says that India needs over 1,000 aircraft in the next 20 years. Though HAL seems to have (for the moment) missed out billions of dollars of opportunities, the company could turn into a major player if it can get its act together at the earliest.
Where were you, on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, when you learned that a passenger jet had slammed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center? What were you doing? Who were you with?
Memories of that day, which was deeply painful for so many people, might seem indelibly carved into your mind. There's a good chance, however, you retained far fewer details than you think.
Strongly negative or traumatic experiences are processed and encoded through a distinct neural pathway that filters out "peripheral details," says University of Waterloo cognitive psychologist Myra Fernandes.
The more fear or stress that's generated, the more amplified the filtering effect becomes, especially during experiences that threaten our survival.
The brain locks "on the central aspects of the experience at the expense of the peripheral details," she explains. "The gist is maintained but many of the details are lost.
"From an evolutionary point of view, this is totally plausible," because it emphasizes the parts of a recollection that might serve as a warning later, helping us avoid highly stressful situations in the first place.
'The essential details'
The phenomenon is seen specifically in episodic memories — those of lived experiences that are tied to emotions and context.
The reliability of episodic memory took a central role last week in the ongoing criminal trial of former CBC radio host Jian Ghomeshi, who has pleaded not guilty to four counts of sexual assault and one count of overcoming resistance by choking. The charges involve three women.
It's beneficial to our emotional well-being to remember the gist rather than every detail. - Myra Fernandes , cognitive psycholgist
It's a common tactic for lawyers to dial in on the minute details of a witness's testimony, pressing to expose any possible contradictions in various retellings of the same story and therefore, the theory goes, raise doubts about its truthfulness.
"By asking someone to repeat a story over and over again, essentially you start to see the story unravel," criminal defence lawyer Daniel Brown explained in an interview with CBC's Metro Morning last week.
Those who say they have lived through trauma, however, are sometimes unable to articulate a coherent narrative owing to the brain's tendency to zero-in on only the most essential elements of what happened.
"The person is overcome with all these essential details," says Lori Haskell, a clinical psychologist in private practice and assistant professor in psychiatry at the University of Toronto. Her research partly focuses on how sexual violence affects the neurobiology of survivors.
"So later on when they try to start creating a narrative, those details aren't accurate – they're not recalled with great detail," she adds.
'Durable' memories
Advanced-imaging studies have shown that traumatic experiences cause two relatively tiny areas deep within the brain, called the amygdala, to kick into overdrive. When the amygdala ramp up, there is a cascade effect through the brain.
Elizabeth Kensinger, a cognitive neuroscientist at Boston College, studies how emotion plays into memory formation.
The amygdala, shown here in red, become extremely active during highly stressful experiences, MRI studies have revealed. (Elizabeth Kensinger)
"The amygdala is activated, and that actually affects how the other regions that take part in processing memory are brought online and how they communicate with one another," she says.
Kensinger's research suggests that while extraneous details may be forgotten, the core components may be less susceptible to the various ways time can erode our recollections.
"There's some really interesting evidence that emotional memories tend to be more durable."
A game of 'telephone'
In general, our episodic memories are "prone to distortions" because they are, in essence, a "reconstruction" of events assembled from building blocks stored throughout the brain. The more we recall any single thing, the greater the chance becomes that we'll remove, or even insert, a block that's not supposed to be there.
Fernandes uses the analogy of the classic children's game "telephone."
"When we recall a memory, we relay it down through our brains … Every time the message is passed on, it changes slightly."
A variety of influences can increase the probability that a recollection will contain erroneous bits. Decades of research by renowned American cognitive psychologist Elizabeth Loftus, for example, has shown that simple, well-crafted linguistic prompts can easily lead someone to unknowingly insert or omit false details into the retelling of a story.
That's not to say all memories contain inaccuracies. In fact, generally speaking, the human brain does an extraordinary job of encoding countless experiences every day.
But it would be too overwhelming to retain all of the information we take in throughout our lives. Research suggests that while we sleep, our brains whittle down experiences — not just traumatic ones — into their most useful parts to make more room, like freeing-up space on a hard drive.
"It's beneficial to our emotional well-being to remember the gist rather than every detail," says Fernandes.
Are you sure?
So, how well do you really remember the details of your day on Sept. 11?
When doing research for The Invisible Gorilla — a book exploring the fallibility of the human mind — University of Illinois cognitive psychologist Daniel Simons wrote down his own answers.
He discovered two of the three people he thought he was with on that morning weren't with him at all, and he has no recollection of being with the person who was there. He's not alone.
More than a dozen universities participated in a survey that asked 2,100 Americans from across the U.S. about their memories of Sept. 11, one, three and 10 years after the attacks.
When all was said and done, 40 per cent of participants told stories notably different than the one that emerged from their original answers.
Interestingly as time passed, those whose answers changed significantly did not become less confident about the accuracy of their stories.
The study is part of a huge body of evidence pointing to the reality that memory is malleable, vulnerable to the curious nature of our own neurobiology.
That doesn't mean we should distrust it, says Simons, but rather, we should appreciate its limits.
All right, it's been done before, but not for a while: Nickelodeon is partnering with the ever-embattled U.S. Postal Service to promote its long-running children's series SpongeBob SquarePants, in which a member of the order dictyoceratida opts for business casual dress to spend time with a slow-witted echinoderm and a squirrel of incredibly advanced brain function with a penchant for scuba diving.
The show's hero will appear in mailbox form on street corners around the country, and postage-paid SpongeBob postcards will be available gratis at about 25,000 post offices. If you want to see a MailPants yourself, you'll need to travel to Atlanta; Boston; Charlotte, N.C.; Chicago; Dallas; Hollywood and Orlando, Fla.; Kirkwood, Mo.; Los Angeles; Miami; New York; Philadelphia; or Washington. So really, you have no excuse.
Nick has a series of videos on the letter-writing process that ties into the campaign as well as printable stationery; the whole shebang is in effect through the month of SpongeBob-related Lego and stuffed-animal buying, formerly known as December. So, by the time the last MailPants disappears on Jan. 5, you may actually have convinced your kid to write that thank you note to Nana.
His body is being held in a morgue until a coroner makes a decision on his burial
Andy, believed to be in his 30s or 40s, spent his days on a bench on Jacksons Landing - the northern tip of Pyrmont
He slept in front of a real estate agency in the area for almost seven years
In September a memorial service was held for him in Sydney's inner-city suburb of Pyrmont
Five months after his death Andy the homeless man hasn't been identified
He lived a life of solitude on the streets for more than ten years.
Now, five months after the homeless man known only as Andy died, police have shared pictures of his faded tattoos in a last ditch attempt at identifying him.
Detectives are pleading for anyone related to the ‘gentle giant', who spent a decade living by a riverside bench in Pyrmont in Sydney's inner west, to come forward so that he can receive a proper burial.
In the photos released by Sydney City police, a tattoo of a viking is shown on his right shoulder. On his left shoulder a demon sits with the words ‘death to the world' and ‘search and destroy'.
Another blurry inking on his fingers spells out the word ‘hate'.
In the photos released by Sydney City police, a tattoo of a Viking is shown on Andy's right shoulder
This was Andy's favourite spot - Jacksons Landing, the northern tip of Pyrmont which is in Sydney's inner-city suburb
Crime manager with Sydney City LAC, John Maricic told Daily Mail Australia that police have not received any new information about Andy so far.
Officers are not even certain that his real name is Andy.
A month after Andy, believed to be in his 30s or 40s, died from a heart attack on August 28 nearly 200 locals paid their respects at his memorial service.
The man of few words slept in front of Raine and Horne's real estate agency in Pyrmont but spent his days on a bench in Jacksons Landing - the northern tip of the inner-city surburb - overlooking Sydney Harbour.
On Andy's left shoulder a demon sits with the words ‘death to the world'
The 'gentle giant' also had the words ‘search and destroy' tattooed on his left shoulder
The community felt a sense of loss when Andy died from a suspected heart attack about a month ago
Principal of Raine and Horne Pyrmont, John Ellis, helped fund the service which was held near Andy's bench.
'It was the obvious thing to do - he's human too,' Mr Ellis told Daily Mail Australia.
'He didn't bother the staff at all because he was polite and very respectful. He didn't ask for anything and didn't say much.
'He was a homeless person but he didn't act like one. He never drank, never smoked and just liked to keep to himself and draw in his notepad. He was a gentle giant.
'He didn't make much eye contact and he was quite shy.'
After he died locals announced plans to place a plaque at his bench in his honour while a basket hung from a nearby tree where residents have left behind their tributes. They include children's drawings of Andy enjoying the views of the harbour from his bench.
Mr Ellis said Andy had been sleeping outside the Raine and Horne office for about seven years while other locals speculated that he'd lived in the area for more than a decade.
Reverend Robin Davies, of Mustard Seed Uniting Church in Ultimo, said there was a huge sense of loss in the community when Andy died.
Children left their drawings of Andy at the very place he spent most of his days - his bench overlooking Sydney Harbour
A shadow painted on the bench by residents so they can remember where Andy used to sit every day
A memorial service, also organised by residents, was held near Andy's bench in September
'There was a great outpouring of grief for Andy because he was part of our community,' she told Daily Mail Australia.
'So the memorial service was an opportunity for the locals to express their thoughts.
'I guess some people even felt guilty because he was so young.'
Reverend Davies said it is believed that Andy was from Queensland.
'But some people reckon he's lived in the area for 15 years,' she said.
'He seemed to feel at home and quite secure here. He was just quite happy with what he had and people respected and admired him for that. The community accepted him just as he was.'
Andy's body remains at a morgue, waiting to be claimed by a relative.
If nobody comes forward, Reverend Davies said the community is willing to cremate him and scatter his ashes into the water in front of his favourite bench.
But Crime Manager Maricic told the Daily Telegraph that decision on how Andy would be buried will be decided by the coroner if no family members come forward.
‘If nothing further comes to light once the coroner makes his findings he will then determine what course of action will take place in terms of a destitute burial,' he said.
Nearly 200 locals paid their respects to the homeless man, who's identity remains a mystery but is believed to be from Queensland
Some say Andy, believed to be in his 30s or 40s, lived in the area for more than a decade
This article is over 2 years old
An arrest warrant has been issued for the Green party candidate, who is accused of vandalism for spray-painting bulldozer during protest against a pipeline
A North Dakota judge issued a warrant Wednesday for the arrest of Green party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who is accused of spray-painting construction equipment during a protest against the Dakota Access pipeline.
Stein was charged Wednesday in Morton County with misdemeanor counts of criminal trespassing and criminal mischief. The same charges have been filed against her running mate, Ajamu Baraka.
Stein campaign spokeswoman Meleiza Figueroa could not immediately comment on whether Stein plans to turn herself in.
Activists invited Stein to leave a message at the protest site near the Standing Rock Sioux tribe's reservation on Tuesday, Figueroa said, and Stein sprayed “I approve this message” in red paint on the blade of a bulldozer. A court document shows Baraka painted the word “decolonization” on a piece of construction equipment.
North Dakota oil pipeline protesters stand their ground: 'This is sacred land' Read more
Morton County sheriff's office spokesman Rob Keller said the warrant has been filed and if authorities were to come across Stein, “they would arrest her”.
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe is trying to stop construction of a section of the $3.8bn four-state pipeline that tribal leaders say would violate sacred and culturally sensitive grounds and possibly pollute water.
Before the charges were filed, Stein said in a statement said she hoped North Dakota authorities “press charges against the real vandalism taking place at the Standing Rock Sioux reservation: the bulldozing of sacred burial sites and the unleashing of vicious attack dogs”.
$1.6 million is on the way to Newport and Ludlow.
The Ohio Kentucky Indiana Regional Council of Governments (OKI) allocated the funding for the next two phases of Riverfront Commons, the roughly 12-mile multipurpose path that will link the Northern Kentucky river cities from Ludlow in the west to Fort Thomas and the Combs-Hehl Bridge in the east.
The money will be used to build pedestrian bridges and walking paths along Riverfront Commons.
Southbank Partners assisted the cities in applying for the OKI funding.
“This is another positive step toward completing Riverfront Commons, a project that will transform the Southbank riverfront,” said Southbank Partners President Jack Moreland. “When you have cooperation and teamwork, you get things done. Southbank, OKI and the cities of Newport and Ludlow came together to make this happen, and Southbank and all six Southbank cities will continue to work with OKI, the State of Kentucky, the fiscal courts of Campbell and Kenton counties and others to see this tremendous project to completion.”
The $1.3 million Newport project includes walking bridges and a pathway that will improve connectivity from the flood wall to the Taylor-Southgate Bridge and improve access for walking across the Ohio River bridge, which connects Newport and Downtown Cincinnati.
“By partnering, Riverfront Commons will play a huge part in attracting development and creating jobs in Newport, in the other Southbank cities and all of Northern Kentucky,” said Newport Mayor Jerry Peluso. “This progressive movement will benefit many on both sides of the Ohio River for decades to come.
“Piece by piece, Riverfront Commons is coming together,. When completed, its economic impact will benefit future generations. Thanks to OKI and Southbank Partners for their vision and leadership on this very important project.”
The $300,000 Ludlow project will allow construction of a riverfront walking trail from the city park on Elm Street east to Kenner Street.
Ludlow Mayor Ken Wynn praised an interlocal agreement between the six Southbank cities and the fiscal courts of Campbell and Kenton Counties for fostering the relationships and focus that is leading to the development of Riverfront Commons.
“Riverfront Commons realizes our community's dream of providing new walking and biking opportunities along the Ohio River and connecting with the other Southbank cities,” Wynn said. “I want to thank OKI for the funding and thank Southbank for making this project happen.”
The first phase of Riverfront Commons opened in June of 2014. It features a pedestrian bridge that connects Newport on the Levee and the Purple People Bridge to a walking path atop the Newport floodwall that runs east of the Levee to the I-471 bridge toward Bellevue.
Once completed, Riverfront Commons will make the south bank of the Ohio the most interesting walkway/bikeway in the mid-west. Riverfront Commons will seamlessly connect over the Purple People Bridge to trails in Cincinnati, to the Licking River Greenway in Northern Kentucky, and to Devou Park in Covington.
The 12-foot wide path will feature open park space at strategic points along the river, accommodating both walkers and bikers. A series of points of access, or nodes, will provide easy linkage to neighborhood, residential, business, entertainment and historic districts. The major benefits of the project are eco-system restoration, riverside stabilization, economic development and recreation.
-Staff report
The First Voyage Type 052C destroyer and Type 054A frigate flank the aircraft carrier. =GT
Last month China reported that its aircraft carrier Liaoning was ready to start operational service. The country's navy provided proof on Christmas Day, sending out its first carrier battle group (CVBG) through the Miyako Straits, around Taiwan, and into the South China Sea, launching and recovering aircraft along the way. The Liaoning carried at least three Z-18 helicopters and eight J-15 fighters, as well as two Type 052C (171) destroyers, one Type 052D destroyer, two Type 054A frigates (538, 556), a Type 903A refueling ship, and a Type 056 corvette.
A Full Set With likely at least a squadron of J-15 fighters (eight on the deck, more likely below), the Liaoning has one of the most powerful non-American carrier aviation groups in the world. PLAN, via Xinhui
Looking ahead to 2030, the next Chinese carrier will likely look very similar to the Liaoning CVBG, with updated destroyers and frigates that provide a more advanced layered defense and missile strike system. It will likely be accompanied by an arsenal of drones.
And then comes the nuclear-powered carriers of the Type 003 Chinese aircraft carrier. The Type 003 itself would likely have a displacement of around 90,000-100,000 tons and carry anywhere from between 70-100 helicopters and fixed wing aircraft, and have multiple aircraft elevators and a single island superstructure. With a nuclear-powered reactor, the Type 003 could reach speeds in excess of 30 knots. The reactors could also provide the power for electromagnetically assisted launch system (EMALS) catapults (the preceding conventional Type 002 carrier may use steam catapults). EMALS catapults have improved efficiency and are less maintenance intensive than steam catapults.
A Silent and Loud Message The Liaoning CVBG moved through disputed waters in the South China Seas on its first operational voyage. xinhui at China Defense Forum
The air group will likely still use J-15 fighters for multi-role purposes, along with an electronic warfare mission variant. For dedicated air superiority mission, the air group could also have fifth-generation stealth fighters, most likely navalized versions of either the J-31 or even the J20. The EMALS catapult could allow the Type 003 to launch aircraft with a takeoff weight of up to 50 tons, including aerial tankers, airborne early warning aircraft (especially useful to guiding long range missiles against distant aircraft), anti-submarine warfare (ASW) planes, smaller cargo planes and strike aircraft. Given Chinese interest in unmanned vehicles, the Type 003 could come with a UAV for surveillance and reconnaissance. The Type 003's air group will also have helicopters for ASW and search and rescue missions.
The CVBG's escort elements will likely consist of Type 055 destroyers and a future Chinese frigate (Type 057?) with an integrated mast. The improved Type 055, upgraded from the current hulls under construction, would have integrated electric propulsion system to increase onboard power generation for sensors and direct energy weapons. It will likely also be armed with over a hundred long-range anti-air and surface attack missiles, in addition to carrying helicopters. Given Chinese interest in unmanned naval vehicles, those surface combatants would likely carry UAVs, UUVs, and USVs for mine countermeasure. For underwater escort, the accompanying submarine would likely be a Type 095 nuclear attack submarine, stealthier and more heavily armed than current Chinese attack boats.
During a slump, businesses in most parts of the economy get knocked sideways. It is during the recovery that you see which sectors are going to thrive in the long run, and which are going to wither. The data currently trickling in suggest that manufacturing, construction and financial and business services are doing pretty well. But there is one bit of the economy that shows little sign of life: that is the high street.
The problem is not that people have given up buying stuff. Figures out last week showed that retail sales grew 4.2% in the year to March. It's because they buy stuff online. Over the past four years, while online spending has grown by around 75%, sales from bricks-and-mortar shops have been flat, according to Verdict Retail, a consultancy.
That figure includes modern shopping centres, which have been doing reasonably well. On the high street, spending has been falling. According to the Centre for Retail Research, nearly 300 retailing firms, including big brands such as Comet, Barratts, Blockbuster, have gone under since 2007, with around 25,000 stores affected. We are no longer a nation of shopkeepers.
That online retailing is gaining at the expense of the bricks-and-mortar stuff is hardly hot news, but this shift gets more airtime than that from, say, offline to online gambling because it has bigger social implications. Our communities were, literally, built around our high streets: shops, located at the centre of our villages and towns for practical reasons, became the places where we met, gossiped and flirted.
Some of our grandest architecture was designed for retail: the elegant sweep of Regent Street, John Nash's masterpiece, was one of the world's first shopping malls. The retail business gets a starring role in some of our great novels, from Dickens's Old Curiosity Shop to Milsom Street in Bath, where Jane Austen's heroines bought hats and batted their eyelids at their beaux.
That's why the need to pump life into our high streets is one of the few issues on which the political parties agree. The government signed up nice Mary Portas to tell it what to do and forked out money for towns with good ideas about how to jolly up their high streets. Ed Miliband has promised to help small shopkeepers by freezing their rates.
But none of this is going to make a bit of difference. The sums the government is offering are piffling, most of the money has not been spent and there are no signs of the decline being arrested. Yet the main problem with the scheme is not its failure, but its underlying motivation. It exemplifies our tendency to romanticise the past and to refuse to embrace a decent opportunity when it jumps into our laps and flings its arms around our neck.
Retail's move from bricks and mortar to the internet brings two large benefits. One is that the hours we once spent shopping can now be filled by reading 19th-century novels, making Viking ships out of toothpicks, getting drunk, passing on malicious gossip, staring at the ceiling or doing any of the many things that are more amusing than trailing round supermarket aisles trying to remember the thing we forgot to get last time.
I know some people like shopping. That's fine. There will always be shops for them to shop in. But for people like me who would rather have all their toenails removed than stand in crowded changing rooms staring at the lumpy bits we would rather not expose to public scrutiny, the rise of internet shopping is one of the great joys of modernity.
Other than to buy a sandwich, I haven't been to a shop since one of my daughters inveigled me into the Westfield shopping centre in White City, west London, shortly before Christmas. Watching so much money being wasted on so much tat brought me closer to an understanding of al-Qaida's desire to destroy western civilisation than I have been before or hope to be again.
The other benefit of the rise of internet shopping is that it frees up valuable property for other uses. Buildings in the high street do not have to be occupied by retailers. They can also be used for housing, which we are rather short of in much of the country.
Many local authorities are reluctant to allow retail space to be converted into residential units. Their objections are understandable. Shops provide jobs. But those jobs are going forever and no amount of government grants for prettifying high streets will bring them back.
Instead of trying to keep uneconomic commercial areas going, we should celebrate the fact that we can use the space vacated by retailers to house people currently condemned to live in overpriced rabbit hutches.
But what will replace the social glue that high streets have provided? How will we get to know each other if we no longer bump into each other in the greengrocer's? Won't the death of the high street destroy our communities?
Community is not being destroyed: it is changing, as it always has done. It is different now from the way it was in Middlemarch. In the 19th century, the railway allowed people to travel, widened their horizons and at the same time broke up the tight-knit village communities that formed the backdrop to George Eliot's novels. People bemoaned the change at the time, yet as their horizons widened, they built different, geographically scattered communities.
Much the same is happening now. Because we no longer do much of our shopping in our neighbourhoods, we know our neighbours less well than we used to; but the technology that is killing the high street allows us to cultivate friendships with people on the other side of the planet who share our interests. To my mind, we are gaining more than we are losing.
The urge to cling to the past is understandable, but dangerous. If we indulge in it too much, we may fail to make the best of the present.
Emma Duncan is a deputy editor of the Economist
Who are we?
The Football Faithful is one of the fastest growing Premier League websites in the World. We are based in the U.K. and Ireland, and bring our readers all the latest news, opinions and nostalgia about all things Premier League.
Our content currently reaches up to 1 million readers per month, while we also have our weekly Podcast, with Sam and the team picking through the bones of all the latest action.
We are currently looking to add more writers to join our team on a regular basis to enhance our offering, and there are plenty of benefits to joining our team.
What are the ‘DEEP' benefits at The Football Faithful?
Here at The Football Faithful, we have four key benefits that make us an attractive option for any budding writer.
Embed from Getty Images
Development
We provide help and guidance to all of our writers in order to develop your style of writing. While everyone has a different style, we believe that with our assistance, everyone can pick up something new from our experienced team.
Experience
As you can see from our website, we offer a wide array of articles, whether it be The Latest News, Transfer Stories, Opinion pieces, or our array of Featured articles (Five of the best, Legends, Quotes etc), meaning that a place on our writing team offers a chance to gain experience in writing a range of different types of articles.
We appreciate that some of our writers will have ambitions of going on to become full-time football journalists, and we believe that gaining experience with The Football Faithful will help develop an excellent portfolio of work.
Embed from Getty Images
Exposure
We know many people try to set up their own blogs and websites that will ultimately be competing in what is an already crowded market space. By joining The Football Faithful, we already have our foot in that marketplace, as well as a growing audience and social media presence.
Our content is distributed to various sources around the World, meaning that your articles could be seen by millions of people every year, and help gain a reputation within your given community.
Pay
As part of joining our writing team, we are able to offer performance related monthly payments.
Our brand-new payment scheme means that for every 1,000 views of our website, we can offer payment of $1, meaning that you can earn some extra cash depending on just how much writing you do, how far it is shared, and of course, the quality of the writing.
Embed from Getty Images
What do we need from our writers?
We ask all of our writers to be dedicated, passionate, knowledgeable and keep us up to date with your availability.
What next?
– All of our writers must be able to prove a good standard of writing by providing sample articles.
– Sample articles must be unique and haven't been published elsewhere before submitting.
– Sample articles must be in line with the standard already produced on our website.
– Send us an email to writers@thefootballfaithful.com
For the price, this mouse is an excellent performer. I'm an FPS gamer mostly (Action/RPGs as well) and this mouse is pretty accurate, tracks well and has enough buttons that can improve your in-game performance. This is the closes to the perfect mouse I've found so far (for the money). I haven't tried it's big brother (g502) but I've heard good things. This mouse is very light. If you are looking for something heavy, you may want to look at the g502 as it has weights (adjustable). For me, right now, I'm okay with the lighter mouse and for the price difference, I don't think I will move up. There is only one color (blue) and the light is adjustable (brightness adjustable, lighting can be turned off, lighting can be set to pulse).
Read more
Besides a 24-hour concierge, 1N4th has more than 20,000 square feet of interior and exterior amenities, including an 8,500-square-foot sun deck on the third floor with a swimming pool, a movie screen and a barbecue area. Inside the tower are a 3,000-square-foot fitness center, a media lounge with billiards, a party room with a kitchen and a children's playroom.
Developers have not yet decided if they will charge a fee for the use of amenities, but if they do, it will be only $25 or $50 a month, said Steven Charno, the president of Douglaston Development.
The spacious lobby has double-height wood-paneled ceilings and mailboxes integrated into various pieces of furniture, as well as a kitchenette, a library and a nearby business center, said Highlyann Krasnow, a broker at MNS. The building will have racks for hundreds of bicycles as well as ample storage, she said.
Most of the renters, who will begin moving in next month, will likely be in their 20s and early 30s, Mr. Levine said. He anticipates that the building will be fully leased by the first quarter of 2016.
Meanwhile, Douglaston Development has also broken ground on the final phase of its Edge development, a high-rise with 550 market-rate rental apartments to the north of 1N4th.
South of 1N4th, but north of the Williamsburg Bridge, is the 11-acre site of an old Domino Sugar factory, where three waterfront towers, one of them 55 stories, will eventually flank the waterside refinery building, a designated landmark that will be converted to office space.
Originally proposed almost a decade ago by different developers, the Domino redevelopment project has come to symbolize the rebirth of Williamsburg's waterfront. But it was fought by many residents and community groups for years.
A man will be charged with the murder of a schoolgirl more than two decades ago, prosecutors have said.
Colin Ash-Smith is accused of killing 16-year-old Claire Tiltman in 1993 in Greenhithe, Kent, and will appear in court at the end of the month.
The teenager was stabbed more than 40 times in an alleyway near her home as she took a short cut.
Nigel Pilkington, from the Crown Prosecution Service, said: "In November 2012 I received a file of evidence from the Kent and Essex serious crime directorate relating to the murder of Claire Tiltman on January 18 1993.
"The investigation by the police has been a lengthy and complex one. Following further investigation, my review of all the evidence in the case has now been completed and I have concluded that there is sufficient evidence and that it is in the public interest to prosecute Colin Ash-Smith, 45, for the murder of Claire Tiltman.
"Mr Ash-Smith will appear at Maidstone Magistrates' Court on February 28 via video link."
No one has ever been charged over the schoolgirl's death, and both of Claire's parents have died since her murder. H er mother Lin died aged 56 in 2008, and her father Cliff died in September 2012
Senior investigating officer Detective Superintendent Rob Vinson, from the Kent and Essex serious crime directorate cold case team, said: "Claire Tiltman's unsolved death is one of the longest-running cases for Kent Police and has remained in the forefront of the minds of investigating officers for over two decades.
"Colin Ash-Smith is now to be brought before a court following our investigations and subsequent consultation with the CPS."
When you talk about small high-end motherboards, the ASUS Republic of Gamers Maximus Impact series is always at top of the list and now we finally have some of the first pictures of the upcoming ASUS ROG Maximus VIII Impact. Pictured by Hardware.info site , together with a set of BIOS screenshots, the ASUS Republic of Gamers Maximus VIII Impact is definitely the motherboard that we all have been waiting and is a perfect solution for high-end SFF gaming PCs.Based on Intel's Z170 Express chipset with support for Intel's 6th generation Core Skylake CPUs, the ASUS ROG Maximus VIII Impact will feature two standard DDR4 DIMM memory slots, PCI-Express 3.0 x16 slot and plenty of high-end features, usually found on larger high-end motherboards.As far as we can see from the posted pictures, the ROG Maximus VIII Impact will have the same vertical VRM PCB as the Maximus VII Impact and will draw power from a combination of a standard 24-pin ATX and 8-pin EPS power connectors. The rest of the features include four SATA 6Gbps ports, SupremeFX Impact III integrated audio, integrated dual-antenna WiFi GO!, plenty of USB ports, gaming Ethernet, debug LED, on-board power, reset and clear CMOS buttons located on the back I/O and plenty of other high-end features.Unfortunately, we only have a few pictures of the motherboard and the set of BIOS screenshots as it is still unknown when will ASUS officially launch this motherboard. Earlier reports suggested September/October timeframe so hopefully we will see an official announcement soon.Source: US.Hardware.info
It's maybe not fair, and it's definitely not due process. But what ended Mayor Ed Murray's campaign for re-election Tuesday is that, on balance, people kind of believed his accusers.
In the end, what brought Seattle Mayor Ed Murray down was simple, and possibly also a bit unfair: People believed his accusers.
I don't mean believed them wholeheartedly, or even halfway. I have no real insight into whether the allegations he preyed on troubled teens long ago were 100 percent solid, completely fabricated, or somewhere in between.
But the accumulated weight of the testimonies of the four men was just too much. Not in a legal sense, as in beyond a reasonable doubt. In the sense of politics, which is sometimes all about doubts.
I had developed this feeling that Seattleites on balance believed the accusers before I arrived at Alki Beach on Tuesday. But there, as Murray delivered a gripping, mournful eulogy for his own career, I became more convinced of it.
The crowd of die-hard Murray supporters was resigned, but for the most part they did not seem angry. The emotion was that of a passing, of the end of an era. It wasn't that a terrible injustice had been done.
“My feeling is that it's tragic if it's true, and it's tragic if it's not true,” summed up state Sen. Jamie Pedersen, D-Seattle, a Murray ally who a decade ago succeeded Murray in the state Legislature.
The surprised look on my face prompted him to continue: “I know, a lot of people have asked me: ‘Why are you here if you're not sure what the mayor is saying is true or not?' My answer is that no matter what happened 30 years ago, what I do know to be true is that he's been a great mayor for this city. We should have had another four years, maybe eight years, of his talent for this city. Now we won't.”
Pedersen's hedging is understandable, because who really knows? But it's also damning. As I wrote when the scandal first broke, there is no due process in politics. The cold reality is that if your allies aren't willing to prosecute your case in the court of public opinion, then you are death-sentenced to the political sidelines.
Nobody in the past month has forcefully defended Murray. A lot of people have said he is a good mayor, or have stood by him to testify that he can run the city. This is not the same as saying he didn't do it.
One of the complicating aspects of this story is how old the allegations are. Pedersen, who like Murray is gay, said it's been hard to talk about because there was an entirely different context about being gay 30 years ago that is almost impossible for people to understand today.
Being gay was effectively illegal — in some places literally so. It drove gay men into the shadows in ways that were often harmful. To pay for sex, for example.
“It's hard to recall from the perspective of 2017 how miserable it was to be gay back then,” Pedersen said. He said this context doesn't explain away the allegations, though it might cast them in a different light.
For example, he said, if an accuser who claims he was 15 was actually 17 or 18 at the time — perhaps he didn't remember the dates exactly because it was so long ago — then that seemingly slight change “could shift the story to what might have been, back then, a fairly normal thing that gay men might have been doing in the 1970s and '80s.”
All of this is speculative, though, because Murray denied the allegations, in total. He's also been accused of far worse than could be mitigated by the contexts of the time, such as abusing a foster kid.
About the stories of the four accusers, Pedersen concluded, “we'll likely never know the real truth.”
Fair or not, politics abhors a vacuum like that. The case is easy to make that Murray was a strong mayor. Eighteen months ago I wrote that he was on such a roll that “Seattle is firmly Ed Murray's city now.”
Suddenly, it isn't. It's the silence in Murray's defense that made this decision for him. For something that sometimes seems so fickle, politics can be brutally resolute.
Overview
The Zion Traverse (aka Trans-Zion Trek) is a 50-mile point-to-point route that spans the entirety of Zion National Park from the northwestern to southeastern tip. The route can be traveled in either direction as a multi-day backpacking trip or as a one-day trail run.
For those that are lucky enough to trek across Zion, the experience is sure to leave a lasting impression. Your efforts will be rewarded tenfold by the beauty of Zion's deep canyons, sandstone monoliths, and diverse ecology. Due to its unique location and huge elevation range, Zion is a unique and bewildering place to cross on foot.
In this guide, I will cover the route my group took in late October 2017, from Lee Pass Trailhead to the East Entrance Trailhead.
We took four days and three nights to hike the Zion Traverse as a group of six. I made online reservations for backcountry permits in early August and picked them up at the Zion Canyon Visitor Center on the morning of our hike. Our group left three vehicles at the East Entrance Trailhead, piled into my Ford F-150, and drove one and a half hours to Kolob Canyons to start the hike at Lee Pass Trailhead.
Note: Hike statistics were recorded with Gaia GPS app. To see a full breakdown of the gear I carried and used on this trip, click here.
Quick Facts
Distance: 49.8 miles
49.8 miles Hike Time: 4 days
4 days Elevation Gain: 6801 feet
6801 feet Fee: $25 per vehicle for a 7-day pass. Backpacking permits are also required.
$25 per vehicle for a 7-day pass. Backpacking permits are also required. Dogs: No
No Difficulty: Hard
Map
Download GPX File
Description
Day 1
Distance: 8.3 miles
8.3 miles Ascent: 925 feet
925 feet Descent: 1200 feet
Unless you do it from the opposite direction, the Zion Traverse starts at Lee Pass Trailhead on the scenic Kolob Canyons Road, off Exit 40 on Interstate 15.
The hike begins with a gradual descent on the La Verkin Creek Trail, with exquisite views of Navajo sandstone towers and typical plants and animals found in the high deserts of the Colorado Plateau. To our surprise, we encountered wild turkeys both on the trail and at camp.
La Verkin Creek Trail passes six campsites before the marked junction with Hop Valley Trail, six miles in. At this point, bear right to take a short series of switchbacks and gain 600 feet elevation.
A couple miles after the junction, the trail crosses Hop Creek and meets up with Hop Valley Camp Area Site 1 and 2, elevation 5,800 feet. These campsites are also referred to as Campsite A and B, or Horse Camp and Boundary Camp.
Day 2
Distance: 12.6 miles
12.6 miles Ascent: 1836 feet
1836 feet Descent: 471 feet
Before you leave camp, make sure to fill up your water bottles at Hop Creek. There is a good chance you won't find water until Wildcat Spring. In our case, Wildcat Spring was dry, but a half mile before Wildcat Canyon Camp we discovered a trickle. Some generous hikers also left several gallons at the Hop Valley Trailhead with a sticky note that read, “free water”. We happily partook.
Day two begins with a five-mile uphill jaunt on the sandy Hop Valley Trail. Once you reach the junction at Hop Valley Trailhead, bear left onto the Connector Trail. From here, the trail gains 600 feet over four miles before a marked junction with Wildcat Canyon Trail. Continue to head eastward on the Wildcat Canyon Trail for a little over three miles, before reaching Wildcat Canyon Camp. Elevation at camp is 7,050 feet.
Day 3
Distance: 7.7 miles
7.7 miles Ascent: 459 feet
459 feet Descent: 832 feet
Thanks to low mileage, a gradual downhill grade, and some big-hearted gents that filled our water bottles at Lava Point, day three was the easiest day of the trip. Had we known Wildcat Spring was dry, we would have backtracked to the trickle of water we found a half mile before Wildcat Canyon Camp.
The day begins with a mile and a half ascent to the marked junction with the West Rim Trail. Bear right here and continue down the most undemanding stretch of the Zion Traverse. After six miles, head left onto the marked offshoot trail to West Rim Camp Area Site 8, elevation 6,760 feet. Before reaching camp you will bump into Potato Hollow Spring.
Day 4
Distance: 21.1 miles
21.1 miles Ascent: 3581 feet
3581 feet Descent: 4510 feet
If possible, I recommend booking West Rim Camp Area Sites 1-6, rather than 7 or 8 to cut down on the amount of miles covered on day four. In our case, 8 was the only one available.
As a result, we had to cover twenty-one miles in a day. We woke up at 5 a.m. and set off without breakfast. We witnessed a breathtaking sunrise during our descent into Zion Canyon. It took us ten and a half hours to reach the East Entrance Trailhead, but every person in the group was conditioned and capable.
From West Rim Camp Area Site 8, follow the West Rim Trail two and a half miles to the marked junction with the Canyon Rim Trail and Telephone Canyon Trail. Both trails meet up at Cabin Spring, but Telephone Canyon Trail is shorter.
After Cabin Spring, the trail winds its way down the White Cliffs and provides jaw-dropping views of Zion Canyon from an elevation that is higher than Angel's Landing.
From Scout's Overlook, continue down to the Grotto, where you can fill water bottles with potable tap water and use the bathroom. The next and final portion of the Zion Traverse begins at Weeping Rock. To get there, walk a mile north along the Floor of the Valley Road.
Once you reach Weeping Rock, take the East Mesa Trail about two miles and 1,200 feet gain to the marked junction with Observation Point and the East Rim Trail. Bear right onto the East Rim Trail and continue up another 1,200 feet gain, out of the canyon and onto a large plateau.
From this point, it is a gradual 1,000 foot descent to the East Entrance Trailhead. Once you reach Stave Spring, it is just another five miles to the parking lot.
Location
The hike begins at Lee Pass Trailhead on the scenic Kolob Canyons Road, off Exit 40 on Interstate 15. It is situated within the Kolob Canyons section of Zion National Park in Utah.
Get Directions
Resources
Topographic Map
Tips
If you are unable to facilitate your own shuttle, consider hiring Zion Adventure Company.
As you plan your trip, make sure to get an up-to-date report on water source conditions from the rangers at either Zion Canyon or Kolob Canyons Visitor Center. You can also check this website for info.
At the time of our hike, the spring at Wildcat Canyon was reported as flowing, but turned out to be bone dry. Fortunately, we ran into some kind fellas at Lava Point. They had five gallons of water and were nice enough to fill our bottles.
Photos
Shaquille O'Neal is a true Renaissance man.
The 15-time NBA All-Star has long led a varied life off the hardwood as an actor, rapper, US deputy marshal, comedian — and now he's ready to take on the art world by curating an exhibition he expects to be a slam dunk.
The 7-foot-1 O'Neal's first show is set to tip off on Friday at the FLAG Art Foundation on West 25th Street in Chelsea, and it is fittingly titled “Size DOES Matter.”
It runs through May 27 and features 66 works selected by Shaq. They range from Robert Therrien's colossal sculpture of a table and six chairs that dwarf even the Cleveland Cavalier center to a portrait of O'Neal by Willard Wigan that's so tiny it can sit in the eye of a needle.
“Funny how it took an exhibit about size to get a 7-foot, 1-inch man like me on board,” O'Neal told The Post. “Size matters when it comes to me playing basketball or participating in law enforcement. Other than that, size can be an illusion.”
Stephanie Roach, director of FLAG, said the foundation specializes in “outside the box” exhibitions, so a show illustrating how scale affects perception seemed like a perfect fit.
O'Neal was “undoubtedly No. 1 on our wish list,” she said.
“Aside from Shaq's unbelievable stature, he also has a larger-than-life persona off the court and a desire to take risks.”
Roach and FLAG founder Glenn Fuhrman flew to Cleveland in October and showed O'Neal hundreds of images to choose from over dinner after a preseason Cavalier game.
“I got really excited about the concept and the opportunity to work with such amazing art,” Shaq said.
He was especially drawn to Ron Mueck's “Untitled (Big Man),” a nearly 7-foot-tall sculpture of a naked, bald man curled up awkwardly, elbows resting on his knees. The renowned piece is being lent to FLAG by the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, DC.
Besides Wigan's microscopic masterpiece, several other pieces commissioned for the show also feature O'Neal as their subject. A collage by Mark Wagner, for example, is made up of dollar bills cut and glued together to create four portraits of the basketball great.
O'Neal has long been an art admirer.
“I have art of all kinds — some purchased, some gifts: African, modern, abstract, American. Also because of my kids, I have some of their art hanging,” said O'Neal, who is expected to make at least one appearance at a private FLAG event.
rich.calder@nypost.com
General Dog Care
A dog can be a wonderful addition to any home, but whether you're an experienced pet parent or a first-time adopter, it's important to keep your canine companion's health and happiness a top priority. Below are some useful tips for all dog parents.
And remember: If you're considering bringing home a new dog, please make adoption your first option. We encourage you to browse our directory of adoptable dogs in your area or visit our Find a Shelter page to start your search.
Feeding
Puppies eight to 12 weeks old need four meals a day.
Feed puppies three to six months old three meals a day.
Feed puppies six months to one year two meals a day.
When your dog reaches his first birthday, one meal a day is usually enough.
For some dogs, including larger canines or those prone to bloat, it's better to feed two smaller meals.
Premium-quality dry food provides a well-balanced diet for adult dogs and may be mixed with water, broth or canned food. Your dog may enjoy cottage cheese, cooked egg or fruits and vegetables, but these additions should not total more than ten percent of his daily food intake.
Puppies should be fed a high-quality, brand-name puppy food (large breed puppy foods for large breeds). Please limit "people food," however, because it can result in vitamin and mineral imbalances, bone and teeth problems and may cause very picky eating habits and obesity. Clean, fresh water should be available at all times, and be sure to wash food and water dishes frequently.
Exercise
Dogs need exercise to burn calories, stimulate their minds, and stay healthy. Individual exercise needs vary based on breed or breed mix, sex, age and level of health. Exercise also tends to help dogs avoid boredom, which can lead to destructive behaviors. Supervised fun and games will satisfy many of your pet's instinctual urges to dig, herd, chew, retrieve and chase.
Grooming
Help keep your dog clean and reduce shedding with frequent brushing. Check for fleas and ticks daily during warm weather. Most dogs don't need to be bathed more than a few times a year. Before bathing, comb or cut out all mats from the coat. Carefully rinse all soap out of the coat, or the dirt will stick to soap residue. Please visit our Dog Grooming Tips page for more information.
Handling
To carry a puppy or small dog, place one hand under the dog's chest, with either your forearm or other hand supporting the hind legs and rump. Never attempt to lift or grab your puppy or small dog by the forelegs, tail or back of the neck. If you do have to lift a large dog, lift from the underside, supporting his chest with one arm and his rear end with the other.
Housing
Your pet needs a warm, quiet place to rest, away from all drafts and off the floor. A training crate or dog bed is ideal, with a clean blanket or pillow placed inside. Wash the dog's bedding often. If your dog will be spending a lot of time outdoors, be sure she has access to shade and plenty of cool water in hot weather, and a warm, dry, covered shelter when it's cold.
Licensing and Identification
Follow your community's licensing regulations. Be sure to attach the license to your dog's collar. This, along with an ID tag and implanted microchip or tattoo, can help secure your dog's return should she become lost.
Fleas and Ticks
Daily inspections of your dog for fleas and ticks during the warm seasons are important. Use a flea comb to find and remove fleas. There are several new methods of flea and tick control. Speak to your veterinarian about these and other options. Visit our Fleas and Ticks page for more information.
Medicines and Poisons
Never give your dog medication that has not been prescribed by a veterinarian. If you suspect that your animal has ingested a poisonous substance, call your veterinarian or the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center for 24-hour animal poison information at (888) 426- 4435.
Spaying and Neutering
Female dogs should be spayed and male dogs neutered by six months of age. Please visit our Spay/Neuter Your Pet page to learn more.
Vaccinations
Your dog may benefit from receiving a number of vaccinations. Please visit our Pet Vaccinations page to learn more.
Dog Supply Checklist
Premium-quality dog food and treats
Food dish
Water bowl
Toys, toys and more toys, including safe chew toys
Brush & comb for grooming, including flea comb
Collar with license and ID tag
Leash
Carrier (for smaller dogs)
Training crate
Dog bed or box with warm blanket or towel
Dog toothbrush
The Scoop on Poop
Keep your dog on a leash when you are outside, unless you are in a secured, fenced-in area. If your dog defecates on a neighbor's lawn, the sidewalk or any other public place, please clean it up.
AUSTIN -- A proposed statewide ban on smoking in bars and restaurants that died during the regular legislative session appears to be getting a second chance in the special session.
Senate Bill 28 was approved 5-4 by the Senate Health and Human Services Committee on Monday. A companion bill is pending in the House.
Sen. Jane Nelson, R-Flower Mound, the committee chairwoman who has supported the measure, joined four Democrats in voting for the bill. The four other Republicans opposed it.
Proponents say the proposed law could save millions of dollars in medical costs and help spare Texans from secondhand smoke in public places. Much of the opposition to the bill has come from conservative groups who see it as government intrusion into private businesses.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Philip Brinson, general counsel for Fast Eddie's Billiards, told Nelson's committee that the ban could "adversely affect" the billiards chain because 70 to 80 percent of its customers are smokers.
Business fell sharply at the chain's outlets in cities that have enacted local smoking bans, Brinson said.
Former Austin Mayor Bruce Todd said that a local smoking ordinance enacted years ago in Austin has been highly effective and has since been embraced even by former opponents.
"Do the right thing and pass the law," he said.
Sen. Rodney Ellis, D-Houston, is sponsoring the Senate version of the bill, and Rep. Myra Crownover, R-Denton, is co-sponsor of the House bill.
Sen. Wendy Davis, D-Fort Worth, is a co-author of the Senate bill.
Proponents managed to add the bill to the special session agenda by linking it to a Medicaid cost-reduction bill that is one of the budget-related measures on the agenda. SB28's supporters say a smoking ban could save at least $30 million in Medicaid costs.
The proposed ban, which is more limited than one in an earlier bill, applies to public businesses that seek a permit from the Department of State Health Services or the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission. It exempts cigar bars and other businesss that primarily sell tobacco.
Dave Montgomery is the Star-Telegram's Austin bureau chief. 512-476-4294
One of the difficult hurdles to overcome when working with men who have looked at child abuse images is their fear of being branded as "paedophiles". The shame involved in admitting a sexual interest in children is a barrier often faced before therapy can begin.
Although there are similarities in clients, which become apparent as therapy progresses, it is important to view each man as an individual with his own particular history. This calls for a firm foundation on which to build a therapeutic relationship of trust and non-judgemental acceptance. A flexible and unique approach is all important. There is not a single model of therapy on which to draw, for the therapist who is willing to engage with this kind of work. It is the positive value of demonstrating a genuine desire to understand that sets the foundation for on-going therapy.
A range of complex difficulties surface, such as: low self-worth, weak boundaries, lack of self control, poor early attachments and insecurity. Despair and disgust are often internalised and need to be acknowledged. For many, shame underpins negative beliefs such as “I am not worthy of help” or “no-one wants to know me”, which can test the therapeutic relationship to its limit. Yet here is the very beginning of the necessary secure attachment needed in order to establish a safe environment so that exploration and hope can really begin.
A (fictional) example of a man in his 30's serves to illustrate the underlying difficulties experienced. He was an only child who had a settled home life until an incident when he was 8 years old led him to discover a secret. He found out that his father was having an affair. He was devastated. If he had had the right support at the time, this could have been dealt with naturally and easily, but instead it became blown out of proportion by the boy. This set the scene for a life in which he felt increasingly unsafe, and couldn't freely express his feelings. As he grew into manhood he became more and more introverted and unsure of his masculinity, still living in his childhood secret life. His fantasy world became his reality, eventually leading to finding comfort in child pornography. Through therapy he understood the drive, which he had completely buried whilst caught up in the complex identity of a fantasy world, and was able to direct this appropriately.
It is not possible to find one cause of paedophilia. Offering therapy to these men enables them to recognise the roots, which are often based in early childhood attachments or disturbances. Discovering these can lead to freedom and hope. Knowing that confidentiality is maintained and that information will not be disclosed allows men to come forward and have confidence in seeking help. Whilst I do not condone any form of sexual abuse I see this as a positive way forward in preventing the future harm and abuse of children.
​StopSO: The Specialist Treatment Organisation for the Prevention of Sexual Offending is a UK wide, not-for-profit organisation that connects those at risk of sexual offending or re-offending with a therapist in their area who is trained and willing to work with them. StopSO therapists will also work with the families of sex offenders. Welldoing therapist Patricia Hoare works as a StopSO Therapist.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The United Daughters of the Confederacy Monument was removed from 55th and Ward Parkway Friday morning.
Before the sun even came up, parks and rec workers removed boards put up Sunday after it was vandalized. On that day, the Daughters of the Confederacy told Fox 4 they plan on moving the monument, but they haven't given specific details as to where.
Last week, FOX 4 reported that the parks and rec board had received a request for its removal and was reviewing the request. At that time, the board did not reveal who requested its removal.
The Missouri Division of the United Daughters of the Confederacy then also requested that the monument be removed ‘from its current location to a place of safety to prevent further vandalism,' after the memorial was found vandalized Saturday morning.
The 9-foot-tall monument, that once stood in the grassy median between the lanes of Ward Parkway, was initially located at the entrance to the Country Club Plaza. Dedicated on Sept. 9, 1934 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy to honor “the women of the Old South.”
The KC Parks & Rec website describes the 83-year-old monument, saying, “the top of the shaft is the U.D.C. emblem with a wreath enclosing the letters U.D.C. and beneath the wreath are the crossed flags of the Union and the Confederacy with the dates 61-65. Lower on the monument is inscribed the dedication, ‘In loving memory of the Loyal Women of the Old South.'”
The monument was moved to Ward Parkway in 1958. The request to remove it from there came amid a wave of action to remove Confederate monuments across the country. Scroll to the bottom of the page to watch crews in action as they removed the monument.
The removal took several hours, and the crew on the scene said it was like a puzzle because of the age of the monument. The 8,000 pound piece will go into a special storage area until its future is decided.
01 of 07
An Introduction to Alternate Tunings
slobo | Getty Images
Let's be realistic for a moment. Despite all of it's wonderful characteristics, the guitar has a few shortcomings. One of the most obvious is the way the guitar is laid out - there are chords that we know should sound great, but are impossible to play, since human fingers just can't stretch far enough to reach the proper notes.
Luckily, there are ways to overcome this problem. By changing the tuning of one or several strings of a guitar, we can play combinations of notes that we previously couldn't. Many of these "alternate tunings" have been explored extensively by ambitious musicians (Joni Mitchell claims to have played in 51 different guitar tunings during her career). These alternate tunings open up a whole new world for guitarists willing to look beyond the standard E A D G B E tuning.
Learning to play guitar in many of these new tunings can be an overwhelming task. If you thought learning guitar was tricky enough in standard tuning, you're in for a REAL challenge! Guitarists will have to completely re-learn how to play chords for each new tuning they undertake. For this reason, many guitarists tend to explore one alternate tuning for an extended period, before they turn their attention to another.
A Minneapolis restaurant has fired two employees who appeared in photos wearing Nazi apparel and displaying white supremacy paraphernalia, an announcement on the restaurant's Facebook page said.
The Uptown Diner released the two employees after it became aware of the photos, which were making the rounds Tuesday on Facebook.
The restaurant said the photos were severely troubling, especially in light of events last weekend in Charlottesville, Va., where a woman protesting against white supremacy was killed.
“The Uptown Diner unequivocally repudiates the beliefs and ideals of neo-Nazis and white supremacy,” the eatery at 2548 Hennepin Av. S. said in its post. “Hate and bigotry have no place in society. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, welcoming environment at our restaurant and in our community.”
One photo shows a group of five people wearing Nazi uniforms posing in front of a mirror; two of them worked at the diner. Other photos showed the workers holding up a “Don't Tread on Me” flag, which some have co-opted for the white supremacy movement.
“These Nazi tots worked at the Uptown Diner in Uptown in Minneapolis,” Deborah Powell-Porrazzo wrote on Facebook. “They don't any more thank to pictures of them in the Nazi camouflage. I am so grateful to social media for bringing it to the owners' attention. There is no place for such filth in Minneapolis.”
Some commenters on the restaurant's Facebook page and their personal pages said the people in the photos were simply historical re-enactors.
Regardless of whether the photos were historical re-enactments, the two have little or no recourse to challenge their termination, two employment and labor law attorneys said Wednesday.
“Minnesota is generally an at-will employment state, which means employees can be terminated for a good reason, a bad reason or no reason at all, just so long as it's not an illegal reason,” said Joni Thome, an attorney with Baillon, Thome, Jozwiak and Wanta in Minneapolis.
Political affiliations and views are not a protected class. The terminated employees could try to claim religious discrimination, but that would be difficult at best, Thome said.
Attorney Marshall Tanick said the terminated employees also may not be eligible for unemployment compensation.
If an employer claims the firing was due to misconduct — which can include offensive or disruptive postings on social media — the employee cannot collect unemployment.
An employer can refuse to hire someone based on their Facebook or other social media postings, Tanick said. Recruiters often tell young people to scour their social media accounts and scrub any controversial material.
Originally, the diner said the status of the employees was under review. But after the backlash on social media, the restaurant around 7:30 p.m. said, “These individuals are no longer employed at the Uptown Diner.”
The posting said the 27-year-old diner is reviewing its policies to “continue to improve how we can best honor our values as an inclusive and diverse part of the community.”
Dumb Laws in Minnesota
The land of 10,000 lakes declares mosquitos a public nuisance.
It is illegal to stand around any building without a good reason to be there.
A person may not cross state lines with a duck atop his head.
It is illegal to sleep naked.
All men driving motorcycles must wear shirts.
Citizens may not enter Wisconsin with a chicken on their head.
Oral sex is prohibited.
All bathtubs must not have feet.
City Laws in Minnesota
Cottage Grove
Airplanes may not be landed in city parks.
Residents of even numbered addresses may not water their plants on odd-numbered days excluding the thirty first day where it applies.
Hibbing
It shall be the duty of any policeman or any other officer to enforce the provisions of this Section, and if any cat is found running at large, or which is found in any street, alley or public place, it shall be the duty of any policeman or other officer of the city to kill such cat.
Minneapolis
People are forbidden from walking in and/or down alleyways.
Red cars may not drive down Lake Street.
Minnetonka
Placing tacks on a sidewalk is considered a public nuisance.
Any person who persuades another to enter a massage therapist business after 11:00 PM is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Driving a truck with dirty tires is considered a public nuisance.
St. Cloud
Hamburgers may not be eaten on Sundays.
First of all, I would like to thank StarCityGames for an amazing weekend in Worchester! I really enjoyed the site, the way the event was run, and the SCG crew and judges for making it insane – some organizers could learn a thing or two!
My name is Michael Bonde Pilgaard – or as it says on my DCI card, Michael Bonde (it kinda sounds nicer ) and I am from Denmark. Even though I am a bit old (26 – sorry for those of you who may be older and do not think they are ”old”), I am pretty new to the competitive scene in Magic – with my first ”real” event being Grand Prix: Copenhagen 2008.
Since then, I have played a lot of Grand Prix in Europe with some win-and-in's that didnt go my way – until I finally made the Top 4 at Grand Prix: Strasbourg and secured a qualification for Pro Tour: Theros in Dublin alongside Thomas Enevoldsen, my fellow team member from Team Rocket who won the event.
When talking about Thomas Enevoldsen, I have to mention Christoffer Larsen and Joel Larsson. These guys being as awesome as they are, I decided to ask them if they wanted to join me on a trip to the United States during our summer vacation – basically just to play Magic for two months. Unfortunately we couldn't all disappear for two months, so we had to split it up but eventually we got to talk it through – we scheduled where to go, when people would arrive and which tournaments we wanted to play!
Starting off in Houston, Joel and I travelled on to Las Vegas which led to Miami. This was easy for us as there were no other tournaments in between. But last weekend there where both Grand Prix: Kansas City and the StarCityGames.com Open Series in Worchester, so we had to decide what to do and where to go!
Thomas had qualified for the Invitational with his Top 4 finish in Cincinatti last year (where Chris, Thomas and I went as well), and we really wanted to do this together too since the Invitational is insane!
Since our experience with StarCityGames has been so positive in the past (they run really smooth events and all the players are nice, which means a lot to me) and because we wanted four opportunities, instead of two, to qualify for the Invitational in Somerset, we decided to go with the Worchester events.
In hindsight, this was a really good idea!
Not having played Standard that much in the last two months, we didnt really bring anything to Miami except frustration about an open format with a lot of different decks and four of each Standard-legal card, hoping for an epiphany.
The funny thing about this is that it actually happened! After talking to Brad Nelson, who we had a blast with the last time we were over here, he told me to drop what I had in my hands and play Junk Aristocrats.
After that conversation, I couldn't really focus on anything else other than sleeving the deck up, testing it, reading about it, and just getting used to the different mechanics and play styles the deck has. That may sound easy, but I can tell you it isn't.
And even though I managed to make Day Two in Miami, I still felt like I wasn't really in the right mindset unfortunately. This didnt make me abandon the deck, though, and with Brad finishing in the Top 4, it made me feel even more motivated to learn the deck and get comfortable with it.
This brings us to round one at the StarCityGames.com Open in Worchester with me in the feature match area with a fully pink-sleeved Junk Aristocrats deck, ready to duel against another planeswalker (nerding it up a notch!). The match ended with me coming out on top 2-0, and I was really feeling good about the deck, the sideboard, and the whole setup. And why wouldnt I?
I didnt make it myself, so there was no room for failure!
The event proceeded with me getting my first loss against Jund in round eight – a tough matchup with too many Bonfires of the Damned in my opinion – but exactly enough in my opponent's opinion!
I managed to win against Junk Reanimator and then drew to lock up not only Top 8 but also the Invitational! YEAHHHH! The Top 8 eventually became a Top 4, then a Top 2 where I managed to beat Stephen Ruck to claim the title as the first European StarCityGames.com Open Series winner!
I would like to start of by saying that this deck is so much fun to play. Not only does it have a lot of triggers, which keep you on the toes, but it also has a really interactive gameplan that changes a lot over the course of a game, making the smaller descisions weigh more in the long run.
If you look at the cards by themselves, they aren't that powerful on their own - except - but together, this grinding machine of , , , , and make the deck a potent weapon against every single deck you play against.
The single change that I made from Brad Nelson's list from Grand Prix: Miami was to replace a in the sideboard for a Ray of Revalation due to the fact that I didn't want to lose to random s or to Bant Hexproof. I think that sideboarding with the deck was a bit difficult, but I think that in the end I did OK:
Vs. Junk Reanimator:
+4 , +2 , +2
-2 , -2 , –4
In this matchup, we don't really care about the ground. We want to fly and disrupt while trying to kill the opponent before they can land an , or at least deal as much damage as we can before an Angel eventually arrives.
Vs. Jund:
+1 , +2 , +2
-3 , -2
In this matchup, I wanted more power and more disruption. Because of all the removal that Jund packs, both in spot removal and mass removal like and , it is too risky to keep the in. And with that leaving, is a natural cut as well. is for early, but later on it's for the mass removal spells. is mainly for , but is also nice if you have an aggressive hand and can take away a .
Vs. Bant Hexproof:
+3 , +1 Ray of Revalation, +2
-1 , –1 , - 4 (Play It By Ear)
I was a bit unsure of the other three cards to cut but I started by boarding out three s and one because I felt I never had time to trigger Morbid. Ideally, you want to kill their one or two creatures unless they suit up a hexproof guy, then you have or Ray of Revelation to deal with and similar enchantments.
Vs. RG Aggro:
+3 , +2
-1 , –1 , -3
This game is all about surviving until turn four or five. They're very aggressive, so early spot removal ( , , etc) is the key to victory. on a Bloodrushed creature is a huge blowout too!
Vs. Naya:
+3 , +1
-4
I don't know if this is right, but I didn't really want to get wrecked by , so without , it's just a 5/5. Due to their lack of removal, the s are really powerfull and can easily race the deck. and are for the ground creatures to stop their early pressure.
It has been a great weekend, and in these past few weeks I have met a lot of really friendly and nice people – which makes me/us even more excited to get to play in the StarCityGames.com Open Series in Richmond and the Invitational in Somerset!
Michael
@Lampalot on Twitter
Mike
This should come as no surprise to anyone that has seen the numbers, but there will be no more sequels in the Scream franchise. The Scream series will end with Scream 4. I, for one, was not a hater of the film, but am not surprised about the news. Scream 4 was generally well received by the horror community, but you have to remember that it is what a movie makes that matters.
Scream 4 has a reported cost of $40 million. It has only brought in $30 million to this point and its theatrical run is drawing to a close. It will end up making money when all is said and done, but in an industry that is looking for the big draw, these numbers just do not cut it.
Compare those numbers to the recently released Insidious which made $50 million and only cost a reported $1.5 million. So far, that makes Insidious the most profitable movie of 2011.
Mar 4, 2017; Carson, CA, USA; FC Dallas defender Walker Zimmerman (right) blocks a shot on goal attempt by Los Angeles Galaxy forward Giovani Dos Santos in the first half of the home opener at StubHub Center. FC Dallas defeated the Galaxy 2-1. Mandatory Credit: Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports
Montreal Impact: 3 Takeaways from the 1-1 draw at New York City FC by Rohit Menon
Cristian Pulisic tends to be the one US player making the headlines in Germany this year as he takes the Bundesliga by storm. But rumors have now begun concerning another US youngster, Walker Zimmerman.
This is a great endorsement. For both the MLS and FC Dallas.
The rumors are that second-tier clubs VfB Stuttgart and Hannover 96 are eyeing up Zimmerman as they both push for promotion to the Bundesliga.
And interest in Zimmerman is understandable; the 6 foot 3 inches 23 year old has been a consistent presence in Dallas since they took him with the #7 pick of the 2013 SuperDraft.
But it was his impressive man-of-the-match debut for the US National team last month which really got people taking notice. ESPN's Jason Davis offered this flawless scouting report on how he rose to the occasion:
“Excellent all night. Composed and aggressive when necessary. Passed well out of the back and showed bravery by pushing the space in front of him when available.”
But that is all it is…
… an endorsement of US home-grown talent. Because while Germany (and the Bundesliga) is a top three European football league, right now both of these clubs sit in their second tier.
MLS is the best place to serve his talents as he continues to make his mark as a bona fide international.
So, what's next?
Well, from a MLS point of view, these rumors are good for the league as they generate positive association. But that's all they should be, rumors, as in order for MLS to realize it's potential as a top league, it needs to be keeping hold of it's top players.
From Zimmerman's point of view, understandably this would be a different story if it were a Bundesliga side, but in Dallas he is in good company, partnering with MLS defensive player of the year, Matt Hedges.
And from Dallas's point of view, it is entirely incumbent on them to keep him, because despite the flattery of European football, it is not only best the best thing for them and MLS is if he stays, it may also be best for Zimmerman if he does.
Give us your thoughts below.
Anyone who is familiar at all with how video games are made understands how astonishing it is that there have been any video games made at all that have actually told a good story.
Rhianna Pratchett is someone familiar with the challenges facing storytelling in video games. Following a previous life as a journalist, she began to take writing positions at game companies, racking up writing credits on recognizable games like Heavenly Sword, Mirror's Edge, the 2013 Tomb Raider reboot from Crystal Dynamics, and most recently, last year's Rise of the Tomb Raider, for which she and her writing team won a Writers Guild Award.
“When I started out, yeah, there were narrative games, but so much has changed over the last decade and a half,” she told me in an interview at the 2016 DICE Summit in Las Vegas, where she's giving a talk. “There's so much more focus on narrative from publishers and developers, from the press, from players themselves. Everyone's got a game that they really love for the story, which wasn't really the case when I first started out.”
'Do we need professional writers?'
That desire for more and better stories in video games doesn't automatically translate into an understanding of what it takes to actually make that happen. For many studios, narrative and writing was an afterthought, and respect for writing as a craft was low.
“When I first started out, one of the genuine questions bouncing around the industry was, ‘Do we need professional writers?'” she recalled. “Well, you've got professional artists! Why would you choose not to have a professional do something in your professional game?!”
Pratchett said once studios realize that yes, they do need a professional writer for their game, it was often too late, and the writing became less of a creative, collaborative process with the rest of the game development team, and more of an emergency operation.
"When I first started out, one of the genuine questions bouncing around the industry was, 'Do we need professional writers?' Well, you've got professional artists! Why would you choose not to have a professional do something in your professional game?!"
“The narrative paramedic, that's what I call it,” said Pratchett. She said the industry has gotten better about hiring someone to strap a late-term band-aid over a bad story, but ignoring story until it's too late is still not an unusual occurrence, in her experience.
“There are still a few cheeky cobblers in the industry and one is hiring writers too late,” she continued. “That is starting to change as more companies are hiring professional writers and they understand what they can bring to a project…using their skillset for building the world, creating narrative in the gameplay and mechanics, rather than bringing them on six months or a year before shipping.
Words, Pratchett said, have been considered “cheap and easy,” and there has been the attitude of “we'll make the game then someone will come in and then do the word bits. And there still are gigs like that—gigs that show no kind of knowledge or sensitivity of writers or writing, like giving someone two weeks to write 100,000 words. You're not really going to get good results from that.”
Pratchett would take those “narrative paramedic jobs,” but they just became progressively less appealing. “All you can do is patch it up a bit, stop the bleeding. It was frustrating, and I stopped taking those gigs.”
The whole game dev team as writers
Crystal Dynamics' Rise of the Tomb Raider wasn't one of those paramedic gigs. Pratchett said for that game, the writing team of four people (double that of the previous Tomb Raider, including John Stafford, Cameron Suey, Philip Gelatt and Pratchett), started thinking of how game and story would work together earlier on in the creation process. Writers were involved in the playtesting process, they were involved with the actors, and were just generally more open with the story with the rest of the development team.
It's challenging, processing feedback on the story from so many parties, from playtesters to team members to Microsoft, but it ended up benefiting the end product.
"We all have to become better storytellers in order to create better narrative experiences in games. And writers can champion that, and they should champion that"
Pratchett said getting writers more involved in all aspects of creation was a lesson learned from 2013's Tomb Raider. She said that game's original ending tested poorly with players because it ended on a death—it was kind of depressing, apparently in a detrimental way in terms of what the team intended.
So Pratchett said the team took the death ending out—but without the heavy death ending, the rest of the game needed a bit more…death.
“When we originally did the death ending, we didn't have so much death in the game. So I had to literally go back and kill off characters so there's much more death up to the end of the game,” laughed Pratchett. It was a late-in-development choice that could've been identified sooner if playtester feedback was collected earlier on in the development process, and if the writers were more involved with the rest of the team, said Pratchett. “We were all more open with the story and the script the second time around.”
“I believe that story comes through everything in the game,” she said. “It comes from the animation, it comes from the art, it comes through the music,” said Pratchett. “What writers are really good at is being able to engage the team members in what role they have to play in supporting the story. We all have to become better storytellers in order to create better narrative experiences in games. And writers can champion that, and they should champion that.”
A clip to mount your smartphone or tablet onto an Xbox One S controller. This is remixed from the XBox One Controller Tablet Mount here on Thingiverse.
I modified it to be compatible with the Modular Mounting System since I really like their phone mount design.
I will note that I was unable to get all the buttons on the controller working when paired with my android phone. I ended up using my wired Xbox 360 controller instead, and I remixed a mount for that as well.
Thanks to Running_Banana for summarizing the parts you need to print:
1x Xbox One Clip with Modular Mounting System
1x Phone Clamp Up with Tab
1x Phone Clamp Down
1x M5x25 Bolt
1x M5x65 Bolt
2x M5 Nut
1x M5 Knob Short
1x M5 Knob for Phone
You get all of the nuts, bolts, and phone holder from https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2194278
The sky and outer space have fascinated man for centuries and the History Channel's series The Universe is the story of man's study of the cosmos from his earliest attempts to map and understand the heavens through modern day scientific studies, advances, and theories.
A mix of historical footage, modern space imaging, and conceptual computer graphics presented in high-definition, the visual component of this production is absolutely breathtaking. Each of the episodes begins with a general introduction of subjects ranging from the sun to individual planets, alien galaxies, the search for extra-terrestrial life, and scientific theories like the Big Bang.
Each topic is then broken down into a series of segments that detail specific ideas, theories, or components integral to the understanding of the main topic as well as historical material, current studies and theories, and projections of potential future events and scientific advances.
The episodes also cover a wide range of topics, from Cosmic Holes to Cosmic Collisions, from supernovas to gravity. There are episodes about the weather in space, the largest objects in space (hint: they're really, really big, like the so-called cosmic web of galaxies, which is a hundred million billion times bigger than Earth), and traveling to and colonizing space.
The amount of information and data provided is enormous. Jargon abounds, including terms like lunar transient phenomena, pulsar planets, hot Jupiters, dark matter and dark energy, collisional families, the heavy bombardment period, and many, many more.
We once considered ourselves to be at the center of the universe - now we know that we are just a small speck in a giant cosmos. The Universe ventures outside of our solar system in another epic exploration of the universe and its mysteries. Discover "alcohol clouds," which are filled with organic molecules, and learn about a hypothetical planet that may exist beyond Neptune.
Using stunning HD graphics, The Universe transport viewers past the wonders of our own solar system and out to the bizarre far-flung reaches of the cosmos. From death stars to ringed planets, star clusters to space wars, The Universe uses new discoveries and more advanced CGI to help explain the mysteries of outer space.
From wormholes to transporters, examine which elements from popular sci-fi movies could really exist; and discover how the universe is awash in all sorts of strange liquids, from oceans of methane to blobs of alcohol floating in space, and even iron rain.
I've been a Detroit Tigers fan my whole life. It wasn't until I was in my early twenties that I became, inescapably, begrudgingly and for lack of a better term, hopelessly involved in the team's inner and outer workings. I started following the farm system, scouting potential Major League trade options, exploring the naunce of salary balancing.
It is not a choice; it's a spiral. It's a feedback loop. The more time spent enjoying wins results in more time feeling sorry about losses. Players become as family members. Watching the Tigers play on television is like watching my friends (who I've never met) play. There is something regrettable in the super-fan's attachment to a group of men who have not a care in world for me. When Jose Iglesias and James McCann got into a dugout dust-up earlier this year, watching the replay made my stomach turn. It was like watching my friends fight. Silly, I know.
The closest I've ever been to a Detroit Tiger was when Alan Trammel signed my mitt when I was ten, and a couple of years later when my uncle took me to a game against the Twins at Tiger Stadium. We sat behind the home dugout. During the national anthem, Danny Gladden (then a Tiger) was about to insert a giant glob of tobacco into his mouth when he noticed me staring at him. He gave me a scolding look, and gestured that I should't watch him do what he was about to do. I turned away, and turned back in time just to see him plop the chew in. That's the only interaction I can recount in all my years as a Tigers fan.
It's sad, really, that any of it matters.
I have an Old English ‘D' tattooed on my right arm, above the elbow, and sometimes people ask about it. I proudly tell them I got the ink directly after the Tigers lost 119 games (2003). That year, the year I fell in love, it wasn't about wins and losses; it was about my discovery of what the Tigers meant to Detroit, and Michigan. It was about the pastime of baseball on the radio and what it became to me. For the first time in my life, sports became more than exercise, more than just healthy competition. It was about place, I realized.
That year, I listened to nearly every game on the radio. Dan Dickerson and Jim Price had taken over for Ernie Harwell, and in their first, god-forsaken season on the radio, the Tigers racked up the second most losses in the history of baseball. But I loved it. I was a college student, so I had little to do during the summer besides lay around in my tiny room with the window open, listening to Dan and Jim crackle through the AM radio. I began arranging my days around the games. I'd have to be home in time. I'd make sure I had everything I needed before the game started: beer, a half a sandwich. From that summer on, nothing would be the same.
In 2015, not much is different. To this day, one of my favorite things to do is sit in a comfortable chair, crack open a cheap beer, and listen to Dan and Jim. Partly it's my devotion to the Tigers, and partly it's the charm of Dan and Jim. After listening to every single broadcast team in baseball over the last several years, I can say in honesty that I'm not sure there's a better combo. Most broadcasters lack the genuine likability, baseball knowledge and overall sense of fun that Dickerson and Price bring to every broadcast.
Critics like to cite Jim Price's repetition of certain phrases such as “Nice area”, “Art of pitching”, “Yellowhammer”, and “Wow” as grounds for his dismissal. I see it differently. What Price brings as a former player (backup catcher for 1968 Tigers squad) and as an occasional repetitive old man is something missing in baseball broadcasting. Most announcers allow the airwaves to be filled with dead air, only commenting when they feel necessary, and often with a complete lack of charisma. Price, as a color commentator gets it. He understands that radio listeners are a part of a family, and that comfort often comes in the form of familiarity. So, when Price utters “nice area” for the fifth time in the broadcast, we, as Tigers fans are made to feel comfortable by what we know. We know Jim is going to say Saginaw is a “nice area” even if it's mostly not (I was born and raised there). We know that Miguel Cabrera is not just batting third, he is “The Big Man”, and he's batting “thirrrrd.”
Dickerson, his play-by-play counterpart, is no less charismatic. Aside Vin Scully, Gary Thorne, and only a handful left in baseball, Dickerson has the voice of a baseball announcer. You could say he was born for radio — for baseball on the radio. Dickerson has a sort of riding effect to his calls. There is a music to it. “Two on, two out in the bottom of the ninth. Tigers trailing by one.” Dickerson has something that cannot be taught — an ability to slightly inflect the parts of sentences that require emphasis. If there is tension at any given point in a Tigers game, Dan Dickerson makes sure you can feel it, and he does it effortlessly.
Sure, I'm biased. I'm a Tigers fan, but there's something else; I'm a baseball fan. I love baseball with every ounce of my body. When the Tigers are not playing, I am looking for that magic elsewhere. I'm lucky to say that even when the Tigers are losing, it's a pleasure to be along on the ride with Dickerson and Price. Their chemistry is something that doesn't come along often.
That chemistry is Dan and Jim's shining strength. At any moment, either one could erupt in laughter, for any reason. It's not a haphazard giggle or a he-he type of laughter, it's the kind of laughter that brightens a room, even through the radio. It comes from the right places. It comes from a sense of comfort. You get the feeling that these two are doing exactly what they should be doing.
It's not an easy job to take over for Ernie Harwell, one of the greatest broadcasters of all time. But, those things that made Harwell great — Dickerson and Price bring those same sensibilities to the radio: community, tradition, and a pure love of the game.
I might have been a Tigers fan even without the radio, but I can say for sure that it was radio that grabbed me, pulled me in, and hasn't let go. Radio was a way for me to feel closer to the team. I can't say for sure that any other broadcast team would have done that. It's a big part of why I feel the way I do about the Tigers.
The Tigers aren't doing well this year. They're 58-61 at the start of the day, and there's no real indication they'll go on a streak. Still, they're 3.5 games out of the wild card, and as long as there's hope, I'll be tuning in to listen to Dan and Jim. Even if the Tigers lose tonight against the Rangers, the broadcast will take me through it, and at the end of the game, listening to Dickerson and Price will remind me what baseball really means. It's not always about glory, sometimes it's just about our city, our state, our country and the things that make it great. Sometimes it's just about spending time with good people.
I can say for sure that I'm doing that almost every night at 7:08 PM.
Detroit Web Design
Future's 56 Nights mixtape remains a fan favorite; dropping between his tepidly-received sophomore album Honest and his smash-hit DS2 in 2015, 56 Nights (and its companion mixtape Beast Mode) helped the Atlanta rapper get his groove back.
All but one of the songs on the 10-track mixtape are produced by frequent Future collaborator Southside. What fans didn't know, however, is that the Atlanta producer created all the beats for the mixtape in a single night. During a recent interview with Spotify's original series Traffic Jams, he explained how every beat for the whole project came together in such a short amount of time.
T-Pain & Southside — Spotify Rapper T-PAIN and producer SOUTHSIDE, who've never worked together before, are thrown into the back seat of an SUV and sent into the middle of LA's legendary rush hour traffic where the pair have to create a brand-new song, from scratch, before arriving at the Spotify-All Def Stage, where hundreds of fans are waiting to hear them perform that song...
“My boy Slug, one of my artists, he pulled up on me and was like ‘Bro you ai't made me no beats in like six years,'” Southside said during the interview. “Fucked around and made him a cool nine beats, and my phone rings. It's Future, like, ‘Yo I need some beats right now. I'm about to walk in the booth right now.' I looked at Slug and I was like, ‘I can give you 10 more on top of those nine.' He was like, ‘Send them.' And that shit ended up being 56 Nights.”
The mixtape ended up being a huge success for Future, earning over 684,000 downloads and 2.5 million streams on DatPiff. The video for its biggest single, “March Madness,” has racked up 23 million YouTube views since its release in early 2016.
You can watch the interview above via Spotify and catch up on all the lyrics to Future's 56 Nights on Genius now.
A neo-Nazi poster urging people to gun down gay and transgender people has been plastered on Swinburne University's walls, raising fears the toxic homophobic campaign was triggered by the plebiscite debate.
Students arriving at the university's Hawthorn campus on Monday morning were confronted with an illustration of a skeletal man wearing a T-shirt reading "Gay and Proud", with a bullet through his head. The poster, which included a swastika, was titled "Get the sodomite filth off our streets".
A neo-Nazi homophobic poster that circulated at Swinburne University.
Fairfax Media has chosen not to name the people behind the poster. They claim to belong to an organisation that has no online history. This could be the work of as few as one person.
The posters were stuck onto the university's walls on the day of an annual gay pride event, which included a pride march and a speaking session featuring former High Court judge Michael Kirby and Victoria's Gender and Sexuality Commissioner Rowena Allen.
Carnelian is here, tweaked slightly from the roadmap, but replete with new content and improvements to combat:
CONTENT
Visit Saviour's Rocks, seat of the Tree of Ages
Guest content by Richard Cobbett, highly appropriate for some late-night, lights-off Halloween zailing: Saviour's Rocks, home of the sorrow spiders.
Richard is a UK-based freelance writer and journalist specialising in games and story, whose words have appeared for over a decade in publications like PC Gamer, Rock Paper Shotgun, Eurogamer and IGN. He infamously hates spiders, so having him write an island full of them seemed a perfect revenge for his parody of Fallen London, Fallen Swindon.
Read about his experience of writing the island on his blog.
Speak to the Merchant Venturer
He has need of a reliable agent – or a resourceful one – and he will make it worth your while. Find him in Fallen London.
There are also new pretties to marvel at, like the Dawn Machine Grand Geode and Port Carnelian. Stories for these are coming soon.
COMBAT
Balance
The combat system has been rebalanced to address feedback from the community. You should notice the following top level differences:
Provided you are properly equipped and have decent combat stats for the area of the zee you are exploring (the further from Fallen London you go, the more dangerous the waters), you should be doing more damage than the enemies you are encountering and have more health.
Combat is now less about whether you can survive each individual battle, but more about controlling the threat of sustained damage. Can you make it home with your ship in its current state? Will you be able to survive another battle?
Combat should generally be a bit more forgiving, until you reach less than 50% hull integrity. At this point, you have to start worrying about things other than just the damage dealt to your ship.
You should now be completing firing solutions faster, but doing less damage. This means killing enemies (or being killed) will take more shots. This is to allow for a mid-combat decision to disengage when you find yourself in over your head with an enemy much tougher than you.
Enemies should no longer be running circles around you. Generally speaking, organic creatures will be more agile than ships, but provided you have a decent engine equipped for the size of ship you are in, you should be able to keep pace with all but the fastest foes.
Fixes
Enemies life, hull, crew and damage numbers have been rebalanced.
Enemy speeds and turning circles have been rebalanced.
Player ship hull values have been rebalanced.
Player weapon damage numbers have been rebalanced.
Player deck weapon ranges have been increased.
Enemies now spawn more frequently and more evenly across the entire map. The spawn locations have also been balanced, so you should no longer be encountering very tough enemies close to home waters.
Fighting multiple enemies is now possible. You are only able to target one enemy at a time, but they will be able to attack you simultaneously, so be careful when engaging multiple foes!
Removed selection circles around enemies when they are selected.
All enemies how have the same clickable area size, so you should no longer have problems clicking smaller enemies.
Not all ships will have the same equipment slots anymore. Small ships will only have a deck weapon slot, medium sized ships will add a forward slot and large vessels will feature an aft slot.
Combat attack tooltips should give you better at-a-glance information and no longer obscure one another.
Repairing at zee should no longer be as time consuming or expensive. However, if your ship is too damaged (below 50% integrity), you will need to dry-dock to repair it.
Features
New combat user interface. This has been visually improved and now allows you to toggle in and out of the combat UI at any point. Being engaged by an enemy will automatically open this screen.
Cannon, Flensing and Torpedo weapons now have different animations.
While in combat, if you or your foe's hull is lower than 50%, you (or they) will start being exposed to additional damage! For example: Most ships will start killing off your crew. Bat swarms will begin devouring your supplies. The voice of the Lorn-Fluke will increase your terror. Expect more to come…
In addition to enemies dealing damage to your crew, you will also be able to kill off their crew. When a ship has no crew left, you will be able to approach it and collect your reward. Eventually, you will be able to send these ships home with members of your own crew as a prize ship.
If you want to attract an enemy's attention, nothing is quite as effective as a blast from your horn.
More items have been added that will allow you to change the course of combat: Rattus Faber Assistants can help repair your hull while engaged. Strange Catches will lure submerged zee-beasts from below the water back to the surface. Blue Scintillack will immediately fill all of your firing solutions – this can now be used multiple times, rather than consuming the item. The Unclear Device will obscure you from your enemies, giving you time to escape or manoeuvre behind them. Flares will light up the zee, illuminating anyone nearby and speeding up the time it takes to build up a firing solution.
Information on the damage you receive will now be recorded in your log book.
New boat abilities/hotkey user interface. The old interface has been re-designed to match the style of the combat interface. In addition, the buttons will now be greyed out to indicate when they can and can't be used.
The Hold page has been redesigned, to give you detailed information about your currently equipped weapons and items that are available for use in combat.
The officers page in the gazetteer has been redesigned, making it clearer who you currently have equipped and allowing you to equip officers directly from the gazetteer, removing the need to have your officers panel out on the main HUD to speak to or switch officers.
Known Issues
You should not be able to close the combat interface while engaged in a fight with an enemy, though it is currently a bit temperamental. We are working to improve this.
As ever, we appreciate your feedback!
On an evening on a drive into the Selenkay Conservancy from the Porini Amboseli Camp, one of our regular guests, Pesh Framjee, picked up that one of the elephant females looked heavily pregnant.
This is the elephant family that was led by the matriarch, Echo, until her death six years ago, and they became famous through four films made by Cynthia Moss and Martyn Colbeck for the BBC between 1990 and 2009. They have taken up residence in Selenkay Conservancy and seem to like staying in the area near our camp.
In the early hours of the following morning, Monday, 15th February, there was a lot of noise from the elephants, with much trumpeting and rumbling.
At daybreak, Pesh Framjee set out with our guides, Wilson and Dennis, to walk to the viewing platform by the waterhole behind the camp.
Just outside the camp they saw the signs of the afterbirth, so they drove slowly in the camp vehicle up to the elephant family, where they saw a very small baby with the umbilical cord still hanging from it – perhaps an hour old – desperately trying to find a nipple to suckle.
Pesh writes: “The mother (Emma) seemed very nonchalant. I saw her sister and aunts helping out, but I was surprised to see a young male really trying to help the baby find a breast – pushing and guiding the baby with his trunk and even using his hind leg gently to nudge and raise it towards a teat.”
Pesh continues: “After the rest of the herd moved on, he stayed with Emma and her new baby. They were incredibly trusting, walking close up to the vehicle. The fact that the birthing happened virtually in the Porini Amboseli Camp shows how safe they feel there. There was a lot of trumpeting in the night and I had thought that maybe they had been disturbed by a lion nearby, as we had heard one roaring earlier, but it turns out that it must have been their excitement at the birth. The baby was born within 20 yards of the camp and it was a privilege to see her so soon after being born.”
March 30, 2015: It's déjà vu all over again. For the third time in less than a year, sky watchers in the United States can see a total eclipse of the Moon.
The action begins at 3:16 AM Pacific Daylight Time on the morning of April 4th when the edge of the Moon first enters the amber core of Earth's shadow. For the next hour and 45 minutes, Earth's shadow will move across the lunar disk, ultimately swallowing the entire Moon at 4:58 AM PDT.
A new ScienceCast video previews the lunar eclipse of April 4, 2015. Play it
East of the Mississippi River, the eclipse will be interrupted by sunrise. People can see only a partial eclipse. West of the Mississippi River, people can see the whole thing, including totality.
"Totality" is when the Moon is fully inside Earth's shadow. Some total eclipses last for more than an hour. In this case, however, totality spans just 4 minutes and 43 seconds—a result of the fact that the Moon is skimming the outskirts of Earth's shadow rather than passing centrally through it.
The brevity of the eclipse highlights the importance of watching the clock: Be outside no later than 4:58 AM PDT to witness the red Moon!
Why red?
A quick trip to the Moon provides the answer: Imagine yourself standing on a dusty lunar plain looking up at the sky. Overhead hangs Earth, nightside down, completely hiding the sun behind it. The eclipse is underway.
You might expect Earth seen in this way to be utterly dark, but it's not. The rim of the planet looks to be on fire! As you scan your eye around Earth's circumference, you're seeing every sunrise and every sunset in the world, all of them, all at once. This incredible light beams into the heart of Earth's shadow, filling it with a coppery glow and transforming the Moon into a great red orb when viewed from Earth.
The total eclipse of April 4, 2015, is the third of four total lunar eclipses separated by approximately 6 months, a phenomenon astronomers call a "tetrad." Such a closely-spaced succession of eclipses is a fairly rare occurrence. The complete list of dates is April 15th, 2014; Oct. 8th, 2014; April 4th, 2015; and Sept. 28th, 2015.
Set your alarm before sunrise on April 4th, and enjoy the show.
Credits:
Author: Dr. Tony Phillips | Production editor: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA
For as long as I can remember talking about video cards and GPU performance at AnandTech, there has been debate over the type of benchmarks used to represent that performance. In the old days, the debate was mostly manufacturer driven. Curiously enough, the discourse usually fired up when one manufacturer was at a significant deficit in GPU performance. NVIDIA made a big deal about moving away from timedemos and average frame rates during the early GeForce FX (NV30) days, when its cards might have delivered a decent gaming experience but were slaughtered in most benchmarks. Even Intel advocated for a shift away from most CPU bound gaming benchmarks back during the early years of the Pentium 4 - again, for obvious reasons.
It's a shame that these revolutions in gaming performance testing were always associated with underperforming products (and later dropped once the product stack improved in the next generation or two). It's a shame because there has always been merit in introducing additional metrics in order to provide the most complete picture when it came to gaming performance.
The issue lay mostly dormant over the past several years. Every now and then there'd be a new attempt to revolutionize GPU performance testing, but most failed to gain widespread traction for one reason or another. Broad repeatability, one of the basic tenets of the scientific method, was usually cast aside in pursuit of a lot of these new attempts at performance testing - which ultimately limited acceptance.
A year and a half ago, Scott Wasson over at the Tech Report did something no one since Dr. Pabst was able to do: he actually brought about a revolution in the 3D game benchmarking scene.
The approach seemed ridiculously simple - we've all had the tools for so very long. Scott used FRAPS to record frame times, and would calculate how long every frame in a benchmark took to render. By focusing on individual frame latencies, Scott's method could better characterize the little hiccups and stutters that would get smoothed out in an average frame rate. With the new method came a bunch of nifty graphs, and the world changed.
The methodology wasn't perfect, as FRAPS lacks a holistic view of the 3D rendering pipeline, but it did reveal some surprising issues (in addition to spawning further work that uncovered even more issues on the multi-GPU front). Interestingly enough, many of the issues uncovered by this focus on frame times/latency seemed to primarily impact AMD hardware.
AMD remained curiously quiet as to exactly why its hardware and drivers were so adversely impacted by these new testing methods. While our own foray into evolving GPU testing will come later this week, we had the opportunity to sit down with AMD to understand exactly what's been going on.
Although neither strictly a defense nor merely an explanation of what we've been seeing over the past year, AMD wanted to sit down and better explain their position. This includes both why AMD's products have been impacted in the manner they were, and why at the same time (and not unlike NVIDIA) AMD is worried about FRAPS being given more weight than it should be. Ultimately AMD believes that it's to the benefit of buyers and journalists alike to better understand just what is happening, why it's happening, and just what the most common tools can and are measuring.
What follows is based on our meeting with some of AMD's graphics hardware and driver architects, where they went into depth in all of these issues. In the following pages we'll get into a high-level explanation of how the Windows rendering pipeline works, why this leads to single-GPU issues, why this leads to multi-GPU issues, and what various tools can measure and see in the rendering process.
We continue our overview of Liverpool's high-profile loanees with a glance over Danny Ward‘s first months in Scotland with Aberdeen.
At a time when Liverpool's goalkeeping situation is far from ideal, it might be good to take a look at the other senior stopper on the club's books in Ward.
The Welshman is currently on loan at Scottish Premiership side Aberdeen, who lie second in the table, one point behind leaders Celtic.
The Dons also boast the second best defensive record in the league with just 20 goals conceded in 20 games.
This is an achievement which is partly down to Ward's performances between the posts.
Ward at Aberdeen
The 22-year-old has impressed during his 27 appearances to date, which include outings in the Europa League qualifiers and Scottish League Cup, as well as appearances in all 20 of Aberdeen's league games.
This isn't the type of loan where a player simply wastes away in the reserves of another club. Ward is very much a key part of the team up at Pittodrie and has played every minute of every game.
He's also kept clean sheets in 11 of these 27 appearances, and his displays must be attracting glances from Jurgen Klopp and the first-team staff back in Liverpool.
The Wrexham-born ‘keeper has spoken of a meeting with Klopp earlier in December, when he returned to Melwood for a short time during an international break.
“I had a conversation with him [Klopp],” said Ward.
“He just told me to carry on what I'm doing. There's no guarantee of anything for any player and my aim is just to keep doing well.
“Hopefully that will impress the manager. I'm contracted to Liverpool so obviously I want to go back in and challenge for the number one shirt at some point in the future.”
But what do the fans up on the east coast of Scotland think of their new goalie?
Supporters' View
I spoke with Aberdeen fan Grant Fisken who is part of the Aberdeen podcast ByTheMin Aberdeen, and he talked of the player in glowing terms:
“The immediate thing to notice about Ward is his assurance and composure for a keeper of such a young age. “This seems to transmit to the defence who all seem to have total confidence in him. “In only his third game for the club, the chants of ‘Danny, Danny Ward' (to the tune of Boney M's Daddy Cool) were in full force from the Dons fans and have been a common feature of our matches this season.”
The words “composure” and “confidence” will be music to the ears of Liverpool fans, who have had to put up with plenty of nervousness and uncertainty between goalkeeper and defence in recent years.
Grant spoke of Ward's football abilities aside from shot-stopping, and he appears to tick boxes which Simon Mignolet and Adam Bogdan don't:
“His distribution and handling have been excellent, and he has bailed us out on numerous occasions with his saves. “Shot-stopping is a given for any keeper, but what has been noticeable has the number of times this campaign he has not had much to do in a match, but has been ready when called upon to produce a match-defining save. “Those concentration levels will serve him well when he plays at a higher level. That is a definite ‘when' he plays at a higher level, as I have no doubt (unfortunately) he is destined for much bigger things than Aberdeen.”
Finally, Grant says that Ward could be the surprise solution to Liverpool's problems in this area of the pitch:
“I'm sure many Liverpool fans would scoff at the standard of Scottish football or our opinions, but in my view, if I had the choice between Simon Mignolet, Adam Bogdan or Ward, I would choose the Welshman without hesitation. “If Jurgen Klopp shows the same faith in Ward that (dare I say) David De Gea received at Manchester United, he could be your No. 1 for many years to come. “One thing is for certain, if he is not wanted at Anfield then every single Aberdeen fan would snap your hand off to keep him at Pittodrie.”
Quotes from Aberdeen
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has also spoken highly of his loan signing, and echoed Grant's view that Ward will go on to be a quality player.
“It's important when you sign a loan player that they buy into what you are doing and Danny has done that,” said McInnes.
“He works well with [goalkeeping coach] Gordon Marshall and [fellow ‘keeper] Scott Brown, who is pushing him every week. Danny's a good kid and he has brought a lot to the dressing room.
“I can only speak from the experience I've had with him but what I've seen is a very good goalkeeper with a very good temperament for someone relatively young in the game.
“He has got a big future in the game and, hopefully, we can help him along the way at Aberdeen.”
Dons midfielder Willo Flood also had good things to say about his team-mate:
“For me, he's the best I've played with. When I was at Manchester City there was David James and Nicky Weaver, who were top goalkeepers. “But Wardy, for his age, his stature, everything about him – he's up there with the best. “He has all the makings of a Premier League player in England.”
Liverpool also showed belief in the player when they handed him a five-year contract back in June.
All parties seem happy with Ward's current situation so, barring an injury crisis in the goalkeeping department at Anfield, it's likely that the player will remain north of the border until the end of the season.
“I have loved it up here at Aberdeen,” said Ward, “and the aim was always to play in as many first-team games as possible at what is a very good level.
“A lot of people down south didn't know who I was, never mind up here, so the exposure I've had in the Scottish Premiership has been fantastic.
“Hopefully that can continue for the rest of the season and it spurs me on to keep doing well.”
Ward's Future
Ward's strengths seem to fit right in with what Liverpool currently lack.
He's a confident goalkeeper who communicates well with his back line and, as we've already heard, has good distribution skills.
The Liverpool website has Ward's height down as 180cm, whereas Aberdeen's measures him at 191cm.
This may be an oversight on Liverpool's part, but acts as a metaphor for his progression during his time playing for one of Scotland's biggest clubs.
If these impressive performances in Scotland continue for the rest of the season, Ward would have every right see himself as part of the first-team picture at Liverpool on his return.
Whether this is as backup to Mignolet or as part of a complete overhaul in the goalkeeping department, remains to be seen.
Our loan watch progress reports will continue as we reach the new year, with updates on Sergi Canos, Ryan Kent, Sheyi Ojo, Lazar Markovic and Andre Wisdom.
Ninth Mansa of the Mali Empire
Abu Bakr II (fl. 14th century), also spelled Abubakri and known as Mansa Qu, may have been the ninth mansa of the Mali Empire. He succeeded his nephew Mansa Mohammed ibn Gao and preceded Mansa Musa. Abu Bakr II abdicated his throne in order to explore "the limits of the ocean".
Background [ edit ]
Abu Bakar was one of two sons of Cheikh Anta Diop, a sister of the founding emperor Sundiata Keita.[citation needed] He was the last of a mini-dynasty within the Keita clan of emperors descending from Kolonkan. After his abdication in 1311, the Faga Laye mini-dynasty would control the empire.
Reign [ edit ]
Virtually all that is known of Abu Bakr II is from the account of Chihab al-Umari.[1] Al-Umari visited Cairo after Mansa Musa stopped there during his historic hajj to Mecca, and recorded a conversation between Musa and his host, Abu'l Hasan Ali ibn Amir Habib. According to Musa, Abu Bakr became convinced that he could find the edge of the Atlantic Ocean, and outfitted two expeditions to find it.[2][3][4][5]
Following Abu Bakr II's failure to return from the second of those expeditions, Mansa Musa acceded to the throne.
Atlantic expeditions [ edit ]
The Arab-Egyptian scholar Al-Umari[1] quotes Mansa Musa as follows:
The ruler who preceded me did not believe that it was impossible to reach the extremity of the ocean that encircles the earth (meaning Atlantic), and wanted to reach that (end) and obstinately persisted in the design. So he equipped two hundred boats full of men, like many others full of gold, water and victuals sufficient enough for several years. He ordered the chief (admiral) not to return until they had reached the extremity of the ocean, or if they had exhausted the provisions and the water. They set out. Their absence extended over a long period, and, at last, only one boat returned. On our questioning, the captain said: 'Prince, we have navigated for a long time, until we saw in the midst of the ocean as if a big river was flowing violently. My boat was the last one; others were ahead of me. As soon as any of them reached this place, it drowned in the whirlpool and never came out. I sailed backwards to escape this current.' But the Sultan would not believe him. He ordered two thousand boats to be equipped for him and for his men, and one thousand more for water and victuals. Then he conferred on me the regency during his absence, and departed with his men on the ocean trip, never to return nor to give a sign of life.[6]
Trans-Atlantic travel [ edit ]
Ivan van Sertima and Malian researcher Gaoussou Diawara, proposed that Abu Bakr II traveled to the New World.[7][8] Van Sertima cites the abstract of Columbus's log made by Bartolomé de las Casas, according to which the purpose of Columbus's third voyage was to test both the claims of King John II of Portugal that "canoes had been found which set out from the coast of Guinea [West Africa] and sailed to the west with merchandise" as well as the claims of the native inhabitants of the Caribbean island of Hispaniola that "from the south and the southeast had come black people whose spears were made of a metal called guanín ... from which it was found that of 32 parts: 18 were gold, 6 were silver, and 8 copper."[9][10] Another supporting claim was made by Washington Irving, in his Life of Columbus, who wrote that in 1503 Columbus was on the Mosquito Coast. "There was no pure gold to be met with here, all their ornaments were of guanine; but the natives assured the Adelantado that in proceeding along the coast, the ships would soon arrive at a country where gold was in abundance".[11]
However, many archaeologists, anthropologists, ethnohistorians, linguists, and other modern pre-Columbian scholars say that there is no evidence of any such voyage reaching the Americas, and that there are insufficient evidential grounds to suppose there has been contact between Africa and the New World at any point in the pre-Columbian era.[12] For views representative of this point of view, see the considerations on the question advanced in Haslip-Viera et al. (1997), who for example note "no genuine African artifact has ever been found in a controlled archaeological excavation in the New World". See also the supporting responses in peer-review printed in the article, by David Browman, Michael D. Coe, Ann Cyphers, Peter Furst, and other academics active in the field. Ortiz de Montellano et al. (1997, passim.) continues the case against Africa-Americas contacts. Other prominent Mesoamerican specialists such as UCR Riverside anthropology professor Karl Taube are confident that "There simply is no material evidence of any Pre-Hispanic contact between the Old World and Mesoamerica before the arrival of the Spanish in the sixteenth century".[13]
A BBC article titled "Africa's greatest explorer" summarizes the controversy from the perspectives of the scholars and historians in Mali.[8]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Short films are awesome. They're affordable, artistically freeing, and your favorite director probably got their start in them. Also, short films suck. There's too many of them and they make no money. This has been a filmmaking conundrum almost as old as movies. Luckily, the Sundance Film Festival has turned single short films into long filmmaking careers for a while now (think Anderson, Wes and PT). Even as the economics of filmmaking have changed, Sundance has seen the value in shorts. In 2017, that value may be higher than ever.
The market for short films has always been tenuous, but filmmakers now have more opportunities than ever to capitalize on their shorts. Traditional short distribution models still exist. There's no reason you shouldn't be seeing if these international distributors could help you spread your film. You can also license the rights to your short film or try getting into one of the top shorts festivals for networking and exposure. Now we have the Internet to add to our list of platforms, and even though it's been around for a while, it still feels like a new frontier in some ways for filmmakers. That's where Sundance comes in.
SundanceNow, Sundance's streaming service, launched the Take 5 platform this year, where five, five-minute, shorts centered around a single topic are grouped together for one viewing experience. This new way of turning short-form content into episode-length material takes shorts, which are already internet friendly, and puts them in a context that makes them more industry marketable. Marcus Lee, SundanceNow Doc Club's General Manager, commented on the Take 5 platform to the Huffington Post last June.
“Short-form is more digestible. Our goal is to reach as many people as we can and it's a much easier ‘ask' of people to watch a five-minute short film than a feature-length doc. Short form is also more portable to different platforms. You may come across one of our short films in your Facebook feed and you may end up watching it on your phone. Long-form content doesn't reach people like that.”
Marcus' words say a lot about the potential for shorts success in 2017. With the Internet, you can both share a short by itself and package it with others to create longer content. This allows you to optimize your content for different platforms. We're no longer relying on features to anchor the short film viewership. Content is content, and the subscription model has made length a non-issue. Take India, for example, where the growing use of smartphones and increasing consumption of digital media has brought heavy Bollywood players to more short online content. The digital landscape is ready for shorts, it just needs a little more organization. Organization is the only barrier left.
As Richard Brody points out, “I don't make a special effort to look for worthwhile short films, and I'm sure that I'm merely skimming the surface of the excellent works that are being made and (not) shown.” The Internet is the perfect place to solve this problem, but in order to find quality, you may have to wade through a lot of crap. Tastemakers like Short of the Week, Vimeo Staff Picks, and Film Shortage help solve this problem, but we need more.
Until then, we can look to the Sundance Institute as a beacon for the kind of creativity that, hopefully, will become the norm for short films online. The audience is there, we just need a way to find them.
On that note, we are happy to recommend all festival goers check out these films done by ShareGrid members!
Jim Cummings (Director of The Robbery)
The Robbery is a single-take short film about a young woman getting out of her Uber to rob a liquor store. To shoot the film all in one take, Writer/Director Jim Cummings (who co-wrote with Dustin Hahn) had cinematographer Lowell Meyer follow the lead actress (Rae Gray) through the action in different ways.
Scott Ross (Director of Deer Squad)
Deer Squad is a short documentary about Kelvin Peña, a charismatic high schooler from rural Pennsylvania, who went viral in 2016 after befriending a group of wild deer and posting videos with them on his Twitter and Instagram accounts. Scott Ross, Pipus Larsen, and Kenneth Gug (who all together form the filmmaking collective Public Cinema Club) came across Kelvin's story and realized that he wasn't far from them.
You might be single, taken, or desperately waiting for your favorite Avenger to notice you (or Justice League member–I don't judge), but you just hate Valentine's Day.
It has little to do with the saint that was beheaded in Ancient Rome, makes single people feel bad, and pressures couples to scramble for expensive (yet “personal”) ways of proving their love to one another. None of that is cool, but you know what is?
Anna. Howard. Shaw. Day.
Who's Anna Howard Shaw?
Anna Howard Shaw was a hardcore overachiever, and if she lived to be 100, she would have probably built her own airport just because she had a hard time falling asleep one night.
She was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, England on February 14, 1847. She advocated for women's suffrage and temperance (definitely not my thing, but you do you), which led her to meet Susan B. Anthony and eventually become the Vice President of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, and later the head of the Woman's Committee in the Council of National Defense during World War I. She
Nice book report, Einstein. But how do I celebrate Anna Howard Shaw Day?
There are several fun Anna Howard Shaw Day activities (that are totally not made up) such as…
Register to vote!
Because what's hotter than democracy?
Make democracy and women's rights-themed cards
It's a good use of the $2 Eagle Dollars you still have left for printing.
Get a medical degree you aren't going to use
Preferably at Emory School of Medicine. Because you will NEVER LEAVE HERE.
Use your self-empowerment anthem as an alarm
Just so you know, your self-empowerment anthem is sung by Beyonce. Oh, you thought it was sung by Taylor Swift? No, it's not. Beyonce is the only acceptable answer.
Buy all of the candy you can and re-purpose it as Anna Howard Shaw Day candy! (Candy Howard Shaw)
You're gonna have to get it at the janky Emory Village CVS, but it will be worth it to eat fun-size Snickers for dinner for a week.
Re-purpose flowers for Anna Howard Shaw Day! (Anna Flower Shaw)
There's usually some in front of the Health Sciences Library, but be sure to pick them when no one is looking. I'm pretty sure they're part of your tuition package, but just be sure.
Watch girly anime and forget your loneliness! (Anime Howard Shaw)
Nothing like living vicariously through the characters of Ouran High School Host Club.
Learn to love yourself
Despite all of your Anna Howard Flaws.
Enjoy responsible amounts of alcohol if you are of legal age!
The Publix shuttle doesn't run on weekends, but you can make it into a romantic walk to get booze. (Anna Howard Shaw didn't care for drinking, but she can't stop you. If her ghost comes after you, tell her to mind her own business and go get a law degree just because.)
How did you spend your last Anna Howard Shaw Day?
I scowled at happy couples all day and then watched Lord of the Rings by myself. Why do you ask?
However you spend your February 14th, whether it's Valentine's Day, Anna Howard Shaw Day, of the birthday of that dog from The Artist, just remember that this day, and every day, should be about love. And a little bit of consumerism doesn't hurt either.
India will have a new breed of combat drones or UCAVs, which will be 'Made-in-India', that will boost the country's capability to launch air assaults beyond its borders that will have the ability to fire precision-guided munitions and head back base.
The Indian government is embarking on a new Project Ghatak, which will see ADA-DRDO combine developing "Indian Unmanned Strike Air Vehicle" in India, according to a report in The Times of India.
The project is currently awaiting the expert analysis from a finance ministry committee, and the government is close to approving this futuristic Rs. 2,650 crore project.
The report said that this project will follow the successful completion of the AURA (autonomous unmanned research aircraft) programme. The programme was tasked to carry out research into the future Indian UCAV.
Further details reveal that this new combat drone will be powered by the indigenous Kaveri derivative engine (dry variant) without the after burner and will feature 'flying-wing' design similar to the US' B-2 Spirit, a stealth bomber.
The Kaveri engine development has been an ill-fated story in Indian defence development as the engine that was developed to power LCA Tejas aircraft failed to provide the required thrust. India had to go for GE engines to power its LCA Tejas.
The only UCAVs currently in India's inventory are the Harop UCAVs purchased from Israel. Harop UCAV is different from UCAV that is in consideration with the Indian government since this is a Kamikaze type of aircraft, where the drone itself is the main munition and is designed to self-destuct as it attacks its target.
IBTimes India had reported previously that India was looking to counter Pakistan's success with Burraq UAVs with Heron TPs from Israel.
Even as the government looks to augment the strength of combat drones, it looks like it will eventually have different aircraft in its inventory, even as DRDO is working on Rustom-2, an indigenous armed drone.
India also uses the Israeli Heron and Searcher-II UAVs for surveillance and reconnaissance for the Indian Army and Indian Air Force in forward areas.
It could take nearly a decade before these futuristic Indian UCAVs take to the skies and be its guarding soldiers.
There are over 32 types of epilepsy which include the most recognised convulsive seisures, however there are more subtle types- Migraines are distantly related to epilepsy.
If her voice was weak and wavering it is possible that she may have had a brief “Absence Seisure”; more frequently found in children, where they can either just stop speaking for a micro-second; and in many cases either stop in their tracks if they were day-dreaming. Slurred speach is also an indication of a seisure, but usually that slurring is over more than three words. At the other extreme you can have automatism, where the thought processes shut down but the motor messages from the brain means the person remains in engaged and the patient usually walks in a straight line, and in a robot sort of manner.
Epilepsy can be triggered by concussion, albeit delayed shock up to six months. However that cause of seisure can be triggered immediately at the time of the fall.
To that end unless you were actually in her immediate vicinity and witnessed it first had you will not know. Television and microphones can lie; and they can also be manipulated. So I would treat this with a pinch of salt; and seems to be more to do with headline grabbing. Leave the decision and diagnosis to qualified medical staff.
The Republican presidential ticket's Todd Akin tragedy has now entered the third stage, bargaining. In a comical effort to wish the Akin story out of existence, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney forced Denver CBS reporter Shaun Boyd to agree not to ask any questions about the Todd Akin controversy, or the issue of abortion. The Democratic National Committee and the Obama campaign leapt on the news with relish, distributing the video, and a brief memo, to reporters.
From the Obama campaign:
The Denver CBS affiliate today reported that, as a condition for a one-on-one interview with Mitt Romney, they had to pledge to not ask Romney about either Todd Akin's recent comments or the topic of abortion. It's no surprise why. On Tuesday, the Republican Party's officially endorsed the Akin amendment, which would ban abortion for all women, including rape victims, and Paul Ryan has struggled to explain his support for redefining rape. Mitt Romney's campaign might be able to muzzle reporters from asking tough questions, but women across America deserve to know the truth about Romney-Ryan's extreme agenda.
Transcript: (via Obama for America)
Reporter: “And political specialist Shaun Boyd just finished an interview with Romney, just literally a couple of minutes ago. Shaun's with me now. And Shaun, you were one of only four local reporters to get to talk to him. And, what did you ask him?” Reporter Shaun Boyd: “You know, I had about five minutes with him, and we got through a fair amount of material, actually, in that five minutes. The one stipulation to the interview was that I not ask him about abortion or Todd Akin – he's the Missouri Republican who created a firestorm after saying women's shut down in a legitimate rape to prevent pregnancy. I did ask him about health care, the female vote, and energy.”
Todd Akin has mired Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan, and really, the entire Republican Party, in the weirdest political panic ever: the dreadful possibility that voters will actually find out what they believe in. This week has seen breathless reporting on a Republican Party plank that's been the same for over 30 years, as well as details of Paul Ryan's heinous beliefs about rape and abortion, and Mitt Romney's slightly-less-heinous-because-you-never-really-know-what-they-are beliefs on the subject.
With Ryan unable to plausibly address the issue even in 15-second increments, perhaps Romney is wise to institute this self-gag order, reasoning that the horrible press he gets for it wouldn't be as bad as whatever answers he might have given on the subject. However, the plan lacks any long-term vision, as most national reporters aren't likely to agree to such a deal, they're not going to stop asking, and Romney's answers don't figure to get much better.
Also worth noting is that negotiations over interviews are normally kept off the record, which means that this time, the Romney campaign either forgot to ask, or Boyd refused to keep it off the record.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
At Mozilla, a small recon team has been toying with the idea of blending the best features of the web such as interconnectedness, permissionless content creation, and safe execution of remote code with the immersive interaction model of Virtual Reality.
By starting out with support for Oculus's DK2 headset, we've enabled those interested to begin experimenting with VR. As a quick introduction, I wanted to show some of the differences in rendering techniques developers have to account for when building their first VR experience. For this post, we'll focus on describing rendering with the WebGL set of APIs.
My first rendering in WebVR, the Stanford dragon. Firefox handles the vignetting effect, spatial, and chromatic distortion for us just by entering fullscreen.
Multiple Views of the Same Scene
An important first distinction to make: With traditional viewing on a monitor or screen, we're flattening our three-dimensional scene onto a plane (the view-port). While objects may have different distances from the view-port, everything is rendered from a single point of view. We may have multiple draw calls that build up our scene, but we usually render everything using one view matrix and one projection matrix that's calculated at scene creation time.
For example, the view matrix might contain information such as the position of our virtual camera relative to everything else in the scene, as well as our orientation (Which way is forward? Which way is up?). The projection matrix might encode whether we want a perspective or orthographic projection, view-port aspect ratio, our field of view (FOV), and draw distance.
As we move from rendering the scene from one point of view to rendering on a head-mounted display (HMD), suddenly we have to render everything twice from two different points of view!
In the past, you might have used one view matrix and one projection matrix, but now you'll need a pair of each. Rather than having the choice of field of view (FOV), you now must query the headset the user's FOV setting for each eye. As anyone who's visited an eye doctor or had an eye exam lately can attest, your eyes each have their own FOV! This is not necessary to correct for when rendering to a far away monitor, as the monitor usually is a subset within the current field of view, whereas a head-mounted display (HMD) encompasses the entire field of view (FOV).
The Oculus SDK has a configuration utility where the user can set individual FOV per eye and interpupillary distance (IPD), essentially the space between eyes, measured from pupil to pupil).
The unique fields of view give us two unique projection matrices. Because your eyes are also offset from one another, they also have different positions or translations from the position of the viewer. This gives us two different view matrices (one per eye) as well. It's important to get these right so that the viewer's brain is able to correctly fuse two distinct images into one.
Without accounting for the IPD offset, a proper parallax effect cannot be achieved. Parallax is very important for differentiating distances to various objects and depth perception. Parallax is the appearance of objects further away from you moving slower than closer objects when panning side to side. Github's 404 page is a great example of parallax in action.
That's why some 360-degree video shot from a single view/lens per direction tends to smear objects in the foreground with objects farther away. For more info on 360-degree video issues, this eleVR post is a great read.
We'll also have to query the HMD to see what the size of the canvas should be set to for the native resolution.
When rendering a monoscopic view, we might have code like —
function init () { // using gl-matrix for linear algebra var viewMatrix = mat4.lookAt(mat4.create(), eye, center, up); var projectionMatrix = mat4.perspective(mat4.create(), fov, near, far); var mvpMatrix = mat4.multiply(mat4.create(), projectionMatrix, viewMatrix); gl.uniformMatrix4fv(uniforms.uMVPMatrixLocation, false, mvpMatrix); }; function update (t) { gl.clear(flags); gl.drawElements(mode, count, type, offset); requestAnimationFrame(update); };
in JS and in our GLSL vertex shader:
uniform mat4 uMVPMatrix; attribute vec4 aPosition; void main () { gl_Position = uMVPMatrix * aPosition; }
…but when rendering from two different viewpoints with webVR, reusing the previous shader, our JavaScript code might look more like:
function init () { // hypothetical function to get the list of // attached HMD's and Position Sensors. initHMD(); initModelMatrices(); }; function update () { gl.clear(flags); // hypothetical function that // uses the webVR API's to update view matrices // based on orientation provided by HMD's // accelerometer, and position provided by the // position sensor camera. readFromHMDPS(); // left eye gl.viewport(0, 0, canvas.width / 2, canvas.height); mat4.multiply(mvpMatrix, leftEyeProjectionMatrix, leftEyeViewMatrix); gl.uniformMatrix4fv(uniforms.uMVPMatrixLocation, false, mvpMatrix); gl.drawElements(mode, count, type, offset); // right eye gl.viewport(canvas.width / 2, 0, canvas.width / 2, canvas.height); mat4.multiply(mvpMatrix, rightEyeProjectionMatrix, rightEyeViewMatrix); gl.uniformMatrix4fv(uniforms.uMVPMatrixLocation, false, mvpMatrix); gl.drawElements(gl.TRIANGLES, n, gl.UNSIGNED_SHORT, 0); requestAnimationFrame(update); };
In a follow-up post, once the webVR API has had more time to bake, we'll take a look at some more concrete examples and explain things like quaternions! With WebGL2's multiple render targets (WebGL1's WEBGL_draw_buffers extension, currently with less than 50% browser support, more info), or WebGL2's instancing (WebGL1's ANGLE_instanced_arrays extension, currently 89% browser support) it should be possible to not explicitly call draw twice.
For more info on rendering differences, Oculus docs are also a great reference.
90 Hz Refresh Rate and Low Latency
When rendering, we're limited in how fast we can show updates and refresh the display by the hardware's refresh rate. For most monitors, this rate is 60 Hz. This gives us 16.66 ms to draw everything in our scene (minus a little for the browser's compositor). requestAnimationFrame will limit how quickly we can run our update loops, which prevents us from doing more work than is necessary.
The Oculus DK2 has a max refresh rate of 75 Hz (13.33 ms per frame) and the production version currently slated for a Q1 2016 release will have a refresh rate of 90 Hz (11.11 ms per frame).
So, not only do we need to render everything twice from two different viewpoints, but we only have two-thirds the time to do it (16.66 ms * 2 / 3 == 11.11)! While this seems difficult, hitting a lower frame time is doable by various tricks (lower scene complexity, smaller render target plus upscaling, etc). On the other hand, reducing the latency imposed by hardware is much more challenging!
Not only do we have to concern ourselves with frame rate, but also with latency on user input. The major difference between real-time rendering and pre-rendering is that a real-time scene is generated dynamically usually with input from the viewer. When a user moves their head or repositions themselves, we want to have a tight feedback loop between when they move and when they see the results of their movement displayed to them. This means we want to get our rendering results displayed sooner, but then we run into the classic double buffering vs screen tearing issue. As Oculus Chief Scientist Michael Abrash points out, we want sub 20 ms latency between user interaction and feedback presentation.
Whether or not current desktop, let alone mobile, graphics hardware is up to the task remains to be seen!
To get more info or get involved in WebVR:
* MozVR download page (everything you need to get up and running with WebVR in Firefox)
* WebVR spec (in flux, subject to change, things WILL break.)
* MDN docs (in progress, will change when spec is updated)
* web-vr-dicuss public mailing list
* /r/webvr subreddit
Forgive me for saying so, but being the author of Forrest Gump (the novel) must have been a very Forrest Gump (the movie) sort of experience. You write this unpretentious, reasonably funny little satirical novel that doesn't get a whole lot of attention at first. Hollywood buys the movie rights for what wasn't a big pile of dough — $350,000, to be exact. Then eight years later it becomes the biggest, most beloved film of 1994.
So you become a little bit famous, and there's a paperback deal — except they put Tom Hanks' name on the cover a whole lot bigger than yours. And talk about your box of chocolates, get this: Studio accounting reportedly shows that even though Gump (the movie) has grossed nearly $700 million worldwide, it's actually lost money, and you, Winston Groom, have to hire an attorney to prod Paramount into giving you the extra $250,000 you feel you have coming to you.
As I say, it's a Forrest Gump kind of experience. So what do you do? Well, if you're smart, you decide to write a sequel: Gump & Co.. Then if anybody decides to make Gump II, the movie, they're going to have to deal with you. But do you write a sequel to your book or to the film? As so often happens in Hollywood, they're really quite different. The original Gump, after all, wasn't a warmhearted dope like Hanks' character, but an idiot savant like the one Dustin Hoffman played in Rain Man — a 6-foot-6-inch, 240-pound musical genius and walking computer, who's also, to be frank, a bit of a redneck.
Imagine Huck Finn suiting up for the Alabama Crimson Tide back in the late '60s and running the ball into ”a pile of Nebraska corn shucker niggers an big ole white boys” and you'll have the basic idea. (Not that anybody's ever going to confuse Winston Groom with Mark Twain.) In Groom's original book, Gump's Vietnam pal Bubba wasn't black; he was white. And Jenny didn't latch on to Forrest just because he was so sweet-natured but because he was hung like a Clydesdale stallion. Gump didn't lose her because she ran off with hippies; he lost her because, among other things, he threw his Congressional Medal of Honor during an antiwar rally and injured a politician — and was summarily hauled off to a mental hospital. And Gump didn't invent jogging; he became a pro wrestler.
For that matter, Groom's occasionally bitter satire isn't chockful of such heartwarming maxims as ”Life is like a box of chocolates,” or ”Stupid is as stupid does” — which is not to say the film betrayed the book. If the cinematic Forrest Gump is more sunny and downright sentimental than Groom's novel, it's also far richer, more densely imagined and emotionally resonant.
For the sequel, Groom has evidently decided to split the difference. In Gump & Co., our hero's no longer an idiot savant — merely the feebleminded hero of a limp, episodic tale that aspires to satire but barely rises to sitcom level. Successful satire requires both wit and whimsy, of which this plodding, mechanistic tale hasn't a trace. Once he'd conceived the project, it must have taken Groom all of 15 minutes to write an outline.
So the public wants to see Forrest in some more computer-enhanced news-reel footage? Groom gives us a moron's-eye view of what's basically CNN's Greatest Blunders of the Reagan and Bush Years. Gump suits up for the New Orleans Saints (one of pro football's worst teams at the time), turns up in Atlanta to help botch the secret formula for New Coke, visits Iran as ”special assistant for covert operations” under Col. Ollie North, plays Goliath at Rev. Jim Bakker's Bible theme park, becomes vice president of insider trading for ”Ivan Bozosky,” pilots the Exxon Valdez, accidentally causes the fall of the Berlin Wall, captures Saddam Hussein for ”Gen. Scheisskopf” — even meets Bill and Hillary on a camping trip down the Whitewash River.
Sounds funny — but it's not. Alas, ”Ivan Bozosky” and ”Gen. Scheisskopf” are about as clever as Gump & Co. gets. All in all, a flaccid, cynical performance. When last we heard, Hanks was saying he had no interest in a Forrest Gump sequel. Even so, wait for the movie. D
President Obama shortened the sentence of Chelsea Manning, a former U.S. Army soldier who admitted to leaking secret government documents to WikiLeaks. She had been sentenced to serve 35 years behind bars.
Under the President's order, Manning's sentence will expire on May 17, 2017.
Manning, who was born Bradley Manning, came out as a transgender woman after she was sentenced to serve 35 years in prison. She's faced trouble in her efforts to transition behind bars. In 2016, a petition garnered 100,000 signatures calling for President Obama to release her early. She has been in an all-male prison and has tried to commit suicide more than once.
The president's announcement came as a surprise to Evan Greer, a friend and supporter of Manning's who spoke to TIME on Tuesday. The president's decision, Greer said, is “saving Chelsea's life.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“She has so much to offer the world. It's incredible that she'll be able to do that now and people will be able to learn about who she is as a whole being,” Greer said. “Her friends and supporters and legal team will be jumping into action to be there for her and help her return to her life.”
Manning's was one of 209 commutations granted by President Obama on Tuesday. He also pardoned 64 individuals.
“Chelsea Manning exposed serious abuses, and as a result her own human rights have been violated by the U.S. government for years,” said Margaret Huang, executive director of Amnesty International USA. “President Obama was right to commute her sentence, but it is long overdue. It is unconscionable that she languished in prison for years while those allegedly implicated by the information she revealed still haven't been brought to justice.”
Amnesty also called on Obama to pardon Edward Snowden, though press secretary Josh Earnest has indicated that's unlikely. At Friday's press briefing he outlined stark differences between the two cases.
“I'm relieved and thankful that the president is doing the right thing and commuting Chelsea Manning's sentence,” said Chase Strangio, a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union's LGBT Project representing Manning. “Since she was first taken into custody, Chelsea has been subjected to long stretches of solitary confinement — including for attempting suicide — and has been denied access to medically necessary health care. This move could quite literally save Chelsea's life, and we are all better off knowing that Chelsea Manning will walk out of prison a free woman, dedicated to making the world a better place and fighting for justice for so many.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Last night I was pushed over the brink of sanity and can no longer maintain my own standards regarding language, so be forewarned. Consider this a post-regretful evening note to the Republican Party regarding their behavior last night. If you are the sailor-swearing type, feel free to insert a rousing chorus of F-Us at the end of each paragraph. I feel it's warranted.
About last night, Republicans. Let me help you out, because you so clearly did not hear this country on November 8, 2008 when we cast our ballots in a mandate for change via Barack Obama. Yes, this was a scathing indictment of you which you chose to ignore. You did not listen as we cast aside your politics of hate. You did not listen as we turned our backs on your racism. You did not listen when we stood unified as a nation, proud of electing our first black President. You just keep on rolling out the hate.
And then yesterday, as the President got ready to announce the last combat troops were out of Iraq, and the nation could finally let out its war-weary breath on one front, you had the nerve, the unmitigated gall, to warn the President of the United States to not take “credit” for Iraq.
Seriously?
No one is taking “credit” for Iraq. There is no “credit” to be taken. You have yet to admit you lied us into this war. You told us there were Weapons of Mass Destruction and then laughed when you were proven to have lied to us. You laughed. You didn't even say you were sorry or show any shame or humiliation over such a huge lie. Lives were lost but you laughed.
You invaded a sovereign nation and called those of us who protested unpatriotic. You violated our rights at every turn. You abused your power and the power of the executive office. You treated it like a dictatorship. And you laughed.
You showed no sense of responsibility, no awareness of the consequences of your actions. One expects their leaders to have some grasp, however tenuous, on reality. As just an average American, I have never stopped mourning the loss of our morality and integrity as a country. Others who lived through Vietnam will say we never had any morality or integrity. But Vietnam could have been an anomaly were it not for your decision to lead us into an unwarranted war in Iraq.
The weight of those lost lives is heavy.
And instead of acknowledging these sacrifices over your mistake, instead of fighting for Veterans' benefits, instead of finding one damn thing to be positive about, Republicans can not stop being ungrateful, petty, small-minded, empty-hearted partisan hacks.
Not only did the President give former President Bush credit last night in his speech, but he never took “credit” for ending this war himself. He acknowledged that he had kept a campaign promise, but it seems to escape the Republicans that he didn't make that promise as some nod to his base, he made it because he did not agree with the invasion. He never did. It's called integrity. It wasn't a jingle. My god, I feel like I'm explaining Newton's Theory of Universal Gravitation to children. The vastness of your inability to grasp complicated truths astounds me.
He never pretended to be rah-rah. He didn't label this “Mission Accomplished”. He was somber, because the ending of an atrocity does not make it any less atrocious. And yet, we want to honor the troops who have given the ultimate sacrifice for us because we called upon them. Or rather, you called upon them. We were protesting and being called unpatriotic. But now that the war was started, now that they have served, we are trying to learn from Vietnam. We don't want them feeling like the Vietnam troops did. Had the President questioned the justice of this war too much, he would dishonor the troops' mission. And yet, he makes it clear that we want to examine how we got here, not to point the fingers, but so that we can learn.
Like a leader, he thanked the troops. He thanked everyone who sacrificed for this war, even though he didn't start it and didn't believe in it. He showed amazing grace and hit all the right notes.
The President is a better person than I.
This President has the grace and intelligence to hand you Republicans a huge political gift of non-partisanship regarding this war, not because he digs you and certainly not because you have earned it, but because he loves this country enough to want unify us. He wants to do this more than he wants to score political points. And this allows you a get-out-of-jail free card.
He wants to lead us into a healing arena and away from the rage that so consumes a nation that was lied to and betrayed and so he did not mention how you lied us into this war. He didn't mention all of the ways you have failed to support the veterans. He went so far as to give Bush credit, rightfully so, for finally implementing the surge which became the train, advice and assist mission. He never pointed out that that mission would have failed if not for his own diplomatic approach to the Iraqis, who wanted dominion over their country back but were at the same time, afraid of our leaving.
None of this was Obama's problem. He did not start this war. He was against this war. And still, he has managed to clean up your mess,the epic cluster-#*@* and put it all away, and never point the finger at you. If he merely points out that he inherited this war, you whine. That can only be because you are too childish and immature to own up to your own mistakes and instead would like this President not only to buy into your revisionism, but give you “credit” for anything he managed to salvage from it. Still, he extended a hand to you last night and to Bush. A bridge for our country. A gift to you.
And you took this gift and crapped petty partisanship all over it.
You buried it in the putrid stench of juvenile taunts and hubristic mocking, all meant to distract from your denial of your utter ownership of this debacle. You whined all over TV and your cowardly bunkers of Facebook about how you wanted credit for “Iraq”, never once admitting that we wouldn't be there in the first place if you hadn't lied to us. Never admitting that the surge you keep patting yourselves on the back for wouldn't have been necessary if Bush hadn't ignored General Shinseki's recommendations prior to invasion.
Here's their 2012 front-runner, Sarah Palin, and her mocking preemptive strike of her President courtesy of Jason Easley:
“”Later today, President Obama will speak to the American people about Iraq. No doubt he will laud the “end of major combat operations” by the date he randomly selected some 18 months ago. His press secretary Robert Gibbs also gave us a glimpse of what else he might say, telling the Today Show this morning that “What is certainly not up for question is that President Obama, then-candidate Obama, said that adding those 20,000 troops into Iraq would, indeed, improve the security situation, and it did.””
Yes, Sarah. Obama was paying attention way back when, before you even knew who the Iraqis were or where Iraq was on a map.
And now you want credit for the surge? The same surge that was actually you finally sending the amount of troops General Shinseki told you were needed from the beginning. Let me refresh your conveniently sketchy memory. The New York Times reported:
“General Shinseki, testifying before Congress in February 2003, a month before the United States invaded Iraq and toppled Saddam Hussein's regime, said “several hundred thousand soldiers” would be needed to stabilize Iraq after an invasion. In words that came to be vindicated by events, the general anticipated “ethnic tensions that could lead to other problems,” adding, “and so it takes a significant ground force presence to maintain a safe and secure environment.”
The testimony angered Donald H. Rumsfeld, the defense secretary at the time, whose war plans called for far fewer troops.”
Do you recall now? Do you remember now why we had to have a “surge”? This surge that you are screeching about was the result of your failure to listen to your own General. Allow me to reiterate again, in case you missed it as you are obviously slow, that the surge would never have been necessary in the first place if you had not lied us into war.
And let's face it, Republicans, you didn't want to implement a draft or make the war unpopular leading up to an election, so you knowingly sent inadequate troops into a slaughter. You did this because you were losing the war in Afghanistan and you wanted to distract the people so you could win an election.
How do you even hold your head up in public, let alone go around demanding attention and kudos for a poorly implemented invasion?
If you want credit for something so badly, why don't you own up to your mistakes first. That's generally how it's done. Out here in Real America.
Have you no pride? No honor? Not a shred of shame?
Republicans, you don't have the grace to know when to shut up. So let me help you. Now is the time to shut up. Now is the time to go hide with your tails between your legs. Now is the time to come out with bland but supportive statements of your President and the troops. Now is the time to just stop the craziness. Stop it now.
You go too far.
If for no other reason, I would not vote for a party so out of touch with this country that you don't know when to shut the hell up. And, courtesy of this peace-loving and proud of it Liberal American patriot, let me add what the President could not last night: a loud, hearty, red white and blue F-U. And you can take that to the bank.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Um Saad, a middle-aged woman living in the Sunni district of Khadra in west Baghdad, blames the Americans for the death of her husband and two of her sons and threatens revenge.
"They are monsters and devils wearing human clothes," she exclaims vehemently. "One day I will put on an explosive belt under my clothes and then blow myself up among the Americans. I will get revenge against them for my husband and sons and I will go to paradise."
Just as the White House and the Pentagon were trumpeting the success of "the surge" – the dispatch of extra American troops to Iraq last year – and the wire services' claim that the country has enjoyed "months of relative calm", Um Saad saw Saif, her second son, shot dead as he opened the door of her house.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Iraq is still convulsed by violence and security has only improved compared to the height of the sectarian civil war in 2006 and early 2007 when 65 Iraqis were being killed every day. By this February the number of dead had fallen to 26 a day though this has risen to 39 in March so far.
The misery of people like Um Saad is the cumulative result of years of war. Dressed in dark robes, sitting in the bare sitting room of her modest house in al-Khadra, this 49-year-old woman tells how her family was slowly destroyed. "I am not educated and I only went to primary school," she says. "I married an air force pilot called Latif and we had three sons and one daughter."
Latif was stationed at Bakr airforce base at Balad, north of Baghdad, during the 1990-91 Gulf War and was killed in an American bombing attack. "I didn't get support from our uncles and aunts so we lived on his pension and we sold a car, a Chevrolet Malibu, he had been given by the government because he was a pilot," says Um Saad.
Her eldest son, Saad, wanted to enter the military academy just like his father. Um Saad said she did not want to lose him and instead he went to the police academy and had graduated as a police lieutenant when Saddam Hussein was overthrown in April 2003. She wanted him to resign. "After the fall of Iraq the police were the second target [of Sunni guerrillas] after the Americans."
Saad equivocated over resigning since he held the Americans responsible for killing his father, but the family needed his salary. He finally decided to leave the police, but before he could do so, on 25 October 2003, his police station at Khadra was hit by a large car bomb. He was uninjured by the blast but, as he ran with his pistol drawn to help a friend, American soldiers at the scene thought he was attacking them. "They shot him dead with six bullets in the head and many more in the body," says his mother.
Um Saad says it was at this point she began to hate the Americans: "I do not look on them as human beings." Her priority was to try to save her three surviving children. She was particularly worried about Saif, 17 and in his fifth year in secondary school, because many of his friends had joined al-Qa'ida in Iraq. Um Saad thought it would be the safest if Saif went to Syria and she enticed him to go there at the end of 2006 by telling him that his cousin Mariam, whose family had already fled there, was in love with him and wanted to marry him. Saif came back to Baghdad in October last year when Syria changed its visa and residency requirements.
Um Saad was "desperately worried because the security situation was bad". It was at this time that the US forces in Khadra had set up al-Sahwa, the Awakening Council, as a Sunni anti-al-Qa'ida force.
"I was so stupid," says Um Saad bitterly. "I thought the danger was that Saif would join al-Qa'ida because the Americans had killed his father and brother." In fact he secretly joined al-Sahwa and was expecting to earn $400 a month. On the night of 15 February as the family were having their supper there was knock on the door. Saif answered it and Um Saad heard shots. "I was too late," she says. "He was lying dead on the doorstep and on his chest was a piece of paper saying: 'Death to al-Sahwa and all enemies of al-Qa'ida'."
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Right around the point where women "seriously" mistimed their pregnancy (meaning that they wanted to have a baby eventually, but not within two years of when it ended up happening), their self-reported ratings of "trying" and "wanting" to avoid pregnancy intersect and diverge. This demonstrates a clear case of wanting one thing while practicing another, of these women not having the insight or the resources to act in accordance with their desires.
Of course it does require two people to get pregnant, and 18.3 percent of the women whose pregnancies fell under the categories of "unwanted" and "unprotected" reported that they chose not to use any form of birth control because their partners didn't want them to. Whether or not a woman thought the baby's father wanted the pregnancy also had a huge impact on how much she reported wanting the pregnancy: 7.9/10 if the father was on board, 2.7/10 if he was believed not to be.
There are 290,000 babies born each year to mothers who believed their coming into existence was a statistical improbability.
So, while 50 percent of all pregnancies in the U.S. are accidental (based on other research cited by the survey), a third of babies who are actually brought into the world were not, nine months earlier, planned for. And while, sure, life doesn't always go as planned, and a mother might decide she's ready even if she didn't think so beforehand, a surprise pregnancy means that she will probably be later in getting prenatal care and in changing her habits -- especially those that are drinking, smoking, and drug-related -- in response.
The survey shows, in fact, that twice the number of women whose pregnancies were unintentional as those who were trying to get pregnant failed to receive prenatal care during the first trimester. Mothers with unintended pregnancies were also more likely to smoke, and their babies were slightly more likely to have a low birthweight.
It was noted as well that 65 percent of deliveries of unintended pregnancies were paid for by Medicaid, as opposed to 35 percent of planned births.
Unintended pregnancies tend to occur to mothers with fewer resources to support the child, and therefore result in direct public health costs through Medicaid more often than intended pregnancies.
My freshman year of college, someone handed me a button that proclaimed, "Sex education is birth control." That's the first thing I thought of when I saw these numbers. Since 1982, the first year in which the National Survey of Family Growth was conducted, there has been no statistically significant change in the overall number of unintended births that occur each year. To bring this number down, a good first step might be the one that seems easiest to carry out.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
AT&T is planning to launch a new service allowing content providers and developers to pay for their customers' data usage, thus lowering the expensive data charges for some of its wireless subscribers.
Essentially, big companies like Comcast (owner of NBCUniversal) can pay AT&T for the total data charges associated with watching their content online. For instance, if you watched Celebrity Apprentice, Community, or Parks and Rec from NBC's official application, none of the data used would count against your monthly allotment. The same would be applicable for Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Sound like a good deal? Well, it's not.
AT&T's new free-to-customers data service is similar to what the telephone companies did with toll-free calling on 1-800 numbers, AT&T's head of Network and Technology John Donovan told the Wall Street Journal in an interview Monday. The motive behind the new service is to create a new source of revenue for the company to compensate for the increased fees associated with higher data consumption from its subscribers.
The problem with this particular strategy is that it gives big companies with lots of money a way to succeed while smaller inventive/progressive companies will continually get ignored. Think about it. If you can only afford AT&T's 250MB per month data plan, and all Twitter/Facebook data is free, you'll never have incentive to use a better service. The next “Twitter” or “Instagram” is dead before birth. Eventually, this will hurt innovation and give the U.S. carriers more leverage over our mobile communication habits.
This kind of data service indirectly violates net neutrality — the position that there should be no restrictions by Internet service providers or governments on consumers' access to networks that participate in the Internet.
AT&T, however, loves this new service because its much easier to secure millions of dollars in data usage from a big company than it is to collect it from each subscriber's bill every month.
“This new plan is unfortunate because it shows how fraudulent the AT&T data cap is, and calls into question the whole rationale of the data caps,” said Harold Feld, legal director of digital consumer rights special interest group Public Knowledge in a statement. “Apparently it has nothing to do with network management. It's a tool to get more revenue from developers and customers.”
Public Knowledge has made two request to the Federal Communications Commission to investigate whether its necessary for wireless carriers to institute data caps. Such an investigation would shed new light on the real costs of doing business.
As for AT&T's new data service, Feld said: “This is exactly the type of market manipulation we hoped the FCC's Open Internet rules would prevent. If the Commission does not believe it has the authority under those rules to investigate this practice, it should do so under its general authority over wireless services.”
What do you think about AT&T's new proposed service plan that would allow big media companies and app developers to pay for all the data you use? Let us know in the comments.
by Fighters Only
www.FightersOnly.com
Mauricio ‘Shogun' Rua and Brandon Vera are in line for title shots.
UFC
president Dana White said on today's conference call to promote this coming
weekend's fight that the winner will get a crack at the light-heavyweight belt.
The belt is being contested first by champion Jon Jones and challenger Dan
Henderson at UFC 151.
White explained the thinking behind the
prospective title shots.
“Well, ‘Shogun' Rua came off a Fight of the
Year last year and he's probably one of the greatest fighters of the last
decade,” he said.
“If you think about it – he knocked out ‘Rampage'
[Jackson], knocked out Chuck Liddell, knocked out Mark Coleman, knocked out
Lyoto Machida, knocked out Forrest Griffin, knocked out Alistair Overeem –
twice! – submitted Kevin Randleman… a win puts this guy right back in position,
and he's probably the No. 2 guy in the world.”
He didn't have a similar
list to offer on Vera's behalf, probably because that would be a monumental task
given that he is 1-2 with one No Contest in his last four fights and had
actually been cut from the UFC in January last year after losing to Thiago
Silva, until the loss was overturned when Silva was caught cheating his drug
test post-fight.
But of course, Vera isn't expected to win. Rua is the
favourite by miles for good reason and so if Vera can pull off the win then he
has a half-decent case to get a title shot just because it will be a pretty
monumental achievement in itself. Vera is, in the parlance of the game,
‘stepping up' for the UFC.
“Its all about opportunities. Brandon is a guy
who burst onto the scene, he was going to be [champion], he was running through
guys and then … I don't know what happened. But he accepted this opportunity to
face one of the greatest fighters of the decade and we will see what he does
with it,” he said when Vera's right to a title shot was considered.
The
fight takes place this Saturday and airs live on the FOX network in the US.
http://fightmuseumlv.com
Image caption Valve is known for Half Life as well as zombie survival game Left4Dead
Operating system Windows 8 will be a "catastrophe" for PC game makers, according to Valve Software's boss.
Speaking at the Casual Connect game conference in Seattle, Gabe Newell said the next version of Windows could mean big changes to the PC market.
Many took his comment as a criticism of the changed user interface in Windows 8 as well as its built-in Windows Store.
The Windows Store could dent the success of Valve's own online market, Steam, through which players buy games.
Hat tricks
Mr Newell, who worked for Microsoft for 13 years on Windows, said his company had embraced the open-source software Linux as a "hedging strategy" designed to offset some of the damage Windows 8 was likely to do.
"We want to make it as easy as possible for the 2,500 games on Steam to run on Linux as well," said Mr Newell.
"Windows 8 is a catastrophe for everyone in the PC space."
The arrival of Windows 8 would be likely to drive some PC makers and others out of the business because it put so much pressure on their sales margins, Mr Newell added.
He said the success of Valve, known for its Half Life, Left4Dead and Portal titles, had been down to the open nature of the PC.
"We've been a free rider, and we've been able to benefit from everything that went into PCs and the internet," he told the conference. "And we have to continue to figure out how there will be open platforms."
Image caption Microsoft could be "tempted" to make Windows 8 a closed platform, according to Mr Newell
However, he added, the openness that helped Valve as well as firms such as Google and Zynga could disappear with Windows 8.
"There's a strong temptation to close the platform," he said, "because they look at what they can accomplish when they limit the competitors' access to the platform, and they say, 'That's really exciting.'"
This is seen by commentators to be a reference to the inclusion of a Windows Store in the Microsoft operating system.
This is a shop through which users will be able to buy apps for their Windows 8 device.
On versions of Windows 8 designed to run on ARM-based chips, it will be the only way to get downloadable software such as games.
Microsoft takes a cut, up to 30%, of every sale made through this store, similar to that taken by Apple, Google and others on existing mobile app markets.
This could be a significant threat to the massively successful Steam online game store that Valve runs and which gives it a commission on every title sold through the online market.
A Windows Store closed to everyone but Microsoft might reduce the range of games available for sale through Steam.
Windows 8's links with Microsoft's Xbox Live online game service could also dent the appeal of Steam for many people.
Mr Newell said Valve was preparing for the future in other ways. In particular, he said, it was trying to make tools and services that players could use to make games and gaming more fun for everyone.
"We think the future is very different [from] successes we've had in the past," he said.
"When you are playing a game, you are trying to think about creating value for other players, so the line between content player and creator is really fuzzy."
One harbinger of this future was perhaps found, he said, in the success of one Team Fortress player in Kansas who was earning $150,000 (£97,000) a year making virtual hats.
"This isn't about video games," he said. "It's about thinking goods and services in a digital world."
Google, the company that always seems to be hiring, has finally started firing. And it's starting with the people responsible for the hiring.
The search giant said today that it planned to let go about 100 recruiters. The cuts were first reported by Valleywag and quickly confirmed on the Official Google Blog by Laszlo Bock, the company's vice president of people operations. Bock wrote:
As we made clear during our last quarterly earnings call in October, Google is still hiring but at a reduced rate. Given the state of the economy, we recognized that we needed fewer people focused on hiring. Our first step to address this was to wind down almost all our contracts with external contractors and vendors providing recruiting services for Google. However, after much consideration, we have with great regret decided that we need to go further and reduce the overall size of our recruiting organization by approximately 100 positions.
What's more, Google said in another post (blogs are apparently supplanting e-mail as the preferred method of disseminating corporate news) that it was closing engineering offices in Austin, Texas; Trondheim, Norway; and Lulea, Sweden. Alan Eustace, senior vice president ...
Durnuu Profile Joined September 2013 France 10128 Posts Last Edited: 2016-03-11 11:55:18 #2
Good for the B-teamers SKT is first no matter what, so I guess they stopped caring.Good for the B-teamers https://i.imgur.com/d9kaj98.png
Elentos Profile Blog Joined February 2015 46197 Posts #3 SpeeD hype. Splyce flair now | Where is knowledge?
Musicus Profile Joined August 2011 Germany 22502 Posts #4 On March 11 2016 20:54 Durnuu wrote:
SKT is first no matter what, so I guess they stopped caring.
Good for the B-teamers SKT is first no matter what, so I guess they stopped caring.Good for the B-teamers
And good for us! Gogo JAGW! And good for us! Gogo JAGW! Baguette lover | I recognize the might and wisdom of my Otherworldly overlord | Serral is overrated, NaNiwa would beat him | Lilbowjwa > Maru | Make SC2 great again, bring back the old Swarm Hosts | ROACH ROACH ROACH
seemsgood Profile Joined January 2016 3905 Posts #5 Zoun ? who is that ?
Elentos Profile Blog Joined February 2015 46197 Posts #6 On March 11 2016 20:57 seemsgood wrote:
Zoun ? who is that ?
He made his debut in Proleague last year on Prime. He was pretty much their best player in round 2 and after the round ended SKT picked him up immediately. He made his debut in Proleague last year on Prime. He was pretty much their best player in round 2 and after the round ended SKT picked him up immediately. Splyce flair now | Where is knowledge?
Musicus Profile Joined August 2011 Germany 22502 Posts #7 So yeah, JAGW would've have to lose 0:3 here and there is no way this happens. Should be 3:2 either way imo.
Playoffs here we come! Baguette lover | I recognize the might and wisdom of my Otherworldly overlord | Serral is overrated, NaNiwa would beat him | Lilbowjwa > Maru | Make SC2 great again, bring back the old Swarm Hosts | ROACH ROACH ROACH
Elentos Profile Blog Joined February 2015 46197 Posts #8 Also Bomber will actually get to play a game this time. Splyce flair now | Where is knowledge?
Charoisaur Profile Joined August 2014 Germany 11998 Posts #9 disappointing SKT lineup but Maru - INnoVation will be SICK INnoVation
OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #10 ZOUNGOD YES Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com
BeaTeR Profile Joined March 2003 Kazakhstan 4101 Posts #11 glad speed is playing
imre Profile Blog Joined November 2011 France 8972 Posts #12 SPEED HYPE Zest fanboy.
Silvana Profile Blog Joined September 2013 3713 Posts #13 SpeeD hypeee!!!!
Musicus Profile Joined August 2011 Germany 22502 Posts #14 Oh wow Forte is also playing, missed that! Will he get me some FPL points finally? Baguette lover | I recognize the might and wisdom of my Otherworldly overlord | Serral is overrated, NaNiwa would beat him | Lilbowjwa > Maru | Make SC2 great again, bring back the old Swarm Hosts | ROACH ROACH ROACH
Elentos Profile Blog Joined February 2015 46197 Posts #15 On March 11 2016 22:00 Musicus wrote:
Oh wow Forte is also playing, missed that! Will he get me some FPL points finally?
Bomber was always good at TvT, I'm kinda expecting him to win that. Bomber was always good at TvT, I'm kinda expecting him to win that. Splyce flair now | Where is knowledge?
IAmWithStupid Profile Blog Joined February 2013 Russian Federation 1012 Posts #16 Let's hope JAGW loses 3-1 and AFreecs win 3-1. These results will create a perfect 3 way ties and we will see more games! Or is it just a coin flip? Insert wise words here
Elentos Profile Blog Joined February 2015 46197 Posts Last Edited: 2016-03-11 13:28:38 #17 On March 11 2016 22:21 IAmWithStupid wrote:
Let's hope JAGW loses 3-1 and AFreecs win 3-1. These results will create a perfect 3 way ties and we will see more games! Or is it just a coin flip?
I think the tiebreaker rule was head-to-head record last year, but the 3 teams are tied in that aswell (Afreeca 3-0 Jin Air, Samsung 3-0 Afreeca, Jin Air 3-0 Samsung), so they might play extra games.
Although it could also be that in that scenario, Samsung advances because they won 1 additional map and Afreeca advances by winning head-to-head vs Jin Air. I think the tiebreaker rule was head-to-head record last year, but the 3 teams are tied in that aswell (Afreeca 3-0 Jin Air, Samsung 3-0 Afreeca, Jin Air 3-0 Samsung), so they might play extra games.Although it could also be that in that scenario, Samsung advances because they won 1 additional map and Afreeca advances by winning head-to-head vs Jin Air. Splyce flair now | Where is knowledge?
royalroadweed Profile Joined April 2013 United States 7695 Posts #18 It seems like SKT wants JAGW in the playoffs.
sa1Ko Profile Joined July 2015 Argentina 99 Posts #19 speedO !!!
Cricketer12 Profile Blog Joined May 2012 United States 12627 Posts #20 Elentos > Guitars confirmed. "What do the cars run on here, racism?" l SC2 Liquibet Season 17 Winner
1 2 3 Next All
Lauren Krugel, The Canadian Press
COLEMAN, Alta. -- A notorious 1922 police shooting in southwestern Alberta and the sensational trial that followed caused many to wonder whether enforcing alcohol prohibition was worth the trouble.
Alberta's move to outlaw drinking in 1916 was wildly unpopular in the Crowsnest Pass, a cluster of coal mining towns nestled in the Rocky Mountains not far from the B.C. boundary.
The area became a hotbed of bootlegging and rum running, with prominent businessman Emilio Picariello -- known also as "Emperor Pic" or the "Bottle King" --dominating the trade.
But on Sept. 21, 1922, Picariello got word that his son was wounded in a police stop. That led to a deadly confrontation outside the Alberta Provincial Police barracks in downtown Coleman hours later.
No one knows for sure whether Picariello or family friend Florence Lassandro fired the shot that killed Const. Stephen Lawson. Both were hanged the following spring -- Lassandro the only woman in Alberta to meet that fate.
"It gripped the nation," said Fred Bradley, a Crowsnest Pass heritage advocate. "It would have been the 1920s version of the O.J. Simpson trial."
With provinces plotting out how they will manage the regulation and distribution of recreational marijuana once it becomes legal this summer, history buffs see some parallels to the waning days of alcohol prohibition in Canada.
Every province had its own approach to battling booze in the early 20th century.
And, like the way the federal government has approached the legalization of cannabis, the rules for ending prohibition of alcohol were up to each province.
Booze flowed freely in British Columbia three years before Alberta, so rum running between the two provinces was rampant.
For many in Alberta, the Lawson shooting underscored how difficult and dangerous it was to police prohibition, Bradley said.
The province voted to repeal the policy six months after Picariello and Lassandro were executed. Booze sales were legal again in 1924.
Other provinces, too, grew weary of the corruption and violence that came with prohibition. Nearly a century later, the Liberal government has said one of the main goals of legalizing marijuana has been to take organized crime out of the picture.
"The end of prohibition was brought about because people began to recognize that the cure, as it were, was worse than the disease," said Vancouver historian Daniel Francis.
Prohibition had mostly ended in Canada by the end of the 1920s, but it lasted until 1933 in the United States.
That presented a lucrative window of opportunity to supply the U.S. market.
The distilling business founded by the now-prominent Bronfman family made a fortune. Fishermen in B.C. made good money transporting booze down the coast as a side business.
"They saw an opportunity to make a few bucks," said Francis. "Most of them were small-time businessmen. They weren't big crooks."
When prohibition ended in the Unites States, the low-level rum runners mostly got out of the illicit trade and went back to their law-abiding lives, said Francis.
"They had no regrets over what they'd done and no guilt that they had been engaging in criminal activity," he said. "They saw themselves as a public service satisfying a quite understandable public need."
Some of the kingpins, meanwhile, went on to deal in harder drugs like heroin or cocaine. And some people who served booze on the sly during prohibition became legit vendors at hotels and restaurants.
But Just because booze was legal didn't mean it was a free-for all, said Dan Malleck, an associate professor of health sciences at Ontario's Brock University who specializes in the history of drug and alcohol prohibition.
At Ontario outlets, there were no displays of products on offer. A customer had to fill out a form, line up at a counter and hand a passport-like booklet to a clerk, who would note each purchase.
Bottles were handed over concealed in brown paper bags.
It was no fun, but people put up with it.
"Most people were decent citizens who wanted to follow the rules," Malleck said.
There was a bit of a clean-up period while governments tried to nail down the right number of stores, product prices and authorized drinking locations.
Provinces will have to find a similar balance once pot is legal, Malleck said, and its effectiveness will depend on how easily consumers can get what they want the legal way.
"The black market always will exist," said Malleck.
"But after prohibition that black market in booze was a fraction of what it was."
The Portland Trail Blazers will be without center Jusuf Nurkic for at least two weeks after it was discovered he has a non-displaced fibular fracture in his right leg, the team announced Friday.
An MRI confirmed the fracture, Blazers president of basketball operations Neil Olshey said. It was unclear when the injury occurred.
Nurkic played 32 minutes in Thursday night's 117-107 victory over the Houston Rockets, recording 19 points, 11 rebounds and 3 blocks.
Since being traded to Portland in February, he is averaging 15.2 points, 10.4 rebounds, 3.2 assists and 1.9 blocks in 20 games.
The Blazers are 14-6 with Nurkic and currently hold the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference. They have a two-game lead over the Denver Nuggets, who lost to the Charlotte Hornets on Friday night.
In his 2007 State of the Union speech, right at the moment when the Democrats took over Congress, President Bush came out of the closet as a fiscal conservative. The laughter was still echoing on Monday night, when he ascended the podium for his last State of the Union speech.
Bush nevertheless braved ridicule by reiterating his newfound commitment to pork-free balanced budgets. Even if we take him at his word, nothing he has proposed can undo the damage he did in his first six years.
Bush's approach to earmarks, the centerpiece of his get-tough fiscal strategy, shows his lack of seriousness. He issued an executive order instructing agencies to ignore earmarks that do not appear in the legislative text, and he threatened to veto any spending bill that "does not cut the number and cost of earmarks in half."
But the order does not kick in until fiscal year 2009, so it does not affect any of this year's earmarks—11,737 items totaling $16.9 billion, by the administration's count. More than 90 percent of those earmarks do not have the force of law because they appear in committee reports or other documents outside the spending bills to which they were attached.
Once the executive order takes effect (and assuming the next president does not rescind it), Congress can readily evade it by including language in spending bills that makes earmarks listed in committee reports mandatory. Even without such maneuvers, agencies anxious to maintain good relations with the people who provide their budgets may decide to fund legislators' pet projects.
Like his executive order, the president's veto threat does not apply, even theoretically, until after October 1. Given Congress' usual tardiness in passing appropriations bills, which this year will be compounded by the presidential election, Bush may not have a chance to veto any.
The results of previous veto threats are not encouraging. The Heritage Foundation found that last year's omnibus spending bill exceeded Bush's supposedly nonnegotiable limit by $20 billion, relying on budget tricks to create the illusion of compliance.
Bush's belated, half-hearted attack on earmarks looks even more pathetic set against his fiscal performance when his party controlled the power of the purse. In the first six years of the Bush administration, during which the president did not see fit to veto a single appropriations bill, discretionary spending rose by an average of 5.3 percent a year in real terms, according to the Cato Institute's Stephen Slivinski, outpacing Lyndon Johnson's annual average of 4.6 percent. Budget surpluses turned into deficits, and federal spending as a share of gross domestic product, which fell to 18.4 percent under Bill Clinton, rose above 20 percent again.
Much of the new spending went to defense and homeland security, and anyone who considers the war in Iraq a mistake or looks at the details of how anti-terrorism money is spent would have to agree that a lot of it was wasted. Bush's "compassionate conservative" vision also featured higher outlays in other areas, including education spending, which has increased 18 percent a year since 2001.
The most conspicuous example of Bush's profligacy is the Medicare prescription drug benefit he championed and still cites with pride. Indeed, the worst thing about earmarks, which represent less than 1 percent of total federal spending, may be the way they're used in the logrolling that wins passage of budget-busting monstrosities like this one.
During its first decade, the drug benefit is expected to cost about $70 billion a year, four times all of this year's earmarks put together. Over the long term, it accounts for almost a quarter of Medicare's estimated $34 trillion shortfall.
In a statement issued before the State of the Union speech, the White House worried about "the unsustainable growth in spending for Medicare" and "Medicare's long-term unfunded liability." Given the president's record of fiscal recklessness, that's about as believable as a statement from Cookie Monster condemning gluttony.
© Copyright 2008 by Creators Syndicate Inc.
Download PDF Quick Facts Population: 2.2 million
GDP (PPP): $38.9 billion 2.2% growth 4.1% 5-year compound annual growth $17,828 per capita
Unemployment: 17.4%
Inflation (CPI): 3.3%
FDI Inflow: $400.6 million
Botswana's economic freedom score is 69.5, making its economy the 36th freest in the 2019 Index. Its overall score has decreased by 0.4 point, with declines in judicial effectiveness, government integrity, and fiscal health exceeding improvements in the scores for tax burden, labor freedom, and government spending. Botswana is ranked 3rd among 47 countries in the Sub-Saharan Africa region, and its overall score is above the regional and world averages. Through fiscal discipline and sound management, Botswana has transformed itself from one of the world's poorest countries to a middle-income country. Economic policy is guided by the government's efforts to diversify the economy away from dependence on the volatile mining sector and toward agriculture, services, and manufacturing. The regulatory environment encourages growth, and openness to foreign investment and trade promotes competitiveness and resilience. The independent judiciary provides strong protection of property rights. Read more about Botswana Economy. Close Background Sparsely populated Botswana has a land area larger than Spain and is dominated by the vast Kalahari Desert. The Botswana Democratic Party (BDP) has governed this multiparty democracy since independence from the United Kingdom in 1966. President Mokgweetsi Masisi took power in April 2018 after former President Ian Khama finished his second and final five-year term. In 2014, the BDP received less than 50 percent of the vote for the first time as opposition groups gained significant support from young and urban middle-class voters. Botswana has abundant diamond and other natural resources, a market-oriented economy, and one of Africa's highest sovereign credit ratings, and ecotourism in its extensive nature preserves is helping to diversify the economy.
Rule of LawView Methodology
Increases in Botswana's property rights and intellectual property rights scores caused its overall score in the Property Rights Alliance's 2017 International Property Rights Index to improve as well. Courts enforce commercial contracts. Botswana remains rated the African continent's least corrupt country, but there are almost no restrictions on the private business activities of public servants, and an increase in tender-related corruption has been reported.
Government SizeView Methodology
The top personal income tax rate is 25 percent, and the top corporate tax rate is 22 percent. Other taxes include property, inheritance, and value-added taxes. The overall tax burden equals 24.9 percent of total domestic income. Over the past three years, government spending has amounted to 33.7 percent of the country's output (GDP), and budget deficits have averaged 1.8 percent of GDP. Public debt is equivalent to 15.6 percent of GDP.
Regulatory EfficiencyView Methodology
The regulatory environment protects the overall freedom to establish and run a business relatively well. A one-stop shop for entrepreneurs is in place, and the process for business closings has become easy and straightforward. Employment regulations are relatively flexible. Maize, diesel, and petroleum are subject to price controls, and the government continues other subsidies through state-owned enterprises.
Open MarketsView Methodology
The combined value of exports and imports is equal to 97.1 percent of GDP. The average applied tariff rate is 0.6 percent. As of June 30, 2018, according to the WTO, Botswana had 21 nontariff measures in force. Foreign investment in some sectors is restricted. Generally adhering to global standards in the transparency of banking supervision, the financial sector provides considerable access to credit and has expanded.
There are several famous passages by Epicurean-influenced authors that indicate a profound sympathy for the feeling of animals. Consider:
Lucretius in Book II of De Rerum Natura: (“A calf, struck down before some god's august demesne, lies fallen near the incense-bearing altar, the warm blood flowing from his breast. His mother, bereft, wanders in search through upland green, distinguishes this cloven print from that one, surveys all regions, hoping for a glimpse of her lost young one, fills the leafy groves with plaintive lowing, comes to the stall again, at a standstill in her heartbreak. Osiers, grass dew-fresh, streams running level with their banks, can hold no charm for her, nor turn her mood away from sorrow.”)
Virgil in Book III of the Georgics: (“See, the ox falls smoking under the plow's weight. and spews blood mixed with foam from his mouth, and heaves his last groans. The plowman goes sadly to unyoke the bullock that grieves for its brother's death, and leaves the blade stuck fast in the middle of its work.”)
Diogenes Laertius: Epicurean Wise Man Saying: “The wise man will be fond of the countryside.” (not explicit as to animals, but I think similar in implication).
We also know that the expression of being “a hog of Epicurus' herd” seems to have been in vogue in ancient times (Horace). And we know that the Boscoreale cup portrays a piglet at Epicurus' feet, and of course we have the famous leaping pig statue from Herculaneum.
With these in mind, consider the Farm Sanctuary page, and view some of their videos — most of which are very touching. I wonder what the attitude of the ancient Epicureans was on the issue of proper treatment of farm animals. I tend to doubt that Epicurus was a vegetarian, but on the other hand it seems very likely that he would take a dim view of the “concentrated feeding” operations in use today, where the conditions in which the animals are kept are very difficult to see without averting one's eyes. (I am tempted to post one or more here, but let's reserve that for those who want to follow the links.) Those intensive feeding operations seem almost like “concentration camps” for animals — animals which, like pigs, are very intelligent and certainly sensitive enough to appreciate their conditions.
I frankly am not sure what I think the proper view of this issue should be under the principles of Epicurus. I am tempted to conclude that — just as with men — Nature demands that we take fully into account the natural life-spans of animals. If so, would that mean that it is Naturally appropriate to raise farm animals with the intent to kill and eat them, but only after they have lived a natural life span and would normally die anyway? Or is it acceptable to slaughter them after only a few happy years in the pasture, on the grounds that like men their years should be measured not in years but in happiness? Does it mean that using sheep for wool, chickens for eggs, and cows for milk is fine, but slaughtering cattle for meat at any age is wrong? What is the proper attitude toward our “Epicurean mascot” — the pig? They produce neither milk nor eggs, but they seem to grow so large that in adulthood they can hardly move. Is it appropriate to slaughter them by age, or by size, or not at all?
What do you think? Any comments are welcome! As I generally have comments turned off on this blog, please leave comments either on the Epicurus or the NewEpicurean facebook pages.
In closing, reconsider our Herculaneum leaping piglet, and compare him to the other photos in this post (from the FarmSanctuary page):
And let's apply the motto in the banner of this page:
Sic fac omnia tamquam spectet Epicurus! Thus do all things as though Epicurus were watching!
What would Epicurus say if he saw our modern intensive feeding and slaughterhouse operations?
Click here to take survey (this is a test for a new surveymonkey tool I am exploring)
(BIVN) – Tuesday was an important deadline in the Thirty Meter Telescope contested case hearing.
On May 30, participants had to finish their proposed Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, & Decision and Orders and deliver the document to the Hawaii state land board.
The documents are essentially the “final arguments” in the months-long quasi-judicial proceeding regarding the University of Hawaii's Conservation District Use Permit application for land near the summit of Mauna Kea, which – if granted – would allow UH to sublease the spot to the TMT observatory.
The issue of whether or not to build the Thirty Meter Telescope has deeply divided the island community. On Tuesday, both sides took to the streets to show their support for the participants in the extraordinarily lengthy contested case hearing.
In Hilo, TMT supporters gathered on the highway near the Walgreens, holding signs and waving to passing vehicles. The event was recorded by TMT and distributed to media.
“We'd like to thank all our supporters who stood by us throughout the hearings process,” said TMT executive director Ed Stone. “Everyone's voices were heard during the 44 days of hearings, and we are hopeful that a state permit will be issued to allow construction of TMT on Maunakea. Hawaii remains our first choice and we are still hopeful that TMT construction can begin by April 2018.”
In Waimea, supporters of those who stood on the mountain in 2016 in opposition to the project took
a place on Church Row.
Contested case participant E. Kalana Flores was among them. “As you can see,” Flores told Camille Keawekane-Stafford, who provided the video to BIVN. “Many of us haven't slept, haven't shaved, haven't done much in the past couple days other than typing at a computer.”
According to the Department of Land and Natural Resources website, June 13 is the deadline for responses to the proposed decisions and orders.
Over the last couple of weeks, I've spent a couple of fun days at the University of Plymouth being a dragon!
I probably need to explain …
The university's School of Computing, Communications and Electronics is extremely keen on making its graduates more employable. This is clearly very important and is obviously a response to employers who claim that many students graduate without any business skills whatsoever.
One step that it has taken is to build into some of their IT programmes a Dragon Den's style exercise to ensure that its students are aware of how business leaders think and what is important to them. It is a quick way for IT students to realise that business isn't very interested in processor speeds, memory size or storage capacity; but is really excited by profit and return on investment. The students have barely been in higher education for a month, so it was probably a baptism of fire, but Plymouth's approach is to start out the way they mean to go on.
The university managed to secure the support of a number of local business leaders to be the “dragons”. Some, such as myself, had a background in information technology, while others had a more varied background, including a representative from a private investor network of “business angels” (and hence a real dragon!)
The students were presented with a business scenario, which revolved around setting up an online booking service for local restaurants. The idea was that they had a couple of weeks to develop a business plan in teams of about 6-8 students, which they then had to pitch at us to secure £175K of seed money (which actually transpired to be a prize of 1Gb flash memory sticks for the winning participants, but, hey!)
We spent one day with them at the start of the process essentially being “nice”, providing them with consultancy advice about what they would need to consider and what would inspire us to part with £175K. We returned a couple of weeks later transformed into “dragons” ready to shred them to pieces. Each team had 30 minutes to pitch their ideas and plans; and to be grilled about their performance.
They performed very well, given their limited experience of IT, let alone business. The groups clearly had worked very hard over the intervening days and had taken the challenge seriously. It was interesting to see how the winning teams had really taken to heart the advice they had initially received and how they had transformed their raw ideas into some pretty good plans.
I'm sure the students benefitted. It is extremely important for young IT professionals to realise that technology is rarely deployed for its own sake. They may never have to pitch to potential investors, but few will escape never having had to bid for limited resources from a financial director during their careers.
From my perspective, it was also very useful to become acquainted with those who we might be employing in a few years time!
Image copyright Don Clark Image caption The woman is concealed from view behind an official, who beats back the Lagos crowd with a branch
Footage of a badly burnt woman being berated by a crowd in Nigeria has been watched hundreds of thousands of times on YouTube.
The film begins in a blur. An angry mob and a policewoman can just be made out, gathered in a circle on the dusty ground. As the camera finds its focus, the grim reality becomes clear. In the middle of the circle sits a woman, almost naked, her body bloodied and burnt.
The title of the video, "Flying Bird turn into old woman in Oshodi", doesn't appear to explain the disturbing scene, but its description, and a local news article, combine to create an unusual narrative. Eyewitnesses quoted by the newspaper say a black bird had been flying in the sky over Oshodi, in Lagos, before striking an electrical cable, falling to earth and transforming into a woman. The same eyewitnesses say she confessed to being a witch.
The video, uploaded to YouTube on October 10, has been watched more than 215,000 times, and the figure is still growing fast. Similar videos of the distressed woman, shot by other members of the crowd, have also gained tens of thousands of views. Much of the reaction online suggests many believe the theory, and the film has even been the subject of comedy spin-offs on YouTube. But much express anger and concern as well: "This is truly barbaric," reads one, and "it is a cover up [for] murder," says another. The woman in the video died shortly after it was shot, as police took her to hospital.
Banke Idowu was one of those who filmed a video of the woman. She tells BBC Trending that as she arrived, she was told about the metamorphosis by others in the crowd. She herself believes the explanation of witchcraft. "I've never seen it in real life, but I've heard about it and seen it in films, so when they said it happened, I believed it." Asked if she failed in her duty to protect the woman, Idowu says that in stepping in, she would have been putting her own life at risk. "Some people may think you belong to the same cult, and they may end up attacking you."
Adeola Fayehun, Idowu's friend who is based in New York, heard what was happening on Twitter - showing how quickly news of the incident spread on social media. She later uploaded Idowu's footage to YouTube.
Kenneth Nwosu, a police spokesperson, is unable to shed light on the events preceding the video. "We got a call that the mob was surrounding a woman at a bus stop. The priority was to save her life," he says. In the film an official can be seen beating the crowd back with a branch. The police took the woman to hospital, but say she died on route. Nwosu says an autopsy will be performed to establish the cause of death. As yet, she remains unidentified, and no arrests have been made.
Accusations of witchcraft remain common in this part of the world says Hermione Harris, a social anthropologist at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. "In a secular society like ours it's very hard to grasp a belief in supernatural forces." But the notion of witches and wizards is embedded in a form of Pentecostal Christianity that is popular in Nigeria, she explains.
In New York, Fayehun is hopeful that the exposure the film has received on social media will start to change the way people behave in future. Whatever the crowd believed had happened to the woman, they still had a responsibility to help her, she says. "Now the video is out there, the people who were involved will start to rethink their decisions in situations like this."
Reporting by Charlotte McDonald, Mukul Devichand and Sam Judah
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending
All our stories are at bbc.com/trending
“The things you own end up owning you.”
-Tyler Durden, Fight Club
Did you know that the average home size in the US has more than doubled in recent years? According to the National Association of Home Builders, the average new home was only 983 square feet in 1950 – compared with 2,349 square feet in 2004! And yet we *still* often have trouble stuffing everything we own into our houses. With all that extra space, it's getting harder than ever to organize everything we own as well. Our culture has embraced bigger is better, more is better.
Recently though, there's been a backlash. You've probably seen it as well: simplifying away from the inconsequential many – and getting back to the important few. Have you also felt the need to get back to what really matters? Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by the task of organizing – and decluttering – all the stuff you own?
Imagine working in a clean, organized work environment where you can find things easily – and have clear space to get what you need done. I've found that knowing where everything is, and keeping my home and work space free from clutter helps me concentrate better and be more productive.
This article is broken into 3 parts:
Let's begin!
Part 1: How To Declutter and Organize Your Home
Vanity Fair's Ken Stern reports on his weeklong exercise in reading only conservative news sites, Breitbart News in particular. Stern grudgingly acknowledges Breitbart's success in shaping the populist movement from which Donald Trump benefitted, and he suggests that the left needs “an effective counterweight in media to the Breitbarts of the world.”
From Vanity Fair:
I have learned a few things over the last few weeks. In general, it seems like the Democrats have become so fascinated with the demographics of 2050 that they have forgotten the demographics of 2016. Whites with less than a college degree are still a potent group in this country. Limbaugh, Levin, Breitbart, Hannity, and others—not to mention Trump—have not forgotten this fact.
In this day and age, connecting with that audience begins not with the candidate but with the media. Breitbart did not succeed because of Trump; Trump succeeded because of Breitbart, and there is no analogous media organization from the left that connects with this audience. Rachel Maddow likely isn't playing as well in Youngstown, Ohio; Paul Krugman is probably not performing in Pikeville, Kentucky.
Limbaugh, Levin, Breitbart and the rest are a success because they have perfected how to channel and drive both the resentment and the aspiration of their audience. As Trump proved this year, it is more about attitude and a sense of being on the same team as it is about policies and ideas. In the days of labor unions, Democrats knew how to connect with the working-class audience, but that connection has been co-opted by others. In fact, most of the things that Trump spoke about this week on YouTube—trade, job creation, and ethics reform—were Democratic issues long before they were Trump's issues.
The events of the last month make clear that progressives need an effective counterweight in media to the Breitbarts of the world. Right now, the counterpunching is entirely around trying to discredit conservative, alt-right media. That may be fine for today but in the long run, the left wing will need to find its own voices of passion, authenticity, and, apparently, a certain amount of outrage. If you don't believe me, you can search it out for yourself, Snowflake.
Read the rest here.
A fifth-grade student in New York who wanted to deliver a speech for marriage equality had his opportunity censored, but later reinstated at a different session due to immediate backlash, US media organisations report.
Kameron Slade, a student at a local school in Queens won a school-wide competition to deliver a speech, but upon discovering that his topic was marriage between same-sex couples, his principal threatened to remove him from the contest if he did not change the topic.
His speech, since released by the websites NY1 and Think Progress, has gone viral. In it, he says:
Some people are for same-gender marriage, while others are against it. Like President Obama, I believe that all people should have the right to marry whoever they want. Marriage is about love, support, and commitment. So who are we to judge? If we judge people like this, this is a form of prejudice. We must learn to accept all differences.[…] My mom is very open to me about same-gender marriage. However, some adults may feel uncomfortable and think it's inappropriate to talk about this to children. I think adults must realize that as children get older, they become aware of these mature issues that are going on in the world. If children read or watch the news, they can learn about things like same-gender marriage, so what's the point in trying to hide it? In conclusion, I hope that everyone understands how important it is to respect everyone for who they are. Same-gender marriage is becoming more popular. I believe that same-gender marriage should be accepted worldwide and that parents and teachers should start to discuss these issues without shame to their children.
His mother reportedly told NY1 that she was ‘really upset' by the principal's decision, adding: “[Equal marriage] is on the news… It's a part of our lives now. They need to open up. The New York City Department of Education need to open up.”
The young student instead spoke on animal cruelty.
However, reports just coming in suggest that Kameron will be allowed to speak on the topic after all, to a special assembly of fellow fifth-graders this Monday. The decision was made by Schools Chancellor Dennis Walcott, who has also told reporters that the principal in question will send out a memo to the parents of the fifth graders to inform them of the contents of the speech.
This however has been deemed discriminatory by New York City Council Member, Daniel Dromm, who called the principal's decision ‘a lesson in hate.' He also added: “Separate but equal does not work.”
Sport is big business in the United States. The National Football League is the most lucrative sports league in the world, with an average team value of $1.17 billion. Out of all teams in the league, the Dallas Cowboys are the wealthiest – Forbes values the Texas outfit at a whopping $2.3 billion.Major League Baseball comes second with an average team value of $744 million. The New York Yankees are level with the Dallas Cowboys in the value stakes with $2.3 billion. The National Basketball Association rounds off the top three. The New York Knicks are the NBA's most valuable team with $1.1 billion while the average team value across the league stands at $509 million.These figures are some distance ahead of Major League Soccer where the average team value is just $37 million. The Seattle Sounders are the wealthiest outfit in the MLS, valued at $175 million.
Until three decades ago, the area around the River Chambal in India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh was inhabited by gun-brandishing, horse-riding gangs of bandits who claimed the badlands as their undisputed territory. Today, the area is better known for having one of India's most unpolluted rivers and a rich, unique range of avian life protected by the National Chambal Sanctuary, set up in 1978. (The gangs' leaders, meanwhile – as the joke goes – have been co-opted into the system as members of Parliament).
The Chambal, a large tributary of the River Yamuna, is virgin territory for most travellers; some of its purity, of course, stems from its seclusion. To access this region, visitors must drive 70km southeast of Agra to the hamlet of Jarar. The tiny town is home to the Chambal Safari Lodge, the area's only resort offering organised safaris and expeditions.
The drive itself, however, is part of the experience. The fertile Uttar Pradesh countryside is packed with paddy, wheat, sugarcane and mustard fields and dotted with villages that prosper from farming and dairy. It brings to mind the quintessential landscape of Brajbhoomi, the mythical land of Krishna, the eighth incarnation of Hindu Lord Vishnu.
Abruptly, the wicked wilderness of the Chambal Sanctuary appears, with desolate tracts of scrubby alluvial plateaus criss-crossed by deep gullies and ravines. Apart from a single driveable road, there is not a shop, house, or sign of life anywhere.
From the Chambal Safari Lodge, originally a row of stables and two-storey bungalow that served as a field camp for a biannual cattle fair, travellers easily can explore the area – whether by boat, jeep, horse or even camel safari. While some guests take their own vehicles, it's advisable to hire one of the resort's well-informed naturalists as a guide.
Boat safaris down the Chambal mesmerise animal-lovers with glimpses of rare species. The endangered gharial – fish-eating crocodiles characterised by their long noses – sun themselves on the mud flats, their bulbous noses protruding in the air. Scarcer – perhaps fortunately so – are the larger, more menacing marsh crocodiles; they can easily overturn a boat with a lash of a tail. (Luckily, the river is wide enough for boats to keep a safe distance). Turtles plop in and out of the water; occasionally, the dorsal fin of a Ganges river dolphin flashes. The famous blind inhabitant of north India and Pakistan's rivers and tributaries, the dolphin is so quick and agile that catching one on camera challenges even the quickest of photographers. For birders, the Chambal's more than 200 bird species include the river tern, the skimmer and the sarus crane: the world's tallest flying bird and indigenous to the wetlands of India.
On land, meanwhile, blackbucks and other smaller mammals such as jackals, foxes and hares are common. Domesticated camels are too, especially as they're used by villagers as transport. Lodge-organised camel safaris go across the river to the ruins of Fort Ater, a 17th-century bastion built by royal chief Badan Singh Judeo that witnessed many skirmishes between the Mughal, Rajput and Maratha clans.
In the nearby town of Bateshwar, 7km northwest of the Chambal Safari Lodge, there are more than 100 temples dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva. Standing in a serene row along the Yamuna river bank, a few have interior frescoes, fascinating for the extent of their Islamic influence.
The architecture of each temple differs, reflecting domes and arches typical of various regions of India: the flattened dome of Bengalese architecture stands next to a typical Islamic dome and a pointed Hindu temple spire. Bateshwar is also famous for its annual cattle fair, one of India's largest, expected to take place in the first week of November 2014.
Today's Chambal may be far from an untamed region of skirmishing gangs and territorial disputes. But with its ecological diversity and cultural gems protected, it remains wild – in the best, and most sustainable, of ways.
England and Australia could be among the teams to benefit from the vastly increased prize money in women's cricket
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has announced a five-fold increase in prize money for global women's competitions from 2016 to 2023.
The ICC board said the increase recognised the "improved standard and professionalism in women's cricket".
Teams will compete for total prize money of $4.4m (£2.9m) during the period, including a pool of $1m (£656,000) for the World Cup in 2017.
The ICC has also increased the prize money on offer in the men's game.
Among the increases, the board has doubled prize money to $1m for sides that top the ICC Test Championship table each year at the cut-off date of 1 April.
It means the total prize money for the top-ranked Test sides and for men's and women's ICC events from 2016-2023 will be $65m (£42.6m), which the ICC said was a 41% increase on the last eight-year cycle.
The governing body has also announced that it will send director Giles Clarke - the former chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board - and chief executive David Richardson to meet with the International Olympic Committee next month.
Cricket has not been played at the Olympics since 1900 but earlier this year the MCC called for the T20 form of the game to become an Olympic sport.
Here are several Nikon D750 reviews around the web with plenty of sample movies. In this post you can also find several video coverage for the new Nikon D750 full frame DSLR camera.
First Nikon D750 reviews are from Ken Rockwell, Tech Radar, PhotographyBlog and Ross Harvey. See other sites mentions the D750 and their conclusions below. A high ISO comparison of Nikon D750 vs D800 can be seen at lumenatic.com.
The Nikon D750 body-only price is for $2299.95 and with the AF-S Nikkor 24-120mm f/4 VR lens kit is selling for $3,239.96. See the official announcement, first look videos, sample images and users manual.
Nikon D750 Reviews Roundup with Several Samples
Nikon D750 sits between the D610 and D810 in the company's lineup and features a newly designed 24.3 megapixel FX-format sensor, a 51-point AF system, a burst rate of up to 6.5 fps, ISO range of 100–12800, and Full HD movie recording at 1080/60p combined with a vari-angle LCD monitor.
Nikon D750 reviews from Ross Harvey :
“I've found my new wedding camera. My high hopes were exceeded, and that was using a £460 lens. The next wedding I'll be back on the 1.4G primes and 24-70 for the dance floor, and I'll use two D750s throughout. My two trusty D3s' will come along as backup (never thought I'd hear myself say that). To create a camera so small with such an incredible sensor and autofocus system that not only offers great dynamic range and quality at higher ISOs, but also focuses in darker conditions, will be absolutely invaluable to countless photographers. Myself included. I am genuinely delighted at how capable this tiny camera is.”
From EOSHD review:
“I'm impressed with the ease of which I am able to get accurate colour out of the D750. You don't need to master S-LOG. The Nikon colour science delivers very well out of the box with the supplied ‘flat' image profile. I'm also impressed with resolution in 1080/60p, it's almost as good as the A7S does in 1080/24p – and after a little post – as similar as makes no difference.”
Shaun Baker posted a Nikon D750 reviews :
“So a lot of people are asking me where this camera fits in the Nikon FX line up? My answer is simple. IF you are in the market for a new DLSR, do NOT buy the D610. Get the D750. If, for some reason you truly believe you NEED a D810 then go for it. BUT it's $1,000 more for not that much more of a camera. Actually, less. There is no tilt screen, and no built-in wifi. The D810 is awesome, don't get me wrong. Only you know what you are shooting and what tools you need to best get the job done. For most, the best tool is the D750. I am actually considering selling the D4 and getting a second D750. It's that good!”
From PhotographyBlog Conclusion :
In summary, the new D750 is an excellent addition to Nikon's ever-expanding full-frame line-up. It isn't a true successor to the 6-year-old D700, or just a cheaper, less well-specified version of the D810 – instead, the D750 is a compelling camera in its own right that actually out-performs the D810 in some areas.
Focus-numerique.com tested the high ISO of Nikon D750
Nikon D750 low light video test at ISO 1000 at 60fps, played back at 25fps.
Nikon D750 Price and Availability
The Nikon D750 body-only price is for $2299.95. The D750 with the AF-S Nikkor 24-120mm f/4 VR lens price will be $3,239.96. A dedicated MB-D16 battery grip is available for $485.
Ban The Buckeye For Being Bisexual? We Now Have Hoaxed No. 3
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jamie Sabau/Getty Images Jamie Sabau/Getty Images
Heard about the letter to the editor of a newspaper in Ohio demanding that the state find another tree to serve at its symbol because buckeyes are bisexual? It's starting to get some attention on the Web.
Well, it's a real letter to The Courier in Findlay.
But it's also our third hoax in as many blogging weekdays — or in this case, more accurately, a piece of social satire.
We just got off the phone with 67-year-old Jim Flechtner of Findlay, who acknowledges having "something of a local reputation" for his satirical notes to the newspaper.
"I quite often write letters on the issues of religion, evolution and homosexuality," he told us.
In this case, Flechtner was riffing off an item he'd seen in the Courier that said "the Ohio buckeye, Aesculus glabra, bears flowers with both male and female organs on the same tree. It is a monoecious species."
"The buckeye is our state tree and most of us gladly wear the nickname, 'buckeyes,' " Flechtner wrote in his note. "But it is shameful and unacceptable that a bisexual tree should represent us! We are flaunting the Holy Bible! "I urge everyone to contact their state representative and demand legislation removing the buckeye as our state tree and condemning the use of the term 'buckeye' as a nickname for residents of Ohio. "Does anyone know if carnations are bisexual?"
The red carnation is Ohio's state flower.
The letter was published June 6, and didn't get much local reaction, Flechtner says. One subsequent letter to the editor "took it seriously. The other three were not quite so sure."
Then, today, Deadspin picked up on it — and wondered if Flechtner might be serious. Shortly after its post, the story got picked up by other sites and blogs that didn't wonder. They assumed he was serious. Huffington Post has weighed its words carefully — signalling it thinks Flechtner was being satirical, but leaving open the possibility that he wasn't.
We were the third news outlet to actually call Flechtner to ask about the letter. He seems bemused and pleased that it's now getting some reaction. Retired form the state Department of Job and Family Services ("welfare," Flechtner says with tongue firmly in cheek), he's got some time to spend talking to reporters if they call.
But he's also got some more satire to compose. Flechtner say's he'll be at it again soon. "I enjoy every time I get responses to my letters," he said. "I'll have more."
Oh, and as for those other hoaxes (we did say you should watch for a third):
-- 'Kindness In America' Memoir Writer Shot Himself.
-- 'Forest Boy' Is A Hoax, Police Say.
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The tipping point had been coming for some time.
When it arrived, Rory Pitman happened to be playing for Ebbw Vale against Bargoed in the Principality Premiership on a rainy night at Eugene Cross Park.
The Blaenau Gwent club had been his bolt-hole after a drawn out deparature from the Scarlets which became acrimonious and drained his enthusiasm for the sport. But as things transpired there was to be no safe sanctuary with the Steelmen.
Pitman – already questioning whether the semi-professional tier could ever offer him a way back – ruptured ligaments in his knee during the second half and hobbled off to an empty dressing room to contemplate another blow to his self-esteem.
He was so distraught he couldn't bear to stay for the medical attention he really should have received. Instead, he got in his car in agony and drove himself home to Bridgend.
A couple of days later Pitman thanked Vale officials for giving him an opportunity, but informed them that he would not be returning.
He didn't know it at the time, but ahead of him lay months of relative inactivity during which he would question his purpose in life never mind consider quitting rugby completely.
It wasn't until he ‘just clicked' with a psychologist who he had gone to for help at his lowest ebb that Pitman began to emerge from the mental trough he says crept up on him when rugby was no longer there.
And that was after a painfully circuitous quest to find therapy that matched his needs, a quest that went via other psychologists he couldn't relate to, hypnotherapy sessions and even visits to a wellbeing and detox retreat which he visited for three days on the pretence that he was going for talks with a potential new club.
“I would wake up in the morning, take my my little boy to nursery then go home and go back to bed, I didn't want to get up in the first place,” said the 27-year-old.
“I would wake up at about one o'clock and then when my partner came home from work I'd lie, telling her about all the things I'd supposedly done like go to the gym, meet so-and-so for coffee, go for a walk.
“To be honest, I didn't know what to do with myself, everything I was doing just seemed like a vicious circle.
“My wife and my mam and dad would ask me if I was OK, I'd say yes, I'd nod, they would nod, but deep down I knew I wasn't right. I had questions in my head like ‘what are you doing, and what are you going to do?'”
Pitman's willingness to open up about his demons comes at a time when cathartic revelations about battles with depression among public figures are increasing.
How many others are also suffering?
Figures from the world of sport, with its often macho backdrop, have led the way in an encouraging surge towards greater enlightenment and the erosion of social ignorance and stigma.
Pitman does not want sympathy. He certainly doesn't want to be viewed as a special case because if the last two years have taught him anything it is how widespread mental health issues are in professional rugby.
He acknowledges that far more influential figures than him began the process of tackling an illness that has been largely misunderstood for so long.
But he also knows he is in a position to contribute to the fight against what many see as the scourge of our time.
And he knows this because of the response he has received in the last few weeks to an interview he gave on the subject just a couple of weeks ago which barely scratched the surface of what he has been through.
Despite the brevity of the ensuing article, Pitman received messages from fellow players, from friends and acquaintances, and even from soldiers scarred by battlefield experiences. All wanted to know more about his story, about what support is out there, and to express their appreciation to him for going public.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
While grateful, such messages have led to Pitman having concerns about the scale of the mental health problem that may lurk beneath the surface of the Welsh game, and whether there are sufficient structures in place to provide respite to players who may be ambushed in the same way he was.
“I have felt a bit like an agony aunt with the number of people who have contacted me,” said the former Rotherham and Wasps player, who is now reinventing himself in the English Championship with Jersey.
“I have had Welsh players come onto me who feel so low they don't want to play anymore whether It's because they are worried about their form, a bad injury or something totally separate.
“But if me talking about what I've gone through helps others and raises awareness then that's all I want, it really is.
“I do not think there is the support there should be for professional sports people. Never once in my career has a mental health expert or a charity representative come to the club and spelled out what help is available for those who need it.
“I know from experience that if you don't know where the outlets are then it just builds up. You just go on the piss, you think you can eat what you like...that's the vicious circle.
“My advice to anyone now who is struggling mentally is to confront it, and by that I mean tell a loved one first, and then if needs be sought professional help. Don't just hope it will all go away.”
Pitman's story is a lesson in what can happen to young men earning a living in an environment capable of making them feel 10ft tall one weekend and yesterday's man the next.
It is difficult not to conclude he underestimated the lasting effects of his strained departure from the Scarlets at the end of the season before last.
Ironically, having joined the Region at the same time as Kiwi coach Wayne Pivac, he made a hugely encouraging start.
On his Guinness PRO12 debut against Ulster he scored two tries and was man of the match. Several more barnstorming performances followed which featured eye-catching displays from No.8 in which he proved himself a menacing gain-line merchant among top notch company.
Pitman even worked his way onto Warren Gatland's radar, getting invites to the Wales camp to have his fitness monitored and take a part in training sessions.
But the atmosphere soured as factions emerged in the Scarlets dressing room. He was eventually made to train separately from the first team squad and ended up leaving under the blackest of clouds.
“When you have been in an environment like that since you were 17, you train and play with the same boys every day, you go away every other weekend and stay in hotels with them, you eat with them, you get to know all their problems, you get to know their families, they become your life,” said Pitman.
“When that is suddenly taken away you wonder what there is left. When the Scarlets finished, I used to look for things to do during the day but then when I was doing them I'd have something in my head saying ‘this has no relevance'. I used to ask myself: ‘Who am I now?'
“Every day I used to envisage a happiness meter, a quantity of happiness that I had stored for that particular day. What I mean is, up to a point, I could put on a front. It would be smiled, smile, smile, smile...and then I was done, I'd shut down.
“When the happiness ran out I didn't want to know anyone. I would bite people's heads off over the slightest things, I'd take things my friends said the wrong way and get into stupid arguments. If someone started talking about rugby that was the worst thing. More often than not I'd have a right go at them.”
(Image: Huw Evans Agency)
Pitman coached his old club Tata Steel two nights a week after walking away from Ebbw Vale following his Scarlets nightmare.
In a quandary about his future, he stopped playing, put on a shirt and tie and tried his hand at helping out a friend who owns a bar in Swansea with promotional activity.
Then he went to work for a recruitment business as he redoubled his efforts to forge a new career away from the game. But he found himself slowly being destroyed inside by a feeling that he simply didn't belong anywhere other than the world of rugby.
Every time he went to meet clients he fell into the same verbal exchange: “Who are you playing for now then? Oh, you're not playing...why not?”
It meant not only could he not escape from the nagging feeling that he should still have been playing but also that people couldn't accept him as anything else.
Seeking professional help
When Pitman found salvation with his psychologist, who he still speaks to regularly by phone, he was taken aback to learn footballers, boxers, athletes, cricketers were all patients at the same establishment, but that barely any rugby players had ever been in touch.
When the sessions began, Pitman explained how he felt at the beginning of his spiral, how he was feeling right at that moment and what his hopes for the future were.
Gradually a new perspective emerged that centred around a focus on future goals, the avoidance of potentially destructive behaviours and the realisation that opportunity still existed in abundance, so long as he put himself in a position to take it.
He believes anything he achieves during the remaining years he has in the game he will appreciate and respect in a way he might not always have done previously.
“The psychologist didn't know me from Adam but that was the best thing,” Pitman explained.
“But we got off to a good start. Everyone who knows me knows that I am a real coffee lover and when I went into his room for the first time he brought out this delicious perculated coffee.
“It was a little thing but it sort of helped put me at ease and I realised we would hit it off.
“He showed me videos of myself playing at the top level and told me I could do it again.
“He set me little targets, like being in bed by a certain time, not drinking on a certain weekend and doing a gym session on a given day.
“I slowly began getting back to the things I needed to do to be a professional rugby player again and getting rid of the bad habits.
“I'd do a gym session then couldn't wait to ring him to tell him. He made me start to feel good about myself again.
“Sometimes he will ring me and ask me what I have had for lunch. Stuff like that is so reassuring because you know he does actually care.
"I've a friend too, John Paul, who has been a tower of strength by ringing me non-stop, asking how I am, what I've been eating."
Pitman is unsure how to precisely classify his condition, pointing out that he finds depression a difficult illness to specifically define.
Yet pinning a tag to it is not at the top of his priorities now.
What matters more is that he is rebuilding in Jersey, he is happy again, he has goals, he feels his life has purpose once more.
“When I first got the approach from them I straight away thought ‘no way',” he admitted.
“Then I spoke to people I respected and realised that they are not only a very good set up but that this was what I needed to get me out of my comfort zone.
“Being out of Wales has been so good for me and I am really enjoying it.
“I want to make a big impression in the first five or six games and then see what happens. I know I can still play in the Guinness PRO14 or the Aviva Premiership.”
That much Pitman proved during his time at the Scarlets. From where he was in his darkest days returning there would represent one hell of a journey.
You sense he's through the hardest part now though. The hardest part by some distance.
VICTORIA — When the B.C. Liberals pre-emptively fired the Vancouver School Board two weeks ago, they held back a government-ordered audit of the troubled district because of an outstanding concern about privacy.
That audit was finally released Friday, after being cleared for publication with two minor alterations in the contents.
The evidence indicates the Liberals drew up the order to fire the board before reading the three-part report from former deputy minister of finance Peter Milburn and a team of auditors from Ernst and Young.
Still, the more than 300 pages of findings go a long way to show how the VSB has been an outlier — an outcast even — among the province's 60 school districts.
For starters, the VSB funds and maintains 30 per cent more school space per student than comparable districts like Surrey, Burnaby and Coquitlam. Yet the best evidence indicates Vancouver “enrolment will be almost flat for the next 15 years.”
District staff have sometimes drawn up plans to close under-utilized schools. But year after year, the elected trustees have postponed the reckoning, with all that entails in terms of unnecessary overhead, staffing and other costs.
By refusing to mothball schools, the board added to the backlog of deferred maintenance ($54 million and counting) and eliminated using unneeded facilities as stand-ins for buildings getting seismic upgrades.
Surplus buildings could be leased out for other uses, shoring up the district revenue stream. But as the auditors also found, the VSB approach to managing its real estate borders on the fiscally perverse.
“The VSB has the potential to raise substantial income from their portfolio of properties,” says the report. “However, the board has made decisions that limit the value they can obtain, including rules for the sale of school assets and restrictions on leasing properties below market rates.”
Exhibit A being the Kingsgate Mall, which is on land the VSB owns. If properly marketed, the auditors reckon it could improve the district bottom line by $120 million over time.
Labour costs are another area where the VSB stands alone. It has some 13 separate collective agreements, encumbered with greater complexity and more constrains than any other school districts in the province.
Some provisions mandate staffing levels based on the square footage of a given facility, others set “minimum staffing levels that must be maintained whether the staff are required or not.”
The report cites a CUPE contract that obliges the district to maintain a full-time staff of 101, even though 30 aren't required for half the year. Consequently, when it comes to layoffs, the district has to let go teachers before custodians.
In a comparative study commissioned by the VSB itself, all those inefficiencies and redundancies in the Vancouver contracts were reckoned to cost the district $25 million a year above and beyond what comparable districts like Burnaby, Surrey, Central Okanagan and Coquitlam were shelling out.
But those provisions, many of them dating back to the 1990s, can't be renegotiated until contracts expire in 2019.
The audit also sheds light on the stresses between the elected trustees and senior management, albeit while cautioning not to draw conclusions about the pending investigation by WorkSafe B.C. into allegations of a toxic atmosphere at the VSB.
Some activist Vancouver trustees are looking over the shoulders of board managers on a day-to-day and even hour-to-hour basis.
“This level of engagement by trustees into operations at the VSB is uncommon among comparable school districts,” say the auditors. “This approach is interfering with management's ability to effectively run and operate the organization. It is also causing an unsustainable amount of stress on members of VSB management.”
Those stresses are likely compounded by the unusual array of board subcommittees, exploited by activist trustees to muster support from stakeholders.
“The majority of the time at the subcommittee meetings is spent receiving stakeholder input,” according to the audit. “The information received is not representative of the public at large, is often repetitive, and at times appears heavily scripted to support entrenched views of various trustees to help them in their advocacy.”
In short: “Subcommittee work is dominated by trustees' efforts to advocate for political agendas instead of helping collect important information to support VSB decisions.” Which is not the case in less-politicized districts.
Nevertheless senior managers in Vancouver dare expect to attend these endless rounds of partisan tub-thumping. “VSB management spent over half of the weekday evenings in meetings with the board of trustees between Feb. 1 and June 30,” says the audit. ”This adds up to 180 hours of evening time.”
After that ordeal, would it be any wonder if some managers thought of booking off sick?
Overall, says the report, school trustees can be divided into stewards and advocates. Stewards believe their main duty is “making tough decisions that are required for the financial wellbeing of the district.” Advocates are mainly concerned with “pressuring the province for more funding.”
Both pursuits are important to the system. But ultimately, education funding is determined at provincial government level, not by local school boards.
So when crunch time rolls around, the stewards get on with making the tough decisions and deliver a balanced budget as required by law. Which is what happens every year in pretty much every school district.
But not this year in Vancouver. Instead, in a triumph of advocacy over stewardship, the trustees refused to balance the budget, thereby signalling they would rather be fired.
vpalmer@postmedia.com
You'll be thrilled to know that despite economic uncertainty and panic over the failed bailout, San Francisco's infamous Folsom Street Fair went off over the weekend without a hitch. Or rather, with plenty of hitches. And the whitewashers at the San Francisco Chronicle lapped it all up:
S.F. kinky naked romp a spanking success
They held the world's biggest celebration of leather, bondage and sexual fetish in San Francisco on Sunday, and due to the event's interactive nature, many people are now walking gingerly.
“Enough is enough,” said Lowell Clark, pulling up his blue jeans after emerging from one of dozens of spanking booths at the 25th Folsom Street Fair.
Clark, a 30-year-old San Francisco waiter, conceded he was a novice at the booths, where men and women in search of stimulation were struck with whips, paddles or bare hands. Clark was last spanked at the age of 6 at the hands of his mother in Oklahoma. A stolen pack of chewing gum was involved.
“I still don't think I'll steal anything,” Clark said. Still, he called the spanking a “stinging pleasure” that he would try “maybe once a year.”
It was just another scene from the city's most unabashed bash – a public display of all things kinky that covered 13 blocks in the South of Market neighborhood and drew hundreds of thousands of people, many of them not wearing leather in key places.
There were naked people selling bondage gear and naked people seeking support for measures on the Nov. 4 ballot. There were naked people with cameras, taking pictures of other naked people.
One man wore only an 11-foot Burmese albino python, which curled around his waist. The arrangement seemed risky.
The fair is fun but also important, said Al Waddell, a 58-year-old entrepreneur from Oregon whose Paddle Daddy flogging implements were available in mahogany, hickory and walnut.
“It brings kink out of the closet,” he said as he tried to coax visitors a step further – onto his $645 leather sex sling, complete with metal frame and stirrups.
Susan Sarandon slammed Woody Allen at the Cannes Film Festival on Sunday.
“I think he sexually assaulted a child and I don't think that's right,” Sarandon said during Variety and Kering's Women in Motion talk with Geena Davis.
“I have nothing good to say about him,” she added. “I don't want to go there.”
Allen is back in the headlines this week. At the Cannes premiere of new film, “Cafe Society,” comedian Laurent Lafitte made a rape joke involving director Roman Polanski that seemed to reference allegations that Allen sexually abused his step-daughter, Dylan Farrow.
That wasn't the only reason Allen has been dominating the talk at Cannes. The director's son, Ronan Farrow, penned a blistering opinion piece prior to “Cafe Society's” debut, criticizing the media for not doing more digging into the allegations of abuse.
Sarandon and Davis also discussed the dearth of strong roles for women in studio films and the lack of directing opportunities for women. The actresses, who memorably collaborated on 1991's “Thelma & Louise,” said that pundits initially predicted that the film would spur a new wave of projects about female friendship. But that never happened.
“The movie made a lot of money and that didn't happen,” said Sarandon.
Davis expressed hope that things could improve. She noted that making movies more equitable is easier than increasing the number of women in boardrooms, congress, or other institutions.
“The thing about film is it can change overnight,” said Davis. “The next film somebody makes can be gender balanced.”
On March 25, security researcher Kevin Beaumont discovered something very unfortunate on Docs.com, Microsoft's free document-sharing site tied to the company's Office 365 service: its homepage had a search bar. That in itself would not have been a problem if Office 2016 and Office 365 users were aware that the documents they were posting were being shared publicly.
Unfortunately, hundreds of them weren't. As described in a Microsoft support document, "with Docs.com, you can create an online portfolio of your expertise, discover, download, or bookmark works from other authors, and build your brand with built-in SEO, analytics, and email and social sharing." But many users used Docs.com to either share documents within their organizations or to pass them to people outside their organizations—unaware that the data was being indexed by search engines.
You can probably see where I'm going with this and https://t.co/3TC07CB8gE. pic.twitter.com/zCJAcNNx3a — Kevin Beaumont (@GossiTheDog) March 25, 2017
Within a few hours, Beaumont, a number of other researchers, and Ars found a significant number of documents shared with sensitive information in them—some of them discoverable by just entering "passwords" or "SSN" or "account number."
(2) And I found this: pic.twitter.com/yD4pb7bTCP — Sean Gallagher 📦🐭(@thepacketrat) March 25, 2017
A small sample of the documents discovered included:
A list of maintenance logins and passwords for a number of devices, including metal detectors and other security devices.
A list of names, addresses, social security numbers, bank account numbers, e-mail addresses and phone numbers, apparently passed to a debt collector on behalf of a number of payday loan and finance companies. (Ars attempted to contact those exposed by the document, but many of the numbers associated with the records were disconnected)
Medical data, including one physician's treatment logs and photos, as well as credentials for logging into medical records systems.
A new employee enrollment document with instructions on how to connect to a corporate intranet gateway for the first time (with default username and password information).
Actual login and password information, saved as Word documents, from an administrator e-mail.
By about 6pm EDT on March 25, Microsoft had removed the search bar from the initial Docs.com homepage, but it still remains on other pages within Docs.com. And many of the documents are still discoverable on the Google or Bing search engines, as they had been publicly indexed. That means that until the documents are unpublished from Docs.com, they will continue to be accessible to anyone who searches against the site.
Microsoft had previously published a notice on security fixes to Docs.com for Office 365 administrators, advising them on how to control access by users to the service. "Because Docs.com does not yet meet all of Office 365 compliance framework requirements, Office 365 and Azure Tenant administrators must 'opt-in' to enable users with organizational accounts to use the service," the Microsoft Support document states.
It's not clear how recently that change was made; Ars has reached out to Microsoft for further comment.
Update 10:30 AM ET: This morning, Microsoft disabled some searched on Docs.com, and is blocking some incoming links to searches from Google.
But additional documents were discoverable via Google search, including documents with health benefits information filled in.
Update 1:20 PM ET: Microsoft has re-enabled search for some reason, and PII searches are still not blocked.
Update 2:28 PM ET: A Microsoft spokesperson made the following statement to Ars:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A former Barclays Plc trader who was fired by the bank for sending inappropriate emails about Libor “has cooperated” with the federal criminal probe into the alleged rigging of international benchmark interest rates, according to the New York hedge fund that currently employs the trader.
The letter "B" of the signage on the Barclays headquarters in Canary Wharf is hoisted up the side of the building in London July 20, 2012. REUTERS/Simon Newman
The hedge fund, WCG Management, sent an email to its investors on Sunday informing them that the $3.4 billion fund is not under investigation in the Libor probe, but confirmed that portfolio manager Ryan Reich has drawn scrutiny from U.S. prosecutors.
WCG said in the email, a copy of which was read to Reuters by a person who received it, that the fund had talked to Reich's attorney, and the lawyer said his client had “cooperated” with federal prosecutors.
The hedge fund added that Reich's lawyer said federal authorities have not asked any questions about Reich's work for WCG, where he has been a portfolio manager since July 2010.
A spokesman for the Department of Justice declined to comment.
Kenneth Ulbricht, the chief operating officer for WCG, did not respond to requests for comment on the hedge fund's email to investors. Reich's lawyer, Ira Lee Sorkin, a partner in the white collar defense group at Lowenstein Sandler, declined to comment on the hedge fund's email.
Reuters last week reported that Reich was drawing scrutiny from federal prosecutors in Washington, D.C., after being fired from Barclays in March 2010 for allegedly sending inappropriate emails seeking information concerning the pricing of Libor, information that could have been used in his trading positions.
In its investor email, WCG, referenced the Reuters story.
Libor, the London interbank offered rate, is used to set rates on trillions of dollars of contracts for everything from home mortgages to credit cards. The investigation has embroiled banks on both sides of the Atlantic and involves yen and euro rates as well as those for the dollar.
So far, there's no indication the authorities are looking at hedge funds in the Libor probe, but the investor email from WCG is an indication that the sprawling investigation is rattling nerves beyond the trading desks of big banks.
Lawyers familiar with the investigation say federal prosecutors continue to reach out to individuals to gauge interest in cooperating or taking pleas. They said prosecutors are expected to begin making decisions on charging individuals later this month or in early September.
When Reich worked at Barclays, he was a relatively junior trader on the firm's U.S. dollar swaps trading desk in New York. He joined Barclays in 2006, two years after graduating from Princeton University.
Barclays, as is customary in the brokerage business, notified the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority that it had dismissed Reich for sending inappropriate internal emails while at the bank.
People familiar with the investigation said that Reich could be a key witness for federal prosecutors as they try to build a case against individuals who allegedly tried to manipulate Libor rates at Barclays.
Reich's lawyer, Sorkin, is a former federal prosecutor and top lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission and has represented a number of notable clients over the years, including Bernard Madoff.
One of Reich's supervisors at Barclays was Jay V. Merchant, who left the bank at the end of 2009 to join UBS to run that firm's swaps desk in Stamford, Connecticut. Reuters previously reported that Merchant also has drawn scrutiny in the probe, which also involves regulators in the United States and the United Kingdom.
John Kenney, Merchant's lawyer, declined to comment. A spokeswoman for UBS said Merchant is to return Monday from vacation.
A person familiar with WCG, which was founded in 2007 by Barry Wittlin, a former top proprietary trader at Merrill Lynch, said the fund has no plans to reassign Reich because it believes he has done nothing inappropriate at the fund.
WCG is a macro hedge fund that specializes in trading bonds, currencies and interest rate swaps. With leverage, the fund controls about $13 billion assets, according to regulatory filings.
Not all funds have been as proactive as WCG in seeking to reassure clients about the fallout from the Libor probe.
Several of the world's largest global macro managers have spent months trawling through emails, voicemails and phone calls to check that their traders did nothing untoward, investors say, but this emerged only after those same investors pressed the funds to show they are clean and that there are no nasty surprises headed their way.
Most funds, when pressed on the investigation, have declined to comment.
Four men walked into the downtown Palo Alto Apple Store on Tuesday afternoon and snatched 22 iPhones valued at $16,000, a Palo Alto Police spokesman said.
The men walked into the store, at 340 University Ave., at about 4 p.m. and yanked the iPhone 6 mobile devices from their displays, ripping out the security cables tethering the merchandise. No one was injured, police officer Marco Estrada said.
The men fled the store and were last seen running east on University Avenue. Police swiftly arrived to the scene, but were unable to locate the suspects.
The men are described as black males in their early to middle 20s. They all wore white T-shirts, dark-colored sweat pants and dark baseball caps. One man wore a red hat. All were about 6 feet tall with thin builds. Two of the men had longer hair and two had short hair, Estrada said.
Police continue to investigate the case. Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Palo Alto Police Department dispatch center at 650-329-2413. Anonymous tips can be sent by email to paloalto@tipnow.org or by text message or voice mail to 650-383-8984.
"People like me worked our asses off to elect this president.
People like me spent our own money making long distance phone calls during the primaries.
People like me called dozens of Spanish-speaking voters in Texas.
People like me spent our own money ferrying people to Virginia and West Virginia to knock on doors.
People like me went where the Stars and Bars are proudly displayed because we knew too many people who couldn't set foot there safely.
People like me cornered middle-aged white guys who claimed they were worried about 'the Muslim thing' and switched them from McCain to Obama by selling them on a simple point: 'You may like McCain, but I bet you love your job more.'"
"And since we are talking about money, you know people like me raised more money for Obama in one day than the average person makes in a MONTH!" (thanks dkos!)
"You know how we did that?
We had a clear message, it was consistent, it was credible, we were committed to our vision, and we connected with average people by offering them hope of real change. We convinced people who's hearts had been broken to have faith so they could learn to love again." (h/t ThatPoshGirl.)
"People like me have been going to townhalls and confronting the knuckleheads unleashed by the right-wing, because Republicans have gone back to their base and whipped them into a frenzy. The birthers, the deathers, the teabaggers, the gun-toters, and on and on." (h/t to djtgy and everyone else who's been on the front lines).
"In the meantime, what is the Democratic leadership doing? Rahm Emanual, the president's Chief of Staff, holds a meeting to call people like me, the BASE of the Democratic party, "fucking stupid" and tells us to sit down and shut up."
"Oh dear!" She exclaimed. "He said that?"
"Yes he did."
"Who did he say that to?"
"He said it to people like me! (h/t blueintheface)
People arguing for passage of a bill with a Robust Public Option Now! (h/t flitedocnm)
People who wanted this voted on before the recess! (h/t itskevin and many, many others)
People who knew chasing a bipartisan chimera was a waste of time." (h/t slinkerwink and many others)
"People like me are sick and tired of hearing how we need Republican support after we cleaned their clocks in House races, Senate races, gubernatorial races and ...oh yeah... the race for the White House. Remember "Elections have consequences"? Now the shoe is on the other foot and you come to me asking for money because leadership lost the initiative?"
"Well, the president has finally realized that we have to do this with or without the Republicans," she said.
"Come on. That's not news. All the effort to compromise on the stimulus and how many Republicans voted for it in the end? None." (h/t WeBetterWinThisTime and many, many others)
"Obviously, he can't please everyone..." she started.
"I never expected him to please everyone. I do expect him to try and please people like me, because nothing he does will ever please people like Grassley." (h/t desmoinesdem and many, many others)
"People like me don't stand with Grassley, we stand with Trumka. During the campaign Richard Trumka delivered one of the most important speeches in the history of American Labor."(h/t platypus)
"Trumka came out forcefully for Obama and called the opposition for what it was -- racist. I stood with him then and I stand with him now. And right now he is warning the Blue Dogs and anyone else who stands in the way of the public option, don't DARE ask us for money or support."(h/t PaulVA and others)
"I stand with Howard Dean, the man who pushed the 50-state strategy over the objections of geniuses like Rahm Emanuel. The man who did more to elect this president than most and got nothing for his efforts. No public option, no deal." (h/t irmaly)
"I want to stand with the man who campaigned for change, but I will not stand with anyone who listens to advisors that make sweetheart deals with Billy Tauzin and insults us." (h/t JasperJohns)
"Well,sir," she said, "I've been taking notes and I agree with most of what you said. But I've spent ten minutes with you and that means three other people who could have contributed have had to wait for my call, so I am going to have to end this call now so we can raise the money we need to fight the Republicans."
"I understand, but let me leave you with this thought. And this isn't me talking. This is Bill Moyers talking. You don't build better public schools, better public libraries, or better public policy with money. You build them with better values."(h/t icebergslim)
"When you have values that are shared by people like me, values you communicate clearly and consistently, values you are committed to fighting for, then money will be the least of your problems. But if Harry Reid doesn't work for Obama, why should people like me?"
She repeated herself, "I said I've been taking notes, and I agree with most of what you say. But I am committed to change, that's why I'm making these calls on Sunday afternoon. Now I have to say good bye." Then she hung up.
Here's why I share that story with folks here:
I want to say "Thank you" to this community. I spoke with borrowed eloquence. The message I delivered was possible because of the work of a lot of other people. Many of them right here. I could not have done it without your help.
Practice makes perfect. Opportunities to have an impact present themselves when you least expect them. Chance favors the prepared mind. Dailykos is not an entertainment site. It's not an echo chamber. It's a training facility. If you have never posted here before, but wanted to... do it. That's how you prepare yourself. That's why I pushed the late night haiku during the campaign. It honed my talents and focused my mind. I don't want to get caught flat-footed. I want to be ready.
We built the better beast, now what? The site was originally developed for the purpose of electing Democrats. We did that. If that is all we are doing here, then we can all go home. I don't see anyone rushing for the doors so I guess we agree now is the time to build on our successes. We need to do more than change the number of politicians, we need to change their direction. That means we have to draw them a map with a clear destination on it. Then we have to give them a kick in the pants.
The DNC is soliciting, let's give them our two cents. Now is the time to promote our call for real change so it cannot be ignored by leadership. If you want to amplify that message so it reaches the ears of the president, if you want to deliver that kick in the pants that changes the game, then make your voice heard and vote with your mouse.
Sharing a PS3 with a buddy 115 miles away meant console access was a bit of an issue until recently. With the majority of Naughty Dog's Uncharted series being available for the aforementioned system, Nathan Drake hadn't made an appearance on Hitbox Gaming's screen. That was until last weekend, when Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was finally unboxed.
Truth be told, the game had been quietly gathering dust since the PS4 was bought in June. However, with A Thief's End‘s recent nomination for more or less every category in the Game of the Year awards, there is no better time for this Nathan Drake virgin to pop their cherry.
So bloody pretty
Uncharted 4 is without a doubt one of the most visually spectacular games available on the PS4. Naughty Dog has gone beyond what should be possible to deliver on a piece of technology that wasn't exactly powerful when it was launched a few years ago.
The world in Uncharted 4 is so faithfully recreated that you really feel like you are sliding down slate shingles on a Scottish coastline or trying to escape from a dingy Panamanian prison. The way that a landmark which was miles away suddenly appears right under your nose after half an hour of climbing up rocks and swinging over canyons is incredible. The way you progress through the world in A Thief's End feels like an actual world, rather than a series of small playable areas with a nice background.
The attention Uncharted 4 puts into the small details is what really brings the game to life. From the way the light shines through the jungle canopies onto one of the lost cities to the plant life glistening when it gets wet, transports you right into the world. The number of times you end up dying simply because you were momentarily distracted by something random flapping about in the wind is a testament to the seemingly living world around you.
Learn to climb before you can walk
Climbing comes as easy for Nathan Drake as discussing the weather or queueing does for the English. It's such an intrinsic part of moving about Uncharted 4's glorious world that almost every obstacle can be solved by jumping around enough until you cling onto something. For a newcomer to the series it's a fun way to get about, although at times it can make the game feel like it doesn't exactly follow the laws of physics.
On the rare occasion that you can't just hop about until you're suddenly climbing, you have to use Nathan Drake's trusty grappling hook and swing about a bit. A real-life friend/blogging rival reliably informed Hitbox Gaming that this swinging mechanic was only added to the series in A Thief's End, and you can tell that it hasn't had three games of refinement behind it. While it's fun to swing across a canyon in the jungle, the physics just don't feel as smooth as the rest of the game and you're often left wondering if it was skill or luck that got you across.
Stealth is fun, shooting is not
Without wanting to spoil the plot too much you're basically hunting for lost treasures and hidden cities. It turns out that you're not the only one that wants the plunder and naturally they're not too pleased to see you. Whenever you come across a group of enemies you generally get to choose to stealthily murder them or go in all guns blazing and shoot their heads off.
Quiet murder is without a doubt the method which seems most fitting with Nathan Drake's character. When you sneak up on an unsuspecting enemy and drag him out of a window or crack his neck, it's very satisfying. In most encounters, you can silently move from place to place, dragging nameless militia into the bushes for a cheeky bit of murder and before you know it, Nate is waltzing on out of there like it ain't nothing to it.
However.
Being the stealth game n00b that it is, Hitbox Gaming wasn't particularly good at it. Instead, almost every enemy situation ended up into an all out gun fest within a minute or two. While running into battle all guns blazing is almost certainly not what Naughty Dog had in mind for the encounters, the fact remains that shooting guns in Uncharted 4 is one of the few things that isn't very good.
With the exception of one or two weapons, almost every gun in Uncharted 4 feels the same to fire. The only obvious differences between most of the guns are whether they are semi-automatic or automatic, and whether it's a pistol or a rifle. Strangely, there are a huge array of different weapons but as they all feel so similar to fire that it just seems like a bit of a waste. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with having a big selection of guns but they've got to feel different for there to be a point.
You should probably play the other games first
Even though playing Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was a thoroughly enjoyable experience, it's difficult to shake off the feeling that you're missing something if you haven't played the other games in the series. There so many moments that are a clear ode to previous adventures or not introducing characters that have already been developed, that you get the feeling that you're being a voyeur to somebody else's nostalgia.
The ending gives the indication that a couple of spin-off games could be on the cards but A Thief's End feels very much like a swansong for Nathan Drake, and for somebody who's just got into the series, it's a bit sad.
With Black Friday just around the corner, The Nathan Drake Collection is already in the Amazon shopping basket so at least Hitbox Gaming can experience Nate's past adventures, all the while knowing some undoubtedly story ruining information.
Game of the Year?
Aside from the slightly odd swinging (ooh, matron) mechanic and average gunplay, Uncharted 4 is one of the finest examples of gaming across all genres on the PS4. It is truly one of the most immersive, beautiful and enjoyable adventures, and it has rightly been nominated for 2016's Game of the Year.
For Hitbox Gaming, A Thief's End has won over a belated Nathan Drake fan and even rekindled a lost love for action adventure games. That in itself should be proof enough, if there even needs any, that Uncharted 4 deserves a place in every PS4 owner's collection.
9/10
Weird California - By Joe Parzanese
LA Pet Cemetery
5068 N. Old Scandia Lane, Calabasas, California 91372
Founded by Los Angeles veterinarian Dr. Eugene C Jones in 1928, the Los Angeles Pet Memorial Park resides on over ten acres in Calabasas, California and currently has over 40,000 animals interred within it. Animals range from the normal variety of cats and dogs to the outlandish of horses, parrots, a hen, and even an MGM lion named Tawny who died in 1940.
Several celebrities have their pets interred here including: Steven Spielberg's Jack Russell, Rudolph Valentino's dog - Kabar, Hopalong Cassidy's horse - Topper, and at least one of the Petey dogs, the bulldog from the Little Rascals. Charlie Chapman's cat, Humphrey Bogart's dog, Mary Pickford's pooch, as well as pets of Harry James, Eva Gabor, Gloria Swanson, Bob Newhart, and Mae West all reside in the grounds.
As with many cemeteries, ghosts lurk in this one as well. The ghosts of long deceased pets. It is rumored that Kabar, Rudolph Valentino's Alsatian Doberman, haunts the grounds. He has been heard barking and panting, and has even been felt licking unsuspecting visitors' hands.
Rudolph Valentino died on August 23, 1926 in a New York hospital. At that precise moment three thousand miles across the country, Kabar let out such an unearthly howl that Beatrice Lillie who was driving past the estate heard it and almost drove off the road. Kabar would out live his master until February 2, 1929. A large lavish ceremony was held at the cemetery when he was laid to rest.
Besides running across Kabar at the cemetery, he was also encountered at Valentino's mansion on May 6th, 1948 when several spiritualists had gathered to celebrate Valentino's birthday. During the night, several mediums reported seeing the dog, and he supposedly leapt through a closed window.
Another of the more famous residents of the LA Pet Cemetery is Room 8, a cat who lived his days in Room 8 of Elysian Heights Elementary School in Echo Park, California. From 1952 until his death in 1968, the cat lived in the school, taking off in the summer like the children and coming back at the beginning of the school year. When he grew older, a family near the school took him in, and at the end of each school day, the janitor would find him and bring him to the family's house. A children's book was written about him entitled: A Cat Called Room 8 . When he passed away, the Los Angeles Times obituary for Room 8 ran three columns long and included a picture. Donations came in from all around the world and helped pay for a large upright tombstone featuring his picture.
The Cemetery is owned by a non profit organization called SOPHIE or Save Our Pets' History in Eternity. The organization helped successfully get passed a law in 1986 that protects the cemetery land from outside development.
Follow WeirdCA.com!
Comments:
Eva of Granada hills , Ca on 2014-06-29 said: LA pet cemetery in Calabasas in my opinion should be avoided burried my pet there yesterday. Got treated like garbage by the office manager and the woman that sold us the burial package. Cannot find any information on the founder of S.O.P.h.I.E Cannot find them in the California Non-profit directory. Much of the information on their printed material Is not accurate. They had maintenance men Mowing lawns while we were Burying our beloved pet. Items purchased were not brought with him to the grave site, Just one big disappointment! Guess if you're a big name your thousand dollars means more than mine. I would describe LA pet cemetery In three words Uncaring, Rude, Abusive.
Phantom on 2010-03-25 said: I think that sounds cute. A doggy not wanting to leave this dimension. Licking your hand means he likes you, and barking is to get your attention.
Outside Links:
Outside References:
Last Edited: 2012-04-22
Emotions and Rhetoric Run High at Public Lands Meeting
A Utah Highway Patrol trooper was stationed in Wednesday's meeting of the Stewardship of Public Lands Commission meeting, just to make sure no one in the packed audience got out of control.
But it was Rep. Mike Noel, R-Kanab, and Sen. Jim Dabakis, D-Salt Lake, who were more likely to claw each other's eyes out, not members of the attending public.
In what only can be described as a meeting out of control at times, Noel and Dabakis went out after each other over several public lands issues.
Dabakis told fellow GOP commission members “someone” will bring a lawsuit against them and other GOP legislative leaders if the outside attorneys' work product for a commission study is not made public.
Noel said environmental groups had hired various Navajo “leaders” as paid lobbyists, thus discrediting those who oppose U.S. Rep. Rob Bishop's public lands transfer bill.
Noel said GOP Gov. Gary Herbert will put on a May special session call various resolutions which will – if passed by the majority Republicans – officially oppose making Southeastern Utah's Bear Ears area a national monument, support the Bishop land bill, and again call for the federal government to return lands to Utah control.
At one point, even Sen. David Hinkins, R- Orangeville, the commission's co-chair, got in Dabakis' face, accusing the liberal senator of misstating facts and blowing out of proportion “the whole thing.”
“I'm sick of it,” Hinkins told Dabakis, raising his voice.
In fact, several voices were raised by the commission members, while the audience basically behaved itself.
Noel; Dabakis; Rep. Joel Briscoe, D-Salt Lake; Hinkins; and Rep. Mel Brown, R-Coalville; at various times called out: “Point of Order,” in trying to stop one another from insulting each other or questioning each other's motives – a no-no in what is supposed to be the proper, if not congenial, legislative committee hearing processes.
Two main issues of disagreement Wednesday:
1) Briscoe and Dabakis are angry that as commission members they have not been allowed to see the work product of a $600,000 special report by outside attorneys on whether Utah could win a U.S. Supreme Court fight to get control of more than 31 million acres of federal land in the state.
2) Republicans on the commission accuse environmental groups of dividing Native American tribes over the proposed “conservation area” to preserve the Bears Ears area of San Juan County.
The Republicans strongly oppose President Barack Obama making the 3 million acres national monument – as he has hinted he may do before he leaves office the end of this year.
Here is a history and the study on returning federal lands to state control, which was promised by Congress at statehood in 1896, but never done on a large scale.
Specifically, Dabakis and Briscoe are upset that the New Orleans law firm (with several PR firms also doing work) won't tell the commission's two Democrats about “private, attorney-client” legal work.
Only the co-chairs, Hinkins and Rep. Keven Stratton, R-Orem, were briefed by the attorneys on what federal attorneys' strategies may be, and how the state attorneys should counter-act those strategies.
The GOP leaders say if that work product gets out, it will harm – maybe even kill – Utah's chances of returning all that land to state control.
Brown said other Republicans on the commission also were not told about the legal strategies – and so the two Democrats have no real complaints.
But complain Briscoe and Dabakis certainly did.
Some Dabakis comments:
GOP members of the committee – in fact, legislative Republican leadership in general – are acting more like Vladimir Putin than an American democracy.
Legislative Republicans act like the Legislature “is a priesthood meeting,” and act in secret to set what should be public policies.
Did the PR firms, which were paid more than $100,000, do anything unethical in their work, as Dabakis worries about. (This brought shouts of Points of Order and Hankins's claim that Dabakis is smearing good firms with no evidence at all.)
“I hear there are some nasty things in there” about the firms' actions, countered Dabakis. Show it to me, he said and prove him wrong.
“Public money was spent, and we have a right to know” what the attorneys told Hinkins and Stratton.
Noel:
“The Democrats are trying to disrupt this process any way they can!”
“All you do is holler and shout, you don't care about these areas” in rural Utah, nor the struggling folks who live there.
Those opposing the Bishop bill and returning federal lands to Utahns “are greedy, selfish people.”
Dabakis asked for a Point of Order, claiming Noel was besmirching people of good intentions – that Noel was giving opinions, not facts.
“Yeah, this is my personal belief – I understand you (Dabakis), mister, very, very well!”
“I don't want to hand (the federal attorneys) our playbook before the game has even started.”
When Stratton asked how many folks in the audience (there were so many in attendance a second hearing room was opened for the overflow crowd to listen in), were from Southern Utah, only a few raised their hands.
That left pro-monument folks, wearing special T-shirts, to giggle.
Responded Noel: “Our folks have jobs and had to work today” so couldn't drive 300 miles for the hearing – more groans from the T-shirt crowd.
In the end, nothing was decided, except that Briscoe and Dabakis wouldn't see the commission attorneys' work product, and obviously, there are bad feelings among Republican and Democratic commission members.
“Some of us don't trust each other,” mumbled Noel at one point.
It was evident, however, that the Native American community around the Four Corners area is indeed split.
Some want the Bishop bill's “conservation area” – which would include several Native American representatives on a special management committee.
Some want the national monument, which they believe would better insulate local's possible exploitation of the land.
Stratton, who spent part of the meeting trying to calm tempers, said it appears to him all concerned want to protect Bears Ears – keeping the spiritual aspect of the land, open to multiple uses and practices.
The question is which is the best way to do that, he said.
We certainly haven't heard the end of any of this – Obama could interrupt the Bishop bill process with a national monument designation.
In May, a special legislative session will take up the no-monument resolutions.
[There was a video here]
Heroin use has exploded across the American northeast, and, according to Governor Paul LePage of Maine, men with names like “D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty” are to blame.
The Portland Press Herald reports that the pretty overtly racist remark came during a livestreamed town hall meeting in which LePage discussed the state's drug scourge
You can listen to his reasoning in the video clip above, in which he also explains that these black drug dealers frequently “impregnate a young white girl” after they sell their heroin, but before they head back south. That comment evokes an audible “huh” from one member of the audience, though others laughed at his examples of stereotypical “black” names that also sound like possible friends of Bazooka Joe.
These aren't people who take drugs, these are guys that are named D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty... [Laughter] These type of guys who come from Connecticut and New York, they come up here they sell their heroin then they go back home. Incidentally half they time they impregnate a young white girl before they leave, which is a real sad thing because then we have another issue that we gotta deal with down the road.
The Japanese Pokémon site was updated today with the announcement of a new Pokémon game called Melee! Pokémon Scramble, available exclusively for the WiiWare downloadable service.
Developed by Ambrella (My Pokémon Ranch) and set for release on June 16th in Japan for 1500 Nintendo Points, Melee! Pokémon Scramble is a real-time action-RPG in which players control, collect and battle clockwork Pokémon toys in an epic quest to - you guessed it - become the ultimate Pokémon master.
The player directly controls their chosen Pokémon using the Wiimote held sideways, battling dozens of Pokémon simultaneously in real time. The single-player component starts the player off with a lowly Pokémon which must venture forth into the wild in order to train against wild Pokémon (including some menacing boss fights), capture new Pokémon and earn currency which can be used to upgrade your roster.
Once your Pokémon are strong enough they can be entered in the Battle Royal which pits twelve trainers against each other in a frantic last-man-standing bout. The fun doesn't stop there, either - up to four players can take on the Battle Royal together via local multiplayer in both competitive and co-operative modes. Sheesh!
View the official trailer below:
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
There is currently no release date for Melee! Pokémon Scramble internationally. Expect updates on Melee! Pokémon Scramble here at Nintendo Life as they come to hand.
1. Whenever someone is angry and confrontational, stand next to them instead of in front of them. You won't appear as so much of a threat, and they eventually calm down.
2. Open with “I need your help.” People don't like the guilt of not helping someone out. When asking for a favor from someone, begin your request by saying “I need your help.” It greatly increases your chances of getting that favor done.
3. Rephrase what the other person says and repeat it back to them. This makes them think you're listening and really interested in what they're saying. It makes them feel validated. Obviously, you don't want to overdo this.
4. If you want someone to agree with you, nod while you talk. This gets the other person to nod too, and they begin to subconsciously think they agree with you.
5. If someone doesn't like you, ask to borrow a pencil. It is a small enough favor that they won't say no, and it gets them to like you more. Check out the Benjamin Franklin effect for more explanation.
6. Fold your arms to determine interest. If someone is observing you, they will likely mimic you. Fold your arms, and see if they do it, too.
7. Repeat a person's name many times during a conversation. It helps you remember it, and makes them like you more.
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – University of Miami President Donna Shalala is stepping down.
In a letter published on the university's website, Shalala writes that she is proud of what they've accomplished.
“,,,secure the University of Miami's place as the next great American research university. The senior team I have had the opportunity to lead is remarkable in their skill and brilliance. The trustees have my deepest gratitude for their courage in letting me take the University on a journey of excellence that was promising, but risky.”
Click here to watch the report.
Along with the good times, Shalala also endured some of the university's darkest days. She's was at the center of the university's defense during the more than two year investigation of the school by the NCAA. In addition to the NCAA sanctions, the school self-imposed severe sanctions including a two-year postseason ban which cost the Hurricanes a trip to the ACC Championship game and a bowl game.
Shalala said that the school learned a lot from the charges and the investigation.
Donna Shalala Announces Her Departure
In announcing her resignation, Shalala said was thankful for the professionalism of faculty, staff and students.
“It is so easy to stand still. Pursuing greatness is not for the meek or cautious. Our faculty is as gifted as any I have worked with in higher education. Their passion for discovery, great teaching, and patient care is extraordinary. Our staff is committed, skilled, loyal, and take great pride in their work. Our students…they have energized us and give us hope for our country and the world's future. Our alumni, supporters, and donors have made us stronger and stuck with us through thick and thin.”
“President Shalala's tenure as the University of Miami's fifth president has been a fortuitous and celebrated circumstance of the right leader at the right place at the right time,” noted Stuart A. Miller, Chair of the University of Miami Board of Trustees.
Shalala concludes here letter by saying that one of the best aspects of her job was living in Miami.
“This great community is maddening, delightful, and limitless in its vitality and promise. We have worked hard to be good neighbors and civic leaders. I am personally delighted to continue to be part of its extraordinary future. Like the University, it needs to always pursue excellence with a razor-sharp focus that only great communities deserve.”
Shalala served as U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001.
Taking over the reigns of UM in 2001, Shalala is the fifth president in the history of the institution. Her presidency has been marked by accelerated progress in all key areas—teaching and learning, the discovery of new knowledge, the delivery of cutting-edge medical care, service to the region and beyond and fundraising.
In 2003 the University launch Momentum: The Campaign. The historic fundraising drive surpassed its $1 billion goal in January 2006, a year and a half ahead of schedule, and ended December 31, 2007, having raised $1.4 billion, the first university in Florida to successfully mount a billion-dollar campaign.
In 2012 the University launched Momentum2: The Breakthrough Campaign which to date has raised $1.3 billion. When completed the Momentum campaigns will represent an extraordinary $3 billion philanthropic legacy that has transformed the University and the South Florida community.
“Donna could have gone anywhere and been successful, but she came here to Miami-Dade. She took an already successful institution and gave it the “Momentum” it needed to make it one of the top universities in the nation,” said Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez. “What's best about Donna is that she never turned down an opportunity to work cooperatively. All anyone ever had to do was pick up the phone with an idea and Donna would be the first one to join. She always understood the power of service, and she made Miami-Dade County a better place because of it.”
Shalala will step down at the end of the 2014-2015 school year.
RELATED CONTENT:
Gills captain Doug Loft. Picture: Barry Goodwin
Captain Doug Loft could make his long-awaited Gills return against high-flying Peterborough this week.
Gillingham takes on second-placed Posh in League 1 at Priestfield on Tuesday night.
Loft has been out of action since the home game against Yeovil a month ago. An Achilles injury has kept the 27-year-old skipper out but he was close to returning at Oldham on Saturday.
Boss Peter Taylor wants to make sure he is 100% ready.
“I didn't think it was worth that risk,” said the Gills boss, who also left out leading scorer Danny Kedwell. “Lofty has got a very, very good chance for Tuesday. We didn't want to start him (Saturday) as we didn't think that was right.”
Taylor felt Gillingham's passing was off the mark at Oldham and Loft's return would be well timed. Fellow midfielder Josh Pritchard could also come in for his first league start.
“Pritchard showed what a good passer he is when he came on (Saturday),” said Taylor. “There are some plusses from what was a frustrating afternoon.
“He is definitely capable of being the answer but the problem is he isn't 90-minute fit. He is definitely the answer on the ball as people have seen. (Loft) is another one that will help us.”
Read the full story in Monday's Medway Messenger
Back in early October, shorting Apple (AAPL) and going long Nokia (NOK) seemed like lunatic moves to most investors — which is why it has worked like a dream for some. Nokia's share price is up by 40% since that point in time while Apple has tumbled by more than 20%. One of the things driving Nokia higher is the number of people who shorted the stock during the summer and are now forced to buy back shares as they panic about the rebound. Meanwhile, Apple's share price is plunging as hedge funds have started sweating over the risk of holding a declining name as 2012 draws to a close and annual performance is on the line.
Of course, Nokia's smartphone market share is still tanking and Apple still has smartphone operating profit level that defies gravity and history. But that is the thing: some analysts are now predicting that Nokia will sell fewer than 3 million Windows Phones during the fourth quarter this year. The bar is so low that clearing it might be doable.
For Apple, the situation is opposite. Its iPhone profit margin is so high that it's not hard to see why overall margins will come under pressure in 2013. China Mobile is haggling for far better terms than earlier carriers Apple signed up; the iPad has lower margins than iPhone; the iPad mini has lower margins still; and Apple is losing the smartphone share battle badly to Samsung (005930) in Latin America, Africa and Asia as long as it refuses to let its handset ASP drift below $600.
However, Nokia's ongoing surge relative to Apple is changing the mental game ahead of December quarter reports. Expectations for Nokia are growing every week — the company has beaten its handset volume estimates for two quarters running and now investors are beginning to expect another Asha-driven feature phone volume surprise. Expectations for Apple keep going down as investors price in things like the iPhone 4S possibly outselling the iPhone 5 and the iPad getting cannibalized by iPad mini.
There is still a month before Nokia and Apple report but when they do, we might see exceptional volatility as the biggest winner and the biggest loser in the phone industry deal with wild swings in market sentiment.
One sign indicates that a turning point might be near: Apple has been hit by no more than three price target reductions over the past couple of hours as brokerage houses have started panicking over the share price decline, turning negative on the name. This sometimes marks the sentiment bottom, at least in the short-term.
Baron Davis has committed to sign with the New York Knicks, according to sources close to the situation.
A source close to Davis told ESPNNewYork.com's Ian Begley that the veteran point guard flew into New York on Sunday night and is expected to be at the Knicks facility on Monday to finalize his contract.
Davis cleared waivers Friday after he was released through the amnesty clause in the new labor agreement by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
SI.com reported that Davis and the Knicks have agreed to a one-year deal worth $2.5 million, which is the maximum New York could pay in using what is known as the "mini" mid-level exception for luxury-tax teams.
But it remains to be seen how soon Davis will be able to play for the Knicks thanks to a back injury that the Cavaliers, upon releasing him, believed would sideline the former All-Star for eight to 10 weeks.
The Knicks, though, chased Davis aggressively despite the injury, desperate to upgrade their backcourt to support a frontcourt duo of Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire that was recently boosted the arrival of Tyson Chandler to be the Knicks' defensive anchor.
The team has penciled in Toney Douglas as its starting point guard and Mike Bibby as a backup. But with Douglas lacking experience and Bibby coming off of a subpar playoff run with the Miami Heat, the Knicks have been interested in bringing in Davis as another option at point guard.
Anthony was excited about adding a possibly healthy Davis.
"Everybody knows what he can do when he's healthy and when he's focused," he said, before news of the deal was announced. "I was here for two months last year and we played (the Cavaliers) quite a bit of time when I got here and he was healthy then. They beat us and he was a big part of those wins.
"When BD (Davis) is healthy, he's one of the best."
The Los Angeles Lakers and Heat also expressed strong interest in signing Davis, who was waived Wednesday night by the Cavs.
Teams with salary-cap space had the right to bid on Davis in the 48 hours before he cleared waivers but elected not to, presumably because of the back injury. The waiver auction for teams with cap space is the mechanism that allowed the Los Angeles Clippers to put in a winning blind bid of a little more than $2 million for Chauncey Billups after Billups was released by the Knicks via amnesty.
ESPN The Magazine's Ric Bucher, quoting one source close to the situation, reported Saturday that the initial diagnosis may have been too conservative and that Davis could be back in four to six weeks.
Sources say Davis, 32, always intended to make a decision well before he's physically able to play so he can familiarize himself with the team's playbook and personnel and settle into his new home.
ESPN.com reported in early November, furthermore, that Davis regards playing at Madison Square Garden on par with playing with the Lakers in terms of his lifelong dreams.
On Saturday, Bucher quoted the source saying: "Going to a team that really wants (Baron) is an important part of it."
Rougly $27 million of the nearly $30 million left on Davis' contract is guaranteed. The Cavs still have to pay Davis that money even after sending him away, but the new amnesty clause -- unlike the 2005 version -- give teams salary cap relief as well as tax relief on a player released via amnesty.
The immediate priority for Davis is getting healthy. The back injury has kept Davis off the floor since training camps opened last week and Davis' agent, Todd Ramasar, told ESPNNewYork.com's Ian Begley that "Baron is out a minimum of eight to 10 weeks if there are no setbacks in his physical therapy."
The Cavs weighed whether to keep Davis for one more season and try to play him alongside No. 1 overall pick Kyrie Irving. Cleveland coach Byron Scott, who had Davis in New Orleans, had also spoken optimistically of the idea that Irving and Davis could function well together in the same backcourt.
Yet the overriding sentiment within the organization calls for handing the keys of the franchise to Irving right away. With Ramon Sessions on the books in Cleveland for two more seasons at a cap-friendly salary and Daniel Gibson coming off his best season, letting Davis go now eases a potential backcourt logjam.
The recently re-signed Anthony Parker is also expected to play a lot of shooting guard for Cleveland to free up minutes at small forward for the newly acquired Omri Casspi.
Davis arrived in Cleveland in February in a trade-deadline deal for Mo Williams that was clinched by the Clippers' willingness to include their first overall pick in the June draft unprotected. That pick became Irving.
Davis averaged 13.1 points and 6.7 assists in 58 games for the Clippers and Cleveland last season.
"We would like to thank Baron for his contributions to the team during his time in Cleveland," Cavs general manager Chris Grant said in a statement Wednesday night. "He has been an absolute professional since the day he joined the Cavs and we now wish him the best in the future."
Marc Stein is a senior writer for ESPN.com. Dave McMenamin covers the NBA for ESPNLosAngeles.com. Information from ESPN The Magazine's Ric Bucher, ESPNNewYork.com's Ian Begley and ESPN.com's Brian Windhorst was used in this report.
December 20, 2018
Japanese
Chinese (Simplified)
Korean
Hello!Just a very quick update:Today we're releasing a patch that adds support for the following languages:The patch also fixes some UI issues when playing the game in certain resolutions.We also wanted to take this opportunity to say thank you to everyone who has played Bomber Crew, and also to those who have taken the time to send us feedback. As a two-person dev team, we don't always have the time to address everything, but we certainly read it all and appreciate it enormously.The forums have become an absolute treasure trove of good ideas and advice, which we will be re-reading as we think about what we might do next!Again, thank you all, and Merry Christmas!メリークリスマス !메리 크리스마스 !圣诞节快乐 !Jon & Daveo7
All around the world, people are fighting and dying over sand. The natural resource is a crucial component of concrete, and it is coveted by developing countries like Morocco, Singapore, and, most especially, India. Writer Vince Beiser and photographer Adam Ferguson documented this prolific and dangerous industry in our recent story, “The Deadly Global War for Sand.”
Ferguson spent a week in India last month, visiting regions near Mumbai and Delhi. He lived in the country from 2007 until 2010 and knew about the sand mining, but not the toll it exacted from the people and the landscape. “The fact that sand is stripped from the earth to feed concrete development seems obvious now, but I didn't comprehend the reality of farmland and rivers being stripped to enable the development of ‘New India,'” he says.
“New India” refers to the alarming growth in urban construction. In Gautam Budh Nagar, for example, a 5,000-acre “Sports City” is in the works, and the region is dotted with new offices, apartments and shopping malls. The boom requires unfathomable quantities of sand, which is pulled from quarries, riverbeds and even the sea. Most of this is done illegally.
At places like Thane Creek outside of Mumbai, hundreds of locals and migrant workers toil in harsh conditions for about $16 a day. They dive to depths of 40 feet to dredge sand with metal buckets, which are pulled to the surface by other crew members. One diver noted that the illegal dredging is so rampant that the channel soon will be too deep for them to reach the bottom.
With the help of a fixer named Ravi Mishra, Ferguson hired an 82-year-old fisherman and his son to take him out in a small canoe. He had to work quickly each day, because most of the divers work from 4 am until 8 am, and the current made shooting tricky.
Ferguson brought just one camera and lens to avoid drawing undue attention, but people were suspicious anyway. He frequently was told he couldn't shoot, and relied heavily on Mishra to secure permission, make amends, and, sometimes, protect him from danger.
“We were threatened by people saying they would smash my camera and drown us in the river, but Ravi knew when the threats were hollow and real,” he says. “When they were real we got out of there and let things cool off before returning. I had total trust in Ravi.”
Though Ferguson shot largely without incident, the threat of grave danger always looms. Criminal “sand mafias” threaten anyone who defies them, and do not hesitate to use violence. The police are known for taking bribes to look the other way. There are suspicions that some government officials are no better.
These people are the true culprits, Ferguson says. The brokers and contractors who run this industry, and the gangsters and bureaucrats who protect them. They are the people profiting from this deadly war, at the expense of the people. “The miners,” he says, “are just workers doing a job.”
Donald Trump has convinced himself he's an extraordinary success. His constituents don't seem to agree.
President Trump's standing with the American people has deteriorated since the spring, buffeted by perceptions of a decline in U.S. leadership abroad, a stalled presidential agenda at home and an unpopular Republican health-care bill, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. Approaching six months in office, Trump's overall approval rating has dropped to 36 percent from 42 percent in April. His disapproval rating has risen five points to 58 percent. Overall, 48 percent say they “disapprove strongly” of Trump's performance in office, a level never reached by former presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and reached only in the second term of George W. Bush in Post-ABC polling.
To help drive the point home, I put together the above chart, relying on data from Washington Post, ABC News, and Gallup, to show every president's public standing after six months in office since the dawn of modern American polling. Trump isn't just unpopular; he's unpopular in ways we haven't seen in modern times.
But that's not new. What is new is the president commenting on his woefully weak public support.
“The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!” Trump declared via Twitter.
For now, let's put aside the fact that Post/ABC poll was actually quite accurate in 2016. Let's also be charitable and look past the unintentionally amusing idea that a 36% approval rating is somehow “almost 40%.”
Instead, the part of the response I found interesting was the idea that Trump believes his weak public support is “not bad.”
It is, in reality, quite bad, indeed. None of the president's modern predecessors have been in this position, and opposition to Trump has reached levels Obama and Clinton never saw at any point in their years in the Oval Office. The result is a flailing, scandal-plagued president with no credible claim to political capital after just six months in office.
What's more, this is a White House without any real buffer: Trump's support is below the 40% threshold despite low unemployment and decent economic growth. If the economy stalls, or there's an unforeseen crisis that rattles the public's confidence, it's easy to imagine the president's approval rating collapsing further.
Common sense suggests a political leader and his team, faced with this data, would start considering some kind of course correction. After all, there's quantitative evidence that most Americans just aren't buying what this president is selling.
But that won't happen – because as far as Trump is concerned, being historically unpopular “is not bad.”
Congressional Republicans, most of whom will face voters two years before the president will, should feel quite a bit of anxiety about such a posture.
A disused metro tunnel at Champs de Mars, one of the sites due for a redesign as part of Reinvent Paris 2 RATP
A groundbreaking architectural competition returns to Paris. Are its critics right to fear another fiasco?
This summer, Paris is poised to show cities around the world how to make the most out of neglected, hard-to-deal-with urban spaces. To do so, it's inviting architects to go underground. As part of a new competition called Reinvent Paris 2 (Réinventer Paris 2 in French), the city is asking urban designers to come up with innovative uses for 34 pieces currently unused or under-used city-owned plots—most of which are entirely or partly subterranean. Among the line-up are disused “ghost” metro stations such as Croix-Rouge, various basements of historic buildings, tunnels freed up by the banning of cars from the Seine's lower quay, unused reservoirs, subterranean parking lots and former abattoirs. Winning projects for these sites will then have the right to buy the plot from the city. Coming up with sustainable innovative uses for these spaces could provide a highly useful template for other cities, most of which are peppered with these kinds of apparently superfluous, inefficiently used sites
So far, so great—but a question hangs over the entire procedure. Is Paris City Hall ready to give the contest an honest effort? Reinvent Paris 2 is the second round of a competition whose first outing's results were far from impressive, pervaded as they were by a whiff of low ambition, superficial design, and mutual official backscratching. Such is the skepticism around the competition's return that a group of local architects has launched a satirical counter-contest called Réinventer Pourris, a hard-to-translate pun that replaces Paris with a word meaning rotten or corrupt. Promising an award to whoever submits the most ludicrous lampoon of a current Parisian grand project, the spoof competition shows a highly skeptical attitude toward the city's call for proposals. The story of how an optimistic-seeming attempt to revitalize neglected scraps ended up provoking such skepticism is still somewhat murky. The problem is partly that Reinvent Paris 1 was a call for innovation, but ended up delivering nothing of the sort. The scheme, designed to find good uses for somewhat complex city-owned plots, ended up working well enough as a fundraising exercise. Selling off the land netted the city a not-inconsiderable €600 million. Design-wise, however, it was a dud. Most of the winning proposals were shallow in the extreme, delivering indifferent architecture and the flimsiest of public benefits.
They included green-clad towers where the actual greenery featured in renderings was not factored into the construction budget, but left to tenants' discretion. Elsewhere, a co-working space set aside a space for fashion students' runway shows that, on closer inspection, turned out to be in a basement and scarcely large enough to swing a cat in. A winner promising to grace the boundaries of the Périphérique beltway with lush gardens turned out to be a project mainly designed to create an entirely private rooftop park dotted with inaccessible luxury housing. Reinventing Paris turned out to be akin to reinventing the wheel as a rectangle. In some ways, this was a political masterstroke—dressing up a sell-off of city assets as a bold voyage into innovation. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... There's more, though. Reinvent Paris' first round wasn't just a case of lackluster choices. Sources involved in the judging expressed fears to CityLab that the selection juries were rigged, stuffed with city officials whose choices were dictated to them by a forceful deputy mayor, Jean-Louis Missika. Billed as a collective inquiry into how to better use urban space, the contest ended up looking like a backdoor sell-off of valuable assets, frittered away to host projects that showed the thinnest veneer of social concern. (Reinvent Paris did not respond to a request for comment.) The same mistakes might not be made this time. Subterranean spaces of the sort offered for Reinvent Paris 2 can't necessarily be called valuable assets. Many of them are distinctively difficult sites, unsuitable for housing, hotels or offices because of the lack of light. Indeed, Yann Legouis, one of the organizers of the Réinventer Pourris counter-competition, suggests that the contest is partly about clearing out municipal dead wood. “It's a strange form of dumping,” he tells CityLab. “They've found a way to get rid of their most complicated sites, the ones they don't have any ideas about. The competition comes across as a way of getting money fast by offloading difficult plots.”
This actually sounds like a smart move: using the architectural hive mind to brainstorm what to do with old garages, then skimming a little extra money for state coffers off the top. The problem with this approach is that it's inherently exploitative of smaller firms on the make. Like many architectural competitions, the contest demands large amounts of unpaid work from architectural practices only to frequently end up awarding contracts to the usual suspects. Yann Legouis suggests that this cosy closed-shop attitude typifies much official procurement in France.
“They call for proposals, but in the end the authorities go for exactly the same 10 or 20 major companies who tend to monopolize public commissions in France,” Legouis says. “It's not that these companies are necessarily bad, but they're not innovative either.” Something like this happened in Reinvent Paris' first round, where hundreds of architectural practices were encouraged to jump through an unusually arduous, expensive series of hoops only to see the same familiar names repeated on the winners' sheet. So Dominique Pérrault Architects, already charged with creating a major official makeover for the Île de la Cité, was part of the team awarded the contract for two of the 23 first-round winners. Three further winning projects involve the Compagnie de Phalsbourg (also currently constructing two new Studio Libeskind buildings in France), a developer whose projects are developing a local name for tokenistic greenwashing. Reinvent Paris 2 has the potential to show other cities how difficult sites can be reused effectively. If it's truly going to become the beacon it seeks to be, however, it will need to create a procurement process that is less exploitative, more open—and more genuinely innovative.
Use this series of tables to come up with random potions! You can use this as a DM to describe an unidentified magic potion that you give your players. As a player, you can use this when you create potions as a spellcaster or someone proficient in Alchemist's Tools. Use this with the Alchemy Profession Guide!
image credit: Vera Velichko
Potion Vessel
Every potion has to be held in something! Roll on the following tables to generate a container for your potion including its material, shape, and its seal or stopper.
Potion Vessel Shape
Potion Vessel Material
Potion Seal/Stopper
image credit: Zoltan Boros and Gabor Szikszai
Potion Description
Roll on the following tables to create a random liquid! If you want your potion to be identifiable, try adding a telling ingredient to float in the potion. For instance, a Giant's Strength potion can have a giant's toe inside, while a Potion of Fly might have an angel's feather within. A healing potion might have some medicinal herbs floating inside.
Potion Color
Potion Smell
Potion Taste
How it's Made
Randomly describe how to create the potion. Roll twice or more on the Ingredients table. Then roll once for each ingredient beyond the first on the Alchemical Processes table to determine how each ingredient is added to the first ingredient. It might be mixed in a special way or treated in a unique way before it's added.
I should note this is for D&D fluff and narration and is not based in science. Dissolving Aqua Fortis and Mercury in alcohol will not make a healing potion so do not drink it!
Ingredients
Alchemical Process
Potion Effects
There are many existing potions, but I feel like a lot of existing spells could be made into potions. So, I added some. I based them loosely on spell scrolls but tried to move the better ones to higher rarities because potions are objectively better than scrolls (anyone can drink a potion, only casters can use scrolls).
If you roll for a potion randomly as part of a treasure hoard, be sure it's of an appropriate rarity for the players.
Opera News, 76 years old and one of the leading classical music magazines in the country, said on Monday that it would stop reviewing the Metropolitan Opera , a policy prompted by the Met's dissatisfaction over negative critiques.
The decision by the magazine, which is published by a Met fund-raising affiliate, the Metropolitan Opera Guild, and which freely reviews companies around the world, troubles some opera experts. It is also the latest sign of sensitivity from the Met under its general manager, Peter Gelb , in the face of criticism over its productions. The move came after a review in April took aim at the Met's new production of Wagner's “Ring” cycle — a hallmark of Mr. Gelb's tenure that has led to a firestorm — and after a top Opera News editor criticized the Met's direction in a scathing essay in the May issue.
Mr. Gelb said in an interview on Monday that the decision was made “in collaboration with the guild” but that he never liked the idea that an organization created to support the Met had a publication passing judgment on its productions. Worse yet, he said, is a publication that “continuously rips into” an institution that its parent is supposed to help.
Last month Mr. Gelb protested to WQXR over a blog posting that called his leadership into question. It was immediately pulled. Last year the Met asked a blogger to stop revealing programming choices for future seasons before the official announcement. The blogger complied.
Photo
The newest subject of wrath is Opera News. Citing a circulation of 100,000, the largest for a classical music magazine in the country, it provides information on Met casts and broadcasts and glossy profiles of star singers. Along with features on other opera houses, performers of past eras and festivals, it also publishes critiques of performances around the world by knowledgeable and respected reviewers. They have included professional musicians, academics and local newspaper critics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“As of the June 2012 issue, Opera News is not reviewing Metropolitan Opera productions,” F. Paul Driscoll, the magazine's editor-in-chief, said in a terse telephone interview. He declined to elaborate but acknowledged that no other opera company had been banished from its pages.
The quality of sell-side research has been in decline for years. Senior analysts have departed the industry while banks stretch existing resources in an attempt to maintain coverage. This has resulted in a “maintenance research” model, focused on superficial commentary around quarterly results and a bias towards encouraging trading activity.
StockViews is committed to the production of high-quality, differentiated and independent research. Every research note is evaluated through a scorecard that measures 16 data points across 4 categories (depth of research, scope of research, explanation of thesis and value to investors). Supporting financial models are constructed according to a consistent framework (based on McKinsey valuation methodology) with assumptions and mechanics clearly laid out. Our process is engineered to deliver an investment thesis that is differentiated, actionable and fully substantiated by in-depth analysis.
The Pistons were supposedly a beatable opponent for the cellar-dwelling Cavs (8-45), still winless since Dec. 18 and now losers of a hard-to-imagine 36 of 37.
Instead, Cleveland's season slipped further into shame.
"Everybody's mad as hell," guard Daniel Gibson said when told of his coach's surly mood. "To lose like that and for it to get to this point and still sometimes not see a sense of urgency, I can see why it would push you to that point. What are you going to do? It's either do it or don't.
"The guys have to figure that out."
The Cavs' next chance to end the slide will be Friday against the Los Angeles Clippers. After that comes a home game against the road-winless Washington Wizards on Sunday.
"Something has to give when they play the Wizards," said two-time reigning NBA MVP LeBron James, whose departure from Cleveland for Miami has led to the Cavs' stunning collapse in their first season without him, on Tuesday night after the Heat beat Indiana at home. "I think that should be a nationally televised game, honestly."
Rodney Stuckey scored 22 to pace the Pistons, who didn't want to be remembered as the team that let the Cavs get off the mat. Detroit's players said they were motivated by ESPN analyst Tim Legler, who predicted Cleveland would end its streak against the Pistons.
"You don't want to be the team that loses to them," Tracy McGrady said. "Tim Legler, we heard you. You gave us some bulletin board material. We used that."
Like James, McGrady is looking forward to seeing the Cavs-Wizards tilt.
"As crazy as it sounds, I want to see them and Washington play," McGrady said. "I don't wish anyone to have a bad losing streak, but I want them to get to Washington, 0-and-whatever they could be, and see whose streak ends. That would be something that would be interesting to watch."
The Cavs and their fans had hoped this was the night this streak, that has stretched through the holidays, the NFL playoffs and almost two months, stopped.
Cleveland had played well in its previous four games, losing by a combined 21 points and actually came into the matchup favored to beat Detroit, which was playing its second straight after hosting the league-leading San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday.
But the Cavs fell into a 12-point hole at half, and although they pulled within three in the third, they fell apart early in the fourth. Only some late buckets in garbage time made the score respectable.
When the final horn sounded, Cleveland's fans didn't bother booing as the Cavs dropped their heads and walked dejectedly to the locker room.
"Well, one of these days," one fan climbing the stairs mumbled as he left.
Scott, who has remained publicly stoic during the streak, didn't mince words afterward. He confronted his players about their poor showing.
"We got all professional basketball players in there and at some point in time you have to have some pride in what you're doing. Tonight, we didn't come out with that pride. We came out just going thought the motions like we were going to win the game no matter what they did. They played last night and I thought it looked like we played last night.
"Everybody's got to go home and take a good, hard look in the mirror.
"Don't point fingers. Look at yourself first."
There had been so many encouraging signs lately for the Cavs. They fell 99-96 on Monday in Dallas, when they failed to execute in the closing seconds and set a new league mark for consecutive losses over one and two seasons. Scott was heartened by his young team's effort against the Mavericks, and with eight straight home games ahead, the time seemed right for Cleveland to get back in the win column.
Not yet.
The Pistons built an 11-point lead after three and never let Cleveland get going in the fourth.
Will Bynum scored 17 and Charlie Villanueva 13 for Detroit, which played without guard Rip Hamilton. He sat out with a strained right groin.
Antawn Jamison scored 20 of his 22 points in the second half for Cleveland. J.J. Hickson scored 18 with 15 rebounds, but the Cavs got just 17 points from their bench.
Scott maintains he has no regrets about taking the Cleveland job, which he accepted not knowing if James would re-sign. After hearing him asked about the decision so many times lately, Scott's wife, Anita, asked her husband if he laments coming to Cleveland.
"No," he told her.
He's being tested by a streak that won't end.
"The thing I focus on is guys getting better," he said. "I thought the last week guys got better each game and tonight I thought we took a gigantic step backwards. We had no sense of urgency whatsoever and that kind of amazes me. When we've lost as many in a row as we lost and when you've been as close as we've been in the last four or five games and to be at home and come out the way we came out -- that amazes me."
Game notes
There's help on the way for the Cavs. G Mo Williams (hip) and F Leon Powe (knee) will practice again on Thursday and could be playing in games before next week's All-Star break. Scott will wait until Williams returns to action before deciding whether he'll start or come off the bench. ... Pistons coach John Kuester spent three playoff seasons as an assistant on Cleveland's staff (2007-09) and is sorry to see the Cavs fall on hard times. "You never want to see any former organization you worked for go through what they have," he said. "Their guys have played hard. That's the important thing."
Sir David Attenborough holding a hadrocodium fossil. (Smithsonian Channel)
Once, Sir David Attenborough said he would retire from making nature documentaries when he turned 80. Well, that never happened. Attenborough turned 89 on Friday, still lending his legendary eye and voice to the incomparable programs he's made for decades. He doesn't plan to stop anytime soon.
"You'd be amazed at how much we have failed to show," the famed British TV explorer told The Washington Post last week. "The natural world is hugely varied with a vast number of species. And we will always find something new to show you."
His newest documentary, "David Attenborough's Rise of Animals: Triumph of the Vertebrates," tells the story of how vertebrates — including humans — came to be the way they are. It features some spectacular recent fossil finds that fill what Attenborough refers to as the "tantalizing gaps" of evolutionary history. It's the sort of stuff fossil nerds, Attenborough included, could spend a lifetime hoping to glimpse up close.
"David Attenborough's Rise of Animals: Triumph of the Vertebrates" will be broadcast on the Smithsonian Channel in two parts, beginning May 13 at 8 p.m.
If you're unfamiliar with Attenborough, walk right over to the nearest science lover you know and ask them. They will probably tell you, depending on age, that they wish David Attenborough was their grandfather.
The day before his birthday, Attenborough -- who was knighted 30 years ago -- sat down with The Post at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History to discuss his newest project and his 60-year career as arguably the most well-respected and best-known nature documentarian alive.
This interview has been edited and condensed for length and clarity.
On his favorite fossils at the Smithsonian
It's nonstop. I suppose that really, for a European, the thing that really knocks you out here is the abundance of dinosaur stuff you have. In fact, dinosaurs were first discovered in Britain, but the really big spectacular dinosaurs were found here. It's just great to see the real things. Only too often in Europe we've put up with casts, with plaster copies. But to see the real things here is great.
[Newly discovered dinosaur, Dreadnoughtus, takes title of the largest terrestrial animal]
Why he chose to tell the story of the vertebrates
It's one of the great stories that anybody can tell, is it not? The beginning of life, a thousand million years ago. And visible life 500 million years ago. It is one of the most extraordinary, detailed and wonderful and amazing stories you can think of. And we now understand more about it than we ever did.
It is a great story, it's a great detective story.
David Attenborough's "Rise of Animals: Triumph Of The Vertebrates" (Showtime)
The new frontiers of research in Chinese fossil beds
We've only understood the motives, the drivers to this story within the last few decades. And certainly the links in this chain of developments, there've been a number that were very hard to find or missing altogether, we didn't understand how this moved to that and so on. And marvelously enough, it so happened that the missing links that were missing from European and American discoveries, the answers were found in China. For a long time it wasn't possible to go and see these things. And now it is.
The most dramatic of course, are the discoveries of dinosaurs with feathers. There was an argument in the world for decades, a really passionate — and I was going to say venomous — a very powerful argument between the experts as to what the origin of the dinosaurs were, and as to what the origin of birds more particularly were. And of course the answer is in China. To have the privilege of looking at these extraordinary fossils with feathers absolutely preserved was really thrilling.
[Which dinosaurs survived? The ones that shrank the fastest.]
The privilege of going to the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology in Beijing was that they've got dozens of them. And I was saying "Oh look at that!” and they were saying, "You wait, we'll show you this!" It was very exciting.
How to show wonder in a world with an abundance of information available about the natural world
[the reporter gives the example of a YouTube clip showing the lyrebird's call]
I think they are so wonderful, the lyrebird. Seeing the lyrebird once is an amazement. But you don't exhaust the pleasure of seeing a lyrebird by seeing it once. Or indeed a dozen times. You can just see it over and over again.
You'd be amazed at how much we have failed to show. The natural world is hugely varied with a vast number of species. And we will always find something new to show you
For example, I'm doing a commentary on a film that the BBC made of a little puffer fish in Japan that creates, that builds in the soft sand in the mud of a shallow bay in Japan, a huge design like a chrysanthemum but three meters — six feet, nine feet across. This tiny little thing beavers away. And you look down at the sea and you cannot believe that there's this chrysanthemum in the sand. Nobody'd ever seen it before. No scientist had seen it before. We heard about it from a Japanese diver who was wondering what on Earth it was. It's just mind-blowing.
[Newly discovered dinosaur, Dreadnoughtus, takes title of the largest terrestrial animal]
The persistence of a debate about the theory of evolution
BBC's David Attenborough shares his thoughts on evolution and the "overwhelming evidence" regarding climate change. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
Of course, if you're a scientist, if you believe material evidence, and you ask for material evidence to support every statement you make, that's what science is about. And you get one answer. If you think that that's irrelevant, and actually, I can just think about it and imagine it, then you get a different kind of answer.
Philosophers and religious people accept the writings and teachings and beliefs of people who have thought about the idea without seeking the material evidence for it.
[Happy Darwin Day! Here are our favorite stories about evolution]
On whether that debate could be reconciled
I personally see no conflict between the idea that there might be a creator, an omnipotent creator spirit, that created this world, and chose to do it by allowing things to evolve in the way that they have. That doesn't seem to me to be blasphemous, or indeed necessarily irreligious. In fact, it has nothing to do with it. There is the evidence, and if you believe God wanted to go that way that's fine, and if you don't, that's fine. But the evidence that it went that way is irrefutable.
On why he has increasingly incorporated climate change into his natural history documentaries over the past decade
Well. I come from the BBC, and the BBC doesn't allow people unless it's made very evident — we don't grind axes. We don't propagandize. And when you're talking about a very, very important thing like that, opinion is, if it's going to be opinion, has to be seen as opinion. Usually if there's going to be an opinion there will be a contrary opinion. So you have to be very careful.
I didn't come out, as it were, on television about the reality of climate change until the evidence was absolutely overwhelming and there would be no serious scientist who would argue about the evidence.
You can argue about the interpretation of the evidence, sure. But the evidence now and has been for a decade or so incontrovertible that the climate is changing. There was an argument 10 years ago as to what degree humanity contributed to that change or drove that change. Even that has now been pretty well solved.
[What will happen after people stop ignoring the evidence on climate change]
Which places he's visited over the years have changed the most
I go to places where wildlife is and not where it's not. Occasionally I have made programs where we are concerned with what humanity is doing to the planet. And then I go back to places where I knew maybe 20 to 30 years ago. I was recently in Borneo, for example, making a film about the evolution of flight.
And we were traveling along the Kinabatangan River, which is one of the big tropical rivers there, and looking at it for the river it was just as wonderful as it ever was, you know, with a complex tangle of trees growing, a luxuriant tropical forest. But after that I had to travel and we traveled by helicopter.
You suddenly saw that the forest was half a mile, a mile at most, wide. And beyond it, stretching as far as the eye can see, were regimented rows of oil palm. Vast plantations of oil palm. And of course, it is a desperately sad site. But people are then unkind to say how terrible the government of Borneo is. How did they allow this?
Well the answer is that oil palm is grown in that quantity because there are a lot of hungry people in the world.
And if they don't do that, they're going to starve. So what is your choice? Well, the choice actually is to try and slow down the increase and the rate of increase in the human population.
How he chooses which violent scenes from nature — a lion hunting an antelope, for instance — to show and which to leave on the cutting room floor for his documentaries
You have a responsibility to make sure that the end of whatever passage of the film where you're showing that sort of thing, that the audience ends up with a proper appreciation of what the reality is. If you decide that we're not going to show any animals being killed or eaten or caught, you as a filmmaker or as a scientist have to realize that's fairy stories. Animals are eaten. It would be improper to pretend that they just went to sleep or disappeared. So you have that responsibility.
At the same time, it's easy enough just to go for cheap sensation and dwell all the time on teeth plunging into flesh and guts and blood and animals struggling and having their guts torn out of them. And an animal being killed, an antelope being killed by a lion is a very unpleasant sight, I can assure you. It would be very, very easy to make a sensational program about that.
You have the responsibility of putting it in the story, not distorting the facts, but not milking it for sensational purposes.
And matter of fact, of course, a high proportion, nearly all hunts are in fact unsuccessful. And so a high proportion of all hunts we show are also unsuccessful.
On whether he has a particular favorite species that has been named after him
To be absolutely truthful yes. Yes, there's one. As you know, scientific names have two components. There's a genus and there's a species. And there are quite a lot of species. And to have a species named after you, an Attenboroughi species, that's quite nice.
But to have a genus named after you is really something else.
BBC's David Attenborough shares his humbling story behind the genus named after him: the "Attenborosaurus." (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
And there's a family of aquatic reptiles which was given my name which is Attenborosaurus. Attenborosaurus is really something. A specimen of Attenborosaurus is in the natural history museum in London. And so I, when they changed the label, I leant nonchalantly beside this thing with the label above. People walked by and didn't take any notice at all. So that put me in my place.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The report says that happiness in Denmark spreads from members of the royal family and their friends (pictured above) to the less privileged members of society
Denmark is the world's happiest country while Burundi is the least happy, according to a new survey.
The fourth World Happiness Report also found that countries where there was less inequality were happier overall.
Switzerland, Iceland, Norway and Finland, which like Denmark have strong social security systems, made up the rest of the top five.
The US was the world's 13th happiest country, the UK was 23rd, China was 83rd and India was 118th.
Why are the Danes so happy?
Hygge: The Danish concept for happy homes
At the bottom of the 156 countries on the list was Burundi, which is experiencing severe political unrest and the threat of violence. It scored worse than Syria, where a civil war has killed more than 250,000 people over the past five years.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Burundi is one of the 10 poorest countries in the world and has been damaged by civil wars, corruption, poor access to education and the effects of HIV
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption National happiness in Greece has been undermined by continuing political and financial uncertainty
The survey found Syrians had a better healthy-life expectancy and were also seen as being more generous than Burundians and people in the three other nations - Togo, Afghanistan and Benin - making up the five least happy countries.
Northern America, Latin America and the Caribbean and Europe were the happiest regions overall.
South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa were the only regions where the average rating for wellbeing was less than five out of 10.
The report - compiled by the UN's Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN) - is an analysis of Gallup World Poll data generated from surveys of 1,000 people in each country every year for three years. They were asked to evaluate their lives on a ladder scale of zero to 10.
The researchers defined six key categories: gross domestic product (a nation's output of goods and services) per capita, social support, healthy-life expectancy, personal freedom, charitable giving and perceived corruption.
Inequality of happiness
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The US ranked 13th in the report, two spots higher than last year
The report found that people are happier living in societies where there is less inequality of happiness. Likewise it found that the bigger the gap - or inequality - in a country's happiness, the more widespread unhappiness is as a whole.
It also looked at social support - defined as being able to count on someone in difficult times - and the presence or otherwise of corruption.
"Human wellbeing should be nurtured through a holistic approach that combines economic, social and environmental objectives," Columbia University Earth Institute Director Jeffrey Sachs said in a SDSN press release.
"Rather than taking a narrow approach focused solely on economic growth, we should promote societies that are prosperous, just, and environmentally sustainable."
Points of interest from the 2016 report
For many years, the Dark Age of Donuts has cast it's shadow over Minnesota.
In 2005, the doors to the last remaining Dunkin' Donuts in our fine state closed for good and Minnesotans were left eating bagels and cold, low fat, non-doughnut breakfast foods like cereal and fruit. (Yuck.)
Krispy Kreme filled the hole in the doughnut marketplace for a few years, but they too eventually pulled up stakes in the land of 10,000 lakes, leaving Minnesota in 2008.
In that same year, hope sprang forth, as there were plans in place to open 100 Dunkin's Donuts franchises in Minnesota. Sighs of relief could be heard from Lake of the Woods to Albert Lea. But, alas, those grandiose designs failed to find fruition and doughnut lovers remained in a dark, the doughnut-less lull that would linger on longer than anyone could have imagined.
2008, 2009, 2010… When, oh, when will our state have top notch donuts again?
…2011, 2012, 2013… This lack of fine local donuts borders on the obscene!
Great news, Minnesota: After a six year long drought, our Dark Age of Donuts may finally be nearing its end in 2014.
A recent report from Star Tribune hailed the opening of an official, authentic Dunkin' Donuts inside the Kahler Grand Hotel in Rochester. This is the first of five planned storefronts in the Rochester area. It's also part of a larger expansion plan that includes Dunkin' Donuts locations in Duluth, Mankato and Minneapolis in the “years to come”, according to VP of Franchising Grant Benson.
So, for now, we have Dunkin' Donuts in Rochester. And with future plans for shops across Minnesota there is reason for optimism from donut-lovers the state over.
Also, I've heard from my coffee connoisseur-ing friends that Dunkin' makes a mean cup of joe. That's great, because between Starbucks and Caribou and the 7,000 other independent shops in the Twin Cities, I've always felt like we didn't have enough options for coffee.
Author's Note: Here is the nutrition guide for Dunkin' Donuts. Don't look at it if you plan on eating there often. Ignorance is bliss — it's also delicious.
Photos via: Wikipedia — yaybiscuits123
× Jet pilot rescued after ejecting off San Diego coast
SAN DIEGO — A civilian pilot operating a fighter jet about 100 miles off the Southern California coast safely ejected from the aircraft this afternoon and was rescued by U.S. Navy helicopter.
The pilot, who was operating a contracted Hawker Hunter fighter jet, was recovered by a helicopter that was assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 6, aboard the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt, according to the U.S. Navy's Third Fleet.
The British-made aircraft had been “providing support to the Composite Training Unit Exercise for the Theodore Roosevelt Carrier Strike Group,” according to a Third Fleet statement.
The exercise “tests a carrier strike group's mission-readiness and certifies that strike group for deployment,” according to the Navy.
The pilot was taken to Navy Medical Center San Diego for a full medical assessment, the Third Fleet reported.
The reason for the ejection was not immediately known.
Jonathan Chait makes a stirring case for a president who reflected America as it is and will be, even after the dark and destructive Republican interregnum to come
Jonathan Chait's brilliant new book, Audacity, upends the conventional wisdom of the Washington commentariat – and a surprising number of liberals – that Barack Obama's presidency was little more than eight years of disappointment and broken promises.
Trump's first 24 hours bring global protests, a dark speech and uncertainty Read more
Obama “accomplished nearly everything he set out to do”, Chait writes, before setting out a compelling case that he was one of the most successful presidents of modern times.
Audacity barely mentions the huge strides made by the LGBT community during Obama's administration, including marriage equality, the end of discrimination in the military and the appointment of 11 openly gay federal judges. But Chait, a writer for New York magazine, is quite comprehensive about the Democrat's legislative achievements.
“Obama's program has already reshaped the economy, healthcare, energy, finance and education in quantifiable ways,” Chait writes. Those ways include a record 75 straight months of job growth, a 4.7% unemployment rate, an increase of 9.7% in the incomes of the lowest 10th of American households, the lowest rate of uninsured Americans ever because of the Affordable Care Act, and the most serious reform of the financial system in 75 years through Dodd-Frank.
In one of scores of surprising statistics sprinkled throughout the book, Chait notes that before the financial crisis of 2008, “financial firms accounted for a staggering 30% of all corporate profits in the United States”.
“By 2015,” he writes, “after the reforms of Dodd-Frank, that share had fallen to 17%. The financial industry, swollen beyond any reasonable scale, has been cut down to size.”
At the end of the 21st century, the vision of American pluralism that is taught to schoolchildren will not be Trump's Jonathan Chait
While Chait thinks the Trump administration will follow the usual Republican pattern of failing to enforce regulatory laws like Dodd-Frank, Chait thinks it is unlikely to be repealed – and therefore will remain on the books to be enforced by a future Democratic president.
Chait reminds us of almost everything we have already forgotten about Obama and the economy: that Republicans began Obama's administration by opposing any stimulus, pretending that all of Franklin Roosevelt's early efforts to end the Great Depression had been failures; that even mainstream publications like the Washington Post described a proposed $800bn stimulus as “staggering”; that nearly all news outlets were obsessed with the danger of federal deficits instead of the pressing problem of huge unemployment created by the 2008 financial crisis.
Initiatives now recognized as great successes, like the rescue of the auto industry, were portrayed by rightwing analysts like Andrew Grossman of the Heritage Foundation as “a microcosm of the lawlessness that threatens our freedom and our prosperity”. Even Obama appointees like financier Steve Rattner, who led the successful effort to restructure the auto industry, warned the president that the odds that it would succeed were only “51%”.
‘The leader of all America'
Chait also recalls the extreme and relentless racial attacks on Obama by Republicans like Newt Gingrich, who said: “What if [Obama] is so outside our comprehension, that only if you understand Kenyan, anti-colonial behavior, can you begin to piece together [his actions]?”
Barack Obama address on civil rights in Selma, Alabama – full text Read more
Chait counters such offensive nonsense, writing that rather than treating the civil rights movement “as a thing apart, Obama placed it at America's historical center, weaving black America's story and the larger American narrative into an inseparable fabric”. In his speech in Selma in 2015, Obama said: “We are Lewis and Clark and Sacajawea … We're the slaves who built the White House and the economy of the South. We're the ranch hands and cowboys who opened the West.”
He portrayed “the struggle for black freedom as not merely a part of the American story but as its epitome”, Chait writes. If he had allowed himself “to be cast as a ‘civil rights leader'” he would have forfeited his ability “to be the leader of all America”.
“By fusing the civil rights story with the American story, he eliminated the contradiction.”
Contrasts with the Republican opposition to Obama – and what will come after him – are of course stark and frequent. Chait argues that in the fight against climate change, for example, “the Paris agreement represented a staggering triumph of cooperative diplomacy”.
“Only in the United States,” he continues, “does one of the two major parties question the validity of climate science. So, while presidents from Australia to Norway had to hammer out difficult negotiations with industries and fellow politicians to propose emissions targets they could live with, only Obama had to face down an opposition party that denied that dumping unlimited carbon into the atmosphere amounted to a problem.”
Chait did some impressive last-minute rewriting after the surprise presidential election result, and he does a fine job of describing the importance of racism to Donald Trump's success. He also believes Hillary Clinton's loss “reflected the unusual construction of the electoral college … Trump's aging supporters were disproportionately clustered in battleground states, allowing him to prevail despite her clear win in the national vote.”
If we can survive the next four years of Republican rule, Chait says, Trump's success will ultimately be viewed as a pyrrhic victory for his party – and it is Obama's legacy that will prevail.
“The triumph of a blustering, cartoonishly dishonest and manifestly anti-intellectual candidate was a forceful display of the [Republican] party's retreat from seriousness,” he writes. “[Trump's] ideas did not represent the future of the country envisioned by most Americans, and especially not the youngest ones who would have the most to say about that future.
“He was a deadly death rattle, a polarizing and even loathed figure … At the end of the 21st century, the vision of American pluralism that is taught to American schoolchildren will not be Trump's.
“It will be Obama's.”
Raised on the mean streets of Watts and East Oakland, Rodney Smith learned early on to stand up for himself. More recently, as a Bay Area union leader and Teamsters organizer, he's also gotten pretty good at fighting for others.
“I guess it just comes natural to me,” said Smith, 49, who led a highly publicized union campaign with Facebook shuttle drivers demanding better wages and working conditions. “Some people don't know how to stand up for what they believe,” he said. “So they need people like me to stand up for them.”
As a union organizer for Teamsters Local 853 based in San Leandro, Smith played a key role in winning the drivers their first union contract. In the process, the father of two helped pull off a precedent-setting vote that targets the growing income gap in Silicon Valley.
We spoke with Smith about his background and his union work. His comments have been edited for clarity and space.
Q Where did you grow up?
A day I finished sixth grade, my mother took my sister, my brothers and me to Oakland. I was born in L.A. but there was a lot of gang activity in the projects we lived in that my mom wanted to try to shelter us from. My father wasn't around.
Q Did you feel safer in Oakland?
A did. I'd come from the Gardena projects, where gangs were becoming more and more notorious. My neighborhood in East Oakland had groups of kids doing stuff, but the gangs weren't as bad as they'd been in L.A. I've always been sociable, so I made friends quickly, first in the neighborhood on 94th, then at Elmhurst Elementary, where I was voted “Most Popular” and then ran for class vice president in seventh grade.
Q What came next?
A mom passed away in 1987 from an illness; that was a hard time in my life, and I was sort of a wanderer, going in a direction she had been trying so hard to help us avoid. I went down a couple of wrong paths but then moved to Fairfield with my aunt, because she thought if I stayed in Oakland I'd get into more trouble. I stayed with her about a year, then moved back to Oakland and started working for Coca-Cola in Union City where I started as a merchandiser. That was my first union job.
Q Is that when you first took on a role as a union activist?
A Yes. I was pretty involved in the union and I upset some of the managers, mostly because I was simply trying to enforce the contract for others who couldn't stand up for themselves. I left there and got my commercial drivers license, drove for 7Up for two years and then an old manager at Coke wanted me to come back because he liked me and knew I could get the job done. So I started driving for Coke.
Q Fast-forward to 2011, when you get a job working directly for the Teamsters. How did that happen?
A started working at the Teamsters office as an organizer. I'd come from the soft-drink and brewery industry as a driver, and I'd always been a leader and pretty outspoken. I lost several jobs because of that, but then the union offered me a position as organizer and I accepted.
Q What do you do for the union?
A job is to attempt to organize the unorganized, to educate workers to help drive up wage standards, even if they don't end up joining the union. I try to help them get more money and a better health care package. My primary function is to help make a difference in their work conditions. Once they reach out to us, I broker a meeting with the workers and tell them what they might expect from their employer once they start talking about unionizing, about union dues and strikes. Eventually, we'll get them to election day when they can vote on whether or not to join the union. Of those I've met with, the majority of the time we do get to an election. And I'm now 9-and-3, which means of the people who've reached out to us, we've won nine elections and lost three.
Q The election and union contract you helped the Facebook shuttle drivers with set a real precedent here in Silicon Valley, where tech companies make huge profits while many of the service industry workers that support them can barely afford to survive in the Bay Area on what they make.
A'd helped organize school bus drivers in Oakland as well as dairy drivers and warehouse workers. In early 2014, the Facebook drivers called us to talk. The next day, two colleagues and I went out there and passed out fliers. The following day, their employer gave everyone an 80-cent hourly raise. The drivers thought that was great, but I said it's not going to last, because it's not in a contract. By the summer, they called back and said their routes had been cut back and they had to pay more for health care and in the end they were really losing.
Q And then what?
A held numerous meetings with the drivers, and then last November they had an election and voted 48 to 23 to join the Teamsters. This was the first group of tech company drivers to organize, but it set a precedent in Silicon Valley for the transportation industry. Because we've since had drivers for eBay, Apple, Genentech and others calling us to meet.
Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689; follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is heading to Germany this week on his first trip abroad as America's top diplomat, the State Department said Tuesday.
Tillerson departs on Wednesday for a meeting of foreign ministers from the Group of 20 world powers in Bonn on Thursday and Friday amid disarray in the Trump administration's national security team and European concerns over U.S. priorities on the continent as well as its commitments to NATO and other international organizations.
The State Department said that in addition to participating in large G-20 sessions, Tillerson will also meet separately with counterparts from Britain, Saudi Arabia and Oman and participate in talks on Syria and Yemen. Additional meetings are also expected, although the department would not confirm a widely anticipated meeting between Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
Tillerson, who hopes to calm nervousness about the Trump administration's policies, will have his work cut out for him as he will almost certainly face questions about the abrupt resignation of Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's national security adviser. Flynn stepped down Monday for misleading White House officials about the substance of conversations he had with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
The G-20 are Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, France, Britain, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Canada, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Turkey, the U.S. and European Union.
The ground beneath her neighborhood in the hills — near the airport and the upgraded, shimmering border fence patrolled 24/7 by American agents — has been punched full of holes for years. Almost every kind of building has been used to hide a logistical operation that is as much about the American taste for a high as it is about the low-down removal of dirt.
Just a few weeks ago, below a more rudimentary warehouse nearby, the authorities found a different tunnel with an elaborate ventilation system. A few blocks from that, there sits an empty flophouse, where thick concrete now caps a passageway discovered by the authorities last year. Farther east, residents note a tunnel found in 2008, and just past the next major intersection, there are two more: one under a small home and the other below a bodega across from a factory.
Other tunnels have been found downtown, near the main border crossing. Wherever there is a border fence climbing high, there seems to have been an attempt to burrow below, usually to a parking lot in California where drugs can be hauled through a manhole cover, or to a business that almost looks legitimate.
Photo
In the latest case, the tunnel ran to Hernandez Produce Warehouse, a fruit and vegetable company in California whose only product seemed to be green and best when smoked.
Luis Ituarte, 69, an artist who runs a gallery here called La Casa del Túnel — where a tunnel was found about decade ago — said that Tijuana officials would be smart to move beyond publicizing their subterranean finds and then shutting them down. He argued that Tijuana should capitalize on its historic identity as a city that has been serving up vice since 1907, when President Porfirio Díaz legalized gambling, or 1920, when the United States made alcohol illegal.
“Las Vegas, Tijuana and Havana were all built by the same kind of people,” Mr. Ituarte said. “Only Vegas has taken on its bad reputation.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Not that this is the direction things are heading. The mayor here recently rejected demands from cultural groups asking to take over La Ocho, a notorious prison that had been decommissioned.
Mexican Army officials, during a tour of this week's elaborate tunnel, mostly focused on the triumph of the discovery.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“These are achievements that increase public security,” said Gen. Gilberto Landeros, standing at the tunnel entrance as local reporters took snapshots of one another in front of the long, dim hole. “We're pounding at the economy of narcotrafficking.”
At the very least, he had a lot of marijuana to point to. Hefty bricks of the stuff, wrapped tightly in orange and green plastic, surrounded him when he announced the discovery of the tunnel inside the empty warehouse here in Tijuana. The total haul, from both sides and a truck driven from the site in San Diego, was 32.4 tons, with a street value of about $65 million — a new record for a tunnel-related seizure, according to American officials.
Harder to see, unmentioned, but easy to imagine: how many tons moved across before that load was found.
The evidence around the tunnel — worn-out soccer cleats, dusty oscillating fans, empty water bottles — suggested that the operation had been going for months, a supposition Mexican officials did not deny. At that rate, hundreds of tons of marijuana worth hundreds of millions of dollars would have moved through this one tunnel during its life span.
Most likely somewhere nearby, in another tunnel, the flow continues. The next announcement and news tour may be only weeks away.
Jambulingam Street, Chennai, is a local legend. The tar road in the bustling Nungambakkam area has weathered a major flood, several monsoons, recurring heat waves and a steady stream of cars, trucks and auto rickshaws without showing the usual signs of wear and tear. Built in 2002, it has not developed the mosaic of cracks, potholes or craters that typically make their appearance after it rains. Holding the road together is an unremarkable material: a cheap, polymer glue made from shredded waste plastic.
Can incineration and landfills save us from the recycling crisis? Read more
Jambulingam Street was one of India's first plastic roads . The environmentally conscious approach to road construction was developed in India around 15 years ago in response to the growing problem of plastic litter. As time wore on, polymer roads proved to be surprisingly durable, winning support among scientists and policymakers in India as well as neighboring countries like Bhutan. “The plastic tar roads have not developed any potholes, rutting, raveling or edge flaw, even though these roads are more than four years of age,” observed an early performance report by India's Central Pollution Control Board. Today, there are more than 21,000 miles of plastic road in India, and roughly half are in the southern state of Tamil Nadu. Most are rural roads, but a small number have also been built in cities such as Chennai and Mumbai.
Adding flexible materials to strengthen tar roads is not a new idea. Commercially made polymer-modified asphalts first became popular in the 1970s in Europe. Now, North America claims 35% of the global market. Modified asphalts are made from virgin polymers and sometimes crumb rubber (ground tires). They are highly versatile: Illinois uses them to build high-traffic truck roads, Washington State uses them for noise reduction and in rural Ontario they are used to preventing roads from cracking after a harsh winter. Polymerized asphalts also tend not to buckle in extreme heat the way conventional roads do – plastic roads will not melt unless the temperature goes beyond 66C (150F), compared to 50.2C (122.5F) for ordinary roads – and are frequently used on roads in the Middle East.
But even in the US, cost is a significant barrier. The most widely used polymer, styrene-butadiene-styrene, can increase the price of a road by 30-50%. In India, high-stress roads like runways and expressways are increasingly using polymer modified asphalts made by manufacturers like DuPont.
While polymer roads in the US are made with asphalt that comes pre-mixed with a polymer, plastic tar roads are a frugal invention, made with a discarded, low-grade polymer. Every kilometer of this kind of road uses the equivalent of 1m plastic bags, saving around one tonne of asphalt and costing roughly 8% less than a conventional road. Dr R Vasudevan, a chemistry professor and dean at the Thiagarajar College of Engineering in Madurai, came up with the idea through trial and error, sprinkling shredded plastic waste over hot gravel and coating the stones in a thin film of plastic. He then added the plastic-coated stones to molten tar, or asphalt. Plastic and tar bond well together because both are petroleum products. The process was patented in 2006.
Dr R Vasudevan, a chemistry professor and dean at the Thiagarajar College of Engineering in Madurai. Photograph: Sribala Subramanian
A modified version of the road which adds road scrap to plastic-coated gravel was tested out in March this year on a highway connecting Chennai with Villupuram. It was the first time plastic road technology was used for a national highway. It is expected to reduce construction costs by 50%.
Dr Vasudevan's lab contains all the raw materials he needs to make a plastic road: shredders, a gas cylinder, a wok – and a pile of garbage. “This is my raw material,” Vasudevan says, pointing to a small pile of bags, plastic cups and foam packaging. These materials are the dregs of the plastic world, worthless even to rag pickers who cannot recycle them. Vasudevan melts shredded plastic over low heat to avoid emissions. Polystyrene is toxic when burned but, when softened, it makes an excellent pothole filler.
In India, plastic roads serve as a ready-made landfill for a certain kind of ubiquitous urban trash. Flimsy, single-use items like shopping bags and foam packaging are the ideal raw material. Impossible to recycle, they are a menace, hogging space in garbage dumps, clogging city drains and even poisoning the air. Delhi's air, in particular, has been called a “toxic pollutant punchbowl” partly due to contaminants from plastic-fueled street bonfires.
However, urban plastic roads are still a rarity in India. Chennai was an early adopter of the technology, building its plastic roads from waste materials donated by the public. One satellite town even offered a gram of gold as an incentive for citizens to collect discarded plastic bags in 2012. But a year later, the plan was abandoned, because the city could not produce enough shredded plastic waste. It was also rumored that influential road builders, threatened by the prospect of pothole-free roads, had scuttled the project. Late last year, the mayor of Chennai announced the plastic road project was being revived, triggered in part by the devastation to Chennai's roads after the floods of 2015.
Last November, the Indian government announced that plastic roads would be the default method of construction for most city streets, part of a multibillion-dollar overhaul of the country's roads and highways. Urban areas with more than 500,000 people are now required to construct roads using waste plastic. The project even has the blessing of India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, who has made “Swachh Bharat” (which translates to “Clean India”) a kind of personal crusade.
India's road upgrade is long overdue. A recent road safety report by the World Health Organization (WHO) found that 17% of the world's traffic fatalities occur in India, with crumbling roads partly responsible for the high death toll. In 2014, potholes alone caused more than 3000 deaths. According to the latest budget released by the Indian government, more roads projects were greenlit in 2015 than in previous years.
With so many projects underway, the Indian government is looking to a range of alternative materials to lower costs. The Delhi-Meerut Expressway, for example, which is currently under construction, may use unsegregated trash from one of the capital's overflowing landfills to build its base and embankments. In an interview with the Times of India, India's roads minister Nitin Gadkari said: “Delhi will get rid of these mounds and we will get the material for laying base with little expense.”
Gearing up: how Taipei's bike-sharing program is transforming citizens' commute Read more
The reintroduction of plastics into the environment is not entirely without consequence. Old roads or poorly built ones are likely to shed plastic fragments into the soil and eventually waterways when they deteriorate as a result of photodegradation, which causes plastics to break down when exposed to environmental factors such as light and heat.
These minute plastic particles called microplastics act like magnets for pollutants like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and can have an impact on their surroundings. “Once in the soil, these particles may persist, accumulate, and eventually reach levels that can affect the functioning and biodiversity of the soil,” writes Matthias C Rillig, a professor of plant and soil ecology at Freie Universität Berlin.
In the short run, the bigger challenge for plastic roads is execution. They require a hefty dose of government intervention to succeed. Tamil Nadu was the first state in India to actively develop a cottage industry around shredded plastic. Most plastic shredders are women who buy subsidized shredding machines and sell their finished product for a small profit. Job creation for waste pickers and small entrepreneurs is an added benefit of the roads – a point not lost on India's prime minister.
Nusli Wadia is an Indian-born British Parsi businessman, entrepreneur and the chairman of the Wadia Group. He is a part of the prominent business Wadia family, through his father Neville, and the politically important Jinnah family, through his mother Dina. He is the grandson of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.[3] Wadia is often named in the list of India's most successful and rich businessmen, and is one of the Parsi community's most prominent and influential businessmen.[2]
Personal life [ edit ]
Nusli was born into a Parsi family in Bombay, Maharashtra, India. He is the son of businessman Neville Wadia and Dina Wadia. His maternal grandfather Muhammad Ali Jinnah was the founder of Pakistan, while, his maternal grandmother, Rattanbai Petit was born into two of the elite Parsi families of India, the Petit—Tata family. Nusli is the direct and only descendent of Jinnah and his family. His grandaunt, Fatima Jinnah, was an important figure in the independent Pakistan movement. Though he was born in India, Nusli's father obtained a British passport for him for the convenience of travel.[1]
He is married to Maureen Wadia, a former air hostess, who heads Gladrags magazine and is one of the forces behind the Mrs. India beauty pageant. They have two sons: Ness Wadia and Jehangir Wadia.[4]
In 2004, Wadia accompanied his mother Dina and sons Ness and Jehangir, on a visit to Pakistan, during which he visited the mausoleum of his grandfather Muhammad Ali Jinnah, and grandaunt Fatima Jinnah in Karachi.[5]
References [ edit ]
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Read Mother Jones reporter Shane Bauer's firsthand account of his four months spent working as a guard at a corporate-run prison in Louisiana.
One of the best parts of my job at Mother Jones is teaming up with colleagues to shoot and produce video for our investigations. In March 2015, I traveled to Louisiana to work with Shane Bauer, a reporter who was in his fourth month as a guard at Winn Correctional Center, a medium-security private prison operated by the Corrections Corporation of America (CCA).
It was Friday the 13th, around 7:45 p.m. The night was warm and overcast when I set out to collect “B-roll” of the prison, a 20-minute drive from Winnfield, the nearest town. Between the prison and the Kisatchie National Forest was a wide, unfenced field. I didn't know it at the time, but it was prison property. I walked into this open field with a telephoto lens, intending to get a shot of Winn from about 1,000 feet away.
Then I stepped deep in mud. I used my iPhone flashlight to check out the muck. About two minutes later I saw searchlights coming from the direction of the prison. I walked back to my rental car parked on the side of the road. A powerful light swept the trees, emanating from a prison patrol vehicle that pulled up about 150 feet behind me. I called out “Hello? Hello?” and waited for an answer. When no one addressed me, I got into my car and drove away.
I wound my SUV back through the dark forest—and straight into several police cars and prison vehicles blocking the road outside Winn. I stepped out of the car and was surrounded by three sheriff's deputies and five or six men dressed in black from head to toe. I saw their faces as they passed in and out of the light from their headlights and flashers. Shane had told me about them: They were members of the prison's Special Operations Response Team (SORT), the tactical squad called in to restore order when things got out of hand.
I handed over my Australian driver's license. In my panic, I told the cops I'd stopped to go to the bathroom beside the road. I quickly realized things were getting serious, and I told them I was a photographer working in the area.
The cops and guards were amped up. They talked about the threat of ISIS and the possibility that I was an actual terrorist.
Police body camera footage that I later obtained captured part of my arrest (and gloriously, for a videographer, from two angles). “What kind of pictures you got there?” asked the main arresting officer, Winn Parish deputy Kelly Fannin, a paunchy man with a white mustache.
“They're my pictures,” I replied. I knew they probably couldn't look at the images on my cameras or memory cards without a search warrant. I don't remember acting this defiant at the time, but there it is, on video. Still, I wore a worried grin on my face and I sounded scared.
“Now, wait a minute. Let me explain something: What you took here don't belong to you,” Fannin said, stabbing the air with his finger. “When you come here in this country, when you get around a prison, you don't fuck around, okay?”
With my camera gear now strewn on the road by the SORT officers, my profession seemed obvious. But the cops and guards were amped up like I was a big catch. I heard them talking repeatedly about the threat of ISIS and the possibility that I was an actual terrorist. “An Australian with a Texas license plate in Louisiana runs some red flags,” Winn Parish Sheriff Cranford Jordan later joked to CNNMoney.
Fannin demanded my camera's memory card. His temper was rising: “Let's have it.”
“No, sir, I'm not going to show you that,” I said.
“I will take everything you've got!” he said.
I reached down to grab my camera from the pile of gear, setting off a bout of tussling and yelling. “Whoa, come here!” Fannin grabbed my arm in a stiff grip.
“You can't take my camera,” I protested. “I know that.” The cops said they would get a search warrant. But, Fannin warned, “If you don't want to give it to me, I will take it. It's just that simple.”
“Do you want me to charge you for going on that property?” he continued. “And put you in jail tonight and show you what a jail is?”
“I mean, no sir, I do not want that,” I replied.
Going through my gear, the officers pulled out an aerial drone I'd brought along—a discovery that ratcheted up the tension even more. Never mind that it was broken and I was planning to return it to Amazon.
Deputy Tommy Chandler told me to “go ahead and turn and put your hands behind your back.”
“I'm cooperating,” I said.
Bodycam footage shows a prison guard scrolling through the contents of my camera while sheriffs' deputies looked on.
“No, you ain't,” he shot back.
After a Miranda warning, I was put in the back seat of a patrol car next to a police dog in a cage. The door slammed.
The deputies' body cameras continued to roll after I was taken into custody. “We'll just book him for trespassing,” one said. “I know what it was: He was out here looking for kangaroos!”
“Apparently they've got different laws over there in New South Wales, Australia,” an officer can be heard saying. “Welcome to the Free State of Winn!”
The footage also shows one of the prison's SORT members scrolling through the contents of my camera, without a warrant, while the deputies looked on. The Winn Parish sheriff later said he was “not aware” of anyone searching my belongings; his office declined to comment further for this article. CCA's spokesman said that the company was “not aware of the camera footage or what it contains.” Yet months later, Winn's former assistant chief of security emailed Shane what looked like a photo of a screen showing an image of him. The image's geolocation data suggested it had been created on the premises of the sheriff's office. There's only one place the original image of Shane could have come from: my memory card, which contained a video of him that I'd made shortly before my arrest.
I arrived at the Winnfield jail sometime around 10pm. I was charged with simple criminal trespass, a misdemeanor. (In Louisiana you can be charged with trespassing even if you didn't know that you were on private land.) The computer system couldn't compute the address on my Australian drivers' license, which gave one guy plenty of time to brag about how he once made it with an Aussie girl with hairy armpits.
“Are kangaroos good for hunting?” the old jailer asked me. “Perhaps we'll all have to go there when Hillary Clinton becomes president.” After I was made to strip and show my asshole (just to make sure I wasn't carrying any contraband), I was put in handcuffs and leg shackles and made to wait in a small office surrounded by three or four guards.
I mostly observed my right to remain silent. But I also wanted to be a good cultural ambassador, so I told them kangaroos are eaten for meat and sometimes are regarded as pests that need to be shot. They seemed to like that.
Maybe it was the stress, or the adrenaline, or the accents, but I understood only every fourth or fifth word the cops and prison orderlies were saying to me. The bewilderment was mutual. I do know that I was threatened with an FBI investigation, immigration detention, and deportation. I asked to speak to a lawyer, but that never happened. I was allowed to call my editor, who started working like hell to get me out.
A couple of hours later, around midnight, my mugshot was snapped and my fingerprints were taken. My arrest records indicate that CCA said that night that it wanted trespassing charges filed against me. The jailer finally led me to a small cell separated from rest of the prisoners. The sheriff had told me earlier that, “They'd whoop you bad.” A 23-year-old named Alex was put in there with me, but he was too out of it to really talk, apart from telling me everything was gonna be okay. My standard-issue orange jumpsuit swam on me. “I wish I could keep it and wear it out in Brooklyn,” I thought.
The next morning, I felt grateful to be protected by prison bars. “Hey girl, hey girl,” someone shouted from the next cell. “You ever slept with a man? Do you want to?” It wasn't an invitation; it was a threat.
This went on sporadically for hours. “No one's letting us rape that girl's hole.” I was scared I might do something to really out myself—I'm gay. I was hoping that just as being an Aussie threw a curve ball at the cops' ability to identify a real terrorist, it also might scramble their gaydar.
Sheriff Jordan, a big man with a comb-over who liked to make jokes, came by to tell me the judge had denied me bail. It was Saturday, which meant it would be two days before I could get a hearing. Worse, it meant two nights of threats and snoring and unpredictable meals and gawking. I asked if I could call my parents. “Tell them we didn't shoot you at dawn,” Jordan said.
I tried to start reading the the third volume of Game of Thrones, taken from the jail bookshelf. I wrote a letter. A prisoner sang a top 40 tune, but in a slow, sad baritone—”So baby now, take me into your loving arms, kiss me under the light of a thousand stars…” The prisoners and guards all began to call me “Australia.”
I started to resign myself to several days in this shithole, even though Jordan told me Mother Jones‘ lawyer had been “hollering” down the phone line, a fact that made him displeased.
I was shackled again and interrogated by state police officers, a local deputy, and a Homeland Security agent.
Then suddenly, at about 4:30 p.m., I was shackled again and taken to be interrogated by two state police officers, a local deputy, and—you've got to be kidding me—a Homeland Security agent. These new guys already knew everything about me, and seemed bored that I was just a journalist. “Write all the exposés about CCA you like,” one told me. After about 45 minutes, I shuffled from the room with promises that the judge would soon set bond.
About five hours later, I heard that I'd made bail—for $10,000. “How cool are drones! I really want one!” said an officer, a professed camera buff, as he took stock of my equipment and processed me out of the jail. “Send me a copy of the article when it's done.”
The old jailer came down to say good-bye. “I'm so sorry you had to see that,” he said. “Some of these places I wouldn't put my dog in.” I thought about my cellmate Alex and wondered about the people who would never see the outside of Louisiana's criminal justice system. I felt good to be walking free, unscathed.
Everyone shook my hand as I left to meet the bail bondsman, who turned out to be the son of the local lawyer hired to kick-start my defense, the fabulously named Bobby Culpepper. (Culpepper died suddenly several months later at age 74. My case was eventually concluded by a criminal defense lawyer named Marty Stroud.) The bondsman drove me to a gas station at the edge of Winnfield where Shane and his wife Sarah were waiting for me, tired yet relieved. We embraced, then we got the hell out of there.
News of my arrest broke not long after we left town, first in the local paper (the Winn Parish Enterprise called me a “renowned international journalist,” which I will treasure forever), then in CNNMoney, the Washington Post, and Gawker. I didn't comment publicly, but the police account of was over-dramatized: The sheriff claimed I'd run from my vehicle toward the prison's fence, which never happened. “You don't go to a prison at night. You don't violate the law when you're doing a story,” Sheriff Jordan told CNNMoney. CCA issued a statement about Shane and me. It said that trespassing “is a security threat that we take very seriously” and noted that a drone “could be used to transport contraband or provide detailed imagery in a way that could create a security risk.”
Seven months later, I entered a no contest plea on a criminal trespass charge and paid a $500 fine. The alternative was to face down a maximum sentence of 30 days in prison and a trial that could have potentially compromised our investigation. The court then dismissed the conviction under a state law that allowed me to have my criminal record expunged.
I recall one prisoner yelling out to me during my night in orange: “You're gonna get Winnfield on the news.”
We did. I'm really proud of our work.
LUCKNOW: Rubbishing reports in a section of media that Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will not contest Uttar Pradeh 2017 assembly elections, AAP leader and minister in Delhi government Gopal Rai on Thursday said that party is preparing itself for the elections by building a strong cadre to the booth level in every constituency and 30% work will be completed by December.Official announcement to contest election can be made in January 2016, Rai told reporters after addressing volunteer training session in the city. He along with party's national spokesperson Richa Pandey were key speakers in the event. He said that party is building organization in other states as well and is getting huge support in Punjab. He counted achievement of Delhi government in its nine months rule so far and said that Jan Lokpal Bill will be passed in the coming winter session of the state assembly.Rai also informed AAP volunteers about party's new app `AAP Ka Daan' being used for collecting public donations in a transparent manner. Donors will get acknowledgement SMS along with the amount of donation and reference number. The name of the donor and amount will also be displayed on official website of the party.Pandey informed about `systematic donation plan' through which a person can fill a form to become permanent donor of the party. It will help the individual to contribute on monthly basis through automatic transfer of the agreed amount to party's fund from his/her bank account.AAP state spokesperson Vaibhav Maheshwari claimed "Most political parties take black money as donation, hence avoid giving account of donors and funding. By adopting a transparent way of fund collection, we will show people how AAP is different from other parties."
Enlarge A TSA employee pats-down a passenger at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. SURVEILLANCE PROGRAM WASHINGTON  Fewer than 1% of airline passengers singled out at airports for suspicious behavior are arrested, Transportation Security Administration figures show, raising complaints that too many innocent people are stopped. A TSA program launched in early 2006 that looks for terrorists using a controversial surveillance method has led to more than 160,000 people in airports receiving scrutiny, such as a pat-down search or a brief interview. That has resulted in 1,266 arrests, often on charges of carrying drugs or fake IDs, the TSA said. The TSA program trains screeners to become "behavior detection officers" who patrol terminals and checkpoints looking for travelers who act oddly or appear to answer questions suspiciously. Critics say the number of arrests is small and indicates the program is flawed. "That's an awful lot of people being pulled aside and inconvenienced," said Carnegie Mellon scientist Stephen Fienberg, who studied the TSA program and other counterterrorism efforts. "I think it's a sham. We have no evidence it works." TSA spokeswoman Ellen Howe said the program has been "incredibly effective" at catching criminals at airports. "It definitely gets at things that other layers of security might miss," Howe said. In many cases, the extra scrutiny is a casual conversation with a TSA behavior officer that shows someone is innocent, Howe said. Studies are underway that analyze the program's effectiveness, she added. The program has grown from 43 major airports last year to more than 150 airports, including some with just 20 flights a day. The number of behavior officers will jump from 2,470 to 3,400 by October. The TSA has not publicly said if it has caught a terrorist through the program. The agency says that some who are arrested, particularly on fake ID charges, may be scouting an airport for a possible attack. Some scientists say the TSA effort is just as likely to flag a nervous traveler as a terrorist. "The use of these technologies for the purpose that the TSA is interested in moves into an area where we don't have proven science," said Robert Levenson, a psychologist at the University of California-Berkeley. Although observers can perceive whether someone appears anxious or is acting deceptively, they can't tell whether that person is planning an attack or something such as an extramarital affair, Levenson said. Levenson and Fienberg were part of a National Academy of Sciences team whose report last month said "behavioral surveillance" has "enormous potential for violating" privacy. The report calls for more research and says surveillance should be used only as "preliminary screening" to find people who merit "follow-up investigation." That is how the TSA uses the program, Howe said. Paul Ekman, a San Francisco psychologist who helped design the TSA program, said it can be effective. But it needs more study, he said. "The shortcoming is, we don't know how many people are showing suspicious behaviors and aren't being noticed," Ekman said. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed
Bitcoin has been classified as a commodity in Finland after the Scandinavian country's central bank declared that it did not meet the definition of a currency.
The Bank of Finland concluded that bitcoin simply doesn't meet the legal conditions required to be considered a form of electronic payment, either.
Paeivi Heikkinen, head of oversight at the bank, told Bloomberg that bitcoin was more comparable to a commodity at this point.
“Considering the definition of an official currency as set out in law, it's not that. It's also not a payment instrument, because the law stipulates that a payment instrument must have an issuer responsible for its operation,” Heikkinen said.
Finland open to digital currency
Unlike some countries, Finland has so far embraced a more liberal attitude towards digital currencies. In addition, these currencies are remarkably popular in certain circles.
A recent survey carried out by Nordnet AB found that one in ten Finns is interested in investing in digital currencies. Among men interest was a bit higher, with 17.2% of those questioned saying they would consider investing in bitcoin. The country is also home to one of Europe's first permanently installed bitcoin ATMs.
This latest statement is unlikely to change very much. Finns will still be able to exchange bitcoins and make investments. However, Heikkinen warns that nobody guarantees the value of bitcoin and huge fluctuations are commonplace. He notes: “It's at your own risk.”
Regulation may prove necessary
Despite Finland's liberal attitude, Heikkenen believes more should be done to supervise digital currencies.
“The changes in value are totally unregulated and very vulnerable to news, speculation and hoaxes. If the phenomenon grows and begins to cause side effects, officials will then have to consider whether to regulate it and how,” he said.
Heikkenen raises an interesting point. For the time being there is simply not a lot of need for regulation, as the bitcoin economy is relatively small. Some regulators like the Chinese central bank have clearly stated that bitcoin does not pose a threat to fiscal or monetary stability.
However, with greater adoption it is only logical to expect more calls for some form of regulation. While speculators might not like it, a sound regulatory framework that would eliminate many ambiguities related to digital currencies could actually boost bitcoin adoption worldwide.
Helsinki Image via Shutterstock
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Erratic, inflammatory, racist, conspiratorial, unhinged.
President Donald Trump spent his Wednesday morning on Twitter, and the results were jaw-dropping—even for him. He used the platform to share fringe anti-Muslim content and then appeared to promote a false conspiracy theory that MSNBC's Joe Scarborough was involved in the death of a former congressional intern.
Trump kicked off his eyebrow-raising activities Wednesday morning by retweeting three videos that claimed to capture Muslims assaulting people and destroying a statue of the Virgin Mary. The videos were shared by Jayda Fransen, the deputy leader of the far-right group Britain First. (It's unclear whether all the alleged perpetrators featured in the videos are actually Muslim.)
“Whether it's a real video, the threat is real,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said while defending the president. “His goal is to promote strong border security and strong national security.”
Many observers, including former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, denounced Trump's decision to share the videos. But by then, Trump had moved on to the news that NBC's Matt Lauer had been fired over accusations of sexual misconduct. The president took the opportunity to attack NBC—a network he has frequently slammed as “fake news”—and to suggest that its top executives should be fired, as well.
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack's past! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2017
Less than two hours later, Trump followed up with a cryptic tweet aimed at Scarborough.
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2017
Trump appeared to be referring to completely baseless rumors that Scarborough, as a former member of Congress, may have played a role in the 2001 death of an intern inside his congressional office in Florida. In reality, the medical examiner concluded that the woman had “lost consciousness because of an abnormal heart rhythm and fell, hitting her head on a desk,” and that “the head injury caused the death,” according to a St. Petersburg Times article from the time. Police found no evidence of foul play, according to the Tampa Bay Times.
Scarborough responded to Trump's attacks Wednesday morning, tweeting that the president was “not well.”
All took place before 10 a.m. ET.
The office of British Prime Minister Theresa May issued a rare statement condemning Trump's promotion of “prejudice rhetoric,” adding that it was “wrong for the president to have done this.”
Last Thursday April 7, in the afternoon, families from the Rural Landless Worker's Movement that were organized in the camp Don Tomás Baudino in the Quedas do Iguaçu municipality, central region of the state of Paraná, were victims of an ambush by the military police and private security forces of the logging company Araupel. To inform us about what happened, we are in communication with Joaquin Pinheiro, member of the central directorate of the Landless Workers' Movement. Hello, Joaquin, How are you?
Hello, I, as well as all comrades from the MST, am extremely indignant due to the murder of two of our comrades from Paraná. I'll provide some context so that everyone can understand what's going on in Paraná: Last year, the MST occupied an unproductive territory, which the logging company Araupel claimed to own. This was because the Federal government, through INCRA (National Institute of Colonization and Agrarian Reform) which is the main entity responsible for the Agrarian Reform in Brazil, sued this company for being in an illegal area, which means that this area is under a legal dispute. Therefore, we, the MST, occupied the land last year.
Last week, there was a meeting with local authorities of the state of Paraná. The meeting was between the government's Security Secretary, the Chief Commander of the local police, deputies and representatives from Araupe. The meeting was allegedly convened to discuss safety issues from this region. It's important to explain to those that are not from Brazil that those who control the police in the States are the governors and, therefore, in this case, it's the governor of Paraná, a member of the Social Democrat Party, the PSDB, and an historic enemy of both the MST and of all left forces in Brazil. So, actually, he was in that meeting planning the attack on our camp. And this action left two of our companions dead and more than six companions wounded, two were detained and then they were released, but this has created a climate of terror in the region. This is because this is an action commanded by the local police, allied with the logging company in the region. That is why we are so concerned and now we are analyzing our next steps regarding what has happened.
Who were the victims of this ambush carried out by the military police and the private security forces that respond to Araupel?
The fatal victims were comrade Leomar Bhorbak, 25, who left behind his girlfriend who is 9 months pregnant, and comrade Vilmar Bordim, married, father of three children.
What is the movement's position? What are the next steps you are thinking of taking in response to this tragic news?
Firstly, we must put this situation in the context of the national situation. It's important to say that coincidentally, on April 17, 20 years ago, there was a slaughter in Eldorado dos Carajás, in the state of Pará. This was also an action led by the state government of Pará, whio also belonged to the same party PSDB, and also in alliance with landowners in the region. Nineteen of our MST comrades were killed in the slaughter. And what is even worse, is that the crimes committed against those who struggle for land are protected by impunity, because so far none of those responsible for this slaughter were sentenced, they are free on the streets. This situation of impunity is also a reality that we want to communicate to the international society.
Another thing I wanted to add is that this month we are also organizing a day of struggle and mobilization throughout the country, calling for justice, claiming that these crimes should not go unpunished and therefore there will be a lot of struggles this month and this will involve several states of our country. And there are more crimes like the one in Paraná, recently there was a crime in the state of Paraiba and another one in Bahía. There's a persecution of social sectors by right-wing, racist, reactionary, pro-coup sectors, which generates insecurity among our country's social activists.
The MST will continue the struggle. Tomorrow we will do a national event in the city of Quedas do Iguacu, where the funeral of our colleagues will take place and therefore we will be there, mobilized. We will continue denouncing this crime. We are already in contact with the federal government to send a force of the Federal Police so that they can investigate this crime, so that the case can be handled in the federal level. If it remains in the hands of the state government, with its murderous police, we know that it's not going to move forward and, as always, these murderers and the masterminds will go unpunished.
We are working with a new client who are building a healthcare startup. I was talking to him about Lean Startups, and he sent me a long email with some great tips about what Lean is and how to build a Lean Startup. This is the best resource I have found with links to more great stuff, and I have blogged it here with his permission. Thanks to Subbu Arumugam from Sufo.org and SugarSnap. Mail follow. (Very slightly redacted.)
——–
Super happy you're reading about lean startup philosophies and methodologies. I attend most of the chicago lean startup circle meetups. The last one was great because they discuss how to properly conduct “problem” interviews and “solution” interviews – which is very unnatural for first timers – and it's the most important step. They filmed it, but the video isn't up yet. I'll send you a link when it goes up.
We got started in this “cult” about 3 years ago when marc andreessen mentioned steve blank's book in his blog - the post was actually deleted by him accidentally, but someone saved all of the old content here . If you're interested in his old stuff, definitely great reading, nothing/ little to do with lean.
Others started getting in on the party. brad cooper and patrick vlaskovits created a “cheat sheet” book based on the first two steps of steve's very difficult-to-read book. It's a practical “how to” do customer development which is the central theme, and most important first step.
Steve Blank defines a startup as an organization formed to search for a repeatable and scalable business model. Most of the folks above, including Steve believe that you've figured it out when you've reached product-market fit. so while all of the above was happening, there was a startup marketer – Sean Ellis – who was doing his own thing consulting for scores of startups, completely oblivious to the lean movement, and he noticed that product-market fit was achieved when 40% of your early customers say they're “very disappointed” if you take away your product . He then started realizing that his philosophies were very similar to the lean movement. Sean blogs very infrequently now since he is involved in his own startup.
We found ourselves following more and more of the practical lean philosophies as earlier iterations of Sufo didn't work.
The core philosophies are:
Finding a top three problem, not a four through ten problems – and maybe even working on three “top three” problems concurrently – via customer interviews (people want their top problems solved, and will pay for them to be solved, they will continue to use their own work-arounds for their lower priority problems) (see slide ten in this deck - the deck itself is awesome.) Create a solution via wireframe or paper drawings – and ask customers if they would (a) use the solution and (b) would they pay for it – via solution interviews Some of this can be tested without interviews – a “minimum viable product” can be a sign up form (like the wufoo form that we have on the current live version of sufo) – or even an Google Ads campaign (“buy a hover car”) and see if people click through before building the product Make sure your cost to acquire customers, and operations of your business, can be subsidized by the price you're charging for your solution Keep iterating til you get product-market fit
Our first version of sufo didn't solve an existing problem (“linkedin for doctors”), the second one did (filming conferences and charging doctors $ to access the video content), but not enough doctors would pay for it, and when asked why, they wanted (1) CME credit, and (2) said our content wasn't refreshed frequently enough (which is the nature of filming conferences) – so this version of Sufo addresses both of those concerns.
Not all lean philosophies work well when applied to health tech startups – it seems to be better applied for consumer apps. We're documenting what we're finding, along with a friend who has his own health tech startup. We plan to present on this in april. I help co-organize the chicago health 2.0/ tech meetup group , and we ran a pitch contest this past june – we pushed for entrepreneurs to use lean principles. One of the toughest things the applicants had was playing in the “two sided market” area… where value isn't created for your users until you already have another group of users on board using your product – think ebay and other marketplaces.
Many health tech startups are two sided markets. In fact, our version of Sufo is the first step to creating one side of a marketplace, where the other side is interested in information from doctors. We have to get doctors using Sufo first at scale before we can bring on analysts interested in what doctors do/say.
With very little to do with lean, here's some great reading on two sided markets:
But back to where the lean movement is now
A new world record has been made for the fastest ever Any% speedrun of the original Super Mario Bros., with a time of 4:57.260. American speedrunner "Darbian", the man who set the previous world record of 4:57.627 in October after over 6,000 attempts, has managed to best himself after many months of effort.
In the description of the video, Darbian states that he doesn't believe he can ever improve this run, and that he has reached his potential with Super Mario Bros. He will now move on to other games.
You can watch the video above!
This record is astounding, and it's probably going to be a very long time before it's broken by another speedrunner. This is because no time was lost in this run, as no tangible mistakes were made by Darbian. You can see this in the video. In the black box below the live video feed of his face, there are a list of levels and a list of times. As the video progresses, these times fill out with the amount of time lost on each level of the game. If a time reads "0.0", that means that the run of a certain level was perfect. At the end of the video, each of the times reads "0.0", meaning Darbian achieved the ideal of what he was going for.
It is likely that for someone to beat this record, a new glitch or tactic would have to be discovered for speedrunning the game, as repeating the same tactics used in the video would only yield the same results, and that's only in an ideal scenario.
What do you guys think? Personally, I greatly admire Darbian, and I think that this run is seriously worthy of praise.
KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait said on Saturday it had not issued a permit to allow a planned protest against new voting rules and the prime minister warned police would use force if the nation was under threat.
Kuwait outlawed unauthorized gatherings of more than 20 people last month after an opposition-led demonstration by thousands ended in clashes between protesters and police in which at least 30 people were taken to hospital.
Although OPEC member and U.S. ally Kuwait has avoided the kind of mass pro-democracy unrest seen in other Arab countries, tensions have mounted between the elected parliament and the government, dominated by the Al-Sabah ruling family.
Demonstrations about local issues often occur in the major oil producer, but violence has previously been very rare.
Security forces used tear gas and smoke bombs at protests last month, witnesses said. Protesters, which include opposition politicians, youth groups and their followers plan a protest march on Sunday in central Kuwait.
Kuwaitis have been protesting changes to an electoral law, announced last month by ruler Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah.
Some opposition politicians have said the changes are an attempt to give pro-government candidates an advantage in the parliamentary election on December 1. The government says the amendments were needed to preserve national unity.
“The state does not ... want to use violence, but when the security of the homeland is endangered and the safety of its citizens at risk, it will not hesitate to use force in the framework of the law and the constitution,” state news agency KUNA quoted Prime Minister Sheikh Jaber al-Mubarak al-Sabah as saying.
Opposition politicians have said they will boycott parliamentary elections next month, the second time Kuwait goes to the polls in 2012.
An opposition bloc, made up of Islamists, liberal and tribal lawmakers, won a majority at the last elections in February.
But that parliament was effectively dissolved by a court ruling in June which reinstated a more government-friendly assembly. However the old parliament was unable to meet due to a boycott by MPs, leading to another dissolution and a call by the emir for snap elections as a way out of the political deadlock.
The Information Ministry said it had not issued any demonstration permits or received any applications for them for Sunday's march and added that the security forces had an important role to enforce the law and to protect citizens.
On Thursday, the Interior Ministry said it would “deal firmly” with any gathering that violated the law.
Rights group Amnesty International said on Thursday that Kuwait must ensure its citizens are able to express their opinions, including about the electoral law, in a free and peaceful manner.
“The security forces must abide by international policing standards and refrain from using unlawful force in response to peaceful demonstrations,” it said.
Kuwait has one of the most open political systems in the Gulf and is home to an elected parliament with legislative powers. However, the 83-year-old emir has the final say in state affairs and picks the prime minister, who in turn selects a cabinet. Major portfolios are held by Al-Sabah family members.
An attempt to force the head of the Mormon church to appear in a British court over claims that some of its teachings amount to fraud has been thrown out by a judge.
Two summonses were issued to Thomas Monson, the president of the Utah-based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, alleging that, by seeking money using “untrue or misleading” statements, he breached the Fraud Act 2006.
But the private prosecution by Tom Phillips was thrown out at Westminster Magistrates' Court by Senior District Judge Howard Riddle, who said it was an “abuse of the process of the court”.
He added: “I am satisfied that the process of the court is being manipulated to provide a high-profile forum to attack the religious beliefs of others.”
Neither Mr Phillips nor Mr Monson was in court for today's hearing.
The summons, to Thomas Spencer Monson, of East Temple Street, Salt Lake City, alleged that between February 2008 and December 2013 he induced two men to pay an “annual tithe” based on teachings which were untrue.
These were:
:: That the Mormons' Book of Abraham was a literal translation of Egyptian papyri by founder Joseph Smith;
:: That Smith translated The Book Of Mormon from ancient gold plates and it is historically accurate;
:: That Native Americans are descended from Israelites who left Jerusalem in 600BC;
:: That Joseph and Hyrum Smith were killed as martyrs in 1844 because they would not deny their claims about The Book Of Mormon;
:: That Illinois newspaper the Nauvoo Expositor was destroyed for printing lies about Joseph Smith;
:: That there were no deaths on this planet before 6,000 years ago;
:: All humans are descended from two people alive approximately 6,000 years ago.
The summons, signed by District Judge Elizabeth Roscoe, ordered Mr Monson to appear at Westminster and threatened arrest if he did not.
However, Judge Riddle said today that the threat of arrest was “wrong” and should not have been made.
He described the attempted prosecution as “tenuous”, with no chance of ever making it to trial even if Mr Monson attended.
He said it was “obvious” that the case was aimed at the beliefs of the church rather than Mr Monson himself.
He added: “To convict, a jury would need to be sure that the religious teachings of the Mormon church are untrue or misleading. That proposition is at the heart of the case.
“No judge in a secular court in England and Wales would allow that issue to be put to a jury. It is non-justiciable.”
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said it was satisfied with the ruling.
In a statement, Malcolm Adcock, its assistant director for public affairs in Europe, said: “This case was a misuse of the legal system and should never have been brought.”
PRAGUE -- It was a beautiful, sunny morning, and Team Canada coach Todd McLellan was making a leisurely walk to a café near the team hotel as the IIHF World Championships rolled on. A jogger came toward him, looking more and more familiar until he stopped running to chat.
It was former Edmonton Oilers head coach Ralph Krueger, now the chairman of Southampton Football Club.
The two struck up a quick conversation, chatting a bit about how Team Canada has played so far in the tournament. They shook hands, and Krueger was off. Just like that.
It has been only two years since Krueger left Edmonton, but so much has changed since then. There's a new regime with Bob Nicholson and Peter Chiarelli shaping the future. There's a new franchise center on the way in Connor McDavid.
There's a real excitement and optimism about the Oilers that didn't exist a year ago, or even a month ago.
There's also another potential vacancy at head coach in Edmonton. The position Krueger once filled -- quite capably, in retrospect -- is up in the air as Chiarelli does his due diligence on who should be behind the Edmonton bench next year.
Chiarelli met with McLellan in Prague. According to TSN's Darren Dreger, he'll interview interim Oilers coach Todd Nelson about the position this weekend.
It might be the most fascinating position available, simply because of McDavid and the high-end young offensive talent around him.
It's also far from the only one.
The Philadelphia Flyers, New Jersey Devils, Toronto Maple Leafs, Buffalo Sabres and San Jose Sharks all are searching for head coaches. It's possible the St. Louis Blues and Boston Bruins could be added to that list, depending on what happens with Ken Hitchcock and Claude Julien, respectively. And of course there's the Babcock Watch, with Mike Babcock's contract expiring at the end of June unless he and the Detroit Red Wings strike up a new extension.
Babcock and Detroit GM Ken Holland have separate trips to Prague planned, but they will overlap and give the two more potential time together to hammer out a deal.
It's a swirling world of speculation and rumors back in North America, with fans targeting the guys they want most, eager for any information that might confirm that guy is headed to their city.
McLellan has been able to avoid it all.
His focus is squarely on Team Canada, and he remains secluded in the bubble that these international hockey tournaments create for those involved.
"This is the priority. Team Canada is No. 1. The players who have made the commitment to being here deserve that," McLellan told ESPN.com. "In the extra time, either on the phone or in person, you get a chance to talk to teams."
McLellan, who mutually parted ways with the Sharks in April, said he doesn't have a sense of a time frame for the coaching searches because there are so many moving parts. There's the Babcock domino, with Babcock saying during end-of-season interviews that he expected to take a good 10 days to decide how he wanted to proceed. That was six days ago.
McLellan is also occupied with leading a team that expects to play for a gold medal on May 17.
That isn't the only delay.
"There's a lot going on with teams right now, wrapping up year-end stuff, managerial searches, scouting meetings," McLellan said. "I have no idea on timeframe that people are thinking."
Toronto hasn't hired a general manager yet. San Jose GM Doug Wilson is known for his meticulous planning, although former Devils coach Peter DeBoer would sure be a nice fit on a San Jose team where puck possession is part of the identity. Ray Shero just took the GM job in New Jersey and is expected to be in the Czech Republic on Saturday to help with Team USA.
Fellow Team USA coach Todd Richards believes Dan Bylsma will be back in the NHL next season. Gregory Shamus/NHLI/Getty Images
When Shero arrives, it seems inevitable that there would be a conversation at some point with Dan Bylsma, his old coach in Pittsburgh, about getting the band back together. Bylsma is an assistant under Todd Richards with Team USA, a flip-flop of the arrangement in the Sochi Olympics and a redux of the positions those two held together in Wilkes-Barre years ago.
Bylsma has quickly won over the young American team with his energy, especially during practices, where it's not unusual to see him diving onto the ice to create an obstacle for players entering the offensive zone or throwing a shoulder into the mix here and there.
"[Bylsma] has a lot of spunk and a lot of energy," Team USA forward Brock Nelson told ESPN.com. "Even in the locker room, you show up in the morning at 9:00 or 9:30 a.m. and he's bouncing around in gym clothes looking for coffee. I don't know if he necessarily needed it."
It's an energy Bylsma has always had, Richards said, but coaching with him in the world championships has helped the two share ideas and tips they've picked up since being on the same staff.
It's a similar experience for McLellan and the Team Canada group. Players talk often about how this tournament can help their game, and the same goes for coaches.
"Sharing ideas with coaches and managers from other teams -- if we did this during the year, it would be 100 percent tampering," McLellan joked. "But they're great conversations, really good hockey theories, talking about players around the league. It's excellent. What a good experience."
As two of the most experienced and successful coaches on the market, it's highly likely McLellan and Bylsma will both be taking anything learned in the Czech Republic to new jobs this summer.
Richards was speaking about Bylsma, but he might as well have been speaking about both him and McLellan, when forecasting the future.
"He wants to coach, just like any coach," Richards said. "There are opportunities out there. I'm sure he'll get a lot of real good looks. I will be shocked if he's not coaching in the NHL next year."
Spread the love
Seattle, WA — An overzealous cop was fired in 2015 after the officer was caught falsely accusing a 69-year-old man of swinging a golf club at her patrol car. Accused by the police chief of acting with racial bias in an unnecessarily aggressive manner, Officer Cynthia Whitlatch wrongfully arrested an Air Force veteran walking down the street using a golf club as a cane. Although Whitlatch argued that her dash cam video recorded the elderly man swinging at her, the video does not support any of her allegations. Now, two years later, this cop is having her termination reversed and receiving two years of back pay.
As KIRO 7 reports:
The back pay is more than $105,000 in two lump payments, paying her for 90 hours a month for the time since she was fired. All sustained findings by the Office of Professional Accountability about Whitlatch's conduct will remain in place. The agreement, signed Saturday by Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole, also is expected to give Whitlatch her full pension for her 18 years as an officer and the two additional years after her firing.
“Her not being on the force, that's a good thing, regardless of how it is done,” Wingate said. “I wish nothing bad on nobody. I'm not here to hate on anybody. … That's not me.”
At 1:06 p.m. on July 9, 2014, while collecting her near $50 per hour salary, the dash cam video from Whitlatch's patrol car captured footage of the officer harassing 69-year-old William Wingate, who appears standing on the corner and using a golf club to support himself. After stepping out of her patrol car, Whitlatch immediately orders the elderly man to drop his golf club even though he is not using it in a threatening manner. Unable to hear the officer at first, Wingate removes an earbud from his left ear and repeatedly asks the antagonistic cop: “What's going on?”
As Whitlatch continues ordering him to put down the golf club, Wingate tells her to call someone because he's been walking in Seattle with that golf club for 20 years. After she informs Wingate that he's being audio and videotaped, the apparently delusional officer accuses the elderly gentleman of swinging his golf club at her.
“I ain't done nothing to nobody,” Wingate explains to her.
In response, Whitlatch says, “You just swang that golf club at me.”
“I did not!” Wingate defended.
“Yes, you did. Right back there. It was on audio and videotape,” Whitlatch lied.
While Whitlatch can be heard requesting for backup on her radio, Wingate begins explaining to a bystander that he's being harassed for no good reason. After Whitlatch threatens to arrest him, Wingate tells her, “My church is up there, and everybody knows me.”
As Officer Chris Cole approaches the scene, Whitlatch can briefly be seen brandishing a nightstick while following Wingate. After the frightened senior hands over his golf club, Whitlatch digs through his pockets but finds nothing illegal. The rest of the video depicts Wingate being loaded into the back of a transport van and sent to jail for committing no crime.
Falsely accused of swinging his golf club at a patrol car, Wingate spent over 25 hours in jail after being booked for obstruction and harassment. Although Whitlatch pushed the Seattle City Attorney's Office to charge the elderly veteran with obstructing a police officer, an assistant city attorney declined to charge him with obstruction but decided instead to charge Wingate with unlawful use of a weapon to intimidate.
Unable to afford decent legal representation, Wingate pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge under an agreement in which the case would be expunged after two years if he complied with all conditions ordered by the judge. But after reviewing the dash cam footage, the Seattle City Attorney's Office dismissed the charge, and the police chief formally apologized to Wingate nearly eight months after his arrest.
After the dash cam video was released to the public in January of 2015, Mayor Ed Murray ordered Whitlatch to be removed from public patrol duties. In a disciplinary action report filed last year, Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole accused Whitlatch of being inappropriately aggressive while unnecessarily escalating the situation.
“You never asked the individual any questions during the Terry stop to determine if he had, in fact, swung the golf club towards you and/or into a stop sign,” wrote Chief O'Toole. “Despite that, and despite never actually seeing him swing a golf club toward your car or hitting a stop sign, you actively participated in moving forward with an arrest for obstruction and even called the prosecutor days later to push for prosecution of the individual.”
In April of 2015, Wingate filed a lawsuit against Whitlatch for race discrimination, false imprisonment, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and violation of his civil rights. His lawsuit also accused her of making racially derogatory comments on her personal Facebook page after Wingate's arrest and the Ferguson riots. In her report, Chief O'Toole noted that Whitlatch also made disturbing comments about the race of a judge and deputy chief involved in expunging Wingate's criminal record related to his wrongful arrest.
“You expressed a strong belief that these actions were taken because the judge and deputy chief are black, and that race drove the decision-making of a high-ranking Department official and a long-serving Municipal Court Judge, not the legitimate factual and legal analysis by thoughtful and dedicated public servants,” O'Toole wrote. “Such statements further indicate that your biased views prevent you from being able to honestly reflect on your own job performance and successfully receive constructive criticism of your policing techniques because you view the critiques as racially motivated.”
Unwilling to admit any fault, Whitlatch claims that she was being targeted due to the fact that she is white. In her report, O'Toole wrote, “I was disappointed by your failure…to take any responsibility, or show any understanding that your conduct at issue here was inappropriate.”
“Your inability to understand, even in hindsight, that your behavior was unnecessarily aggressive, an abuse of discretion, and negatively impacted the community's confidence in this police service, offers me no pathway to understand how you can improve and do better,” O'Toole concluded. “For the reasons summarized above, and while giving careful consideration to your full employment history as well as the facts of this case, your employment is terminated.”
Now, however, all that sentiment has apparently changed and O'Toole signed the grievance resolution on Saturday to show that Witlatch retired instead of being fired. An innocent elderly man was assaulted, kidnapped, and falsely charged. The cop who did this to him was rewarded with a $50 per hour salary for two years of not working. And, Americans have the audacity to call this ‘justice.'
It's been a while since I made something with coffee and walnut, another of my favourite dessert combinations, and instead of cookies I decided to make a nice light cake for afternoon tea, well it is summer after all!
This cake was similar in texture to the caramelised banana cake, it was light and had that real decadent feel to it that makes you think you're eating something quite calorie dense, when in fact you're not, it's a great little treat for dessert or like me, with a cup of green tea in the afternoon whilst Wimbledon is on!
I found out yesterday that I shall be seeing my little sis again and my niece and nephew as they are all going to be in Edinburgh the same time as me, woo hoo, that hasn't happened in a looooooooooong time, so it'll be really nice for us all to be together all in the same place at the same time. I've also got my eye on a few films I'd like to see at the cinema while I'm over including This is the End, Now you see me, the new star trek film, the new superman film, possibly world war z and oh my goodness me I've just seen that Wolverine 3D will be out while I'm back!!! Ooooh so many films, I might need a weekend marathon of movies!!!
Delicious Chocolate Coffee & Walnut Cake (vegan & gluten free)
MyInspiration feel The Difference Range
Serves 8 – ready in approx. 30 minutes
1 cup buckwheat flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
2 tbsp cocoa powder
3 tbsp maple syrup
1 tbsp your favourite coffee mixed with 1 tbsp hot water
3/4 cup non dairy milk (I used almond) mixed with 1/4 tsp apple cider vinegar
1 tsp vanilla extract
8 walnut halves, roughly chopped
Method
1. Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius (356 degrees fahrenheit) and prepare a non stick 9″ round cake tin
2. In a mixing bowl, combine the buckwheat flour, baking powder, baking soda and cocoa powder, in a separate bowl combine the almond milk with vinegar, maple syrup, coffee and vanilla, then add the wet ingredients to the dry and fold together, throw in the chopped walnuts and stir them through your batter. (Your cake batter should be quite loose, so if you think it's too stiff add a little more milk).
3. Pour into your cake tin and bake for 20 – 25 minutes until a skewer comes out clean, I cooled my cake a little and dusted with some icing sugar, but you can just dive into this or have a nice dollop of your fave dairy free ice cream, just a suggestion, you could even melt some dark chocolate to drizzle over the top too…..
"Ding-a-ling" redirects here. For the 1960 Bobby Rydell song, see Ding-A-Ling
"My Ding-a-Ling" is a novelty song written and recorded by Dave Bartholomew. It was covered by Chuck Berry in 1972 and became his only number-one Billboard Hot 100 single in the United States.[1] Later that year, in a longer unedited form, it was included on the album The London Chuck Berry Sessions. Guitarist Onnie McIntyre and drummer Robbie McIntosh who later that year went on to form the Average White Band, played on the single along with Nic Potter of Van der Graaf Generator on bass.
"My Ding-a-Ling" was originally recorded by Dave Bartholomew in 1952 for King Records. When Bartholomew moved to Imperial Records, he re-recorded the song under the new title, "Little Girl Sing Ting-a-Ling". In 1954, the Bees on Imperial released a version entitled "Toy Bell". Berry recorded a version called "My Tambourine" in 1968, but the version which topped the charts was recorded live during the Lanchester Arts Festival at the Locarno ballroom in Coventry, England, on 3 February 1972, where Berry – backed by the Roy Young Band – topped a bill that also included Slade, George Carlin, Billy Preston and Pink Floyd. Boston radio station WMEX disc jockey Jim Connors was credited with a gold record for discovering the song and pushing it to #1 over the airwaves and amongst his peers in the United States. Billboard ranked it as the No. 15 song for 1972.
The song is based on the melody of the 19th century folk song "Little Brown Jug".
Content [ edit ]
The song tells of how the singer received a toy consisting of "silver bells hanging on a string" from his grandmother, who calls them his "ding-a-ling". According to the song, he plays with it in school, and holds on to it in dangerous situations like falling after climbing the garden wall, and swimming across a creek infested with snapping turtles. From the second verse onward, the lyrics consistently exercise the double entendre in that a penis could just as easily be substituted for the toy bells and the song would still make sense.[2]
In the live Berry version, Berry makes the chorus a call-and-response, in which the women in the audience sing “my” and the men respond by shouting “ding-a-ling!” At one point, Berry notes that a few of the men are singing the women's parts and that some women are adding (audible in the recording) a harmony line; Berry allows and openly encourages it, exclaiming “it's a free country! Live like you wanna live!” In the final verse, he admonishes "those of you who will not sing" by suggesting that they "must be playing with [their] own ding-a-ling".
Critical reception [ edit ]
The lyrics with their sly tone and innuendo (and the enthusiasm of Berry and the audience) caused many radio stations to refuse to play it. British morality campaigner Mary Whitehouse tried unsuccessfully to get the song banned.[3] "One teacher," Whitehouse wrote to the BBC's Director General, "told us of how she found a class of small boys with their trousers undone, singing the song and giving it the indecent interpretation which—in spite of all the hullabaloo—is so obvious... We trust you will agree with us that it is no part of the function of the BBC to be the vehicle of songs which stimulate this kind of behaviour—indeed quite the reverse."[4]
In Icons of Rock, Scott Schinder calls the song "a sophomoric, double-entendre-laden ode to masturbation".[5] Robert Christgau remarked that the song "permitted a lot of twelve-year-olds new insight into the moribund concept of 'dirty'".[6]
During a short spoken introduction to the song on the single, Berry refers to the song as "our alma mater".
Censorship [ edit ]
For a re-run of American Top 40, some stations, such as WOGL in Philadelphia, replaced the song with an optional extra when it aired a rerun of a November 18, 1972 broadcast of AT40 (where it ranked at #14)[7] on December 6, 2008. Among other stations, most Clear Channel-owned radio stations to whom the AT40 '70s rebroadcasts were contracted did not air the rebroadcast that same weekend, although it was because they were playing Christmas music and not because of the controversy. Even back in 1972, some stations would refuse to play the song on AT40, even when it reached number one.
The controversy was lampooned in The Simpsons episode "Lisa's Pony", in which a Springfield Elementary School student attempts to sing the song during the school's talent show. He barely finishes the first line of the refrain before an irate Principal Skinner pushes him off the stage, angrily proclaiming "This act is over!"[8][9]
Charts [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Community-supported agriculture is creating jobs and providing locals with healthy produce in underserved parts of Alameda County, California, near San Francisco.
Looking to reduce crime and recidivism, the Alameda County Sheriff's Office began urban farming job training in 2010 for unemployed residents in the unincorporated areas of Ashland and Cherryland.
What started as Dig Deep Farms has blossomed into a network of resident-run, organic food businesses accounting for 40 jobs and valued at $5 million. In a historically working class region with limited employment opportunities, the program is combating poverty and improving citizen quality of life.
“A living wage job that allows you to put food on your table and a roof over your head, while creating a product that you know is healthy and safe for your community—what would that mean to you?” asks Sheriff's Lt. Marty Neideffer in a new California State Association of Counties video .
Rates of diabetes, childhood obesity and heart disease are well above county averages in the region, as well as unemployment.
With grants, federal funds and a multi-departmental county effort, Dig Deep Farms obtained 8 acres of land to farm vegetables like tomatoes, squash and lettuce in the summer and leafy greens in the winter. There's also a 500 fruit tree orchard.
The farm operates stands in partnership with the county's Social Services Agency at four different government administrative buildings in San Leandro, Oakland and Hayward—increasing low-income families' access to fresh produce.
“An elderly lady, she'd have to go all the way to Hayworth for a grocery store on the bus, and it's a lot of bags to carry,” says Pac Rucker, assistant farm manager. “So being right here, close, they can just walk or we deliver it to them.”
Weekly individual deliveries of 6-8 pounds of produce serve up to three people and cost $19, while a family share of 10-12 pounds serves up to four people at $26. There's also a fruit-only option for three people at $19.
The deliveries can be paid for with credit or debit card or through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program electronic benefits.
“I always used to be eating candy and all that stuff,” says worker Michael Silva. “Ever since I started working here last year, I became a vegetarian and love it.”
Employees in the video talk about trying produce like chard, bok choy and kale for the first time.
The experience was educational, even if they didn't expect to stick around at the job long.
“Getting that experience to touch food, to understand that this is their nourishment, is life changing for some of them,” says farm manager Adam Hale.
According to this new Census Bureau report " Income, Poverty, and Health Insurance Coverage in the United States: 2009 ," there were 50.67 million uninsured Americans in 2009, up from 46.34 million in 2008.
The chart above shows the household income levels of those 50.67 million uninsured Americans. There were 10.6 million uninsured Americans living in households making $75,000 per year or more, and this group represents more than 1 out of every 5 uninsured (20.8% of the total number of uninsured). There were about 9.4 million Americans without health insurance in households making between $50,000 and $75,000, representing 18.5% of the uninsured. For those two groups combined, 39.3% of Americans without health insurance (20 million people) were living in households last year with $50,000 or more of household income in 2009 (see Table 8 in the Census report for these data).
Q: With $50,000 or more in household income, wouldn't many or most of those 20 million Americans be without insurance voluntarily? That is, couldn't many of those households afford health insurance? Alternatively, with those income levels (especially the 10.6 million with household income above $75,000), couldn't many of those households choose to forego health insurance in favor of being "self-insured," at least for routine health procedures? Given the widespread availability of more than a thousand convenient and affordable retail health clinics around the country at Wal-Mart, Target, Meijers, CVS and Walgreen, these households could easily be on the "pay-as-you-go" model of self-insurance for health care, at least for routine medical services.
It's also the case that more than 4 out of 10 uninsured Americans (41.8%) in 2009 were between the ages of 18 and 34 years, and the young people in that age group may also voluntarily choose not to be insured, and be "self-insured," because they are young and healthy and elect not to spend money on health insurance.
As
Thomas Sowell wrote
last year:
"As for those uninsured Americans who are supposedly the reason for all this sound and fury, there is remarkably little interest in why they are uninsured, despite the incessant repetition of the fact that they are. The endless repetition serves a political purpose but digging into the underlying facts might undermine that purpose. Many find it sufficient to say that the uninsured cannot "afford" medical insurance. But what you can afford depends not only on how much money you have but also on what your priorities are. Many people who are uninsured have incomes from which medical insurance premiums could readily be paid without any undue strain (see chart above)."
CHICAGO — Buffalo Sabres general manager Jason Botterill has all but given up on signing goalie prospect Cal Petersen.
Botterill expects the former Notre Dame star to pursue free agency at the end of next week.
"Disappointed, but we'll move on," Botterill said Friday before the first round of the NHL draft began in Chicago. "I certainly wish him all the best in his career, but we always knew that was a possibility."
Selected by Buffalo in the fifth round of the 2013 draft, Petersen put the Sabres on the clock upon announcing May 31 that he was forgoing his final year of college eligibility. That leaves Buffalo 30 days to sign Petersen before he's free to sign with any NHL team.
The player's agent, Pete Rutili, did not respond to a text message.
From Iowa, Petersen led the Fighting Irish to their third Frozen Four appearance in April and was one of five finalists for the Mike Richter Award as college hockey's top goalie. He went 23-12-5 with a 2.22 goals-against average and six shutouts last season.
In closing his Notre Dame career by making 90 consecutive starts for the fourth-longest streak in NCAA history, Petersen had a 55-39-15 record and 11 shutouts.
Botterill had little time to develop any relationship with Petersen after being hired last month to replace GM Tim Murray, who was fired along with coach Dan Bylsma in April.
The Sabres were expecting to have Petersen compete for a starting job with their minor league affiliate AHL Rochester next season.
Buffalo is otherwise set in goal at the NHL level, with Robin Lehner to return and Linus Ullmark expected to be the backup.
Botterill secured Ullmark for the Sabres by reaching a deal with the Vegas Golden Knights before the NHL expansion draft Wednesday. Botterill traded a sixth-round draft pick in getting Vegas to select forward William Carrier instead of Ullmark.
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Bell says it ignored hacker's payment demands, some info leaked
A hacker who stole almost two million customer email addresses from Canada's largest telecommunications company sought payment from BCE Inc's (BCE.TO) Bell Canada before posting some of the data online, a company spokesman said.
"A demand for payment was made by the hacker, but it was not paid," Bell spokesman Marc Choma said via email on Tuesday. "We did not reply to their demand."
The company publicly disclosed the breach late on Monday, saying it exposed about 1.9 million customer email addresses and some 1,700 names and active phone numbers.
The hacker dumped a cache of documents online, including thousands of email addresses and what appeared to be logs of customer service interactions.
The hacker warned that more information would be made public if Bell did not "cooperate."
"We are waiting for a fuller report sometime today," Canadian Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien told Reuters in a telephone interview on Tuesday, when asked if Bell Canada had followed proper procedures in responding to the cyberattack.
The cyber crime unit of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating the breach, according to Bell.
Bell said the breach was not connected to the WannaCry "ransomware" attacks that have spread across the globe since Friday and that there were no indications that any financial, password or other sensitive personal information was accessed.
BCE shares fell 0.8 per cent to $60.71 on Tuesday, while the broader index fell 0.6 per cent.
BNN is a division of Bell Media which is owned by BCE.
The lightning photograph above, shot on June 29 at 11:24 PM, shows only a small fraction of the entire lightning flash that occurred in the sky. Much of the lightning was blocked from view by clouds. The lightning plot, also from June 29 at 11:24 PM, was created by NOAA's Scott Rudlosky using data from the Washington D.C. Lightning Mapping Array (DCLMA). Note, the inserted lightning photo is not to the exact scale and perspective of the plot, but it serves to illustrate that the visible lightning was a small portion of a much larger lightning flash that occurred in the sky over Washington and surrounding suburbs.
Over a year ago, NOAA's Scott Rudlosky and I began discussing an effort to match a lightning photograph with its corresponding lightning data recorded by the Washington D.C. Lightning Mapping Array (DCLMA). We felt that we could learn more about the lightning that we see flashing across the sky by investigating the data behind the flash, such as where it originated, where it traveled, its elevation, and where it struck ground. But we needed a good lightning photo to compare with the data, and the lightning photograph needed to be taken within the DCLMA boundaries which spans much of the greater Washington area.
Finally, on the evening of June 29 - the night of the destructive derecho storm, we had our opportunity. During an intense storm chase with Ian Livingston, I photographed a unique lightning discharge over Washington. I emailed the photo to Scott with the time/date stamp and he began his investigative work.
Read below for the rest of the story to see the lightning plot, the lightning photo, and a 3D video of the lightning data.
Lightning over Washington on June 29, 2012 at 11:24 PM. NOAA's Scott Rudlosky analyzed this photo with the DCLMA data and summarized the following: The flash appears to have initiated ~22,000 feet above Landover, Md., before striking ground in the District near Brookland (right bolt) and again near Rock Creek Park (left bolt). The flash was well over 50 miles long, covering over 200 square miles. The upper branches propagated horizontally at ~40,000 feet all the way to Rockville, Md., while the branches that struck ground remained near the cloud base, propagating horizontally at ~13,500 feet. Here is a larger view of the image. (photo by Kevin Ambrose)
It was amazing what Scott learned about the lightning that I had photographed. The visible lightning in the photo, which seemed limited to downtown D.C., was really a small portion of a much larger lightning flash that spanned a distance from Rockville, Md. to well east of Landover, Md., an area covering over 200 square miles. Much of the upper portion of the lightning was obscured by clouds and the camera only photographed a small section of the lower lightning flash. Scott had all the data points to prove it.
The flash initiated ~22,000 feet above Landover, Md., before striking ground in the District near Brookland and again near Rock Creek Park. The flash was well over 50 miles long. The upper branches propagated horizontally at ~40,000 feet all the way west to Rockville, Md.
From the lightning data points, Scott created 2D and 3D vector representations of the lightning. Those representations can be viewed below as a 2D image and a 3D video. Note, because hills, trees, and buildings partially block the lightning sensors, the very lowest portion of the lightning, near the ground, is often not detected and thus not represented on the plots.
I will continue to photograph lightning and perhaps Scott and I can find lightning to research and post about in the future. After this initial project, however, I will never “view” lightning the same way again.
This plot provides a 2-D depiction of a lightning flash recorded by the Washington D.C. Lightning Mapping Array (DCLMA) on June 29 at 11:24 PM. The 11:24 PM time stamp on the photo was used to find the matching DCLMA lightning data. Note, because hills, trees, and buildings partially block the lightning sensors, the very lowest portion of the lightning, near the ground, is often not detected and represented on the plot. (plot by Scott Rudlosky)
From Scott Rudlosky, about the DCLMA project:
The DCLMA is a joint demonstration project involving NASA, NOAA, New Mexico Tech, and a number of local sponsors. The network consists of 10 sensors that monitor very high frequency (VHF) radio waves (radiation sources) emitted by lightning flashes. A computer algorithm then combines the individual radiation sources into lightning flashes based on spatial and temporal criteria. The network is most sensitive to the radio frequencies emitted by portions of lightning flashes that remain in the clouds, but it also detects portions of cloud-to-ground lightning channels, especially when the network is at peak performance (i.e., 10 of 10 sensors operational).
The video above provides a 3-D depiction of a lightning flash recorded by the Washington D.C. Lightning Mapping Array (DCLMA) and CWG Photographer Kevin Ambrose on June 29 at 11:24 PM. Note, because hills, trees, and buildings partially block the lightning sensors, the very lowest portion of the lightning, near the ground, is often not detected and represented on the plot. (video by Scott Rudlosky)
The DCLMA is a research system providing real-time data to NWS forecasters to improve user readiness for the next generation geostationary satellite series (GOES-R). GOES-R will house a Geostationary Lightning Mapper (GLM) that will provide a public source of real-time lightning information throughout the United States and adjacent oceans for the first time. Thus, insights gained using the DCLMA information will be applied following launch of GOES-R. Meanwhile, the DCLMA continues to provide detailed 3-D lightning observations that help inform decision makers regarding severe weather and lightning threats.
Related post: Lightning gone wild during Washington D.C.'s derecho
WASHINGTON — As the Senate voted Wednesday night on a bipartisan deal to reopen the government and avert a national default, President Obama emerged from the Oval Office prepared to head to the White House briefing room to deliver a televised statement. But he was thinking beyond the moment.
Pausing near his secretary's desk, Mr. Obama reached into his in-box and found the draft remarks prepared for the next day in which he planned to move past the confrontation. He sat down in a chair and began editing the speech. This was the moment to push ahead, he told aides, to press his advantage and lay out specific areas where he could make progress with Republicans.
By nearly all accounts, Mr. Obama emerged the winner of the showdown, having stared down attempts to undercut his health care program or force other concessions, but it is not clear what he actually won. Did he change the dynamic of his tumultuous presidency and break the cycle of Washington gridlock, opening the way to more meaningful legislation in months to come? Or did he merely kick the can down the road three months so he and Congress will be in the same place again, repeating a pattern that will define his remaining three years in office?
The president and his team hope that Congressional Republicans, stung by this week's defeat, re-evaluate their scorched-earth strategy and seek agreement with Mr. Obama on issues like immigration and long-term spending to demonstrate that they can govern. But they fear the opposition may instead double down and become even more determined to prevent the White House from getting the upper hand in future legislative battles.
Australian Accent Came From “Alcoholic Slur” Of Early Settlers, Says Expert
The Australian accent is a beautiful thing. Well, it's a beautiful thing to some. To others it can sound so drunken and drawn out that one communication expert actually believes Australia's unique vocal tones are the result of an “alcoholic slur” developed by its early settlers, which sounds about right.
Dean Frenkel, a public speaking and communication lecturer at Melbourne's Victoria University, has published an editorial piece in The Age, in which he says “drunken Aussie-speak” was formed generations ago and has been passed on through even the most sober locals.
While calling for Aussie schools to teach verbal expression and delivery, Mr Frenkel says “the Australian alphabet cocktail was spiked by alcohol”.
“Our forefathers regularly got drunk together and through their frequent interactions unknowingly added an alcoholic slur to our national speech patterns,” he says. “For the past two centuries, from generation to generation, drunken Aussie-speak continues to be taught by sober parents to their children.”
Mr Frenkel says the average Aussie speaks to just two thirds of their capacity, “With one third of our articulator muscles always sedentary as if lying on the couch; and that's just concerning articulation.”
Maaaaaaate, that's a big call! You sure you don't want a beer?
Mr Frenkel says Australians can often leave out consonants like the ‘t' in “impordant” and the ‘l' in “Austraya”, while “lazily” transforming vowels into other vowels, like ‘a' becoming ‘e' in “stending” and ‘i' becoming ‘oi' in “noight”.
Here's an example: “I'm stending up for Austraya even tho it's noight toime, 'cause it's impordant.” If you could read that without a hitch, you're either drunk or Australian.
Old maaaaaate Mr Frenkel says “Aussie-speak developed in the early days of colonial settlement from a cocktail of English, Irish, Aboriginal and German” before alcohol “slipped into the mix”.
That said, he also thinks that because “articulation is a functional product of our neuro-muscular network, it is possible that our national speech impediment is a symptom of inferior brain functioning”, which sounds ridiculous and is “countered by a significant set of cerebral people who think brilliantly but express poorly”.
According to the Linguistics Department at Sydney's Macquarie University, the flat and nasally Australian accent developed from a mix of dialects finds in early settler colonies.
“The children in the new colony would have been exposed to a wide range of different dialects from all over England but mainly the south east, particularly from London,” the department says.
“They would have created the new dialect from elements present in the speech they heard around them in response to their need to express peer solidarity. Even when new settlers arrived, this new dialect of the children would have been strong enough to deflect the influence of new children.”
So, the Aussie accent could be a result of combining dialects or combining alcohol, but it's probably just both.
Lady Gaga's recent meeting with the Dalai Lama in Indiana has cost her a little fanbase of 1.4 billion people: China's Communist Party has added the singer to a list of "hostile foreign forces."
via Lady Gaga's Facebook
D.L. and L.G. met before a conference on ending violence around the world in Indianapolis Sunday, and spoke on meditating and "detoxifying" humanity from the unfathomable amount of crises occurring around the world.
Their pow-wow was streamed on Gagz's Facebook page.
China has branded Dalai Lama a threat since he went into exile to India in 1959, during the Tibetan Uprising--the government feels the leader has been working on breaking Tibet from Chinese rule, in order to establish his own tyrannical theocracy.
Apparently, China's propaganda machine wasted NO time, and issued a ban on all of Gaga's discography from, with its web servers being order to stop distribution of all disco sticks indefinitely.
They mean business, too: when a foreign reporter asked a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry if Gaga was GoneGone, he pulled a Mariah...
...by that, I mean:
Me: will @ladygaga meet with @DalaiLama lead to a bad romance with China?
China Foreign Ministry spokesman: who?
— Benjamin Haas 本雅明 (@haasbenjamin) June 27, 2016
Savage.
Gaga is in good company for other pro-Tibet famous folk who are no longer welcome in the big C.
Among them...
Brad Pitt, for starring in Seven Years In Tibet...
Richard Gere, for being Buddhist, and down with the D.L...
Sharon Stone, for being an outspoken humanitarian, and making comments about China's treatment of Tibetans following 2008's Sichuan earthquake...
Björk, for her consistent support of Tibetan independence, and for beginning a "Free Tibet" chant at a concert in Shanghai in 2008.
Also, this:
Martin Scorsese, for making his pro-Tibet biopic Kundun, about the current Dalai Lama, in 1997...
And Harrison Ford, for testifying at the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee that he supported Tibetan independence.
Summary
This is an enclosure for the optional LCD Selector used on the Sega ST-V Titan Arcade Multi-Cart. It's designed to help protect the various PCBs that make up the selector in a nice sleek package.
Print Settings
Notes:
I highly recommend printing the buttons with a 10mm skirt. This will make installation easier than you can drop them all in as one unit and the skirt is flexible enough to not cause any problems pushing the buttons. There are no other special settings required to print this.
Post-Printing
To assemble this start by removing the LCD section of the selector and putting the support block below it. This is to keep the LCD section from flexing when pushing the buttons and giving the whole thing a more solid feel. The Small nub fits in the pcb hole nearest the buttons to keep it from sliding around.
Make sure all of the cables are plugged into the Selector then insert the top edge of the selector assembly into the bottom housing first so that the two pin connector at the top of the selector goes into the hole before the bottom edge of the selector is pushed down into the housing.
Insert the buttons into the top part of the housing. If you used the skirt it should stay in place fairly well, otherwise you may have to flip the whole assembly upside down while you're putting the two halves together to keep the buttons from falling out.
Make sure the wires are all fed through the opening in the side and nothing is being pinched. Once together you'll need four 30mm long M3 bolts these should be inserted from the top and gently tightened with a lot of downward pressure to help cut threads into the bottom housing.
Until it was shut down last year, the company registration business of New Zealander Ian Taylor was one of the most outrageous examples of the criminal services industry – companies that enable organized crime, terrorists and corrupt government officials to steal money, evade taxes and hide ownership. Now Taylor is back – with a new company and a new host country.
Publika TV is one of the largest television stations broadcasting in the Republic of Moldova, yet oddly, despite its influence and importance, it is impossible to determine who really owns it. On paper, the man who runs the company in charge of Publika is Anatoli Zosciuc, 46, a Ukrainian-born former mechanic and customs inspector.
Zosciuc does not have the resume of a media magnate. He is likely just a proxy.
Anatoli Zosciuc
Proxies are individuals whose names are used in the place of real owners who want to hide their identities as beneficiaries of companies. Proxies often do this for a fee, but sometimes they are victims of identity theft and don't even know they are directors. OCCRP tried to reach Zosciuc but he did not answer his phone.
Publika's ownership is even more complex, and troubling.
Publika is owned by a Moldovan corporation called Stiri Media Group, which in turn, is owned by a Rochdale International Limited of New Zealand.
Rochdale is owned by a nested set of companies that lead to another proxy – like a set of Russian Matrioshka dolls that fit one inside the other. This complex structure effectively obscures Publika's true ownership and finances.
Rochdale International Limited is a phantom or shell company – a company that has no office, no staff and no bank accounts. It exists on paper to hide the real owners and beneficiaries.
The nominal director, or proxy, of Rochdale is the controversial offshore company formation agent Ian Taylor.
THE TAYLOR NETWORK
The business of Ian Taylor and his family is to register companies. They are well known to reporters, law enforcement, due diligence professionals, lawyers and others. Beginning in November of 2010, OCCRP published articles detailing how Taylor and his family helped build a network of offshore companies that criminals used to launder money, evade taxes and hide their identity through phantom companies. The reports showed how Russian crime networks and Asian organized crime groups, among others, used companies registered by the Taylors.
In the wake of the OCCRP report, New Zealand authorities cracked down on the Taylors.. In June of 2011, New Zealand authorities forced the shuttering of the Taylor's registration empire including GT Group, the notorious registration agent used by so many criminals and terrorists over the years. Their businesses in the Pacific island of Vanuatu also closed. Thousands of the companies they had registered were delisted.
But Ian Taylor is back in business helping to hide the ownership of Moldova's media.
The Taylors never ceased doing business in New Zealand. They just changed tactics, re-branded and shifted to a new website.
OCCRP discovered an active website, http://readymadeshelfcompany.com, that performs the same services in New Zealand that Ian Taylor said had been stopped. The website registered the phantom company Rochdale International, which links to Publika in Moldova through Stiri Media.
The website offers services that can be used to launder money and evade taxes including:
Providing a pre-registered offshore company in a popular tax haven
Opening and operating offshore bank accounts.
Creating “nominee directors” and “nominee shareholders” to serve as proxies which allows hiding the real owners.
Creating an offshore address with a Registered Agent.
They also can create a “Virtual Office” because, according to the website:
“Many businesses throughout the world suffer from poor location when entering the international market. A Virtual Office allows you to give the appearance of being located in a country known for its highly regarded and clean reputation.”
While none of these services are illegal and the Taylors offer services available from many other firms, what distinguished them is the remarkable array of criminals using their services.
In June of 2011, in breaking the news to his customers that the registration business would shutter, Taylor told his current customers that they would be transferred to another firm that would “incorporate a new structure in a reputable Asian jurisdiction” with services provided by “a bank you will already know and trust.”
Taylor's customers appear to have been transferred to another Taylor-controlled firm with a new address. The website's contact information lists the Menara Citibank in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia – Asia -- as its mailing address.
OCCRP called the offices of readymadeshelfcompany.com but a secretary in Kuala Lumpur said Ian Taylor was not there and no one was available to talk about the company's business.
THE TAYLORS REBRAND, WITH A NEW PROXY
cracked down in New Zealand. But the Taylors had already begun migrating work to Malaysia and the majority of the new New Zealand-based shell companies offered on the site list Ian Taylor and a new proxy, Angelique Lilley, as directors or shareholders.
Rochdale International Limited was incorporated on Feb. 22, 2011. By Dec. 31, 2011, RSHRS Limited had changed addresses. On Feb. 16, 2012, Lilley, the new proxy, became director and shareholder of a phantom company called Atherstone Limited. Atherstone, through a web of other shell companies, holds all the shares of RSHRS Limited and in turn, Rochdale International Limited.
Lilley, who listed her occupation as “mother,” as late as 2009 in New Zealand records, is now the proxy shareholder of one the biggest media companies in the Republic of Moldova.
Approached by a Fairfax New Zealand reporter at her back section house in Nayland Rd, Stoke, this week, Ms Lilley declined to answer questions or be photographed.
"I'm not doing anything wrong, I'm just working,'' she said.
She said incorrect information about "us'' had been printed in the past but wouldn't say who she was working for, or confirm any relationship with Geoffrey or Ian Taylor.
"Those are the names that always come up.''
Asked about ownership of the Moldova television station, she asked for the station's name, and wrote it down.
She later said by email: "Thank you for your enquiry. I offer legitimate nominee services. I have no knowledge of a TV station in Europe. Have a lovely weekend."
A man in the house with her used a phone to photograph or film the reporter and photographer, and would not give his name.
Who is Really Behind Publika
Before being owned by Rochdale International Limited, Publika was owned by a company from Cyprus called Bluelink Comunicazione. This company was founded by Sorin Ovidiu Vintu, a Romanian currently serving jail time on blackmail charges (P9_VINTU_JAIL). The same Bluelink is still a majority shareholder of a news television station in Romania, Realitatea TV. There are numerous connections between Taylor and Vintu.
Taylor has long partnered with Lazlo Kiss, a Romanian registry agent currently charged along with Vintu by Romanian authorities with embezzlement and money laundering via offshore companies. According to Romanian prosecution records, Kiss, whose own company is registered in New Zealand and owned on paper by Taylor, allegedly helped set up Romanian money laundering schemes for Vintu.
Taylor's network of proxies also thrives outside of New Zealand and Eastern Europe.
Lilley is listed as director of more than a dozen Panama. Other proxies include directors Victor Manuel Perez Acosta, who has an address in Mexico, and Nesita Mercea, who was struck off most of the New Zealand companies, but is also the director of more than 50 shell companies based in England.
TRANSPARENCY WILL HAVE TO WAIT, FOR NEW ZEALAND
The offshore financial networks that shroud company ownership also depend on government regulations that allow them to set up shop.
In an email to OCCRP, Alastair Stewart, the communications advisor in the New Zealand Ministry of Economic Development, wrote:
“As an open economy, New Zealand company law allows any person to form a company, so long as the company has a name, shares, at least one shareholder, and at least one director.”
According to Stewart, New Zealand authorities are taking additional steps to strengthen the financial regulatory system and anti-money laundering frameworks, including passing the Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) of 2009 that “will increase the ability of government and the financial sector to deter and detect money laundering and terrorist financing, and will substantially enhance New Zealand's compliance with the FATF standards.”
Unfortunately, the law is unlikely to take full effect until June of 2013.
The Taylors do not appear to have broken New Zealand law. However, the Taylors' activities have cost New Zealand international credibility.
In February of 2012, the European Union struck New Zealand from the banking and corporate “white list,” in part because a Taylor-registered firm appeared to be engaged in massive money laundering through Latvian banks. (see the Proxy Platform) The removal meant that the EU would not recognize or acknowledge New Zealand's “know your customer” analyses due to the country's weak anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws.
Taylor could not be reached for comment.
Reported and Written by Ion Preasca, Mihai Munteanu and Matt Sarnecki
Image caption The Orange Order has applied to parade along the Crumlin Road on Saturday
The Orange Order has applied to the Parades Commission to stage a parade in north Belfast on Saturday.
Part of the route would be along the Crumlin Road.
There have been five days of rioting in Northern Ireland since the order was banned from returning along a part of Crumlin Road that separates loyalist and nationalist communities on 12 July.
The Parades Commission is to issue its ruling on the proposed parade on Thursday.
The parade is to start in the Shankill area and proceed to Ligoniel Orange Hall.
Sinn Féin MLA Gerry Kelly said the Orange Order had not learned any lessons from the violence over the last few days and were doing damage to community relations and themselves.
"All this application does is inflame the situation," he said.
"Tensions need to de-escalate not increase, but the Orange Order are still sending out the same confrontational messages.
"Is there anyone with sense in the Orange Order that is going to pull back from this? Where is the leadership?"
SDLP MLA Alban Maginness said the application was "unhelpful and irresponsible".
"I am calling on the Orange Order to see sense and withdraw their application," he said.
"This is particularly important given the community tensions and recent violence.
"It is time now for leadership and calm and I am calling on the Orange Order to do the right thing."
The Orange Order has not commented on its application.
Meanwhile, a further 300 mutual aid officers from other UK police services were due to arrive in Belfast on Wednesday to help the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
The latest group brings the total number used over the 12 July period to 1,300.
The first group of 630 officers has already gone back to Britain. About 600 will remain in Northern Ireland when the new contingent arrives.
12-year-old arrested
Police said 35 petrol bombs were thrown and six cars burnt out in Belfast and Newtownabbey on Tuesday night.
Image caption One of the cars burnt out during disturbances in east Belfast
Among those arrested was a 12-year-old boy.
Assistant Chief Constable Will Kerr said: "A 12-year-old boy was arrested on the streets of Newtownabbey at one o'clock this morning for being involved in attacking the police," he said.
"Apart from the fact of how frighteningly irresponsible it is to allow a child of that age out onto the streets at that time of the morning, to allow them to engage in a riot just beggars belief."
He said police had established a special team to investigate the rioting, to identify and arrest this taking part.
Photographer attacked
Police also came under attack after large crowds gathered on the Newtownards Road in east Belfast.
Four cars were set on fire. A French press photographer was assaulted by rioters and had his camera stolen.
A car and moped were set alight on O'Neill Road, Newtownabbey, County Antrim.
Two petrol bombs and a number of other missiles hit a police vehicle in the area, but there were no reports of any injuries.
Police also deployed water cannon for a time in the Mount Vernon area of north Belfast after petrol bombs were thrown at police. A car was set alight.
In the five nights of trouble since the trouble started, 71 police officers - 68 PSNI and three mutual aid - have been injured, 62 people have been arrested (including seven on Tuesday), 51 plastic bullets have been fired by police and at least 125 petrol bombs have been thrown at officers.
From Chuck Todd:
Is Commerce Dept. Built Ford Tough? Posted: Friday, February 13, 2009 6:01 PM by Chuck Todd
From NBC's Chuck Todd Harold Ford Jr. for Commerce Secretary? It's something a few Democrats around town are pushing and, according to sources, the idea of appointing the former Tennessee Congressman is being given serious thought by folks high up in the Obama administration. On paper, Ford checks a lot of boxes for a easy-to-confirm nominee for this post: He's a pro-business Democrat (remember, this is Commerce Secretary so the job is to be a promoter of business); he's a former member of the Congressional Black Caucus (you'll recall this whole kerfuffle over control of the census under a Judd Gregg-led Commerce Dept. was started by complaints from the CBC); and he's a practiced spokesperson on TV (the Geithner rollout this week is a reminder that the administration doesn't have enough solid media savvy members of his team who can sell the administration's policies.).
Mr. President, I know I don't need to tell you this. I know you're smart enough to know that appointing Harold Ford, Jr. to ANYTHING is a mistake. He is a snake that can't be trusted. There are enough Black folk who were actually loyal and supportive of you that you could nominate – HERE IS A POST GIVING YOU A LIST – than for you to nominate someone who had nothing good to say about you, and repeatedly- throughout the ENTIRE ELECTION SEASON – did nothing but try and undermine you at every turn. You loved your grandmother; he LIED on his for votes.
Reward those that supported YOU, Mr. President. Harold Ford, Jr. would never be YOUR choice. You could NEVER doubt that he'd be trying to undermine you at every turn. While I and others would welcome an African-American in the position of Secretary of Commerce, I'd rather someone honest, than a complete, untrustworthy snake like Ford. Besides the ‘character' question, how is he remotely qualified?
Look up into the tree canopy of the urban tropics in South Asia, Australia, or equatorial Africa and as often as not you will find masses of Pteropos fruit bats, hanging from the branches like so many furry stalactites. Their forests cut down by bulldozers, torched by slash-and-burn farmers, or desiccated from a disrupted climate, fruit bats increasingly intrude upon human communities, adapting to the orchards and cultivated fruit trees of the cities, farms, and suburbs that have subsumed their forests.
With those bats come diseases that spread to humans, and a growing body of research suggests that their microbes — as well as other pathogens that jump from animals to people — are spreading more rapidly because of climate change and deforestation.
The ongoing deforestation of African rainforests, for example, has increased such encounters, by bringing humans closer to infected bats. Roughly 4 percent of Congo basin rainforests were lost during the 1990s alone. With habitat loss devastating many animal species hunted for game meat, impoverished villagers have stepped up their predation on survivor species such as fruit bats.
In Congo in 2007, for example, local hunters slaughtered thousands of fruit bats with their shotguns, and villages were “literally inundated” with blood-bathed bat corpses, according to scientists. As a result, 260 people became infected with the deadly Ebola virus, which scientists believe had lived quietly in the bats and then was transmitted to the villagers exposed to the bats' blood and other fluids. A total of 186 people perished. Scientists in Gabon and Congo have traced that Ebola outbreak to a massive migration of fruit bats into the stricken villages just prior to the epidemic.
“When you disrupt the balance, you are precipitating the spillover of pathogens from wildlife to livestock or humans,” says the Wildlife Trust's veterinary epidemiologist and public health expert, Jonathan Epstein.
Other bat-related outbreaks of deadly diseases in humans have occurred in recent years in Malaysia and Bangladesh, sometimes because of changes in weather patterns or in land use as human settlements and agriculture increasingly encroach upon forested areas. And there is growing evidence that rising temperatures and unusual rainfall patterns have already expanded the risk of diseases carried by insects, a phenomenon that is expected to worsen as the world continues to warm this century and insects shift their ranges to higher latitudes and elevations.
These developments have given rise to a growing consensus among many wildlife biologists and public health experts who advocate a new approach to conservation and public health called “conservation medicine,” which promotes interdisciplinary collaborations to expose the links between ecosystems, the health of wildlife, and humans that lead to the emergence of new pathogens.
In recent years, for instance, scientists have been ferreting out the connections between climate change and human health. They've found that spasms of cholera correlate with changing sea surface temperatures and that diarrhea outbreaks arrive as the mercury climbs. They've discovered associations between seasonal weather patterns and malaria that are so strong that outbreaks can be predicted with the weather forecast.
The pace of pathogens jumping from animals into humans has quickened, experts say.
The so-called meningitis belt in West Africa has expanded in recent years, thanks to land-use and climate changes, the Intergovernmental Panel onClimate Change (IPCC) notes. Malaria has newly established itself in the East African highlands as the region warms. The destruction of thousands of acres of Peruvian rainforest has created new mosquito habitat and unleashed more than 120,000 cases of malaria in the late 1990s, Stanford University's Amy Vittor and colleagues have found, compared to fewer than 150 a year in the early 1990s.
And future climate change could intensify the burden of these diseases in some places, allowing still others to annex new territory. According to the IPCC's 2007 assessment, a 2- to 5-degree F increase in the average global temperature could lead by 2100 to longer seasons of malaria transmission in Africa and a 5 to 7 percent extension of the disease into higher latitudes. Coupled with projected population growth, the changing climate could nearly double the number of people at risk of infection from dengue fever by 2080.
Humans have been acquiring microbial pathogens from animals and insects for millennia, from the measles we got from goats to the malaria bestowed upon us by mosquitoes. But in the past six decades, the pace of pathogens jumping from animals into humans — collectively dubbed “zoonoses” — has quickened, experts say.
The transmission of the filovirus Ebola from bats to humans illustrates the complexity of the spread of these diseases and its relation to climate change and land disturbance. Simple bat-human contact isn't sufficient for the filovirus Ebola to erupt.
The destruction of Peruvian rainforest has created new mosquito habitat and unleashed more than 120,000 cases of malaria.
“It's a cascade of events” that bring bats, apes, and humans together in unusual ways, aggravated in part by “unique climatic conditions,” says World Health Organization zoonoses expert Pierre Formenty. According to a NASA analysis of meteorologic satellite data, Ebola outbreaks correlate with heavy rains at the end of a period of intense aridity. Extremely dry conditions force some fruit trees to defer fruiting. When the rains come and the stricken trees put out fruit, all manner of fruit-starved species, including Pteropus bats and apes, gather to feast. Large numbers of creatures concentrated under newly fruit-heavy trees provide microbes such as Ebola a prime opportunity to jump from one species to another. And once Ebola starts circulating heavily in a new species such as apes or bats, it can readily be transmitted through infected blood and other fluids to humans.
Whether the warming planet will aggravate the unusual rainfall patterns that set the scene for Ebola outbreaks remains unclear. While experts in conservation medicine have made great strides delineating the links between climate and disease, projections about how disease patterns will shift as the climate changes are still nascent. Worryingly, however, a trend toward aridity has already been noted across African rainforests.
There's much we can do to diminish the burden of a disrupted disease landscape, with prompt treatment and well-planned prevention.
Abnormal patterns of human-bat contact, aggravated by intensified agriculture, led to the emergence of the lethal Nipah virus in Malaysia. Thevirus, which scientists isolated inside fruit bats, first erupted at an industrial-scale pig farm in 1998. Scientists suspect that the bats fed on the cultivated fruit trees overhanging the pigs' troughs, contaminating the pigs with virus-infected feces, urine, and saliva. The pigs fell ill first, their huge numbers rapidly amplifying the virus and enabling it to jump to the local farmers. Forty percent died of acute encephalitis within a matter of weeks. Nipah virus has also emerged in South Asia and now erupts in Bangladesh nearly every year, killing 70 percent of the afflicted. By 2007, 123 people had been felled.
And it's not just bats. In the United States, environmental disruptions have allowed microbes from rodents and birds to find their way into humans, too. During the late 1990s, two novel diseases emerged in the United States: hantavirus and West Nile virus. Scientists suspect the arrival of the new scourges are the result of the changing climate, and, indeed, so far both diseases have been linked to weather patterns that are expected to intensify as the world warms. Concern is high that more such novel diseases may emerge as the climate continues to change.
A never-before-seen hantavirus struck the southwestern United States in the early 1990s, after an El-Nino-associated cycle of early season heavy rains ended a six-year-long drought. According to Paul Epstein of Harvard Medical School's Center for Health and the Global Environment, the drought had reportedly winnowed the ranks of owls, snakes, and coyotes while the rains fattened supplies of pine nuts and grasshoppers, both of which allowed the local deer mice population to explode ten-fold. Deer mice overran local communities, and hantavirus, which may have been living quietly inside rodent populations for years, exited through their feces and into the dry air and the airways of the people. The scourge broke out again in 1998, following a 1997 El Nino event. As with Nipah virus, hantavirus now regularly plagues the southwestern United States. Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome kills 37 percent of its victims; by 2007, 165 had died.
West Nile virus, transmitted by mosquitoes from birds to humans, first emerged on American soil in 1999 and its arrival similarly has a “very strong climate trigger,” Harvard's Epstein says. According to a recent report by scientists from New York University and Harvard, cases of West Nile virus between 2001 and 2005 increased by 50 percent with every 9-degree F rise in the mean maximum weekly temperature, and 33 percent after heavy rains. Warmth and heavy rain tend to lead to an abundance of the Culex mosquitoes that transmit the microbe.
Between 1999 and 2007, the Centers for Disease Control logged over 27,000 cases of West Nile virus infection, some 8 to 10 percent of which end in death. With the correlation between climate and West Nile virus already evident, researchers speculate that the warmer temperatures and heavier downpours that climate change models predict will likely increase the burden of West Nile virus in coming years.
Human health, of course, is a complex beast. Much of the impact of these changes will depend upon factors other than the climate: our own population growth, our immune systems, and the care with which we craft our health systems and distribute medical goods. There's much we can do to diminish the burden of a disrupted disease landscape, with prompt treatment and well-planned prevention. The burden of some diseases may even decline.
But no sophisticated diagnostic method nor high-tech medical care can save us from new pathogens, which by definition cause indeterminate illness of uncertain origins. This fall, the Institute of Medicine called for greater political commitment and funding for global surveillance of emerging zoonoses.
The trouble is, of the estimated one million unique viruses carried by vertebrate species — and thus potential zoonotic threats — a mere 2,000 have been described. Surveillance of wildlife health, which could provide early warning of zoonotic pathogens on the move, is minimal, particularly in those parts of the world where contact between wild species and people are most intimate.
Fortunately, most of the time, microbial forays into new species are either benign or unsuccessful, extinguished by the new host's immune responses or by the microbe's own failure to thrive. “Only a tiny fraction are going to become human pathogens,” says Centers for Disease Control medical ecologist James Mills. And even with new zoonotic pathogens cropping up with increasing frequency, the actual number of deaths from the diseases they cause is still miniscule, compared to old killers such as malaria.
But the potential risks of new pathogens adapting to the human body are indisputable. And it only takes one. After all, not many people died when a lentivirus of Cameroonian chimps first jumped into humans sometime in the 1930s, even as it carved a foothold in the rapidly growing colonial African city of Leopoldville. But then it evolved into a form that efficiently preyed upon humankind. Between 1981 and 2007, 55 million souls were infected, and to date the disease it causes — AIDS — has killed more than 25 million.
Exclusive
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink: We must be patient with Olamide Shodipo
Olamide Shodipo (left) has become a regular fixture in QPR's first-team squad this season (Pic: Press Association). EMPICS Sport
QPR boss Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has reiterated that Olamide Shodipo has a big part to play in his long-term plans at QPR, but says the club must be patient with him as he continues his development.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The 19-year-old's emergence in the Rs first team has been a rare bright spark from a challenging start to the campaign, with Hasselbaink promising supporters that they'll be seeing a lot more of the Republic of Ireland Under-21 winger as the season progresses.
He told the Times: “We will definitely be putting him in and around the team regularly.
“We won't be afraid of giving him minutes or starting him because we believe that's the club we are in giving younger players the opportunities. He has plenty of potential.
“That's what QPR was about in the past and that's what we want it to be, now. We're not going to be afraid of giving young players an opportunity and then it's up to them if they take it or not.
“Mide is one of them. Niko (Hamalainen) is one of them. Osman (Kakay) is one of them.
“We do believe that Mide has a bright future but, that being said, you need to give him room to fail. That's where we have to be better.”
The Dutchman is confident that Shodipo can go on to have a similar impact to that of Junior Hoilett – who recently linked up with former Rs boss Neil Warnock at Cardiff City – as he impressed while under his tutelage last season.
He added: “We think so, but you have to think of Mide's age and how many matches he has played and what kind of experience he has. Junior; we got the best out of him but he had that experience.
“He had the pedigree behind him. Mide is learning and doesn't have that experience.
“It's the first time he's training and playing in this intensity in his career and he's doing really well. “
“He's got that rawness, he's not afraid, he has that streetness and that fight. It's getting that discipline in him now and that knowhow and that really needs time.
“We want to be able to sell players whose values are £20-25 million instead of us keeping on buying.
“We need to produce young talent at this football club. Having hungry players like Mide here will help us take this football club forward – I have absolutely no doubt about that.
“More than anything we want players who want to be here and wear the shirt – we had to change the mentality at this football club.
“We don't want players who are coming to QPR for the money or just because we are a club in London –that era has ended.”
(currently no "photos me in cosplay" since this promo page was made before any con, but after 28th feb I will slowly add photos here, so just WIPs, and below there are my other cosplays)
EMPOWER YOURSELF
- My name is Tomaxko and I am a fan of cosplay.I work as a programmer and with 2 friends we have made some nice games (check them here) , but now i would like to show you my cosplay work.so lets begin:My latest cosplay is- from(skin: steel legion)Sword:Hands:legs:only torso:wip:healthbar:me working :)complet comparingfail / WINfail / WINThe whole cosplay took me about 3 months (2 months of daily work) and nearly 400euro. I would like to thank to my Mom for support, my girl for big help with testings, my friends that boosted me, especially: Monika, Shio, Veronika and the Lol cz/sk fcb page . THANK YOU!and the rest of the cosplays:LeonidasWolverineSexy WolverineLMFAOme and memixshare me if you can :)share me if you can :)
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- An outspoken Criminal Court judge who at one point broadcast specific details about his personal life on Facebook.com has been transferred from Staten Island to a position in Manhattan.
Judge Matthew A. Sciarrino Jr., a 41-year-old Staten Island resident, is being transferred from Stapleton to Manhattan as of Monday, said David Bookstaver, a spokesman with the city Office of Court Administration.
Bookstaver declined to comment on the reason for Sciarrino's transfer.
But several court insiders, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity, described several "issues" that had arisen concerning Sciarrino's alleged behavior on and off the bench, including his activities on social-networking sites.
Sciarrino, who was appointed by Mayor Michael Bloomberg, served as a Criminal Court judge for two years in Brooklyn before moving to Targee Street in 2007 to preside primarily over misdemeanor cases.
He'll be replaced by Judge Desmond Green, Bookstaver said. Green was once assigned to Stapleton Criminal Court but was shifted to Brooklyn last year. Green sits on the bench in Stapleton on weekends, and substitutes for Sciarrino and Judge Alan J. Meyer in case of illness.
For several months, Sciarrino allowed the public to view his Facebook.com page, which included photographs of his children and, at times, blow-by-blow details of his location and schedule.
He had also updated his Facebook "status" while sitting on the bench and once, sources said, he took a photo of his crowded courtroom and put it on his Facebook page.
The posting was removed almost immediately, one source said.
"It's all childish. I don't think it was meant to harm anybody. The man was on Facebook 24 hours a day. If you were on Facebook, you saw what he was doing all the time," a source said.
Sciarrino's profile is currently set to private.
Sciarrino has also spoken publicly about the condition of the Stapleton Criminal Court building, and tried to make the case in the media for a third judge to alleviate the court's caseload.
"The return of our third judge is absolutely necessary in order for us to get things done and to get the caseloads down again," Sciarrino told the Advance in an article in October 2008.
In so doing, he went around Justice Philip G. Minardo, administrative judge for civil and criminal matters on Staten Island, one source said.
"He tried to get a third judge, that was good, but I don't think he went about it the right way. He circumvented the system," the source said.
LAS VEGAS -- It's one thing to outlast hundreds or thousands of poker players to win one of the World Series of Poker's 68 events and a coveted gold bracelet.
It's another thing entirely to win a game you've never played before.
Christian Pham of St. Paul, Minnesota, did exactly that Thursday, rising to the top of 219 players, including a few poker icons, by accident.
The 40-year-old professional poker player said he intended to play no-limit Texas Hold 'em but instead inadvertently signed up for a different game happening the same day: no-limit deuce-to-seven draw lowball. The cost? A $1,500 buy-in.
A fortunate mistake for Christian Pham led to him winning a WSOP event and a gold bracelet. AP Photo/John Locher
"It's a totally different game. Different mindset, different strategies," said Shaun Harris, Pham's dealer at the final table.
The goal of the game is to have the lowest poker hand, no straights or flushes, and if a player ends up with a pair, it's better if it's a pair of twos. Players can also draw cards.
Pham said he didn't realize his mistake until he was dealt five cards instead of the usual two. He panicked then observed, leaning on helpful players who advised him what beat what.
"At first you suspect an act, but if it was, it was very good," said Chris Mecklin, who was sitting next to Pham when the game's newbie realized he had made a mistake.
The next day, Mecklin signed in to WSOP.com to check on the game's results.
"Imagine my surprise when I see the photo of the chip leader!" Mecklin said in an email.
Pham said the guidance from his fellow players at the table helped, and he studied the night in between. In the end, he said it was his tournament acumen for when and how much to bet and managing his chips that got him to the top.
On Friday, he was $81,314 richer, holding up his gold bracelet and hearing the playing of Vietnam's national anthem. Every winner of the tournament's 68 events gets to hear his or her anthem of choice.
Pham moved 15 years ago from Vietnam to Minnesota, where he delivered newspapers. He played his first cash poker game in 2008 and later won second place in a local tournament along with several thousand dollars.
He didn't think of poker as a way to make a living, though, and gave it up until 2012.
Then he won a $200 satellite tournament in 2014 that sent him to Caesars Palace in Las Vegas for the World Series of Poker's circuit main event, where he won the gold ring and $214,332.
"After that, I thought this game might be very good to me," he said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SOUTH SALT LAKE, Utah — The body of an American Fork man who disappeared last month has been found, according to statements by his family and South Salt Lake Police.
Paul Swenson had been last seen July 27 at his home in American Fork, and police said he left American Fork for an appointment in Salt Lake County, but never returned.
Hundreds turned out to search in the Salt Lake valley, with no sign except Swenson's car, which was found near 900 South and 900 West in Glendale.
Then on Sunday around 4 p.m. police were dispatched to Mill Creek, near 135 W 2950 S, to a report of the discovery of a body. Crews recovered the body downstream.
Monday afternoon, police confirmed the body was that of Swenson.
"They determined through clothing, ID in the victim's pocket, and tattoos that this was in fact the body of Paul Swenson," Executive Officer Gary Keller with South Salt Lake Police said.
They now have to figure out how long the body had been in the river, as well as pinpoint where Swenson ended up in the water, how-- and why.
"We don't know how long he's been down, but I will say that the body was in poor condition. It's been a long time," Keller said.
He said at this point it's not apparent how Swenson died.
"The medical examiner indicated that there were no obvious signs of foul play," he said. "There's no trauma, force, or anything like that, that is obvious to the death."
Toxicology and lab results could take months, he said. Until then, they will begin retracing Swenson's possible path upstream.
"They'll start searching for video in the area, any business had any video footage/security footage that could help us with that," Keller said. "A long, intensive investigation is going to continue on from this point."
He said they did receive a tip, "That [Swenson] was seen in this very area at some time, on a bicycle."
South Salt Lake, Salt Lake City, American Fork, and Unified Police Departments have all been involved in the investigation.
On Monday, Salt Lake City Police were not able to give an update on any developments from the discovery of Swenson's car in Glendale.
Family members released the following statement on Facebook and Instagram:
Our family has learned the heart-wrenching news that the body of our beloved Paul Heiner Swenson has been found. We are deeply pained to have our most dreaded fear confirmed. We have been working with law enforcement closely over the past weeks as they search for answers. Thank you for your prayers for Paul and our whole family. We are asking for privacy as our family takes the time to absorb this tragic news and to mourn. We want to express our deepest gratitude to you as our community. Your support has lifted us. Please pray for us.
With love,
Ashlee Swenson
Reed & Maryanne Swenson
John & Tresa Martindale
A new GoFundMe page has been set up for Paul's wife and daughter here.
The page states it is different from the page already established to help find Paul.
What this page is:
•A gofundme for Ashlee and Poppy
•helping cover funeral expenses
•assisting with any other living costs as Paul's wife and daughter plan and transitions forward in life.
•A friend trying to help another friend in a meaningful way
•Any other reason you would like or see fit to donate
United States President Donald Trump's recent visit to Asia must be accounted as a high watermark of his foreign policy. Although it did not produce dramatic breakthroughs, it underlined America's commitment to relations with its partners in the Indo-Pacific region.
It is heartening that Mr Trump stuck to some of his controversial positions, most prominently on trade, without alienating China politically. Instead, he appears to have got on well with Chinese President Xi Jinping, signalling a degree of personal chemistry between the two leaders that should do both bilateral relations and regional security much good.
Coming at the end of the first year since his victory in the presidential election, Mr Trump's visit represents a symbolic anniversary present to the Indo-Pacific and its key institutions, including Asean and its associated processes. Indonesia plays a crucial role in these institutions. That is why closer relations between Jakarta and Washington will deepen the long-term underpinnings of American ties with this region.
Three issues will determine the course of bilateral relations: regional stability, trade and opposition to violent extremism. The US and Indonesia have a mutual interest in increasing cooperation in their interactions over each of these issues.
The case for taking Indonesia seriously on each front is clear. Indonesia is South-east Asia's largest country by virtue of geography, population and economy. It also has a free and active foreign policy that reveals the direction in which the combination of these strengths is taking the country.
It is not that Indonesia is powerful enough to ignore others: It merely is that it is too large to be ignored by even the major powers. China, Russia, Japan and India understand this reality. So does the US, but since it is in a power league of its own, there is a danger always that certain countries might fall out of Washington's strategic view.
It would be a pity if this were to happen to Indonesia (and South-east Asia by extension). China looms so large on the American strategic horizon that it shares with Japan and South Korea, American treaty allies, that there is a possibility of North-east Asia overshadowing the Indo-Pacific theatre, with South Asia in the form of India completing the eastern arc of that theatre.
South-east Asia would go missing in action on that strategic map. That would be a remarkable event since there is no Indo-Pacific without South-east Asia. This sub-region links North-east Asia to South Asia.
American strategy should focus on strengthening ties bilaterally with South-east Asian nations and institutionally with Asean. It is unimaginable that Washington can build sound and resilient security ties with South-east Asia, the buffer region between its Chinese and Indian strategies, without reaching out to Indonesia in particular.
Of course, this does not have to happen at the expense of America's bilateral relations with other countries. International relations are not a zero-sum game. However, Indonesia's presence on the map of US interests in South-east Asia is essential if regional stability is to advance those interests.
TRADE AND TERROR
Let us turn to the other two considerations.
Trade has become a divisive issue between America and certain other countries, with the focus falling rather narrowly on the trade deficit.
According to the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR), America had a US$13.2 billion (S$17.8 billion) trade deficit with Indonesia in 2016. This might appear alarming to some Americans, but they should consider the broader picture.
Two-way goods trade between the countries totalled US$25 billion in 2016, with US goods exports to Indonesia almost doubling in the last decade to US$6 billion in 2016, and goods imports totalling US$19.2 billion. Indeed, as the USTR points out, US services exports to Indonesia have increased more than 70 per cent in the last decade and now total US$2.5 billion. Service imports from Indonesia amounted to US$780 million in 2015. In 2016, Indonesia was America's 35th largest goods export market.
Indonesians would want their American friends to place the trade deficit in the perspective of Washington's relations with a country that is reinventing itself economically and is poised to consolidate its regional position as a member of the Group of 20 nations. The country has enjoyed a steady economic growth in the past 10 years. The World Bank has predicted that Indonesia will be the fifth largest economy in the world by year 2030.
Lastly, there is the other side of the coin to the cooperation and integration that trade stands for. It is terror. Here, it is Indonesians' turn to display keen understanding of the problems faced by America and other free nations. Many Indonesians were dismayed by the Trump administration's hostile rhetoric and intemperate policy stance towards the Muslims of the world. Given that Indonesia is home to the largest number of them, there was a feeling that a wedge was being driven between America and Indonesia.
These sentiments will take time to disappear, and they will do so only when it is clear that the US has not abandoned its openness to members of all faiths.
However, there is no denying that terrorism poses a common challenge to all countries. Indeed, given that the Muslim victims of terror outnumber non-Muslim victims, Indonesians possess an intrinsic understanding of how vulnerable the global Muslim sphere - the ummah - is to the scourge of violent extremism.
In the struggle against terror, Indonesia and America have a common stake in each other's success.
The recent decimation of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria would not have been possible without US support. Likewise, Indonesia deserves American attention as South-east Asia prepares for the return of disbanded insurgents from West Asia. The prolonged siege of the Philippine city of Marawi reveals how tenacious international brigands acting in the name of religion are, how deep and efficient are their networks of financing, military training and capacity for terror.
Regional stability, economic links and freedom from terror are fundamental objectives that tie the US and Indonesia together.
“THEY are worse than pigs, goats and birds…. We will chop off their heads…” These are homophobic utterances of one Robert Mugabe, a Zimbabwe president who has made his stance towards the LGBTIQ community very candid.
Unbeknown to him, Robert Mugabe is carrying the seed of homosexuality himself. His third eldest son, Chipape Mugabe, has revealed his true sexuality at an emotional interview with a U.K radio station, consequently confirming a cliche; “Karma is a b*tch!”.
“My coming out of the closet was an important move in that much as my father is advocating anti-homosexuality, his own blood carries the very cells of what he deems as worse than pigs….” Chipape Mugabe told the Good Morning U.K drive-time radio DJ.
Chipape, who is studying towards an MBA at Oxford, explained that it is very crucial for Zimbabweans to start exercising the power of independent thinking and stop letting “dictators” like his dad ambush how they think.
Robert Mugabe has an extensive history of violent and homophobic statements. During last January's elections, this president ran on a platform that assured “hell for gays” if his party won, promising laws that would make LGBTIQ individuals rot in jail for life.
“As a gay person and a very independent thinker, I feel Zimbabwe can do so much more than dwell on making the lives of minority groups a living hell. The question that everyone should always ask themselves before persecuting anyone gay is; how is he sleeping with another man directly affecting my life and how will torturing him propel my life to the better? The answer to both is zero,” articulated Mugabe.
Like many closeted gay men across the globe, Chipape Mugabe also fell on a trap of having to get married and have children so as to hide his true sexuality from the public, especially from his very homophobic father. He has since separated from his wife but says his revelation has brought them even closer.
Probed on how the Zimbabwe president is taking the news, Chipape said: “My father is probably still very shocked, therefore I'm giving him space to allow all these news to sink in, more so, to get him used to the idea of having a gay son. I sincerely hope my revelation will allow people to stop and think; what if my own child is gay?
“I often say; being straight is not an indication of strength much as being gay is not a weakness. What defines our strengths and weaknesses is our ability to rise against all odds and shape our own lives for the better. What are you doing with your life?” concluded Chipape.
Twitter: @L_Tabloids
Facebook: Lifestyle Tabloids
**The publication of this article is protected by our disclaimer policy**
Advertisements
What I find most irritating during this quite peculiar presidential election cycle is the omnipresent griping and gnashing of teeth—almost exclusively the media's hobbyhorse—over the 2010 Supreme Court “Citizens United” ruling, which lifted some restrictions on the financing of political campaigns. Yes, the notion that corporations are “people” is a bit weird, but that's a semantic quibble. Liberal and “good-government” groups have wailed that American democracy has been hijacked by the Roberts Court, the result of which Thomas Frank, in a fairly hysterical article in the April Harper's [subscriber firewall] says, “[W]e are becoming more and a more rich man's country.”
I can't say for certain when exactly the United States wasn't led by the wealthy—certainly not in my lifetime—but the real question is this: absent the loosened campaign finance rules, in which Super PACs have been responsible for huge advertising expenditures, would this election look any different? I doubt it. First, regardless of President Obama's lackluster first term (a centrist point of view), there was no question a year ago, and currently, that as an incumbent he was favored to win reelection. Has the influx of gobs of cash changed the mediocre field of Republican candidates? Of course not: as conservative commentators have noted, the GOP's “bench” was thin to begin with, and when men such as Mitch Daniels, Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, John Thune and Paul Ryan all decided, for varying reasons, not to run, the party was left with the likes of Romney, Gingrich, Santorum and all the other comets who had a week or two of poll-infused momentum and are now footnotes. (Does anyone really remember much about Herman Cain?)
Say Daniels, the highly popular Indiana governor, said yes to the pleas of influential GOP leaders and competed in the primaries. Is there any doubt that he too, would've benefitted from the largesse of men like Sheldon Adelson (Gingrich) Foster Friess (Santorum), or the battalion of moguls backing Romney? And if Daniels were engaged in a tight race with Romney, he (and his benefactors) would carry out the same scorched-earth advertising blitz before a key primary. It wasn't for a lack of potential funds that kept potential candidates out of the campaign; as always, it was a combination of personal reasons (Daniels), lack of enthusiasm or experience (Thune and Christie, respectively) or an unfortunate last name (Jeb Bush).
Let's go back four and eight years and consider whether the “Citizens United” decision would've altered the field of candidates in both parties. I'm convinced the electorate would've wound up with roughly the same scorecard: in '08, Obama and Hillary Clinton were running anyway, and loaded with money, as was the now invisible (at least in the Democratic Party) John Edwards. As for the Republicans, Romney was set, as was John McCain, and for those who believe that Mike Huckabee would've been aced out by Big Money, let's remember that his relative success is mirrored this year by Santorum, who initially was given as much a chance as the vanity candidate Michele Bachmann. Santorum won Iowa (as did Huckabee) on a shoestring budget and the money followed.
Similarly, who really believes that either John Kerry or Edwards would've decided not to run against President Bush in '04 had “Citizens United” been law? Kerry had no trouble raising money and, in fact, inexplicably ended the general election contest with a surplus. As for Howard Dean, the “surprise” that year, he (with the help of the media's out-of-context reporting) self-destructed after losing the Iowa caucuses. Had he kept his exuberance in check, it's likely he'd have soldiered on, and would've been funded, under today's rules, by a liberal billionaire. But ultimately, the influx of money wasn't a factor in any of those elections. There's the bitter complaint from Democrats about the Swift Boat ads in '04 that questioned Kerry's Vietnam military service, but less diehard supporters of the Massachusetts senator have acknowledged that it was the candidate's own fault for not immediately challenging those ads with his own.
Frank opens his essay with an anecdote about Missouri. He writes:
While visiting Kansas City last December I read a local newspaper story lamenting the gradual transformation of Missouri into a reliably Republican citadel—a red state, as we like to say… I assumed the article would go on to mourn the death of judicious public reason—the tradition of giving rival arguments a hearing and testing them with the famous “Show Me” skepticism. I was wrong. Forget the death of open-mindedness. What was actually being mourned that day in the Kansas City Star was a possible loss of advertising revenue by the state's TV stations… This was the concern, not some airy nonsense about ideology or polarization.
My reaction upon reading Frank's earnest words was twofold: first, it's reassuring that the Kansas City Star, at least for the time being, still exists. Second, why wouldn't a local newspaper focus on the lack of revenue denied Missouri because it's no longer the “battleground” state it once was? Better that all the money spent by Super PACs help Missouri's economy—as in jobs, Mr. Frank—a sentiment that's echoed by other states that aren't contested, such as Maryland, New York and Texas (which, in the fall will undoubtedly be the usual gimmes for Obama—NY and MD—and Romney (TX). In addition, like all Americans, Missourians certainly aren't deprived of the endless political analysis, shallow reporting and punditry about the election, via the Internet. I suspect that readers of the Star aren't looking for a syndicated political columnist, but rather local news.
The sub-hed for Frank's Harper's article is “How Billionaire Backers Pick America's Candidates,” but, as outlined above, that's nonsense. Frank takes pains to point out that Obama is no saint in the money-raising business, noting that campaign manager Jim Messina has told potential Wall Street backers that the President won't slam the finance industry during his campaign. Frank concludes: “In other words, to avoid the fate of William Jennings Bryan, the president is apparently prepared to jettison a large chunk of his party's legislative and rhetorical tradition.” Obviously, Bryan was never elected president, and does Frank believe that Bill Clinton, who declared the era of “big government” was over didn't “jettison” the traditions of the Democratic Party?
I think part of the left wing's consternation over “Citizens United” is found in a tucked-away paragraph in Frank's essay. “[T]he nation's number one progressive billionaire, George Soros, is reportedly not jazzed about the presidential campaign. He is having trouble distinguishing between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney…”
Considering that The Dark Tower film is turning fan's stomachs for the most part, their biggest hope is that the upcoming cinematic release of IT will help reset their expectations for Stephen King stories transposed to the screen. While a remake of Pet Sematary has been sitting in development hell for years now, a successful movie about Pennywise could garner enough interest from the studio and could still get the story of the undead returning to life back into theaters. The trailers and marketing look spot on which might mean we're going to get the film we've been hoping for. With that said, it looks like the director of IT has further intentions in mind for the King movie universe.
The original Pet Sematary hit theaters in 1989 and definitely left a mark. It's one of the best King adaptations yet. However, no stone shall be left unturned when it comes to remakes. Now, director Andy Muschietti tells the Toronto Sun that he's ready to tackle this one as well. When asked about it, he had this to say:
“We're huge fans of Pet Sematary. If we can get our hands on that and do the Pet Sematary we want to do, that will be something. One day, maybe.”
IT sparks a huge enough box office and delivers on the proper tone for the story, we just might see Muschietti back at the helm for another King film. Ifsparks a huge enough box office and delivers on the proper tone for the story, we just might see Muschietti back at the helm for another King film.
