ARL helping rescued animals recover from neglect and find new homes
At the end of February, the Animal Rescue League of Boston (ARL) partnered with MSPCA-Angell to remove 199 animals from a home in Lynnfield, Massachusetts.
In one of the largest hoarding situations the ARL has responded to in recent years, a wide range of species including dogs, cats, birds, and reptiles lived in unsanitary conditions, stacked in cages and crates in different areas of the home. All of the animals were voluntarily surrendered to the ARL and MSPCA-Angell.
After the ARL's Rescue Services team removed animals from the home, the team brought 60 to our Boston shelter for emergency medical care. According to Dr. Martha Smith-Blackmore, vice president of animal welfare at the ARL, many of the animals had serious health issues resulting from neglect.
“When people suffer from the complex psychological conditions that lead to animal hoarding, they become overwhelmed with caring for all the animals they accumulate,” explains Dr. Smith-Blackmore.
“In hoarding situations, both the owner and the animals need help. If you see something that suggests an animal hoarding situation, say something to your local authorities.”
Working together, our veterinary and shelter staff mobilized a temporary isolation area for the cats requiring long-term medical treatment and found places for them at the Pat Brody Shelter for Cats in Lunenburg, where they will continue to receive rehabilitative care. The ARL also asked Jabberwock Reptiles in Winchester, for assistance taking in the reptiles recovered from the home, including sickly blue-tongued skinks and snakes.
The 6 dogs and 13 birds remaining at the ARL's shelters continue to make progress in their recovery. Broadway Dog Spa in South Boston generously donated grooming services and the Boston shelter has already begun to identify potential adopters for the shy, but very sweet dogs.
All three of our shelters have taken in the birds. Staff members are getting to know their unique personalities, while providing proper nutrition and care.
If you would like to help these animals and others like them recover from neglect, click the green button below to make a donation.
Bearings - time to break a myth. The ABEC scale has nothing to do with skateboarding whatsoever. In fact, it's an American industry standard for machine parts. The higher the ABEC, the more precise the machining quality is on the bearing. Now, this is crucial in high-RPM machines. At that kind of high speed, a bearing with a low ABEC rating will simply explode and fall apart from too much friction and not enough precision. However, skateboards never get to that kind of speed! ABEC is just used as a marketing ploy to get kids to spend more. In fact, you can get completely unrated bearings (e.g. all Bones bearings) that spin better than the average ABEC5 mainstream street company bearing. Don't pay much attention to ABEC. What's more important is how the bearings are made - and most street companies use the exact same bearings as all the other companies. They just put their own shields on.
Also of note is the legendary "how fast do your bearings go?" test. You know how it goes; some kid will walk up to you, spin your bearings, and declare "mine spins longer/faster!" Of course, he then thinks his bearings MUST be better. Not true. Bearings were never meant to spin well under those conditions. They were built to perform well under the weight of a skater rolling down the street. As such, the only true test is how long they spin when you're rolling.
It's probably worth mentioning at this point that some companies use a thick, viscose gel/grease instead of the normal mainstream thin oils, which just run out of your bearings quickly. This thick grease means the bearings completely fail the spin test... but god, do they roll! And they last far longer, too.
So, how do you know what bearings to buy? It's a bit complicated, all this, isn't it? Well, go for experience. If you find some that works for you, go for it. I used to use Nicotine bearings religiously before the company went bust, and only blew 2 in two years - not bad considering how many "mainstream" bearings I blew up previously. I've heard very good things about Pleasure Tool bearings. And of course, see what other people recommend. Just beware of brand loyalty/advertising! A lot of kids will swear by a company just because of the cool image they promote. For example, I've heard people say that they love Baker decks, but Birdhouse ones are terrible... when they don't realise they're made by the same company, and are in fact the same boards with different graphics. And like I've said, the same applies to bearings, so be careful!
- Tony Gale
"Anabiosis" redirects here. For the journal, see Anabiosis (journal)
Cryptobiosis is a metabolic state of life entered by an organism in response to adverse environmental conditions such as desiccation, freezing, and oxygen deficiency. In the cryptobiotic state, all measurable metabolic processes stop, preventing reproduction, development, and repair. When environmental conditions return to being hospitable, the organism will return to its metabolic state of life as it was prior to the cryptobiosis.
Forms [ edit ]
Anhydrobiosis [ edit ]
Richtersius coronifer Anhydrobiosis in the tardigrade
Anhydrobiosis is the most studied form of cryptobiosis and occurs in situations of extreme desiccation. The term anhydrobiosis derives from the Greek for "life without water" and is most commonly used for the desiccation tolerance observed in certain invertebrate animals such as bdelloid rotifers, tardigrades, brine shrimp, nematodes, and at least one insect, a species of chironomid (Polypedilum vanderplanki). However, other life forms, including the resurrection plant Craterostigma plantagineum,[1] the majority of plant seeds, and many microorganisms such as bakers' yeast,[2] also exhibit desiccation tolerance. Studies have shown that some anhydrobiotic organisms can survive for decades, even centuries, in the dry state.[3]
Invertebrates undergoing anhydrobiosis often contract into a smaller shape and some proceed to form a sugar called trehalose. Desiccation tolerance in plants is associated with the production of another sugar, sucrose. These sugars are thought to protect the organism from desiccation damage.[4] In some creatures, such as bdelloid rotifers, no trehalose has been found, which has led scientists to propose other mechanisms of anhydrobiosis, possibly involving intrinsically disordered proteins.[5]
In 2011, Caenorhabditis elegans, a nematode that is also one of the best-studied model organisms, was shown to undergo anhydrobiosis in the dauer larva stage.[6] Further research taking advantage of genetic and biochemical tools available for this organism revealed that in addition to trehalose biosynthesis, a set of other functional pathways is involved in anhydrobiosis at the molecular level.[7] These are mainly defense mechanisms against reactive oxygen species and xenobiotics, expression of heat shock proteins and intrinsically disordered proteins as well as biosynthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyamines. Some of them are conserved among anhydrobiotic plants and animals, suggesting that anhydrobiotic ability may depend on a set of common mechanisms. Understanding these mechanisms in detail might enable modification of non-anhydrobiotic cells, tissues, organs or even organisms so that they can be preserved in a dried state of suspended animation over long time periods.
As of 2004, such an application of anhydrobiosis is being applied to vaccines. In vaccines, the process can produce a dry vaccine that reactivates once it is injected into the body. In theory, dry-vaccine technology could be used on any vaccine, including live vaccines such as the one for measles. It could also potentially be adapted to allow a vaccine's slow release, eliminating the need for boosters. This proposes to eliminate the need for refrigerating vaccines, thus making dry vaccines more widely available throughout the developing world where refrigeration, electricity, and proper storage are less accessible.[8]
Based on similar principles, lyopreservation has been developed as a technique for preservation of biological samples at ambient temperatures.[9][10] Lyopreservation is a biomimetic strategy based on anhydrobiosis to preserve cells at ambient temperatures. It has been explored as an alternative technique for cryopreservation. The technique has the advantages of being able to preserve biological samples at ambient temperatures, without the need for refrigeration or use of cryogenic temperatures.[11][12]
Anoxybiosis [ edit ]
In situations lacking oxygen (a.k.a., anoxia), many cryptobionts (such as M. tardigradum) take in water and become turgid and immobile, but can still survive for prolonged periods of time just as with other cryptobiological processes. While survival rate studies of organisms during supposed anoxybiosis in anoxia have historically given some conflicting results, the current consensus is that certain ectothermic vertebrates and some invertebrates (for example, brine shrimp (Clegg et al. 1999), copepods (Marcus et al., 1994), nematodes (Crowe and Cooper, 1971), and sponge gemmules (Reiswig and Miller, 1998)) are capable of successfully surviving in a seemingly inactive state during anoxic conditions for periods of time ranging from months to decades. Studies of the metabolic activity of these idling organisms during anoxia have been mostly inconclusive, primarily due to the technical difficulty of measuring very small degrees of metabolic activity with enough reliability to conclusively prove a cryptobiotic state is occurring rather than just an extreme case of the metabolic rate depression (MRD) phenomenon exhibited by all aerobic organisms to some degree (typically 1-10% of aerobic levels) when exposed to anoxia. Thus, anoxybiosis is not considered a legitimate form of naturally occurring cryptobiosis by some comparative biologists because of these inconclusive and conflicting experimental results regarding whether a truly complete metabolic standstill actually occurs in cryptobionts during anoxic conditions, or if the metabolism is merely such a tiny fraction of the aerobic metabolic rate that it falls below the limits of detection. Also, many experts are skeptical of the biological feasibility of anoxybiosis, because any preservation of biological structures during anoxic conditions would imply that a seemingly impossible situation is occurring, wherein the organism is managing to prevent damage to its cellular structures from the environmental negative free energy despite being both surrounded by plenty of water and thermal energy and, most remarkably, it does so without using any free energy of its own. However (as summarized by Professor James Clegg of the UC Davis Bodega Marine laboratory in a 2001 review article), while many studies have failed to find measurable quantities of metabolic activity in potential anoxybiotic organisms, and there is also some evidence that the stress-induced protein p26 may act as a protein chaperone that requires no energy in cystic Artemia franciscana embryos, more recent data suggest that most likely an extremely specialized and slow guanine polynucleotide pathway continues to provide metabolic free energy to the Artemia franciscana embryos during anoxic conditions. Although it is inherently difficult to prove that not a single organism in existence anywhere is capable of entering a truly anoxybiotic state, it seems to clearly be the case that most likely at least A. franciscana (a.k.a. sea monkeys, a well-known and commonly studied cryptobiont) is only capable of approaching, but not reaching, the above-mentioned implied violation of the usual biological conversion of environmental negative free energy into the negative entropy of cellular structures via metabolic processes.
Chemobiosis [ edit ]
Chemobiosis is the cryptobiotic response to high levels of environmental toxins. It has been observed in tardigrades.[13]
Cryobiosis [ edit ]
Cryobiosis is a form of cryptobiosis that takes place in reaction to decreased temperature. Cryobiosis initiates when the water surrounding the organism's cells has been frozen, stopping molecule mobility allows the organism to endure the freezing temperatures until more hospitable conditions return. Organisms capable of enduring these conditions typically feature molecules that facilitate freezing of water in preferential locations while also prohibiting the growth of large ice crystals that could otherwise damage cells.[citation needed] One such organism is the lobster.[14]
Osmobiosis [ edit ]
Osmobiosis is the least studied of all types of cryptobiosis. Osmobiosis occurs in response to increased solute concentration in the solution the organism lives in. Little is known for certain, other than that osmobiosis appears to involve a cessation of metabolism.[13]
Examples [ edit ]
A commonly known organism that undergoes cryptobiosis is Artemia salina, also known as the brine shrimp or by its brand name, Sea-Monkeys. This species, which can be found in the Makgadikgadi Pans in Botswana,[15] survives over the dry season when the water of the pans evaporates, leaving a virtually desiccated lake bed.
The tardigrade, or water bear, is a widely studied and notable example,[16] partially because it can undergo all five types of cryptobiosis. While in a cryptobiotic state, the tardigrade's metabolism reduces to less than 0.01% of what is normal, and its water content can drop to 1% of normal.[17] It can withstand extreme temperature, radiation, and pressure while in a cryptobiotic state.
Some nematodes and rotifers can also undergo cryptobiosis.[18]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
About
This game will be a huge undertaking. The public relations/media attention alone will be quite involved! Our hope is that there will be legitimate biological science involved with the video game...game users will essentially obtain the knowledge required to advance with the multi-billion dollar marijuana business. On the business guide as we develop the game, I'll need to pay programmers and lawyers. I'll need to fund the entire team of contributors which should not exceed 12 participants including myself. The game will apply business tactics to the growth operation run by the main character Rashad Nasir. As Nasir grows within the game, he will become an innovative member of the global business community. This will be a multi-platform game accessible on consoles such as XBOX and PlayStation.
The Nova Scotia government is giving pharmacists the right to deal with more minor ailments but at the same time it's cutting the amount they can charge to dispense medication.
At the moment, pharmacies can charge up to $12.10 per prescription — that is going down to $11.05 next month.
Andrew Buffett is chair of the board at the Pharmacy Association of Nova Scotia.
"Government would like to see us move to a model where we get paid less for each prescription that we fill and see pharmacists come out from around the counter and start to do more of the newer services that pharmacists are legally allowed to do such as prescribing for minor ailments like cold sores, or allergies, or things like medication reviews," he says.
Buffett says, as a pharmacy owner, he's not happy with the dispensing fee cut but he says the province presented the new structure as a take it or leave it proposition.
"Well you know government wins. They save some money, directly, which is great. I mean the taxpayers of this province will win. The public doesn't really win, as far a per-script basis, they won't notice any difference. You're saving 50 cents per prescription. They're only saving, at most, one third of that based on a copay, so you're not going to see any substantial win at the cash register," he says.
Buffett says the province will save money in this new five-year deal — but he says so, too, will big private insurance companies such as Blue Cross.
The province has set aside $500,000 for 2014-15 to specifically fund these newer services such as prescribing medication for minor ailments that pharmacists are expected to perform.
The government has earmarked another $1 million in funding for the services for 2015-16 and another $500,000 for 2016-17.
Tony Kiritsis, a spokesperson for the Department of Health and Wellness, said payment for the so-called "demonstration services" performed by pharmacists will not be paid to individuals but to the pharmacy.
However, the payment details have not yet been determined, says Kiritsis, and will depend on the service being provided.
An update now live on Overwatch's public test region does more than just add a new map to the game. Players on Windows PC can now also test out big changes to how Reaper, Roadhog and McCree play, as well as unlock two skins previously exclusive to Heroes of the Storm.
Two new legendary skins are in “classic loot boxes,” according to the PTR update's patch notes. These are Oni Genji and Officer D.Va, two costumes that players could previously only get as rewards for completing an in-game Heroes of the Storm event.
In April, game director Jeff Kaplan promised on the Overwatch forums that these two skins would be available to non-Heroes of the Storm players eventually after players expressed frustration with the giveaway. As legendary-class skins, Oni Genji and Officer D.Va will still be tough to get — but at least people won't have to play an entirely different game to get them.
The other eye-catching change is one made to Reaper, an offense-class hero. His passive healing skill, “The Reaping,” now lets the character turn 20 percent of all damage done to other heroes as health points. The skill also no longer uses health orbs, which Reaper previously collected from downed enemies.
“Reaper's old healing passive was useful if you could kill a bunch of enemies in a row,” the team at Blizzard Entertainment wrote in the patch notes. “But since enemies needed to be dead for it to work, it wasn't very helpful unless the situation was already in your favor. His new passive lets him get immediate benefit from it, especially when fighting Tank heroes, which tend to be larger targets that deal lower damage.”
This is a big buff for Reaper, to the delight of many fans. Although his place in Overwatch lore make him popular with fans, Reaper's skillset hasn't always made him a top choice for players in the past. The healing buff could help change that.
Smaller updates of note include changes to McCree, whose “Deadeye” shot now accumulates more damage in the first second; Roadhog, whose head hitbox has been reduced in size “to increase his survivability;” and the Career Profile section, which has a whole bunch of new or renamed statistics available.
All of these are live only on the PC version of Overwatch for now, but the update will make its way over to console in time.
Damian Marley, a Grammy Award-winning artist and the youngest son of legendary reggae icon Bob Marley, announced the opening of his own cannabis dispensary in Denver, Colorado. The accomplished musician (also known as “Jr. Gong”) partnered with Tru Cannabis, a well-established local cannabis brand, to launch his dream business.
The artist's dispensary is branded under “Damian Marley's Stony Hill – By Tru Cannabis,” which was previously “Tru Cannabis at Mile High,” located next to Mile High Stadium. Jr. Gong officially welcomed fans and customers into the store in September 22 during the grand opening.
“I didn't know in my lifetime I'd be opening a dispensary,” said Marley during an interview with Billboard. “We've always been advocates of legalizing marijuana and we always had the hope in our lifetime that we'd be involved in something like this, but I didn't predict this would happen.”
A Peek Inside Stony Hill
The new cannabis retail shop currently sells a wide range of green products, such as top-shelf buds, concentrates and edibles. Inside the dispensary, customers are treated to mesmerizing artwork, including a recreation of a cloudy mountain in Jamaica that envelops a giant wall. Unlike other collaborations between artists and cannabis brands, Marley continuously worked with Tru Cannabis to ensure the quality of the products being sold in the establishment. Hence, the partnership is considered to be the first “true alliance” that was successfully carried out between a legal cannabis shop and an artist.
“I think it [the partnership with Damian Marley] will increase the appeal of Tru Cannabis. We have a really good selection at the dispensary,” said Andrew Kaplan, National Operations Director of Tru Cannabis. “If you're going to Denver, you have to check this place out. It's the first of its kind. This is different from other brand partnerships out there because it's on a recreational level, making it accessible to everybody.”
For those who aren't aware, Stony Hill is not a feeling you get when you consume too much weed. The name of the dispensary is actually a place in Jamaica where the 38-year-old musician grew up. Interestingly, Marley is also in the process of launching a full-length album titled “Stony Hill” in the first quarter of 2017.
“Stony Hill is a place in Jamaica I grew up so it has a lot of significance,” explained Marley.
Artists Entering the Cannabis Sector
A new trend that has been forming prolifically in the legal cannabis industry involves artists launching their own line of marijuana products. In most cases, the musicians (most come from the music production space) start off as advocates for the plant and eventually move on to larger roles in the sector. Examples of such occurrences include Willie Nelson's interest in cultivating weed plants and Wiz Khalifa's line of potent marijuana buds (the rapper launched his own strain called “Khalifa Kush”).
As for Marley, his approach to entering the legal cannabis market is more intriguing for consumers who are fans of his music and smoking herb. The Stony Hill dispensary is a unique place for customers to enjoy two different highs: a catchy, musical high facilitated by Marley's upbeat tracks and a surreal cannabis high, fostered by the artist's line of superior buds.
Setting Edit
Climate Edit
Flora Edit
Fauna Edit
Human presence Edit
Astronomical observatories Edit
Other uses Edit
Sports Edit The Atacama Desert is popular with all-terrain sports enthusiasts. Various championships have taken place here, including the Lower Atacama Rally, Lower Chile Rally, Patagonia-Atacama Rally, and the latter Dakar Rally's editions. The rally was organized by the Amaury Sport Organisation and held in 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012. The dunes of the desert are ideal rally races located in the outskirts of the city of Copiapó.[49] The 2013 Dakar 15-Day Rally started on 5 January in Lima, Peru, through Chile, Argentina and back to Chile finishing in Santiago.[50] Visitors also use the Atacama Desert sand dunes for sandboarding (Spanish: duna). A week-long foot race called the Atacama Crossing has the competitors cross the various landscapes of the Atacama.[51] An event called Volcano Marathon takes place near the Lascar volcano in the Atacama Desert.[52] Solar car racing Edit Eighteen solar powered cars were displayed in front of the presidential palace (La Moneda) in Santiago in November 2012.[53] The cars were then raced 1,300 km (810 mi) through the desert from 15–19 November 2012.[54] Tourism Edit Most people who go to tour the sites in the desert stay in the town of San Pedro de Atacama.[55] The Atacama Desert is in the top three tourist locations in Chile. The specially commissioned ESO hotel is reserved for astronomers.[56]
El Tatio Geyser Edit
Main article: El Tatio About 80 geysers occur in a valley about 80 km from the town of San Pedro de Atacama. They are closer to the town of Chiu Chiu.[57]
Termas Baños de Puritama Edit
The Baños de Puritama are rock pools which are 37 miles from the geysers.[58]
Gallery Edit
Protected areas Edit
Legends Edit
See also Edit
Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jae C. Hong/AP Jae C. Hong/AP
For some weeks now, as Bernie Sanders has extended his remarkable and improbable run as a presidential candidate, people have been asking: "What does Bernie want?"
That question is a distant echo of "What does Jesse want?" a relic of the 1988 runner-up candidacy of Jesse Jackson, another "outsider" challenger with a dedicated hardcore following. But more about Jackson in a moment.
This week, the question took a different form. After a rowdy convention in Nevada prompted death threats against that state party chair, the question suddenly became: "Are the Democrats coming apart?"
Uniting for the fall has always been an issue for both parties. But this year, it was supposed to be the Republicans, with their 17 candidates and their frustrated #NeverTrump rearguard action, who broke up over their differences.
Now, it's working out quite differently. So we hear again that old nostrum: "Democrats want to fall in love, Republicans want to fall in line." A remarkable number of Republicans have accepted, if not embraced, Donald Trump as their nominee. But a large contingent of Democrats continue to feel the Bern, or at least remain very much out of love with Hillary Clinton.
Which brings us to this past weekend, which proved that sometimes what happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas.
The "Nevada fracas" has created a media meme and a conversational focus for the conflict roiling the Democratic Party. That is because it encapsulates the grievances felt on both sides.
Sanders supporters see that some of their number were not seated in Las Vegas and see evidence that the system is rigged against them. Clinton supporters hear the epithets hurled at women on that stage, including the state party chair and Sen. Barbara Boxer, and perceive evidence of something else.
Others will adjudicate what happened in Las Vegas, where both candidates' camps seem to think they were entitled to a majority of delegates. (Although Clinton won the initial round of caucuses back in February, Sanders had the upper hand in an intermediate round at the county level on April 2.)
One camp wanted an open process; the other wanted respect for the rules. A voice vote was gaveled to a conclusion despite an uncertain outcome, which is bound to cause trouble. But in the end, the party chair herself has come to seem the principal victim — "more sinned against than sinning" — because of extreme phone and online harassment.
Nevada's convention seems to have been an egregious case, an outlier. In other states where actual delegates are chosen in several phases, regular order has been followed without a similar outburst.
But exceptions to the rule often make news. And in this case, cable TV and social media have endlessly repeated the raucous video shot at the convention and the toxic harassment that followed. As Nevada became a national story, Sanders was pressured to respond.
The candidate has condemned violence generically, but has not apologized for his backers. Instead, Sanders and his retinue have denied responsibility for what happened and doubled down on their long-simmering resentments against Democratic Party officials.
They say the entire process has been rigged against them, even parts that have been in place for decades. And the implicit message has been: Treat us fairly or expect there to be consequences. When this message is combined with Sanders' vow this week to "carry our fight to the convention," it darkens the portents for the national convention in Philadelphia.
So what does Bernie want?
Let's start with the obvious: He wants to be nominated and elected. That's understood. Every candidate has a perfect right to continue fighting until the last ballot is cast, as Sanders vows to do.
But even if he wins California, and several other states on June 7, Sanders would need vertiginous victory margins to win enough delegates to close the pledged delegate gap with Clinton. (The Democrats divide delegates proportionally according to the popular vote, which is just about as democratic a method as you can imagine.)
So Sanders' one path is to persuade superdelegates to prefer him over Clinton, even though they currently prefer Clinton by more than 10-1. (The only superdelegate to flip so far deserted Sanders for the front-runner.)
Sanders and his spokespersons say superdelegates should now ignore the overall vote and the pledged delegate totals and look at how much better Sanders does against Trump in hypothetical November matchups.
The only problem is that hypothetical tests six months before the election are notoriously unreliable. Just ask President Perot.
Moreover, many of the poll respondents who create this November differential right now are Sanders supporters who say they will shift to Trump in November. The likelihood of their actually doing so is problematic, given past experience with disgruntled backers of other candidates who fell short. (The most recent example would be the Clinton backers in 2008 who swore they would not vote for the man who beat her, Barack Obama, but wound up doing so in the fall.)
So the "path to the nomination" for Sanders is not just uphill, it is essentially vertical.
So what else might Sanders want?
No one seems to think Sanders wants to be vice president or have any other role in a Clinton administration. He would return to the Senate, where he would be in a wholly new weight class of political influence.
But he clearly wants to make a difference, to alter how the Democrats go forward in the fall campaign and beyond.
And that is what the Clinton camp must manage. It is entirely possible that the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this July will vote to change party rules, shrinking the number of superdelegates or requiring them to follow the voting results in their states.
It is also possible, if less likely, that the party would agree to allow more independents a role in its nominating process (although this would still depend on the will of the various states).
Sanders supporters will also strive to make the party platform more progressive, raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour and expanding Medicare to cover people of all ages and perhaps calling for free tuition at public colleges. (The platform already calls for much of Sanders' program regarding the campaign finance system and other issues.)
This might fall far short of the "political revolution" Sanders says his campaign is about. But it could still matter. And it could still point the party toward a far more progressive future.
That is one way in which the 1988 precedent is relevant. Jesse Jackson arrived in Atlanta with about 30 percent of the delegates (not nearly as many as Sanders will have this summer). At the time, it was easily the best showing for an African-American presidential candidate. And although Jackson was not going to be nominated (Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis had a first-ballot majority), his message of racial and economic inclusion was popular and powerful within the party's base.
The Dukakis forces recognized this and turned the proceedings over to Jackson on the second night of the convention. Thousands of Jackson supporters jammed the arena while delegates, alternates and journalists waited outside — unable to enter. Jackson gave an hourlong oration on the theme of common ground, a siege gun speaking for unity.
Jackson did his part in the fall, helping Dukakis carry nearly 90 percent of the black vote and 70 percent of the then-minuscule Hispanic vote. Unfortunately for Dukakis, minority voters cast only about one ballot in seven in 1988.
But by 2012, the share of the vote cast by people of color had nearly doubled. That stunning growth has turned a dozen states that were red in 1988 to blue in 2012 (California, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, New Mexico, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Delaware and Vermont).
The same demographic trends have made Florida, Ohio and Colorado toss-ups in presidential elections. All had been solidly Republican in 1988.
Sanders' hard base is not among minorities, of course, but among younger voters. His success has been built on winning three-fourths or even more of the voters under age 30. That is a group Clinton will need in the fall just as much as Dukakis needed Jackson's base in 1988.
Sanders may not want a Jackson-style prime-time convention session all his own. He might be willing to settle for platform and rules revisions that would validate his campaign. But if he wants a Bernie night in Philadelphia when he can bring his political revolution to life — even for a few hours — it might be a small price to pay for peace.
Workshops at Bryn Athyn
The Workshops at Bryn Athyn present blacksmithing, stained glass, mosaic, and stone carving courses taught by nationally recognized master craftsmen. In addition to participating in hands-on workshops, participants watch demonstrations, examine original medieval artifacts, and explore Bryn Athyn's own National Historic Landmarks.
Classes are held in the heart of the Bryn Athyn Historic District. The idyllic setting and magnificent resources offer an unparalleled learning experience. Participants not only have access to Bryn Athyn's landmarks—including Glencairn Museumopens in a new window, Cairnwood Estateopens in a new window, and Bryn Athyn Cathedralopens in a new window—but they can also study both the preliminary drawings and models made by the original craftsmen and the medieval works that inspired them.
For full course descriptions and registration visit
General Information
Workshop Classes
Each workshop includes 5 days of classes, for a total of 35 hours of instructional time. Small class sizes allow for individualized instruction with projects tailored to all skill levels. Workshops are suitable for life-long learners, craft professionals, college students, and high school upperclassmen.
Fee
All workshops are $675 which includes materials and access to studio tools. See Refund/Cancelation policy below.
Tools and Materials
There are no additional fees for tools and materials. All tools and materials are provided.
Housing/ Meals
Enhance your experience by staying on-campus. Limited housing is available on the Bryn Athyn College campus. Each of our dormitory cottages can accommodate up to 10 guests in 4 single and 3 double rooms, sharing 2 1/2 baths. These apartment-style living spaces are WIFI enabled and air-conditioned. The first floor features an open-plan Great Room with flat screen TV, living/dining area and a large appliance-equipped kitchen. Limited cookware is available. Meals are not provided but workshop participants are welcome to self-organize communal meals. Each cottage has a private outdoor patio overlooking the meadow. During the one-hour lunch break, resident students are welcome to retire to the cottage or order in from a local café. Lodging fee includes 1 set of linens. There is no maid service. Each cottage is equipped with a washer and dryer.
The cost of lodging is $425 for a single and $250 for a double for the week.
Rooms are available from 3:00 pm Sunday to 10:00 am Saturday of the workshop week. Lodgers can pay for accommodations upon arrival directly to the Bursar, Micah Alden, during regular business hours; the office is located in the Brickman Center. They can also pay via phone, 267-502-2493.
Space is limited and reservations are required.
If you are interested in housing, contact Stephen Hartley – Head of Building Arts at stephen.hartley@brynathyn.edu or 267-502-2779
Directions
Visit https://brynathyn.edu/admissions/directions/ for directions.
Credit
Act 48 Professional Development Credit and Bryn Athyn College Credit are available for an additional fee.
Scholarships
Refund/ Cancellation Policy
Bryn Athyn College makes a substantial investment when planning a workshop, and vacancies can be hard to fill even if there is a waiting list, so we must charge cancellation fees to offset the cost of these vacancies. If you cancel any time up to 30 days before the beginning of a workshop, you will receive a full refund minus a $100 cancellation fee. If you cancel later than 30 days before the beginning of the workshop, there is no refund. This policy also applies to scholarship students.
If it is necessary for Bryn Athyn College to cancel a class for any reason, students will be notified and offered another workshop or a full refund. We cannot be responsible for nonrefundable airline tickets.
FAQ
What are the hours of this class? This class begins with an 8:00 orientation for new students on day 1. Workshops then meet daily from 9:00 Am to 5:00 PM. This class includes 35 hours of studio instruction.
This class begins with an 8:00 orientation for new students on day 1. Workshops then meet daily from 9:00 Am to 5:00 PM. This class includes 35 hours of studio instruction. Is my registration transferrable? Yes. Participants must be 18 or older.
Yes. Participants must be 18 or older. Do I have to bring my printed receipt to the event? NO
Talk to someone who cares.
At CAPS, we work with thousands of IU Bloomington students each year. While our well-trained staff are prepared to handle serious mental health crises, we also offer support for students who are just looking for an opportunity to discuss problems with someone they can trust. Your treatment will depend on your situation. We offer counseling services in English, Mandarin, Hindi/Urdu and Spanish.
Why come to CAPS?
Academic Concerns
Relationship Concerns
Stress Management
Power and Privilege
Time Management Help
Sleeping Issues
Adjusting to College Life
Anxiety
Depression
Substance Use
Body Image, Eating, and Exercise Concerns
Sexual Assault or Abuse
Your reason here: _____________
____________________________________________________________________________________
Special statement:
With the topic of sexual assault and harassment being at the forefront of the recent news cycle, we recognize that the recent news coverage may be triggering for some survivors. IU has resources available to provide you with support.
Visit: stopsexualviolence.iu.edu/
Confidential Victim Advocates
Assist with academic concerns, emergency housing, safety planning, and reporting to the university and/or local police. (812) 856-6687
Counseling Services
Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll Seeks 9/11 Truth
February 1, 2014—USA Today is out with a story on Seattle Seahawks Head Coach Pete Carroll: “Pete Carroll Admired by ‘9/11 Truth' Movement.” Does this mean we can consider Coach Carroll a “9/11 truth” seekers? What does this story say about the nation's bent for conspiracies in general, whether 9/11 or “Deflate-gate”?
Let's dig deeper by comparing Carroll's statements to those of these five celebrity 9/11 truth seekers.
First, here's Mark Ruffalo: “I'm baffled by the way all three buildings came down. My first reaction was that buildings don't fall down like that. I've done quite a bit of my own research …The fact that the 9/11 investigation went from the moment the planes hit to the moment the buildings fell, and nothing before or after, I think, makes that investigation completely illegitimate. If you're going to do a crime investigation, you have to find motive. We didn't follow that. It was quickly pushed away, obviously. There was no evidence at the biggest crime scene. None of us know what happened but I'm totally and completely behind reopening that investigation. Where is the money? Follow the money, guys!”
Advertisements
Hundreds of bunches of flowers were laid in Bourke Street in the wake of the tragedy. Credit:Chris Hopkins Mr Gargasoulas has been charged with six counts of murder and 27 of attempted murder. A coronial inquest will independently investigate Victoria Police's response on January 20, and the events that led up to the tragedy. The probe was due to run independently of the criminal investigation, but counsel assisting the coroner, Mandy Fox QC, said it was not possible for the inquest to proceed without compromising Mr Gargasoulas' right to a fair trial. Ms Fox said there was a fundamental public interest in ensuring the criminal trial was not compromised by the inquiry.
Dimitrious "Jimmy" Gargasoulas allegedly did donuts outside Flinders Street Station in front of "scores of people", the hearing was told. Credit:Facebook/Urban Desi State Coroner Sara Hinchey postponed the inquest until the criminal case had been dealt with. . The lawyer representing the families of Zachary Bryant and Jess Mudie, Naty Guerrero-Diaz, said the inquiry would not begin until the "later part" of 2018. "Both families hope that the inquest will prevent anything similar ever happening again," she said. Ms Fox said the inquest would investigate how much police knew about Mr Gargasoulas' conduct before the tragedy, and what interaction they had with him.
She said it would investigate why Mr Gargasoulas was released on bail one week before the tragedy, and whether police adhered to pursuit guidelines. Police radio communications that day will also be examined. Ms Fox said the inquests' scope may be widened, depending on the results of a coronial brief, which was still being prepared. During the hearing, she outlined the events leading up to the Bourke Street tragedy. She described the moment Mr Gargasoulas allegedly did doughnuts in the car outside Flinders Street Station, in front of scores of people. Ms Fox said he then allegedly drove into Bourke Street Mall during the busy lunchtime rush, under shop-front awnings, and injured several pedestrians before the first fatality happened. "Yosuke Kanno was struck as he was walking near the Royal Arcade," she said.
"He was a 25-year-old Japanese student, who was studying in Australia. He died at the scene." She alleged he then drove up the Bourke Street footpath towards Williams Street, where along the way, the five other fatalities occurred. Mr Gargasoulas is due to face court again on August 1, while a criminal brief of evidence is due to be served to his lawyers in October. "The criminal proceedings will not be finalised for some considerable time," Ms Fox said. The inquiry was adjourned by the coroner for a "date to be determined".
The largest animal on planet Earth, blue whales, and the second-largest animal, fin whales, are swimming in the Monterey Bay in large numbers.Beginning Monday, up to 50 blue whales have been sighted off the coast of Monterey.Professional photographer Slater Moore shot mesmerizing video of the gentle giants from a Discovery Whale Watch boat Nov. 13. Watch it above or click here to watch. “In the past eight years, I have never seen that happen in the month of November,” said Keith Stemler with Chris' Fishing and Whale Watching.There are also many humpbacks in the bay. VIDEO: Humpbacks seen last weekBlue whales are most commonly spotted in Monterey during the summer, but by fall, they head south to their breeding grounds in warmer waters.“Wednesday we had like 15 - 20 within a couple hundred yards of the boat. Then more huge geyser blows out to the west,” said Katlyn Taylor with Discovery Whale Watch.Blue whales can weigh up to 200 tons and grow to 105 feet long. “Its heart is larger than a Volkswagen Beetle, its tongue alone weighs more than an elephant, and it is a spectacular thing when you see it,” Stemler said.Because of their size, they eat four tons of krill a day, and that may be why the whales are here so late in the year. “There's lots of krill out in the bay we can see on the depth sounder,” Taylor said. Thursday's stormy weather caused whale watching boats to stay in the harbor, but Friday tours are scheduled to start back up in the morning.
The largest animal on planet Earth, blue whales, and the second-largest animal, fin whales, are swimming in the Monterey Bay in large numbers.
Beginning Monday, up to 50 blue whales have been sighted off the coast of Monterey.
Advertisement
Professional photographer Slater Moore shot mesmerizing video of the gentle giants from a Discovery Whale Watch boat Nov. 13. Watch it above or click here to watch.
“In the past eight years, I have never seen that happen in the month of November,” said Keith Stemler with Chris' Fishing and Whale Watching.
There are also many humpbacks in the bay. VIDEO: Humpbacks seen last week
Blue whales are most commonly spotted in Monterey during the summer, but by fall, they head south to their breeding grounds in warmer waters.
“Wednesday we had like 15 - 20 within a couple hundred yards of the boat. Then more huge geyser blows out to the west,” said Katlyn Taylor with Discovery Whale Watch.
Blue whales can weigh up to 200 tons and grow to 105 feet long.
“Its heart is larger than a Volkswagen Beetle, its tongue alone weighs more than an elephant, and it is a spectacular thing when you see it,” Stemler said.
Because of their size, they eat four tons of krill a day, and that may be why the whales are here so late in the year.
“There's lots of krill out in the bay we can see on the depth sounder,” Taylor said.
Thursday's stormy weather caused whale watching boats to stay in the harbor, but Friday tours are scheduled to start back up in the morning.
AlertMe
By Allison Piazza, Reference Services and Outreach Librarian
While shelving books, I had the great pleasure of discovering a small book entitled How to Become a Doctor. Published in 1949, How to Become a Doctor is, at just 131 pages, “a complete guide to the study of medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, veterinary medicine, occupational therapy, chiropody and foot surgery, optometry, hospital administration, medical illustration, and the sciences.”
The author of the book, George R. Moon, was the Examiner and Recorder at University of Illinois Colleges of Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmacy. As for Mr. Moon's qualifications, the writer of the forward states: “it is probable that no one person in the world has met more students seeking advice regarding entrance to schools of medicine, dentistry and pharmacy.”
As intended, I learned quite a bit about the medical school admissions process while reading this guide. I was surprised to learn that, in 1949, not many medical schools required a bachelor's degree for admission, with only 4 schools requiring the degree, 58 asking for three college years, and 7 indicating they would consider 2 years of college work. This is basically unheard of today in the U.S.
Medical School by the numbers: 1948-1949 and 2016-2017
1948-1949 2016-2017 Approved U.S. 4-year medical schools 71 147 Applicants At least 20,000 [1] 53,042 Application fee $5-$10 per school [2] $160 first school; $38 per additional school Enrollment 6,559 [1] 21,0301 Tuition at Harvard Medical School $830* [3] $58,050 Female matriculates 11% (1947) [1] 49.8% Medical school graduates 5,543 [4] 18,938
*The highest annual fee at any medical school in 1948-1949.
Further into the guide, Mr. Moon discusses the application process, offering a sample application from the University of Illinois. One question from this four-page application is: How and where do you spend your summer vacations?
After the application comes the interview. Mr. Moon's primary advice is on appearance, stating that “this is one place where the typical ‘Joe College' attitude should be forgotten.” He goes on to say that the student should act natural and answer questions directly and fully but “avoid anything fancy.”
To conclude, just who was the ideal medical school applicant in 1949? Mr. Moon offers the following description:
“The ideal will, of course, have superior college grades, a broad, balanced liberal arts program, be not over 22 years of age, have high moral standards and professional ideals, be reasonably attractive personally, be poised and at ease in his interviews, speak clearly and correctly, be clean and fastidious as to dress and appearance, and have enough financial backing so that he will not be forced to work or be worried by money matters, and last but not least, be physically strong and healthy.”
References:
[1] “U.S. Medical School Applications and Matriculates by School, State of Legal Residence, and Sex, 2016-2017.” Association of American Medical Colleges, December 6, 2016.
[2] “Applying to Medical School.” Association of American Medical Colleges, n.d.
[3] “Tuition and Fees.” Harvard Medical School, November 29, 2016.
[4] “Total Graduates by U.S. Medical School and Sex, 2011-2012 through 2015-2016.” Association of American Medical Colleges, December 19, 2016.
—
Sample Medical College Admission Test (MCAT) questions from How to Become a Doctor:
Vocabulary:
1. AUDACIOUS: (A) splendid (B) loquacious (C) cautious (D) auspicious (E) presumptuous
Quantitative Ability:
2. It is known that every circle has an equation of the form Ax2 + Ay2 + Bx + Cy + D = 0. Which of the following is the equation of a circle?
A) 2x – 3y = 6
B) x2 – y2 + 4x – 2y + 3 = 0
C) 3x2 + 3y2 – 2x + 6y +1 = 0
D) 2x2 + 3y2 + 6x + 4y +1 = 0
E) None of the above
Understanding of Modern Society:
3. Japan today presents no immediate threat to peace in the Far East principally because:
(A) so much of the country has been devastated
(B) she has been stripped of her colonies and conquests
(C) the present Japanese constitution outlaws war
(D) the new Japanese government is much opposed to the military party
(E)there is now unity of purpose among the various interest in the Far East
Premedical Sciences:
4. Which one of the following is 75 percent carbon, by weight, and 25 percent hydrogen, by weight?
(A) C 3 H
(B) CH
(C) CH 3
(D) C 2 H 3
(E) CH 4
Answers: 1. (E), 2. (C), 3. (B), 4. (E)
On 9 May 2012, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliner on a demonstration tour in Indonesia crashed on Mount Salak, in the province of West Java. All 37 passengers and 8 crew on board were killed. The plane had taken off minutes before from Jakarta's Halim Airport on a promotional flight for the recently launched jet, and was carrying Sukhoi personnel and representatives of various local airlines.[1][2][3][4]
The subsequent investigation concluded that the flight crew, led by pilot Alexander Yablontsev, was unaware of the presence of high ground in the area and therefore ignored warnings from the terrain warning system, incorrectly attributing them to a system malfunction while their view was obstructed because of thick cloud cover.[5] Additionally, it was established that in the minutes leading to the accident, the crew, including the captain, were engaged in conversation with prospective customers present in the cockpit.[6]
Background [ edit ]
Aircraft [ edit ]
The aircraft involved in the incident, seen at Naypyidaw International Airport two days before the crash flight in Indonesia. The aircraft was bound for Indonesia.
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Sukhoi SSJ-100-95, registration 97004,[7] msn 95004. The aircraft was manufactured in 2009 and had accumulated over 800 flight hours at the time of the accident.[8] The Superjet 100 is the first production airliner model produced in Russia since the dissolution of the USSR in 1991.[9]
Demonstration tour [ edit ]
The jet was flying as part of a "Welcome Asia!" demonstration tour when the crash happened. With a different jet, a demo flight had been flown successfully in Kazakhstan, but when the tour moved to Pakistan, potential buyers could see the aircraft only on the runway as no flight took place, reportedly due to a technical glitch. A leak in a 'nozzle in the engine' was found in this plane on the way to Myanmar, according to Alexander Tulyakov, vice-president of the United Aircraft Corporation, and it returned to Moscow. The jet involved in the accident was then flown in as a replacement to continue the tour.[10] It had been scheduled to visit Laos and Vietnam.[11] At the time of the crash, Sukhoi had 42 orders of the type from Indonesia, 170 in total, and was hoping to produce up to 1,000 aircraft.[12]
Mount Salak [ edit ]
In the decade between 2002 and 2012, there were seven aviation crashes in the area of Mount Salak. Three people were killed in a crash of a training aircraft not long before the SSJ-100 accident; 18 people were killed in a crash of an Indonesian Air Force military aircraft in 2008; five people were killed in a crash in June 2004, two in April 2004, seven in October 2003, and one in October 2002.[13][14]
The Jakarta Post has dubbed Mount Salak "an airplane graveyard".[14] High turbulence and fast-changing weather conditions of the mountainous terrain are cited as contributing factors to multiple aviation crashes in the area.[14]
Crash [ edit ]
Location of crash in Indonesia
At 14:00 local time (07:00 UTC),[15] the SSJ-100 departed from Halim Perdanakusuma Airport for a local demonstration flight, and was due to return to the departure point.[8][16] This was the second demonstration flight the aircraft was operating that day.[17] There were six crew, two representatives from Sukhoi and 37 passengers on board.[8] Amongst the passengers were representatives from Aviastar Mandiri, Batavia Air, Pelita Air Service and Sriwijaya Air.[18] At 14:21 (07:21 UTC), the crew requested permission to descend from 10,000 feet (3,000 m) to 6,000 feet (1,800 m) for reasons which were unclear, and this was granted. This was the last contact that Air Traffic Control had with the aircraft,[8] which was then about 75 nautical miles (139 km) south of Jakarta,[18] in the vicinity of 7,254-foot (2,211 m) high Mount Salak, a mountain higher than the requested flight level. The aircraft crashed into Mount Salak at 14:33 (07:33 UTC), killing all 45 people on board[8]
Simon Hradecky, of The Aviation Herald, later reported:
"Indonesia's Air Traffic Control, Jakarta Branch, reported that communication between ATC and aircraft was done in English, there was no language problem hampering communication. The aircraft had been in the area of Bogor, approximate coordinates , about 13 nautical miles (24 km) northeast of the peak of Mount Salak and 7 nautical miles (13 km) clear of mountainous terrain in safe flat area, when the crew requested to descend and to perform a right orbit. As there was no reason to decline such a clearance the flight was cleared down and for the right orbit. This was the last transmission from the aircraft, the aircraft could not be reached afterwards. The plane having finished right orbit flew a course about 210°. It is unclear how the aircraft got into the area of Mount Salak and crashed afterwards, ATC services hope the black boxes will explain how the aircraft got there. All data including flight plan, radar data and ATC recordings as well as transcripts of interviews with the air traffic controller have been handed to Indonesia's NTSC."[8]
A ground and air search for the aircraft was initiated, but was called off as night fell. On 10 May at 09:00 (02:00 UTC), the wreckage of the Sukhoi Superjet was found on Mount Salak.[2] It is only known that the aircraft had been flying on a clockwise flightpath around the mountain, towards Jakarta, before the crash.[8][19] Preliminary reports indicated that the aircraft had hit the edge of a cliff at an elevation of 6,270 feet (1,910 m), slid down a slope and came to rest at an elevation of 5,200 feet (1,600 m). The site of the accident was not accessible by air and no rescuers had reached the site by nightfall on 10 May. Multiple groups of rescue personnel attempted to reach the wreckage on foot.[8]
Victims [ edit ]
Most of the passengers were journalists and prospective clients.[1][23] The 45 people on board included 14 people from the Indonesian airline Sky Aviation, Captain Aan Husdiana (Director of Operations for Kartika Airlines) and five reporters, Dody Aviantara (journalist) and Didik Nur Yusuf (photographer) from Angkasa aviation magazine, Ismiati Soenarto and Aditya Sukardi of Trans TV and Femi Adi of the American Bloomberg News.[20] An accomplished and experienced pilot, Peter Adler held a US passport, acting as a consultant and a passenger on the flight;[21] according to Vladimir Prisyazhnyuk, the head of Sukhoi Civil Aircraft, two Italians and one French citizen of Vietnamese descent were also on board.[22] The captain of the jet was Alexander Yablontsev (57), a former Russian test pilot;[24] he had been the pilot for the first test flight of Superjet 100 in May 2008.[25] The first officer was Alexander Kotchetkov (44) and the flight navigator was Oleg Shvetsov (51).[26]
Investigation [ edit ]
One day after the crash, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev set up a commission, headed by Yury Slyusar of the Industry and Trade Ministry, to investigate the cause of the accident.[27] According to the National Transportation Safety Committee (NTSC), the Indonesian agency for the investigation of civil aircraft accidents, analysis of the crash would take up to 12 months.[28] On 15 May 2012, it was reported in the local media that the Indonesian government had turned down Russia's request to send back the flight data recorder, stating that Indonesian investigators would determine the cause of the crash, while Russian experts would provide support only.[29] The cockpit voice recorder was found on 15 May 2012 at a distance of 200 m from the tail section.[10] The flight data recorder was found on 31 May 2012[30] at a distance of 200 m from the tail section.[31]
The Indonesian NTSC had released their Preliminary Report, which listed factual findings but did not attempt to determine the cause of the accident.[32] According to sources within the investigating committee, the aircraft was in full working order and the incident was ascribed to human error.[33][34]
The final report was released 18 December 2012.[35] Crash investigators determined that the plane's terrain warning system had been functioning correctly and had warned the pilots about the impending collision with the mountain. The pilots, however, turned the system off, believing that it was malfunctioning, even if their view of the surrounding area was obstructed by a thick cloud cover.[5] Furthermore, being distracted by conversation on the flight deck unrelated to flying the plane, they failed to notice that the plane was in danger.[6][36]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Mural in Solo commemorating the accident
Sky Aviation, an Indonesian air carrier, delayed the delivery of 12 Superjet 100s following the accident.[37] Arifin Seman, the commissioner of Kartika Airlines, another domestic Indonesian carrier, went on record to say that the delivery of 30 Superjet 100s, which his company had ordered, would likely be delayed following the crash.[38] Several days later, however, the same source published Sky Aviation's statement in which they declared that they were not going to cancel the contract. Moreover, Sky Aviation's general manager for promotion, Sutito Zainuddin, added that "the additional 100-seat planes would be needed to connect major cities in Indonesia, particularly Jakarta".[39] Mexico's Interjet Board chairman Miguel Alemаn Velasco said the crash had no influence on the company's desire to purchase additional Superjets.[40]
Russian airline Aeroflot and Armenian Armavia were the only two operators of the SSJ-100 at the time of the crash, but had not suspended operations of the type.[41] Armavia said that it would continue negotiations over the purchase of another Superjet 100 for its fleet, but the airline ceased operations later in 2013.[42]
The documentary television series Mayday covered the accident in the 2018 episode "Deadly Display".
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Hey there, exploitative workplace overlords! In case you needed another reason to use interns instead of actual paid employees, here's another perk: You can sexually harass the living daylights out of them. As Businessweek reported Tuesday, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York has ruled a former unpaid intern at the New York bureau of Phoenix Satellite Television cannot bring a sexual harassment claim under the New York City Human Rights Law – because she wasn't a paid employee.
Lihuan Wang filed her suit two years ago, claiming that the harassment took place in 2010, while she was interning at the company as a graduate student. She reported that her supervisor, Washington bureau chief Liu Zhengzhu, made sexually inappropriate comments about "the sex drives of black men" and that he lured her to his hotel room, where he "held her for about five seconds, tried to kiss her by force, and squeezed her buttocks." She further said that when she later tried to talk about job opportunities at the company, he "invited her to Atlantic City." Though she lost her case, Lihuan Wang is still proceeding with another suit, alleging that the company didn't hire her because she wouldn't submit to Zhengzhu's overtures. And she's currently working in Shanghai as a news anchor and reporter. Meanwhile, CNN reports that "According to the ruling and a lawyer for Phoenix Satellite, Liu was terminated from his job once the company investigated the allegations."
Advertisement:
It's discouraging – and ridiculous – that little has changed since 1994, when nursing student Bridget O'Connor lost her sexual harassment suit against the psychiatric hospital where she interned. Only Oregon currently offers legal protection from sexual harassment to unpaid interns – and Oregon only passed the law in June. In his ruling in Wang's case, Judge Kevin Castel declared that "it is uncontested that Wang received no remuneration for her services. New York City's Human Rights Law's protection of employees does not extend to unpaid interns." And he says, "An 'employer' logically cannot discriminate against a person in the 'conditions or privileges of employment' if no employment relationship exists." In other words, it wasn't a job so it doesn't even matter if it happened or not, you're not protected!
But while the outcome of the case is anything but satisfying for Lihuan Wang, this is hardly the end of the story for Phoenix Satellite, or at least one former paid employee. As Mother Jones first noted in August, the company still faces a slew of other allegations regarding Liu Zhengzhu. A former employee has filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, alleging that "Liu unexpectedly showed up at her apartment when her fiancé wasn't home, forced his way through the door, and unzipped his pants" and that "he only stopped when she was able to make a racket, spooking him." And two other former job applicants told Mother Jones they'd had similar incidents with him, including one who claims he "pushed her down on the bed and began playing with his penis in front of her." Too bad she was apparently never hired. Then she might have been able to say she'd been harassed.
Modular Driven Technologies recently sent us one of their new LSS Chassis Systems. The LSS is a very minimalist chassis that offers you the option to use your favorite AR15 pistol grip and adjustable buttstock. One of the most important features is that the LSS allows your Remington 700 short action rifle to accept Accuracy International AICS pattern magazines. Our initial impression is that the LSS is a very solid piece. Our factory Remington 700 Varmint rifle dropped right in.
The slim, short forend free-floats your barrel and allows for a solid point to mount a bipod or sling. The LSS comes out of the box with a sling stud installed. We chose to install the optional 2.5″ picatinny rail to facilitate mounting our Alamo Four Star DLOC equipped Harris bipod.
The LSS does not include a pistol grip or buttstock. You must provide those yourself. We chose to install a Falcon Ergo Tactical Deluxe grip and Magpul CTR stock. The comb height with the CTR stock is too short for a good cheek weld with a typical low-mounted rifle scope. Adding a Magpul 0.75″ Riser resolved this perfectly.
Overall the quality is very good. The chassis is advertised as Type-3 Hard Anodized with a black coating. We did chip some of the black coating off of the pistol grip lug when we installed a hard plastic grip. Otherwise the installation was uneventful.
The LSS is available for the Remington 700 Short Action, Savage and Tikka T3.
The LSS retails for $399 from Brownells and is available in black or FDE. This price point places the LSS in a position to take the “best buy” title for entry level chassis systems. At 1.6 lbs (without butt and grip) it is one of the lightest Remington 700 Chassis we have encountered.
Once we get some range time with the system we will report back with a full review.
Lena Luthor might finally be forced to decide whether she falls on the side of good or evil during Monday's episode of Supergirl.
While Kara (Melissa Benoist) and Maggie (Floriana Lima) desperately try to save Alex (Chyler Leigh) after the elder Danvers sister is kidnapped, Lena (Katie McGrath) will weigh an interesting proposal brought forth by vengeful Daxamite Queen Rhea (Teri Hatcher), kicking off a multi-episode story line that goes deeper than just two potential villains aligning.
After Mon-El (Chris Wood) disavowed his family, Rhea has returned to Earth determined to make Supergirl pay. It appears Rhea might be aiming to exploit a wounded Lena, who previously turned on her own mother Lillian Luthor (Brenda Strong) and subsequently lost her former love Jack Spheer (Rahul Kohli) — both ultimately because of Supergirl.
“What's interesting about it is Rhea has got her master plan and she obviously does not come in peace,” executive producer Andrew Kreisberg tells EW. “But what's interesting to us as writers, and what I think Teri and Katie do so beautifully in their story line together, is Lena's lost her father, she's lost her brother, now she's lost Jack. She's desperate for a mother to come along and help her, protect her, and take care of her; obviously, Lillian is not that person. Then along comes Rhea, who is offering to be this guide, this mentor, and this supporter, and somebody who is truly proud of Lena and truly cares about her. Lena is uniquely vulnerable to what Rhea is offering.”
But Rhea might also find solace in this potential new partnership. “By the same token, Rhea has been rejected by her child,” Kreisberg says. “So as much as Rhea has her ulterior motives, in Lena, she's looking at the daughter she never had, because this is somebody who is smart, creative, and looks up to her. While there is the grander plot and scheming going on, you really have a daughter who needs a mother and a mother who needs a child. That's what makes their pairing together so interesting and nuanced.”
Supergirl airs Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on The CW.
When Black-ish first premiered, the sitcom was notable because of its visible diversity, especially considering it closed out ABC's very white Wednesday night comedy lineup (joining The Middle, The Goldbergs, Modern Family). As it progressed, the show continued to tackle storylines specific to black culture — teaching children about the importance of black history, worrying about whether you're “black enough,” homophobia in the black community, etc. — while also including more typical family sitcom tropes, such as a married couple switching chores or disliking their daughter's boyfriend. It provided a good balance for a sitcom: enough universal plots to appeal to a wide variety of viewers, but also plenty of focus on an often-overlooked minority group, making it one of the year's best new comedies.
Last night's finale, “Pops' Pops' Pops,” was another funny and original episode, as well as a nice way to end a great season of television. It played around with the format by dipping into a different era, as Pops tells his family a story about their heritage. (The children are putting together a family tree report for school, and as many black people know from experience, going back into our family histories for a school project can get pretty depressing — and both embarrassing and alienating when it comes to presenting them in front of a largely white class). The episode mostly takes place during the Harlem Renaissance and features flashy costumes and guest stars (P. Diddy, Mary J. Blige). And it maintains Black-ish‘s perfect balance: the story was reminiscent of '90s TGIF sitcoms — such as Boy Meets World‘s back-in-time episodes — but it was also decidedly about African-American culture at the same time. Pops clearly took some liberties: “Who's telling the story?” he repeatedly questions his family whenever someone interrupts to fact-check a particular detail. But, as we learn in the end, the important thing isn't the specifics of the story — it's the fact that this story is being told at all.
This thesis statement is one that speaks to Black-ish‘s first season as a whole. Throughout the 24 episodes, there were ups and downs as the show sometimes veered too much into the cliched (the bickering-couple Valentine's Day episode or the grossly overdone “man lies about his vasectomy” plot), but it still made sure that it was always saying something — and, more importantly, it made sure it was always saying something about being black. Of course, the specifics of being black vary from person to person, and the ways in which we exist within or celebrate our black culture differs. And that was the basic premise of the show: Are the Johnsons black enough? Are they well-versed enough in their culture? Are they sellouts for having money, for living in the suburbs, for playing field hockey or dating outside of their race? But Black-ish exists under the assumption that there is no right or wrong answer.
Black-ish gracefully handles so many different narratives. One episode focuses on Andre Jr. joining the young Republicans — much to his parents' dismay; in disbelief, they sputter out, “But we're black?!” — first to impress a pretty girl but then he begins to actually like the politics. (The writers find a clever way to have the parents disagree with Republican fundamentals without turning the episode into a full half-hour of conservative-bashing; a rival black couple extolls the virtues of being black Republicans while Dre marvels about how Cheney is a “hero” and a “pimp.”) Teen Andre later becomes a Democrat because of another pretty girl. Another episode, featuring guest star Raven Symone, deals with black homophobia. I had been dreading the episode because of Empire‘s clumsy portrayal of the same problem, but Black-ish got it right by discussing the issue in smaller terms — confining it to the Johnson family, mostly focusing on Dre's deeply religious mother — instead of trying to take on the way it might manifest in the larger world. (Empire‘s insisted that basically every black person, especially in the hip-hop community, is homophobic.)
As with Fresh Off the Boat, there are going to be viewers who believe Black-ish isn't going hard enough when it comes to portraying a black family — because there are so few narratives about black families currently on television that Black-ish has been unfairly tasked with representing all black families. There will also be viewers who believe that the show focuses too much on race and would prefer that it was never mentioned. It puts Black-ish in a no-win scenario, but it's a scenario that the series has been aware about and one that it's worked with by inserting specifics about culture into its broad plots. Like Pops did in last night's episode, the show is taking liberties with its portrayal of the black experience, because no black experience is the same — but what it's important is that Black-ish is making sure its story gets told.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 9, 2016, 3:43 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 9, 2016, 4:03 PM GMT By NBC News
Only U.S. citizens have the right to vote in the election, but plenty of people around the world wish they could help choose the most powerful person on the planet.
As news sunk in that Donald J. Trump will become the 45th president of the United States, people shared their views — from shock to surprise — on America's next leader.
ROME, ITALY
On hearing that Trump had won, Alessio Renda, a 25-year-old music student, was incredulous. “Seriously? It's impossible. Oh my god. It's really strange, that's my first reaction.”
Anna Maria Fagetin, a 35-year-old lawyer, reflected on Trump's pledge to bring his business acumen to the White House — and drew parallels with Italian tycoon and ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
“Berlusconi said the same thing when he ran in Italy ... that he would run Italy like he would run his companies," she said. "The companies were successful, but Italy was not. So, what advice can I give to the Americans? Good luck.”
Michele Angelini, a 24-year-old student in Rome, said that the first thing that came to his mind when he learned the news was that he would "have to create a nuclear shelter in the basement."
His second thought was: "Well, now [Americans] have Berlusconi, too.”
TEHRAN, IRAN
“I'm happy Trump got elected because I think he is going to pull America down and weaken the country," said Chegini, a 27-year-old civil engineer who would not give his full name. "I think the election of Trump means the weakening of America and it will be good for Iran."
Suleiman Mordai Rad, a 58-year-old cab driver, said: "We are revolutionaries ...whether its Trump or Clinton, it makes no difference. As the supreme leader said, we will deliver a massive punch to America's mouth. They have to respect us, that's it. But they are not going to because they take their instructions from Israel."
Trump will have a "negative effect" on the Middle East "if he can't control himself," said Hesam Modir, a 60-year-old mechanical engineer. "He seems to favor conflict. But today, after the nuclear deal, I don't think America will have any effect on Iran, good or bad."
TOKYO, JAPAN
"I think the result will bring huge damage to the Japanese economy,” said Yoshihiro Iseki, a 78-year-old retiree. “Mr. Trump has said Japan should defend itself on its own, if that's the case it's going to be a huge problem."
Kumiko Kurosawa, a 47-year-old who runs her own business in the music industry, said: "I'm afraid Japan will now appear weak to China and North Korea because Mr. Trump doesn't appreciate the strong U.S. and Japan security alliance. I think Japan should shoulder its fair share of responsibilities in terms of security, but not having a strong U.S.-Japan cooperation is a problem.”
Trump “seems to poke at the weakness of others,” said Yasushi Tetsuka, a 49 –year-old male white-collar worker. "I think having him as president will be a disadvantage to us. I am deeply worried about the future of our economy.”
BEIJING, CHINA
“We're seeing a disaster coming, from my perspective, because I think he's crazy,” said Feina Zhen, a 27-year-old from Shenzhen who lived in the U.S. for six years and works at an investment firm in Beijing.
Feina Zhen is a 27-year-old from Shenzhen who lived in the U.S. for six years and works at an investment firm in Beijing,/ Ed Flanagan / NBC News
Ironically sporting a blue “Make China Great Again” hat, Feina expressed concern about her Chinese friends in the U.S. because of Trump's stance on immigration. “If I had the right to vote, I'm definitely not voting for him,” she said.
Mico Ma, a 41-year-old business consultant from Jiangsu province living in Beijing, said: “I'm very surprised you American people vote for a person like that as a leader, as a state leader. I don't think he's ... a cautious person in terms of speeches and behavior and presenting his political viewpoints. Not only to the American people, but also to the world."
“I think Trump being president will bring a very positive influence” to China-U.S. relations, said Gao Yan, a 42-year professional investor in Beijing who hails from Henan province. “Unlike Hillary's email controversy, he will discuss a few things with Chinese government in a transparent way.Trump is a blunt man, so he won't hide what he does.”
TEL AVIV, ISRAEL
Trump is "a one-of-a-kind-guy" and America is ready for him "because he steps out of the border, he says what he thinks and people like that,” said Michael Eladi, a 26-year-old media director. “He is going to do something new. I'm actually happy. Trump might be a little childish, but he is not a liar. He is the lesser evil.”
Omri Shuva, a 30-year-old computer scientist, said: "I'm not sure Trump is capable to this job and I hope he will surprise us all. I think that for us it's bad that Trump won. If he weakens the U.S. worldwide, then it's bad for Israel.”
“I'm surprised, I'm shocked. But to tell you the truth, I was very happy because he ran alone and Clinton had the support of President Obama,” said Shoshana Klien, a 65-year-old who works in a bank and lives in Jerusalem. “Concerning Israel, I don't see any difference between the Democrats and Republicans. And I hope Trump learns about foreign relations. He has a lot to learn and he will be a good president. Yes I'm happy, very happy.”
PARIS, FRANCE
“My reaction is probably the same you will hear many times in France because people don't like him at all. They are afraid of what that guy has said all the time and for us he's really the picture of the redneck American,” said Jean Pierre B, a 65-year-old retiree who did not want to give his last name.
“Well, the reaction is really shock,” said Genevieve Derouvre, a 60-year-old guide book writer. “I'm really shocked and deeply sad for the country. F or all that has been done before by Obama, all the projects that Hillary Clinton had, all that I hope will not collapse. But it will be in danger.”
Gennevieve Derouvre is a 60-year-old writer in Paris. Nancy Ing / NBCNews
KABUL, AFGHANISTAN
“People often associate Mr. Trump with what he had said during election campaign. For example his comments about Muslims were not only deeply offensive here, but it also alienated a lot of people,” said Bilal Sarwary, a 34-year-old journalist in Kabul. “But more importantly this is a country [that] heavily relies on U.S.A. Almost $3.5 billion and even more is paid every year by U.S.A. to pay the salaries of Afghan security forces to run the country's military forces. So if I were President Ashraf Ghani … I would be worried about first guaranteeing the money keeps on coming.”
Shaharzad Akbar is a 29-year-old political activist in Kabul, Afghanistan. Ahmed Mengli / NBC News
“American elections results took me, like many others, by surprise. I am concerned about the future of human rights in America as well as U.S. foreign policy,” said Shaharzad Akbar, a 29-year-old political activist. “The president elect's campaign rhetoric, and his lack of political and military experience, are both causes for concern. The world will be watching the U.S. with anxiety and concern in the months and years to come.”
RAMALLAH, WEST BANK
Naser Abdel Hade, a 53-year-old restaurant owner in Ramallah, said Trump's victory was "an international political earthquake."
"I think America got what it deserves, I think it shows the true picture of America, it's racist," he said. "I think it's a wake-up call to the people of America to become more compassionate, to become more fair towards itself and the world. So I think we will wait four more years to see the repercussions of what happened this morning.”
“In my opinion all of them are liars, no one will improve the Palestinian issue,” said Doha Sheikh, a 21- year-old student in Ramallah. “No one cares about Palestinians issues, but about themselves.
“I think it will be four miserable years for the U.S. for normal citizens and also for Arabs,” said Omar Ziadi, a 29-year-old writer.
PESHAWAR, PAKISTAN
“I personally thought a woman should win the election as it would have changed U.S. history … We have seen their male presidents always fighting wars," said Shehzada Khan, a 60-year-old farmer in northwest Pakistan.
Mohammad Jan, a 24-year-old who sells fruits and vegetables in Peshawar, said he was also a supporter of Clinton because he believed she might be able to control terrorism in Pakistan. “I was hurt when I learned that my favorite candidate has lost," he said.
"Now, when Donald Trump has become the new U.S. president ... you can convey to him our appeal to work for peace.”
BERLIN, GERMANY
"I do not fear Trump, but things will become more difficult for Germany," said Günther Drexler, a 53-year-old civil employee. "The end of the Cold War and the fall of the Wall were positive events that we experienced. Now, for several years, we have seen these negative, anti-democratic tendencies," he added.
Xandra Heemskerk, 56, a lawyer from the Netherlands who was visiting Berlin, told NBC News that she was shocked when saw the news in the morning. "This is terrible. He's very dangerous I think," she said. "I see it and I think what's going to happen in this world.
BAGHDAD, IRAQ
Zena Ghazi, a 22- year- old female college student from Baghdad, was saddened to learn about Trump's election.
“It is true that I am not an American and he is not an Iraqi, but I am sad because such a person was able to be a president of a great country like America,” said Ghazi. “He is a racist, does not respect women, I wonder how he is going to respect Iraqis if he does not respect women from his own nation!”
Mohammed Saleh, a 41-year-old college professor at Diyala University, is worried about the prospect of two strong men on the world stage.
“Now we have two crazy ambitious presidents who are going to try and show their strength. They are Putin and Trump," said Saleh. “Both will try to be strong presidents for strong countries; Iraqi and Syria are going to be their fighting zone. Each of them will try to prove to the other that he is stronger. I believe that Trump is not going to succeed in this, unless he hires good advisers who would help him to pass this test.”
CAIRO, EGYPT
“I'm pretty confused,” said Egyptian engineering student Omar al Toukhy. Trump “just knows about business, finance and other issues. But [for] politics, I don't think he is good for that position as president of the most powerful country in the world.”
The 21-year-old added he worried U.S.-Egypt relations would be affected “more than you can ever imagine” and saw the Trump election as “not a good sign for what is coming” given Trump's views on Muslims.
Literature student Mariam Khalid, 21, also worried about her country's future.
“I might want to go to the United States to visit or be a tourist or go on an internship … but if that is not available it would make me very sad,” she said, referring to Trump's campaign promises to bar Muslims from entering the country.
Khalid also worried about the president elect's willingness to get involved in issues close to many of her countrymen's hearts.
She added: “I don't know how much he is willing to involve in issues in Syria and in issues the world in general but we will see how things go.”
BANGKOK, THAILAND
Chodok Hirunyasumrit, a 22-year-old male office worker had perhaps the most sublime take on the turn of events. “I'm not worried about this... The world changes every day. We are not worried.”
NBC News' Claudio Lavanga, Ali Arouzi, Arata Yamamoto, Ed Flanagan, Paul Goldman, Nancy Ing, Lawahez Jabari, Andy Eckardt, Carlo Angerer, Charlene Gubash, Ahmed Mengli, Mushtaq Yusufazi, Nat Sumon and Petra Cahill contributed to this report.
Two of the four people charged with stealing more than $175,000 from an Agway store in Cressona are accused of using the stolen money to buy a winning $1 million lottery ticket, according to an Associated Press report.
State police said Joan Lechleitner and her fiance, Kerry Titus, bought the winning Cash 5 ticket worth more than $1,047,618 with money they stole from May 2011 to March 2016. A criminal complaint obtained by the Associated Press revealed that the couple -- along with two other former employees, Samantha Schaeffer and Tyler Schappell -- rang up fake returns during that period and pocketed the money.
Some of the stolen money was used to buy lottery tickets during the time frame, including the $1 million winner on Sept. 11. Lechleitner split the winnings with four others, netting $264,904.50, according to state lottery officials.
Lechleitner told the Republican Herald in Pottsville that Titus bought the ticket, noting that the couple used the money to buy a 2015 Chevrolet Silverado. She said the pair also planned to honeymoon in Mexico and add a backyard pool.
The store's owner, Ronald Yordy, reportedly installed hidden cameras, which caught the group stealing the money and buying lottery tickets, police said. Yordy told police he had to borrow money to keep the store open because of the thefts.
A forensic audit and statements from the defendants helped police determine the amount stolen, according to the report.
All four suspects face eight charges for the thefts, including six felony counts. Preliminary hearings have been set for July 5.
Why do some people love broccoli, kale and black coffee, while others hold their noses when faced with these bitter-tasting foods? New research published in the journal Chemical Senses this month may help get at the answer.
Our evolutionary history plays a huge role in which flavors we like and which we avoid. Find it impossible to resist that office birthday cake, even though you know you shouldn't indulge? The excellent cookbook/food science guide Cooking for Geeks informs me that we probably love fats, sweets and sugars because back when we were hunting and gathering, the foods they were found in (I'm thinking things like ripe wild strawberries and woolly mammoth meat), were tough to get and also high in energy.
Because of these nutritional advantages, fewer of those who had no affinity survived to pass on their genes. However, in the modern landscape of Big Gulps and Applebee's restaurants, our evolved love of fats, sweets and sugars now works agasint us, and the result is the obesity epidemic.
Almost everybody likes cake and candy bars. But this isn't true for bitter foods (although many people do seem to acquire a taste for them as they grow up). According to the new paper, we have 25 “bitter” taste receptors, each with its own gene. But all of them aren't expressed in all of us: which of them are turned on varies wildly from person to person, much more so than for other taste receptors like those for sweet or salty flavors. The paper suggests that this may be due to “local adaptation to the avoidance of plant toxins;” in other words, if your hunting-and-gathering territory included a lot of bitter plants which were also poisonous, the genes of your ancestors would reflect a distaste for the flavor.
The study tested how which versions of the “bitterness genes” a group of 96 subjects had related to their sensitivity to bitter flavors. The participants were given a genetic analysis, and also a taste trial, in which they sampled espresso, scotch whiskey, and unsweetened grapefruit juice and were asked to rank how strongly they liked or disliked the flavor. They found a strong relationship between genes and affinity for bitter flavors: participants who had one version of a certain gene, for example, ranked grapefruit juice as tasting twice as bitter as participants with a different version.
Each of the 25 “bitterness genes” seem to control our liking for different foods. “This study moves us beyond the one-size-fits-all approach,” said lead researcher John Hayes in a press release. “It turns out that different bitter foods act through different receptors, and people can be high or low responders for one but not another. Thus, you may despise grapefruit but have no problem with black coffee.”
Hayes explains that bitter and sweet tastes work in opposition in the brain — so if you perceive food as tasting more bitter, then it also tastes less sweet to you. “This means not all foods taste the same to all people,” said Hayes. Perhaps this provides insight into why some people are picky eaters and others aren't.
These genetically-determined taste preferences appear to have real affects in our diets. According to Hayes, people who are more sensitive to bitter tastes eat 25% fewer vegetables, which could put them at greater risk for certain diseases like colon cancer. The study also found that having the “less sensitive” version (called K172) of one of these genes appears to be a risk factor for drinking too much alcohol (alcohol, if you think about it, has a distinctly bitter taste).
If subsequent research backs up these findings, it seems that our tastes may be more influenced by our genes than we thought. If you have a lifelong loathing of spinach and dark chocolate, your picky tastes might be due to a super-sensitivity to bitter flavors. Go ahead and blame your genes if you want, but this research doesn't give you a pass: veggies are still good for you.
Vladimir Putin prior to speaking at the U.N., September 28, 2015 (Spencer Platt/Getty)
If the humiliation of the Obama administration continues at this rate, by this time next week you should expect to see Secretary of State John Kerry on all fours at the United Nations, getting paddled by the Russian foreign minister and shouting, “Thank you, comrade! May I have another?”
On Monday, President Obama and Vladimir Putin had a meeting at the United Nations. All Putin wanted from it was a photo of the two men huddling together. The Russian president needed to show his people that he's still a major player on the world stage, a big man driving events. Obama, who spent much of the last year trying to isolate the butchest of Ukraine, gave Putin exactly what he wanted. In wall-to-wall coverage, Russian media celebrated the big man's diplomatic triumph and his geo-strategic genius.
Advertisement
What was Obama's price for granting Putin this PR windfall? The leader of the free world made the Russian autocrat listen to another tedious lecture about how Putin doesn't understand his country's interests as well as Obama does. No doubt Putin would have preferred to avoid yet another seminar on how the world should work. But if Paris was worth a mass for Henry IV, no doubt Syria (and not just Syria) was worth yet another sonorous tutorial about the moral arc of the universe doing jobs our president won't.
#share#While Obama droned on about the importance of cooperation and communication, Putin was probably counting the minutes until he could get back to reviewing Syrian targets for his bombers.
Advertisement
It didn't take long for Putin to reveal what he thinks of Obama's sermons on the importance of communication. On Wednesday, a three-star Russian general marched into the U.S. embassy in Baghdad and issued a démarche — a fancy diplomatic word for a formal, non-negotiable declaration. The general reportedly instructed U.S. officials that Russia would commence airstrikes within the hour and that American forces had better clear out. In diplomatic terms, it was somewhere between a white-gloved slap in the face and a spit in the eye.
Advertisement
#related#A State Department spokesman later said, “We've seen media reporting that has suggested Russian missions have begun.”
There's a nice irony here in that Obama has often said that he only learned about the failures of his administration — corruption at the IRS, malfeasance at the VA, etc. — from media reports. So perhaps Putin thought this was the way Obama liked to be informed of unfortunate events.
Regardless, Putin's planes started their bombing runs. Russia claimed they were targeting the Islamic State, but the bombs landed where intended: on U.S.-backed Syrian rebels. Russia's confidence was well-founded. Upon hearing the news that our allies on the ground were being slaughtered, Kerry met with Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov at the U.N. Lavrov, being the more important figure, spoke first at the press conference.
Advertisement
Then, Kerry issued this less-than-blistering denunciation: “I relayed and reiterated the concerns that I expressed in the course of the U.N. Security Council meeting which was led by Russia today: concerns that we have about the nature of the targets, the type of targets, and the need for clarity with respect to them. And it is one thing obviously to be targeting ISIL. We're concerned, obviously, if that is not what is happening.”
No doubt our friends are reassured by the news that if Russia bombs them, America will immediately respond by expressing our ‘concerns.'
No doubt our friends are reassured by the news that if Russia bombs them, America will immediately respond by expressing our “concerns.”
At the Pentagon, Defense Secretary Ash Carter convened a press conference where he brought all the urgency of a faculty department chair assigning new parking spaces. He did say that he takes the Russians “at their word.”
Advertisement
“My problem isn't that I don't understand what they're doing,” Carter said. “I think my problem is that I think what they're doing is going to backfire and is counterproductive.”
This is the Obama doctrine in a nutshell. The president's favorite rhetorical trope is to justify withdrawing from the world on the grounds that the “international community” will fill the vacuum created by our abdication. But the international community's troops always stay in their barracks. Meanwhile, bad actors — Russia, China, Iran, et al. — seize the opening. Our president responds with mournful words that doing so is not in the villains' interests. Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons, and Syrian president Bashar al-Assad's bombing of his own people demonstrate, according to Obama, that they are on “the wrong side of history.”
Having made his pronouncement, the ostrich buries his head back in the sand.
Calling all security researchers, engineers, and developers: Zerodium is offering three $1 million rewards for remote iOS 9 exploits.
"Apple iOS, like all operating system[s], is often affected by critical security vulnerabilities," Zerodium said in an announcement. "However due to the increasing number of security improvements and the effectiveness of exploit mitigations in place, Apple's iOS is currently the most secure mobile OS.
"But don't be fooled, secure does not mean unbreakable, it just means that iOS has currently the highest cost and complexity of vulnerability exploitation," the company continued. "And here's where the Million Dollar iOS 9 Bug Bounty comes into play."
Of the $3 million prize money, $1 million will go to each individual or team that creates and submits an "exclusive, browser-based, and untethered jailbreak" for iOS 9.
Zerodium says the initial attack vector must be a Web page targeting the mobile browser or any application reachable through the browser, or a text message delivered via a SMS OR MMS. Plus, the exploitation process should be achievable "remotely, reliably, silently, and without requiring any user interaction" except visiting a website or reading a message, Zerodium said.
Though attack vectors such as physical access, Bluetooth, NFC, or baseband are not eligible, the security firm might consider them separately.
Most importantly, the jailbreak must work reliably on the iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, 6, 6 Plus, 5, 5c, and 5s, as well as iPad Air 2, iPad Air, fourth-gen iPad, third-gen iPad, iPad mini 4, and iPad mini 2.
The program is open until Oct. 31 at 6 p.m. Eastern. But keep an eye on Zerodium's website, as the bug bounty may end early, once the $3 million payout is depleted.
Engadget, however, warns hackers to beware of Zerodium: founder Chaouki Bekrar has a history of selling exploits to the highest bidder, rather than disclosing issues to the manufacturer, according to the tech blog. In fact, Zerodium does not want these vulnerabilities patched—at least not until it can resell them for a profit, Engadget said.
Zerodium did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Apple's iOS 9 launched last week with a range of new features, as well as bug fixes and new apps like News. The operating system also has a redesigned Notes service and includes transit information for its Maps navigation program. As of Monday, it was running on more than 50 percent of iDevices currently in the wild.
Zerodium's campaign, meanwhile, comes after Apple was forced to pull several apps from its App Store after legitimate apps were infected with malware. Developers reportedly used an unstable version of Apple's Xcode developer software.
For more, see Before and After iOS 9: What's Different?
Illustration: Michael Osadciw/University of Rochester
The field of plasmonics—the use surface plasmons generated when photons hit a metal structure—might enable photonic circuits that could do what electronic ICs do, but do it much faster—at the speed of light. Without plasmonics, photonic circuits would be too large, because they need to accommodate wavelength of light.
In a step toward that goal, a joint research team from the University of Rochester and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich have developed a primitive circuit consisting of a silver nanowire and single-layer flake of molybdenum disulfide (MoS 2 ). This simple circuit can efficiently guide both electricity and light along the same wire.
In the experiment, which was published in the journal Optica, a laser was used to trigger the plasmons on the surface of the wire. The plasmons coming off the nanowire triggered a photoluminescence in the MoS 2 , which is a two-dimensional material like graphene but has an inherent band gap. Excitons—basically energized electrons bound to positively charged holes that form when light hits a semiconductor—form in the MoS 2 , and decay into the nanowire plasmons. So, the international team demonstrated that the nanowire serves the dual purpose of exciting the MoS 2 via plasmons and recollecting the decaying exciton as nanowire plasmons.
“We have found that there is pronounced nanoscale light-matter interaction between plasmons and atomically thin material that can be exploited for nanophotonic integrated circuits,” said Nick Vamivakas, assistant professor at the University of Rochester, in the press release.
The combination of subwavelength light guidiance and strong nanoscale light-matter interaction they demonstrated could help lead to compact and efficient on-chip optical processing, the researchers believe.
The next step in their research will be to demonstrate the primitive circuit with light emitting diodes.
This concept art for Mad Max: Fury Road is absolutely amazing.
There's a reason that the cars in the film are the real stars of the show, and it's because illustrator Peter Pound was already working on the designs 15 years ago.
His website states: "Beginning in the late '90s, Peter contributed over 950 storyboard frames to Fury Road and is the Principal Vehicle Designer." The Principal Vehicle Designer also contributed intricate designs for the characters and storyboarded scenes.
Art director Jacinta Leong said the reason the vehicles look so amazing was because of the amount of time that was put into imagining them on the screen.
In an interview with The Credits, she said: "The vehicles had their functions too, which led to their forms. "For example, the pole cat vehicles were used to pluck prey from moving vehicles. How do they work? They looked like analogue metronomes.
"This world looks believable, because all those questions were asked.
"Concept Illustrator Peter Pound had also been working on this project since the late '90s, so he had many ideas on the vehicles."
The man behind the curtain
One of the first things he says is that he absolutely cannot offer proof.
This makes a disappointing amount of sense: he is a self-confessed DDoS troll, a member of the infamous group DerpTrolling. Since distributed denial-of-service attacks could be considered a federal crime under US law -- and, indeed, are an offence in many locations around the globe, including the UK and Australia -- he, understandably, won't give a name, location or even rough age. As a corollary, we have no way of knowing that he is who he says he is.
We'll call him Incognito. To talk to him, we plug into a private chat session from opposite sides of the globe (as indicated by time zones) using an encrypted Chrome add-on.
"I've seen Anonymous at its best," he tells us. "I participated in their major DDoS attacks against Visa and PayPal, although the role DerpTrolling played in those attacks is pretty much unknown. I've seen the rise and fall of LulzSec. So let's just say I am old enough to know how to stay hidden."
One thing is clear from the outset: Incognito believes that what DerpTrolling does is for the good of everyone.
"DerpTrolling as a group shows the world, particularly the gaming community, how big companies and corporations such as Riot or Blizzard only care about money," he explains. "Our methods are forcing big companies and corporations to upgrade their servers and make sure their clients are their top priority."
DerpTrolling has been around since around 2011 or so, and Incognito has been a member since the beginning. Its method of attack, as mentioned above, is DDoS -- overloading servers with external communication requests, rendering the target systems unusable for a period of time. DerpTrolling has attacked several high-profile servers over the years, including those of League of Legends, World of Tanks, EVE Online, DoTA 2, Blizzard, RuneScape and, more recently, Xbox Live and the Nintendo Web store.
DerpTrolling
Although their actions may appear inscrutably juvenile and unwarranted -- done for, as the saying goes, the lulz -- the team identifies rather strongly with Richard Stallman's assessment of DDoS as a form of protest against what it perceives as a callous disregard for gamers on the part of games publishers.
"A company that doesn't care only for money would make the effort, which includes time and money, to make sure their servers aren't able to be crippled by a simple DDoS attack," Incognito said. "We decided to take action because, if we had the capability to stop corporate greed and we did nothing, that in itself is a crime. We thought DDoS attacks were appropriate because they do not affect customers in a monetary way, unlike leaking data -- although we are not opposed to leaking data."
Lines in the sand
He is careful to point out that DerpTrolling is against doxxing -- that is, the leaking of information about a specific individual, such as address, phone number, Social Security number, credit card and bank account details -- and swatting, a term for calling the police to the home of said doxxed individual for spurious reasons.
In one of the most famous incidents involving the group, though, one particular individual was doxxed and swatted -- Twitch streamer PhantomL0rd. While DerpTrolling was attacking Battle.net, EA.com, Club Penguin and Riot, it was allegedly because those were games PhantomL0rd was playing. At some point during the DDoS activities, PhantomL0rd was doxxed on several gaming websites -- and then someone called the police to his home, accusing the streamer of holding five people hostage.
Incognito is cagey about the incident, and won't comment on why the group targeted PhantomL0rd or what precisely DerpTrolling did do -- only saying that there is no hard evidence connecting DerpTrolling to the actions. "Yes, Phantoml0rd was doxxed and swatted," he said. "But we never threatened to harm him physically and we have never taken credit for that attack."
"We decided to take action because, if we had the capability to stop corporate greed and we did nothing, that in itself is a crime." Incognito
He seems determined to impress that there are lines DerpTrolling won't cross -- that what the group does, it does for the good of all. As an example, he mentions that the group is sitting on what could have been a significant customer data leak.
"We are currently in possession of over 800,000 usernames and passwords from the 2K gaming studio. As of right now, our members as a whole have decided that leaking data is not what we do, and therefore we will not leak such damaging data," he said, adding that he had contacted 2K to inform the publisher of the vulnerability in its system -- and received no response.
"I personally contacted them over a month ago. I did not send them an anonymous letter, I made sure they understood exactly who I was. And offered plenty of proof."
Unless the data is actually leaked, he believes that gaming companies are unlikely to spend the money to issue a fix. CNET has contacted 2K for comment and will update when we receive a reply.
Incognito also goes out of his way to dissociate DerpTrolling's activities from those of LizardSquad, the group that claimed responsibility for calling a bomb threat on a plane carrying Sony Online Entertainment president John Smedley.
"I want to make it absolutely clear that DerpTrolling is in no way affiliated with LizardSquad," he said. Although LizardSquad had requested that the two groups work together, DerpTrolling had refused, he said. "LizardSquad is a run by an extremist hacker who has close ties to UGNazi. You could say that the ISISGang is the elite 'leaders' of LizardSquad. We have no wish to associate with any individual or group that has ties with such extremists."
ISISGang has been accused of making prank calls that see their targets swatted and posing as Middle Eastern terrorists, while UGNazi is allegedly responsible for several doxxings and data leaks. Incognito seems quite firm that DerpTrolling wishes to commit no actual harm.
The end and the means
DerpTrolling has more up its sleeve. Attacks on Xbox Live and the Nintendo Web store on Saturday, September 28 were "test fire" for "upcoming attacks", Incognito says -- although he won't go into any further detail about that. Nor is it easy to guess who the targets might be. DerpTrolling allows the community to select targets much of the time, Incognito said, via text or tweet.
The fact that sometimes the attacks achieve a result justifies the work in his view; Incognito says that League of Legends and Xbox Live have both upgraded their servers in response to DerpTrolling DDoS attacks -- in spite of negative public opinion.
"Children do not know what is best for them. We are basically the Gods of the Internet, we know what is best for them." Incognito
"The public will always have an opinion that is based on what the media feeds them," he says. "Children do not know what is best for them. We are basically the Gods of the Internet, we know what is best for them."
When asked if DDoS is a snake chasing its own tail -- that is, if no one engaged in DDoS attacks, then companies would not have to dedicate resources to protecting against them -- he once again pleads no comment.
There is a condition under which DerpTrolling will cease operations: "If the presidents of Sony and Microsoft will wear a shoe on their heads, then DerpTrolling will disband and we will not attack any more servers."
As for Incognito himself, we suspect he might be around for a long time. When asked if he himself would ever hang up his hat, he seems baffled by the question.
"Why would I want to stop?"
India has overtaken the US to become the second-most attractive country after China for investment, according to a report by UK accountancy firm
In an annual ranking of the top 40 markets worldwide in terms of allure, China was ranked at the top, followed by India.
The US slipped to the third spot from the first in the last year's ranking, said. "The fall - the first for the US since 2015 - to third in the ranking of the top 40 countries follows a marked shift in US policy under the new administration," it said.
India was ranked third on the last year's country attractiveness index (RECAI) behind the US and China.
"India continued its upward trend on the index to second position with the government's programme to build 175 gigawatts (gw) in renewable energy generation by 2022 and have renewable energy account for 40 per cent of installed capacity by 2040," EY said in a statement.
The country, it said, has added more than 10 gw of solar capacity in the last three years - starting from a low base of 2.6 gw in 2014. Also, there was a record new wind capacity of 5.4 gw installed in 2016-17.
In the report, EY said: "A combination of strong government support and increasingly attractive economics has helped push India into the second place."
In recent tenders, solar developers have offered to supply power at lower prices than newly-built coal plants, effectively blocking new coal capacity.
"India's 2022 target, set by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2014, includes 100 gw of solar, 60 gw ground mounted and 40 gw rooftop. Wind is expected to deliver 60 gw, with biomass and small hydro accounting for the remaining 15 gw," EY said.
In 2016-17, India added 12.5 gw of renewable energy capacity, compared to 10.2 gw from conventional sources.
Solar power tariff has dropped further to hit a new low of Rs 2.44 per unit in the recent auction conducted for Bhadla solar park.
"However, such low bids raise questions over whether developers are taking on excessive risk. On the one hand, falling bids track lower technology costs and cheaper capital, allowing developers to maintain margins. On the other hand, those margins are already squeezed by the competition that auctions tend to generate. Some projects may not be delivered or quality may be compromised," it said.
The EY report said the government needs to increase compliance with the Renewable Purchase Obligation (RPO) programme as well as ensure distribution companies have the capacity to continue to purchase renewable electricity.
"And the availability of capital remains a concern; the government could ease rules around tapping foreign debt," it said, adding that the government faces several other challenges, including land acquisition, in meeting the 175 gw target.
Catalonia's President is pushing for an independence referendum to be held in November. In spite of the official EU position that this is an internal matter for Spain, leading candidates for the European elections have made comments signalling divisions. EURACTIV Spain reports.
In letters dating from December 2013, Catalonia's president Artur Mas urged European powers to encourage a referendum that the centre-right government of Mariano Rajoy says is unconstitutional and will not allow [read more].
The president of the EU executive, José Manuel Barroso, answered the Catalan leader in early January, stating that “the situation in Catalonia is a Spanish internal matter.” “The EU is based on the treaties, applicable only to the Member States that have adopted and ratified them. If part of the territory of a Member State ceases to be part of the State to become a new independent state, the treaties will no longer be applicable in that area”, he explained.
The President of the European Council Herman Van Rompuy also said that a declaration of independence of Catalonia would transform into a third country vis-a-vis the EU and thus, EU treaties wouldn't apply.
Viviane Reding, vice president of the European Commission, in February said that although “the Catalans are fervent Europeans,” taking into account the rules of the EU, Catalonia “will be outside the European Union within seconds of the vote in favor of independence”. Reding expressed respect for the Catalan desire for independence, but insisted that the process of returning to the Union “would not be quick”, adding that she would regret “a Europe without Catalonia”.
Juncker blunt
The leading candidate of the European People's party (EPP) for Commission President, Jean-Claude Juncker, spoke in blunt terms to the newspaper ABC: “Those who believe that Europe would accept an independent Catalonia, are deeply wrong.” He hinted that even if Spain would accept independence, if Catalonia submitted its application for EU membership, the issue would not be “easily resolved.” Indeed, for the accession of new member states to the Union, accession negotiations should be conducted, and unanimity is required.
Furthermore, Juncker stressed that in view of the great challenges that Europe will face in the next 50 years, “it is not the time to split” neither to “inflict Spain an unnecessary division”.
However, within the PPE, other voices have been heard, and they are not so convinced that an eventual process of accession to the EU of Catalonia would be as slow as Reding said. Maïté Sanchez-Schmid, an EPP-affiliated French MEP, said that “the EU doors are not closed to a possible independent Catalonia”.
If the current treaties do not provide the accession of new countries formerly part of a member state, this is, according to Sanchez-Schmid, because such case has not arisen.” But the MEP says she believes that the EU “will evolve” in that sense.
However, she makes it clear that “it is not Europe who will decide whether Catalonia should be independent or not,” because it is an “internal matter”. Sanchez-Schmid adds that it “would not be understood” if the Catalan people democratically expressed their wish for independence, but their opinion would not be taken into account.
In Spain, the governing Popular Party's position on the issue is clear and unequivocal: they reject Catalan´s demand for a referendum, described by the Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as “illegal”. Rajoy also made it clear in the PP's agenda for the European elections, in which, under the slogan “Together we are stronger in Europe”, he reaffirms the integrity of the territory of Spain in the EU.
Schulz cautious
Martin Schulz, leading candidate of the European Socialists Party (PES) for Commission President, has been the most cautious in its approach to the issue, probably due to his position as President of the European Parliament. Last November, Schulz said in an interview for the Catalan Channel 3/24, that he doesn't believe that what happens in Catalonia “will dent stability of Europe”. He also stated that he is not in favour that the EU should take positions at any point in this debate. “This is not an European issue. It is a matter of Catalonia and Spain,” said the Socialist candidate.
Schulz will visit the Catalan capital shortly before the European elections. On 21 May, the Socialist politician will travel to Barcelona to participate in a campaign event with the head of the list of the Spanish Socialist Party (PSOE), Elena Valenciano, and of the Socialist Party of Catalonia (PSC), Javier López. The latter, in a recent interview with EFE, said that this meeting was a “good sign of the European interest for the elections in Catalonia for the Europeans elections.” The EU elections were not a good occasion to discuss independence. They were about “European affairs”, the Catalan politician added.
However, Valenciano does see the EU as a good scenario to discuss Catalonia's future. In a recent interview, she argued that the EU “can play a role that favours dialogue” since it has many mechanisms to influence this issue”. The PSOE plans to table its “federal proposal” at its congress to be held in June.
Hannes Swoboda, leader of the group of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, has called supporters of independence to be “realistic” and warned that Catalonia could be expelled from the EU “if they get to be independent without an agreement with the Spanish government”. The Austrian politician accused the pro-independence camp trying “to destroy what we have built in recent decades”, and warned them that if independence is proclaimed, they would “turn its back on Europe.”
Swoboda advocates a federal solution, as was also proposed a few days ago by the PSOE candidate Ramón Jáuregui, who argued for a pact on a federal key, “to accept the integration problem to continue living together.” Swoboda advocated a similar line. He said he was strongly in favour of federations, and of trying to find solutions together, with a common future in Europe.
Verhofstadt distanced
The leading candidate of the Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE), Guy Verhofstadt, choose to distance himself from the issue. “My understanding is that this is a Catalan and Spanish affair. I do not think that Europe should get involved and going into this fight, battle, discussion or debate, as you prefer to call,” he explained. “It's a typical question of national character. Should we decide on our domestic law of member states? No, this is not my ambition,” the former Belgian Prime Minister said.
Ska Keller supportive
In contrast with the others, Ska Keller, the leading candidate of the Greens for the European elections, supported the sovereignist consultation on 10 March at a press conference along with leaders of Initiative for Catalonia Greens (ICV). Keller calls for dialogue and believes that the Government should undertake this process “so the referendum can take place”.
Keller also added that if she is appointed in the next elections to the European Parliament, she would support sovereignty talks for Catalonia. “I take my commitment today, if I am elected President of the European Commission, that (it) will support that Catalonia can decide their political future and its relationship with Spain in a referendum,” said the Green leader.
Ernest Urtasun, the ICV head of list for the European elections, said Keller's commitment to support the sovereignty referendum was an example of “great courage”, adding that “we must seek allies in Europe to defend the Catalans´right to decide”.
MEP Raül Romeva of ICV also stressed that the support for the right to decide is “inherent” in the Green Party.
The European Left Party (PIE) made it clear that it opts for “dialogue”. Thus, the candidate to the European of United Left, Willy Meyer warned that it would be “a real nonsense” if Rajoy would consider suspending the autonomy of Catalonia to counter the call for referendum on the Catalan sovereignty.
What remains clear is that the Catalan independence is an issue that will continue to generate discussion after 25 May, at both the national and the EU level.
Guillermo del Toro is perhaps the most visually imaginative director alive today. Unlike Paul Thomas Anderson, with his infuriatingly perfect sense of visual balance, or Alfonso Cuarón, whose Oscar-sweeping Gravity required the invention of a novel, hyper-realistic filming method, del Toro doesn't deal with real life. His domain is the fantastical. There's a chance you may not have liked Pan's Labyrinth, and even the distinct possibility that you've forgotten whatever it is that happens in Hellboy, (something about monsters? Saving the world?), but I'd wager that its menagerie of hellish demons has been seared into your memory.
Late in 2013, del Toro released a voluminous book, entitled Cabinet of Curiosities: My Notebooks, Collections, and Other Obsessions. As he explains in the video above, the 256-page hardcover is a selection from his notebooks, where the director developed many of the monstrosities we've seen on screen.
The Guardian Sket notes that there's something of da Vinci's notebooks in del Toro's records: the small, neat script, mixed in with the wonderfully detailed sketches, combine to give the impression of del Toro doing his best to record the torrent of his imagination before the thoughts disappear. In this post, we include a number of these images. The first three sketches, including the one above, depict del Toro's drawings for Pan's Labyrinth. The fourth is a page from his work on Hellboy, and the fifth is art for his most recent film, Pacific Rim.
From Pan's Labyrinth
From Pacific Rim
For those interested in viewing more of del Toro's wonderfully bizarre sketches, a somewhat larger gallery is available here. The complete Cabinet of Curiosities: My Notebooks, Collections, and Other Obsessions is available at Amazon.com.
Ilia Blinderman is a Montreal-based culture and science writer. Follow him at @iliablinderman, or read more of his writing at the Huffington Post.
Related Content:
Filmmaking Advice from Quentin Tarantino and Sam Raimi
Lovecraft: Fear of the Unknown (Free Documentary)
Time Out London Presents The 100 Best Horror Films: Start by Watching Four Horror Classics Free Online
Google Earth
PORTLAND — A national fuel storage company has plans to turn an asphalt plant near the Willamette River into a rail and marine terminal for crude oil.
The former Paramount Petroleum plant in Northwest Portland has become part of Arc Logistics Partners LP, which operates four crude oil plants in Alabama and methanol, ethanol and other fuel plants throughout the East Coast and Midwestern United States. Arc Logistics entered into a lease in January with CorEnergy, an infrastructure investment company that purchased the plant for $40 million, according to the company's financial reports.
The Arc Logistics website lists the Portland site among its terminals and describes it as “capable of receiving, storing, and delivering heavy and light petroleum products,” by both rail lines and marine vessels.
The project is the latest of several potential crude oil terminals in the Pacific Northwest, a region receiving unprecedented amounts of oil by rail shipments because of a surge in North American oil production. Currently, Port Westward on the Columbia River near Clatskanie is the only crude oil terminal in Oregon. In Washington, terminals have been proposed in Grays Harbor, Vancouver and Tacoma, and expansions to accommodate more Bakken crude shipments have been proposed at refineries in Anacortes and near Bellingham.
Arc Logistics, funded by the investment group Lightfoot Capital, became a public company in November. It describes itself as “principally engaged in the terminalling, storage, throughput and transloading of crude oil and petroleum products,” listing production of both U.S. and Canadian crude as factors affecting its business.
The Portland site spans 39 acres and has 84 tanks for a total capacity of 1,466,000 barrels — several times that of Port Westward. At one time, the plant also had a refining operation of nearly 12,000 barrels per day. That portion of the plant ceased operation in 2006.
Arc Logistics did not return calls for comment. In a release on the company's website, CEO Vince Cubbage called the Portland terminal an important addition to the company's asset base, supported by a long-term contract with a major oil company: “We expect the Portland Terminal to provide the opportunity for significant incremental growth as additional customers or terminal capabilities are developed,” he said.
The shipment of crude oil through the Northwest has raised concerns over safety and environmental health from environmental groups, state agencies and emergency responders. A dramatic increase in the shipment of oil by rail has included a string of fiery derailments, and federal data show more oil spilled from rail lines in 2013 than in the previous 40 years combined.
“It's a big threat to our communities and to water quality,” Brett VandenHeuvel, executive director of the Columbia Riverkeeper, said. “We've seen that these trains carrying Bakken crude have regularly been exploding. A federal safety board said that this Bakken crude should route around urban areas and the thought of putting one in the heart of Portland is a big problem.”
Another environmental consideration raised in the company's financial report is the Portland Harbor, designated as an Environmental Protection Agency superfund site in 2002 to cleanup uncontrolled hazardous waste. The boundaries of the superfund site are not yet finalized, but if they were to include the facility, its new owner would become a responsible party.
Matt McClincy, the state's project manager for the Portland Harbor cleanup, said the EPA occasionally includes upland facilities that do not sit directly on the river, but that state evaluations haven't indicated it will be included.
“The hope would be that short of unforeseen accidents they wouldn't be a concern for the river,” McClincy said.
Arc Terminals, the operating subsidiary of Arc Logistics, runs 17 facilities throughout the country. Federal data show one third of those facilities have been found out of compliance with EPA regulations in the past three years, ranging from minor violations to a $101,500 fine in Alabama in 2012. Arc Terminals facilities have been involved in only a handful of small spills, none larger than 200 gallons, according to National Response Center reports.
Scott Smith, spill contingency planner for the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality, said the agency typically doesn't judge a facility based on its company's performance in other states. The individual plant's past performance, even under a different owner, is much more telling.
The facility opened in 1947, and since then “numerous releases have occurred, resulting in localized impacts to soil and groundwater at the site by petroleum hydrocarbons, volatile organic compounds (“ VOCs ”), polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (“ PAHs ”), and metals,” according to the Arc Logistics report. One of the plant's largest spills was in 2011, when corrosion caused a spill of nearly 21,000 gallons of Naphtha, a liquid hydrocarbon that petroleum plants use as a solvent and diluent. Paramount Petroleum, which has owned the facility since 2005, had it in limited operation at the time of the purchase, according to DEQ.
“‘It looks like a fixer-upper to me,” Smith said of the plant. “A lot of those terminals are very old, and this is one of them. I'll be looking forward to any infrastructure investment that Arc makes in it.”
The lease agreement between Arc Logistics and CorEnergy includes $10 million worth of additional investments to clean, inspect and upgrade the facility's storage and to enhance the terminal's infrastructure.
Correction: An earlier version of this story understated the capacity of the facility. The correct capacity is 1,466,000 barrels.
CLOSE President Barack Obama has signed into law a bipartisan budget bill that avoids national default and sets federal spending through the 2017 fiscal year. (Nov. 2) AP
President Obama talks to the media before signing the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. (Photo11: YURI GRIPAS, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — President Obama formally signed a two-year budget agreement Monday that heads off potential showdowns with Republicans over the debt ceiling and government shutdowns for the remainder of his presidency.
"It is a signal of how Washington should work," Obama said as he signed the bill shortly after it was delivered to the White House, saying the new budget plan invests in both the economy and national security.
The bill suspends the debt limit until March 15, 2017, basically enabling the government to borrow the money it needs to pay off existing U.S. debt — and kicking the issue into the next presidency.
Some House Republicans had proposed the former debt limit — which was set to expire Tuesday — to leverage more spending cuts from the administration.
Outgoing House speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, put together a plan to avoid breaching the debt limit, saying that doing so would threaten the nation's credit rating.
The bill sets the federal budget for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, with an end to spending caps that had affected both national defense and domestic programs.
"By locking in two years of funding," Obama said, "it should finally free us from the cycle of shutdown threats and last-minute fixes. It allows us to, therefore, plan for the future."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NlKPuX
COLUMBUS, OHIO – Columbus Blue Jackets Associate Coach Craig Hartsburg has informed the club he is retiring from coaching after a playing and coaching career that has spanned nearly four decades, club General Manager Jarmo Kekalainen announced today.
Hartsburg, who has served as the club's associate coach since June 20, 2012, will remain with the organization's hockey operations department in a to be determined capacity.
“I've been very fortunate to spend the past 30-plus years in the game as a player or coach and have enjoyed every minute of it, but my priority now is to spend more time with my wife, children and grandchildren,” said Hartsburg. “I have really enjoyed my time in Columbus, working with both John Tortorella and Todd Richards, and appreciate the opportunity to continue to be part of the organization in a role that will also allow me to devote more time to my family.”
“Craig Hartsburg has been a great asset to our coaching staff over the past four seasons and we are very grateful for all of his contributions to our club,” said Kekalainen. “While we are disappointed that he will not be a part of our coaching staff next season, we understand his desire to spend more time with his family and are happy that he will continue to contribute to our hockey operations efforts moving forward.”
Hartsburg joined the Blue Jackets after spending the 2011-12 campaign as associate coach with the Calgary Flames. He also served stints as the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks from 1995-98, Anaheim Ducks from 1998-2001 and Ottawa Senators in 2008-09. He led his clubs to the Stanley Cup Playoffs in three of his five full seasons as a head coach and also served as an assistant coach with the Minnesota North Stars (1989-90) and Philadelphia Flyers (1990-94, 2002-04).
Prior to joining the Flames, Hartsburg spent two seasons as the head coach of the Western Hockey League's Everett Silvertips, leading the club to a 75-54-16 record and a pair of playoff appearances from 2009-11, and was named 2010 WHL Western Conference Coach of the Year. He posted a 181-117-42 record with the Ontario Hockey League's Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds from 2001-02 (OHL Coach of the Year) and 2004-08, leading the club to a pair of West Division titles. In 1994-95, he guided the OHL's Guelph Storm to a 47-14-5 mark and the Central Division championship, earning Canadian Hockey League Coach of the Year honors.
Hartsburg also was part of Team Canada coaching staffs that won three-straight gold medals at the World Junior Championships. As head coach, he led Team Canada to consecutive gold medals at the 2007 and 2008 tournaments. As an assistant coach to Brent Sutter, he helped the squad win gold at the 2006 tournament.
A defenseman, Hartsburg was the first pick, sixth overall, of the Minnesota North Stars in the 1979 NHL Draft. He went on to play 10 seasons with the club, registering 98-315-413 with 818 penalty minutes in 570 games from 1979-89. He helped the North Stars advance to the 1981 Stanley Cup Final and appeared in the 1980, 1982 and 1983 All-Star Games. His best season was 1981-82, when he set career highs for goals, assists and points, 17-60-77, in 76 games.
Hartsburg played junior hockey with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds from 1975-78 and made his professional debut with the World Hockey Association's Birmingham Bulls in 1978-89. He also represented Canada at the 1978 World Junior Championships and the 1981 and 1987 Canada Cup Tournaments, and was named the top defenseman at the 1987 World Championships.
Story from PRI's The World. Listen above to the full audio report.
Libya once had a large Jewish community. It fled persecution and discrimination starting in the 1940s. In the Israeli town of Bat Yam, one Israeli man's trying to preserve Libya's Jewish cultural relics, a mission that has turned out to be dangerous at times.
Pedazur Benattia – everyone calls him Pedi – has a trim white beard and eyes that light up when he reminisces about his parents' life in Libya. Or when he talks about his Or Shalom Center for Libyan Jewish Heritage. Or when he shows off the enormous collection of manuscripts and Torah scrolls he has collected from Libyan immigrants who brought them to Israel fifty-odd years ago.
Pedi has never been to Libya himself; Gaddafi never allowed Israelis in. So ten years ago, Pedi started asking others to go there for him, to see how Jewish properties were holding up.
That's how this jolly man started his very own freelance espionage ring — though he'd never call it by that name.
“I don't think I cooperated with spies…Kind of,” Pedi said.
It started off as an innocent quest. In 2000, Pedi contacted a Muslim man in Tripoli, through a Libyan web forum. He told the man he was the son of Libyan Jews, and really wanted to see the condition of the old synagogue there.
“So he went out of his house, took a picture with a digital camera, and sent it,” Pedi recalled.
Pedi wanted more. So he sent Belgian student Daniel Greenberg to Tripoli to take photos of Jewish properties. But then, Pedi said, “he was caught by the mukhabarat, the secret police. He was jailed for 9 days. They told him, ‘You are a Mossad messenger. You are taking pictures for the Israelis.'”
No, Greenberg wasn't an Israeli spy. But whether he liked it or not, if he wanted to document Jewish history in Libya, he had to do it secretly. Like a spy.
When they confiscated his film and kicked him out of the country, he still took out four rolls of film.
“That was the first time we got about 100 pictures of other places we haven't had before,” Pedi said.
Pedi was on a roll. Recruit number three was an Israeli journalist who flew to Libya on his German passport and shot video of Jewish properties. Recruit number four was a French man who went to look for the old Jewish cemeteries of Khoms, the seaside town where Pedi's parents grew up.
“From an Internet café, he sent me picture after picture of broken gravestones,” Pedi said. But the French messenger, too, was caught by the secret police and thrown out of the country.
It didn't stop Pedi from sending his fifth recruit. This one, however, paid a heavy price. In 2010, Rafram Chaddad, a Tunisian-Israeli photographer, agreed to go to Libya, on Pedi's dime and traveling on his own Tunisian passport.
“I went all over Libya,” said Chaddad from a Tel Aviv café. “I had a list of places. I had to make some investigations there, talking to old people: ‘Where is the graveyard? Where are the Jewish schools?'”
Chaddad ended up making international headlines: The secret police rounded him up.
He told them that Pedi had sent him; his interrogators knew all about Pedi. Chaddad said he was tortured for twenty days, with electric shocks, beaten with an iron pipe, and deprived of sleep.
They accused Chaddad of spying for Israel, and threw him in a dark cell, alone, for five months, until secret talks were held to secure his release.
And still, he wasn't the last person Pedi sent on a Libyan scouting mission. When Libyan rebels took over Tripoli, writer-photographer Tsur Shezaf went to report for Israeli TV, using his British second passport and without revealing his Israeli identity, to avoid any anti-Israel sentiment.
“As I walked and I start filming, two people came out and stopped me,” said Shezaf. “They asked, ‘Who are you, what are you doing here?'”
One of the men told Shezaf that he couldn't trust anyone, Libyans or foreigners. He asked him why he was interested in the Jewish graveyard – and whether he himself was a Jew.
“I hesitated for second or two, and I said, ‘Yes, I am a Jew,'” Shezaf recalled. It worked — Shezaf was told to go ahead.
The neglect of Jewish history in Muslim lands has been a source of concern in Israel for decades. Up until 1948, there were about a million Jews in Middle Eastern and North African countries. But with the rise of Arab nationalism and the war that led to Israel's founding in 1948, Jews left in the hundreds of thousands, mostly ending up in Israel.
Many of these migrants took along some of the world's most important Jewish antiques and manuscripts. Since then, many other artifacts were whisked away with the help of the Israeli intelligence services.
“Why would a secret organization be involved in such an activity? Because Mossad has a variety of responsibilities unprecedented in any intelligence service in world,” said Ronen Bergman, senior military and political analyst for the Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth. He is working on a book about the history of the Mossad.
“Mossad is also in charge of keeping safe the Jewish communities in the world, and also keeping their property safe.”
In some cases, it meant taking some properties of Jewish heritage, and smuggling them to Israel, Bergman said.
In the late 70s and early 80s, Israeli intelligence helped smuggle out important Torah scrolls from Egypt, one of them so precious that its identity remains classified.
In the 90s, Israeli agents helped Jewish immigrants smuggle important Hebrew manuscripts out of Syria. Details of that operation have also mostly been kept secret. Bergman says he knows of no new operations that have taken place recently.
Pedi insists he's not working in connection with Israeli intelligence, and he doesn't like thinking of his work as espionage.
“For God's sake, it's just gravestones. Places, streets. What's the problem? Why we can't get it normally?” Pedi said. “I am sending people there because now what was left, maybe tomorrow will not be. Every year fewer places exist. Ten, fifteen years from now, maybe nothing will be there.”
Jewish graveyards in Libya, Pedi says, acted as an historical record of that community. Under Gaddafi, many Jewish and Muslim graveyards were destroyed to make way for urban development.
Pedi says he's operating rescue missions, before that history is erased. That's why he asked Shezaf to bring back any shards of gravestones he found on the ground. It's probably against the law, but he did it.
“If it has no importance but to the Jews, and the place is going to be eliminated, why not take it?” Shezaf said. “The graveyard of Khoms is going to disappear in few years. It's a garbage dump. It's either, I take it, or it is buried in heaps of garbage and other things.”
This isn't the end of the story. Pedi's quest has just begun.
He sees a window of opportunity now, while the Libyan government is in transition, and the borders aren't under tight control. He's trying to plan his own way in, to finally see his parents' home country. Not through the eyes of his agents.
In Israel, Pedi's building a museum to house all the Libyan Jewish artifacts he's collected over the years.
----------------------------------------------------------
PRI's "The World" is a one-hour, weekday radio news magazine offering a mix of news, features, interviews, and music from around the globe. "The World" is a co-production of the BBC World Service, PRI and WGBH Boston. More about The World.
Democrat senators are urging the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to extend the public comment period on its proposal to scrap the net neutrality rules.
Fifteen Democrats led by Sen. Ed Markey Edward (Ed) John MarkeyOvernight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies Center-right group: Ocasio-Cortez's Green New Deal could cost trillion dozen climate protesters storm McConnell's office over Green New Deal MORE (Mass.) in a letter Thursday to Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai asked that he provide more time for comments, citing the unprecedented number of comments on the rules.
ADVERTISEMENT
“This volume of comments underscores the tremendous interest the public has in this proceeding,” the senators wrote. “Given the unprecedented number of comments, we urge the FCC to extend the reply comment period to allow sufficient time for the public to ensure their views are reflected in the record.”
To date, Pai's “Restoring Internet Freedom” proposal to roll back Obama-era net neutrality measures aimed at creating a level playing field for internet companies has received more than 16 million comments, more than any other FCC item in history. The previous record happened during the FCC's last net neutrality proceedings in 2014, in which the public filed about 4 million comments on the matter.
Democratic Sens. Brian Schatz (Hawaii), Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (Ore.) and Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (Minn.) were among those signing the letter to Pai.
The lawmakers also noted that the comment period for approving net neutrality in 2014 was 60 days. Pai has only allowed a 30-day comment period for his plan to roll back the rules.
“This proceeding has the potential to impact all Americans and as the expert agency, you should ensure that the Commission provides ample time to ensure all voices are heard,” the senators wrote.
Democratic lawmakers, consumer advocates and internet companies like Reddit and Facebook back the net neutrality rules, while GOP lawmakers and telecom giants like AT&T and Comcast want them scrapped.
Critics say net neutrality has reduced investment in broadband infrastructure and will lead to slower and more expensive internet access for consumers.
Supporters of the rules say scaling them back could give broadband providers too much power over internet content.
Story highlights Officer Daniel Pantaleo tells investigators he didn't use a chokehold
Lawyer: "He used a takedown technique he was taught" in the police academy
The New York Police Department prohibits the use of chokeholds
New York (CNN) Daniel Pantaleo, the police officer who a New York grand jury decided not to indict in the death of Eric Garner, spoke with internal affairs investigators about the case this week.
"He indicated he never used a chokehold," said Stuart London, Pantaleo's attorney. "He used a takedown technique he was taught in the academy. He said he never exerted any pressure on the windpipe and never intended to injure Mr. Garner."
London said Pantaleo had been trying to arrest "someone who was noncompliant." Speaking to investigators about the case on Monday, "he was confident and related the facts in an accurate and professional manner," London said.
Garner died in July after Pantaleo and other officers tried to arrest Garner, who they said was suspected of illegally selling cigarettes.
A cell phone video of the arrest shows Pantaleo wrapping his arm around Garner's neck. A medical examiner ruled the death a homicide. New York's police commissioner announced shortly afterward that officers would undergo a three-day retraining period on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect.
Read More
Advertisement Nimeha Milien says Donald McGee pulled gun on her, stole car during first date Woman says she won't be dating again anytime soon Share Copy Link Copy
Nimeha Milien celebrated her birthday Monday. While she's happy to reach this milestone, she said dating right now is out of the question. "I'm glad that I'm alive to be able to see my 21st birthday because I want to be able to make a difference in this world," Milien said. "If I had died on that night, I wouldn't have done anything."Milien is talking about her first date last week with Donald McGee. She said she had never met McGee, but started talking with him after he sent her text messages Friday evening.Within a few hours, she said, McGee convinced her to come and pick him up at the intersection of Sheridan Street and 68th Avenue in Hollywood.Milien said she then drove to Palm Beach County, where they spent time on the beach at Ocean Inlet Park."We sat there. We spoke. Nothing wrong happened," Milien said. "It was like normal, all conversation."Milien said the date ended at a Wendy's parking lot on Boynton Beach Boulevard, where she thought McGee's brother was coming to pick him up. But Milien said McGee pulled out a gun and told her to get out of the car."I grabbed my purse and then he fought me for my purse with a gun," Milien said. "He pointed it at my face."Milien said McGee drove away, and she ran across the street to a gas station where she asked a customer for help. She said the customer told her to get into his car so they could follow McGee. Milien hopped in the car and called 911.Officers caught up with McGee on Interstate 95 and chased him for about eight miles. Police said it ended on the Yamato Road on-ramp after McGee lost control of the vehicle and got stuck in the dirt and grass.McGee faces charges of armed carjacking, robbery with a firearm and possession of marijuana. Milien said she will not be dating anytime soon. "I don't even want to go anywhere anymore," Milien said. "It makes me really scared."View, Share Breaking News Photos On WPBF.com's u local:9146236
September 10, 2014 Stanford scientists map white matter connections within the human brain Roughly 100 trillion connections between neurons make it possible for the brain to function. Psychology Professor Brian Wandell's group has devised a technique for mapping these connections with greater accuracy than ever before. By Bjorn Carey Two different algorithms produce two very different estimates of the shape of the same white matter connection in Franco Pestillis brain. The LiFE software, developed in the Wandell Lab, aims to produce more concise estimates. (Photo courtesy Wandell Lab / Stanford) To see, think or feel, the 100 billion neurons in our brain must exchange messages. These are transmitted over some 100 trillion specialized connections, known collectively as the "connectome." Most connections are extremely short, carrying information a few hundred-thousandths of an inch between nearby neurons. But many important connections are much longer, winding as much as a foot from one end of the brain to the other. Scientists at Stanford University have developed a mathematical and computational technology that allows researchers to more accurately map the large, long connections within the white matter tissue of living human brains. The methodology is called LiFE, for linear fascicle evaluation. The work is detailed online in Nature Methods. To test the new method, lead author Franco Pestilli analyzed MRI scans of two such connections within his own brain. In one analysis, the two structures – the arcuate fasciculus, which is involved in reading and language, and the corticospinal tract, which plays a role in motor coordination – appeared short and fairly smooth. In the other, the ridged tendrils within the tracts spread far longer and wider. "Previously, scientists had no method for deciding which of the two representations of the human brain is correct," said Pestilli, a research associate in the laboratory of Brian Wandell, a professor of psychology at Stanford. "As a result, different research groups using the same data often came to different conclusions. The new technology provides a mathematical analysis and open-source software to decide which of the two estimates is better." Many candidate representations of the human connectome can be created using available fiber tracking technology. LiFE interprets these pathways and uses them to simulate synthetic MRI signals. Candidate connectomes can be evaluated to find the one that generates a synthetic signal that most closely matches the actual data. "I like to think about each candidate connectome as a prototype," Pestilli said. "We can learn much by building many prototypes and finding the one that best represents the measured MRI signal. Once we have this optimized prototype, we can more accurately study the function of the actual pathways." The National Institutes of Health has made mapping the human brain an important scientific objective because of its importance in predicting healthy development and critical brain function. For example, in a series of papers over the years, the Wandell lab has shown that the properties of the brain connections differ between good and poor readers, particularly in one specific pathway, the arcuate fasciculus. "We can much more reliably identify the arcuate fasciculus in a child who is struggling to read and understand whether or not that connection might be the source of the difficulty," Wandell said. Understanding the human connectome will allow clarifying the fundamental organizing principles of structure and function of the human brain. This will allow us to understand the mechanisms behind some of the most important diseases affecting individuals and society. For example, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia have all been regarded as brain diseases affecting the connectome. An overall effort of the Wandell lab involves sharing data and computational methods with the broader scientific community. This work, which was funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation, supports that effort by providing data and a complete implementation of the method through the Stanford Digital Repository and GitHub. "We hope other investigators use the code and improve it," Pestilli said. "Code and data sharing can be a very important contribution as we try to understand the human brain." -30-
Data from a major study of the financial health of U.S. water utilities.
The research supporting this graph was made possible through funding from the Water Research Foundation and U.S. EPA The graphs show how water utility revenues have changed from year to year in six U.S. states. The solid black line represents the median change in revenue. The blue swath shows the annual change for the middle 50 percent of systems. For the years in which data was available, revenue for most utilities grew each year, albeit at a slightly slower rate.Click image to enlarge.
Water utility experts are concerned about two converging trends: the rising cost of repairing, upgrading and replacing America's water infrastructure and a potential decline in water utility revenues, which coincides with a drop in consumption. (Most utility revenue comes from selling water.)
Higher costs – not only for repairs, but for energy, treatment chemicals, and labor, too – and less cash to pay for them would be a troublesome mix for any utility wishing to provide reliable service.
Yet the problem with this notion about free-falling revenues is a lack of information. Many claims are anecdotal or based on small samples.
An ongoing study of water utility finances is rectifying that. The Environmental Finance Center (EFC) at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and water consultancy Raftelis have put together a broad data set and found a few surprising conclusions about revenues.
“It's kind of difficult to find centralized data,” Shadi Eskaf, EFC senior project director, told Circle of Blue. “You would think every state would have this.”
Eskaf and his colleagues looked at six states that do. With funding from the Water Research Foundation and the Environmental Protection Agency, they gathered data submitted to state agencies from 2000 to 2012 from 2,838 water utilities in California, Georgia, North Carolina, Ohio, Texas, and Wisconsin. They chose these six because they have different regulatory systems, different governance models, and are located in different regions of the country.
The research team found that, while revenues generally are not decreasing, they are growing more slowly. As Eskaf concluded, in an EFC blog post:
“In all of the states, the median change to operating revenues was almost always zero or positive, regardless of year. This indicates that, from year-to-year in the past decade, operating revenues for at least half of the utilities increased, despite a downturn in the economy, severe droughts and changes to customer water use patterns…Based on these results, it is clear that water utilities experienced at least a slowdown of revenue increases in recent years, if not actually declining revenues. Costs continue to rise in the meantime, leaving utilities with fewer resources to put into infrastructure replacement and renewal than in previous years.”
Revenues, however, do fluctuate. In the study period, between 16 and 52 percent of systems saw a drop in operating revenue from one year to the next. The biggest declines came during the recession in 2008-2010.
The revenue data set is just one part of a larger EFC/Raftelis study for the Water Research Foundation on water utility finances. That study, Eskaf said, will include sections on water rates and rate structures, on how different rate structures help or hinder financial performance, and on risks to utility revenues.
Savoury and sweet biscuits made for German discount supermarket Aldi have been withdrawn because they were made in a “dirty” factory.
The snacks made by Baketime Ltd were pulled from the shelves as they may have been contaminated by pests.
The affected products are Aldi's Cheese Thins and Cheese Bakes, cheese, salt and vinegar and smoky bacon flavoured Oddbite packs and Ginger Nuts biscuits.
Also affected are Bestway's Mini All Butter Shortbread, Mini Brownies, Mini Cheese Thins and Mini Choc Chip Cookies and Happy Shopper's Cheese Thins, Fudge Brownies and Choc Chip Cookies.
LBV's Potato Bakes Korma, Potato Bakes Mild Thai and Strawberry and Vanilla Biscotti may also be contaminated.
Anyone who has bought the snacks are urged not to eat them but return them for a full refund.
The Food Standards Agency said: “Baketime Ltd is recalling various branded biscuit, snack and confectionery products on a precautionary basis as they have been manufactured in unhygienic conditions.
“These products are sold by Aldi, Asvina, Booker and LBV.
“All batches of the products listed below are being recalled as they may have been subject to pest contamination.
“Baketime Ltd is recalling the above products as a precautionary measure. They have provided all their customers with point-of-sale notices for display in stores.
“These notices will inform consumers why the products are being recalled and will tell them what to do if they have bought the product(s).
“No other products manufactured by Baketime Ltd are known to be affected.”
Aldi said: “If you have purchased any of these products, do not consume them.
“Customers who have bought these products with these batch codes are asked to return them immediately to their nearest store, where a full refund will be given.
“No other batch codes are affected.
“We apologise for any inconvenience and thank you for your co-operation.”
The affected products are Aldi Cheese Thins (10% Cheese) - L16026, L16027, L16055, L16056, L16057, L16073, L16074, L16075
Aldi Cheese Bakes - L16026, L16027, L16032, L16033, L16039, L16040, L16046, L16047, L16053, L16366, L16060, L16066, L16067, L16073
Aldi Oddbites Cheese - L16060
Aldi Oddbites Salt and Vinegar - L16061
Aldi Oddbites Smoky Bacon - L16061
Aldi Ginger Nuts - L16047, L16048, L16061, L16062, L16068, L16069
Bestway Mini All Butter Shortbread L16034
Bestway Mini Brownies L16035
Bestway Mini Cheese Thins L16032, L16033
Bestway Mini Choc Chip Cookies L16035
Happy Shopper Cheese Thins L16026, L16027, L16032, L16053, L16366, L16060, L16066
Happy Shopper Fudge Brownies L16041
Happy Shopper Choc Chip Cookies L16041​
LBV Potato Bakes Korma L16034
LBV Potato Bakes Mild Thai L16034
LBV Strawberry and Vanilla Biscotti L16027
Israeli forces have shot and injured at least 11 Palestinian protesters who staged a general strike in the occupied West Bank, East Jerusalem, and the besieged Gaza Strip in support of hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails.
Hundreds of protesters blocked roads in cities and towns of the West Bank on Monday. Stores and government offices closed down, public transportation ground to a halt and main thoroughfares in Palestinian cities were empty of people and cars.
The Palestinian Ma'an News Agency said Israeli forces shot and injured the 11 Palestinian protesters during clashes in the West Bank.
The Palestinian prisoners entered the 36th day of the mass hunger strike inside Israeli jails on Monday.
Ma'an estimates that more than 1,300 Palestinians are currently on strike behind bars in Israeli prisons, while Israeli outlets have placed the number in the high hundreds.
The Palestinian prisoners' affairs committee also called for a "day of rage" on Tuesday, when Donald Trump visits the West Bank, for "the voice of the prisoners to be heard by the president".
READ MORE: Palestinian basic rights 'not on the agenda' for Trump
The hunger strike has been led by Marwan Barghouti, a senior leader in the Fatah faction imprisoned for 15 years, who said all other attempts to redress their concerns have failed.
The hunger strikers' demands include longer and more regular family visits, landlines installed in prisons and better healthcare for the 6,500 Palestinians held in Israeli prisons.
With rights groups and analysts arguing that Palestinian hunger strikers are entering a crucial stage, anger is growing in the streets.
Farah Bayadsi, a lawyer at the West Bank-based prisoner advocacy group Addameer, said hunger strikers have been unable to directly meet with observers from the International Committee for the Red Cross (ICRC).
Despite their declining health situations, many prisoners have been moved back and forth between different jails, Bayadsi told Al Jazeera.
READ MORE: How Israel is targeting Palestinian institutions
Alaa Tartir, programme director at Al-Shabaka: The Palestinian Policy Network, says Israeli authorities had hoped to break the hunger strike before the US president's visit.
"One of Israel's priorities now, as Trump's visit looms, is to end this hunger strike and squash solidarity with the hunger strikers in the streets of the occupied West Bank," he told Al Jazeera ahead of Trump's arrival. "To achieve these goals, using violent measures and repressing techniques is the panacea for Israel."
Tartir added: "As hunger strike intensifies, Israel is becoming more concerned and nervous."
The Israeli Prison Service did not respond to Al Jazeera's requests for comment.
Trump's visit
The protests coincided with Trump's visit to Israel and occupied Palestinian territories.
The strike has closed down Jerusalem's Old City, where Trump will visit Christian and Jewish holy sites later on Monday.
Trump opened his first visit to Israel on Monday, a two-day stop aimed at testing the waters for jumpstarting the dormant peace process.
The last round of peace talks, led by then-President Barack Obama and his secretary of state, John Kerry, fell apart in 2014.
One point of contention is the fate of east Jerusalem, which Israel captured in 1967.
During his presidential campaign, Trump advocated breaking with decades of precedent and moving the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, deeply alarming Palestinians.
He has since said the move was still being looked at.
Diana Buttu, a Palestinian lawyer and former adviser to the Palestine Liberation Organisation, says Trump's comments about striving for a negotiated solution between Israel and the Palestinians are not promising.
"The time is now for the world to end Israel military rule," she told Al Jazeera. "It's not going to come through negations; it's only going to come through exerted efforts to hold the Israelis accountable by boycotting through sanctions and bringing them before the international criminal courts."
OPINION: Palestinians expect nothing good from Trump
"That Palestinians have to negotiate their freedom and prove ourselves worthy of freedom is repugnant," Buttu added, arguing that Trump should use the US' multibillion-dollar financial support to Israel as weight to pressure it from ending its occupation of Palestinian territory.
"I have very little faith that he will be able to do anything with the Israelis to change their policy," she concluded. "I don't anticipate anything positive is going to come out."
Deadly Bird Flu In China Evolves, Spreads To New Regions
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
This past year China had the largest outbreak of a deadly bird flu since the virus was first detected in March 2013.
For the past five years, China has had annual waves of H7N9 outbreaks that peak around January and February.
During the 2017 season, the country reported nearly the same number of cases as all four previous years combined, researchers at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report Thursday. The virus cropped up in more geographic regions. And it showed signs of evolving in ways that cause concern.
As NPR reported in April, the virus has picked up mutations that make it more deadly in poultry and less susceptible to antiviral treatments. "Our research shows it can kill all the chickens in our lab within 24 hours," virologist Guan Yi told NPR.
H7N9 isn't your run-of-the-mill bird flu. H7N9 is "the influenza virus with the highest potential pandemic risk," the CDC writes in the journal Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.
In people, H7N9 can cause a severe form of pneumonia and progress into septic shock and multiorgan failure. "We know of only a small number of people who presented with influenza-like symptoms and then recovered without medical attention," the World Health Organization says.
During the 2017 outbreak, the Chinese government reported 759 cases of H7N9. There were 281 deaths — about a third of those infected. By comparison in 2016 and 2015, the country reported 123 and 226 cases, respectively.
Although H7N9 has potential to evolve in a global threat, right now it has one severe limitation that restricts its potential to spread: The virus doesn't transmit easily between people. About 90 percent of people catch the virus by handling poultry.
But person-to-person transmission is possible. During 2017, there were 14 clusters of cases in which a person passed the disease to at least one other person.
Since March 2013, there have been 1,557 cases of H7N9 reported worldwide. All infections were caught in China, Hong Kong or Macao. Nearly 40 percent of those infections were deadly.
My illustration of a young warrior from the ibaloy tribe in the province of Benguet, Philippines.A warrior who has stood amidst violence to fight for his tribe  to be their protector, to be their survivor, and to be their hero against evildoers and subjugators.Weapons: Sumpit (blowgun) and Itak/machete (sword)Done in photoshop.U P D A T E:Featured in Ballistic Publishing EXPOSÉ 10, the finest digital artwork in the known universe for their 10th year Anniversary book. www.ballisticpublishing.comFeatured in ImagineFX Magazine , May 2012 issue www.imaginefx.comReceived Excellence Award in www.3dtotal.com and featured in their 2dartist magazine issue #71Received Excellence Award in www.cgarena.comYou can view my "The Making of Ibaloy Warrior" here in 3dtotal.com [link] Inspiration:Reference: [link] Credit to my friend Yon Layosa [link] for allowing me to use his photograph.
Congressional sites crash after Obama's speech
What'll crash your servers faster than a Drudge link? Possibly President Barack Obama.
Monday night Obama took to the bully pulpit and asked Americans to contact their members of Congress and urge them to reach a compromise on the debt ceiling. Since the prime-time, televised speech aired, websites for Hill leaders have been down and other Congressional sites have been on the fritz, including the House Democrats' Budget Committee site. The New York delegation's sites have been down, also.
"The American people may have voted for divided government, but they didn't vote for a dysfunctional government," Obama said during his address. "So I'm asking you all to make your voice heard. If you want a balanced approach to reducing the deficit, let your Member of Congress know. If you believe we can solve this problem through compromise, send that message."
The site, Down For Me or Everyone, confirms it's not just Politico having problems, as the Huffington Post first reported.
The official cause of the outage has not been confirmed, yet.
An off-duty Oak Park police officer was shot early Sunday on Chicago's South Side, according to authorities.
A family member said the 58-year-old officer was leaving for work when he was approached by two males armed with a gun in the alleyway behind his home in the 300 block of West 103rd Place.
The shooting happened at 5:13 a.m., said Officer Stacey Cooper, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Police Department.
There was an exchange of gunfire -- five or six shots -- and the officer was hit in his arm and leg, said the officer's grandson, 19-year-old Semaj Patterson.
"I knew it was him. I knew it was my grandfather because he leaves for work every morning at 5 in the morning," Patterson said.
Patterson said he ran down to the alleyway while his grandmother called police. He said his grandfather was alert and talking.
"He said he was all right. I just held him up because I saw he was shot in the leg," Patterson said. "(He's) always been a tough guy."
Police said two offenders came up on the officer in his garage, which is in the alley. At least one of them was armed and they tried to pat down the officer.
During the pat down, they discovered that the officer may be carrying a gun. As a result, the officer and at least one of the offenders exchanged gunfire.
Chicago police believe this may have been a robbery or carjacking attempt.
The gunmen fled the scene, and the officer was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, Patterson said. A short time later, police said two people were taken into custody in the 9900 block of South Princeton Avenue.
One person was taken away in an ambulance, and the other was taken away in handcuffs in an unmarked police car. The offender who was shot is a 17-year-old boy, and was treated and released from the hospital and is in police custody.
The victim is related to a Chicago police officer, according to family.
The wounded officer, a 25-year veteran of the force, is in stable condition, according to a statement released by Oak Park police.
"Our immediate concern is for the well-being of our officer and his recovery from the injuries sustained while he protected himself," said Oak Park Police Chief Rick Tanksley in the statement. "We have chosen not to release additional information about the officer or the crime, since he is a victim in an ongoing Chicago Police Department investigation."
Tribune reporter Jeremy Gorner and the Pioneer Press staff contributed.
Some 190 workers, most of them immigrants from Somalia, have been fired by a meat packing plant in Fort Morgan, Colorado, after walking off the job in a protest over a ban on Muslim prayers.
The layoffs at Cargill Meat Solutions in Fort Morgan came 10 days after the protest and signify a failure of negotiations conducted on behalf of the workers by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).
Some of the fired workers have been working for the plant for up to 10 years, CAIR spokesman and executive director Jaylani Hussein told the Denver Post.
At the heart of the conflict is the plant's decision to no longer allow Muslims perform their daily prayers, CAIR said. Previously Cargill had not only allowed the practice but also provided a room for the purpose. The time for the ritual was carved out of a 15-minute break period or from an unpaid lunch break.
Read more
"They feel missing their prayer is worse than losing their job," Hussein said, explaining that even if the fired workers are allowed to get back their job, they would still want to pray at work. "It's like losing a blessing from God."
Cargill denied changing its policy on prayers in the workplace and said such accommodations are not guaranteed.
“In the Fort Morgan plant, a reflection area for use by all employees to pray was established in April 2009, and is available during work shifts based on our ability to adequately staff a given work area,” the company said the statement.
“While reasonable efforts are made to accommodate employees, accommodation is not guaranteed every day and is dependent on a number of factors that can, and do, change from day to day. This has been clearly communicated to all employees. Cargill makes every reasonable attempt to provide religious accommodation to all employees based on our ability to do so without disruption to our beef processing business at Fort Morgan,” the statement said.
Cargill said it fired the workers only after multiple attempts to discuss the situation with local Somali employees.
The company based in Kansas, Cargill, has 155,000 employees in 68 countries, according to a company fact sheet. The Fort Morgan plan employs about 2,000 people with workers earning $14-per-hour and up.
E-Frag release CS:GO team
Image source
Prominent tournament organiser, E-Frag, have announced the release of their CS:GO team.
E-Frag.net have announced that the organisation will be parting ways with its CS:GO roster effective immediately. The separation is on mutual terms, with the organisation expressing that the journey with the roster has been a positive one, however it has seemingly created a barrier preventing the organisation from focusing on achieving "long term goal of producing high quality events and broadcasts as well as developing grassroots CS:GO".
Marko Milosevic, Co-Founder and Chief Operations Officer of E-Frag.net, had the following to say upon release of the team:
“
”
We are sad to announce that we have let our Counter-Strike: Global Offensive team go. We feel that having an eSports club goes against the competitive integrity of our tournaments and events. It's also a barrier to achieving our long term goal of producing high quality events and broadcasts as well as developing grassroots CS:GO. We saw an opportunity with the team earlier last year and took it, it was an excellent learning curve for us and it helped us learn what teams experience and most importantly what they need during events and tournaments. We aren't interested in pursuing our esports club project.We are very proud of the team whilst they were under our organisation with how well they had performed. We hope that we provided them with the best environment for their professional development and were a stepping stone for their futuresuccess. We would also like to thank the team for their time under our organisation and also to wish them luck wherever their new home may be.
The following individuals are now free agents:
Nikolay "nkl" Krustev
Viktor "v1c7oR" Dyankov
Simeon "dream3r" Ganev
Emiliyan "spyleadeR" Dimitrov
Kamen "Bubble" Kostadinov
Organisations interested in signing the roster can contact Team Captain, Nikolay “nkl” Krustev at [email protected]
Frontpage image source
Hundreds of young illegal immigrants crowded a Roman Catholic Church basement on Manhattan's Lower East Side Wednesday to apply for President Barack Obama's deferred action program, which will shield them from deportation and provide a two-year work permit. Today is the first day applications are being accepted.
Some showed up at 6 a.m. to make sure they got a spot at the pro-bono legal clinic organized by a coalition of immigrant rights groups. It opened at noon, and by 12:45 at least a hundred people waited their turn outside, even when it began to pour down rain.
Cheerful volunteers sat down with applicants one-on-one to ask how old they were when they entered the country, if they've graduated from high school and whether they've had any run-ins with the law. Those who entered at 15 years old or younger, graduated from or are enrolled in high school and have never committed any serious crimes were given the OK to fill out the forms and pay the $465 application fee to the government.
"Once the door is open, it's not going to close," said New York City Councilman Robert Jackson at a celebratory press conference in the church. "This is what America's about," added Council Speaker Christine Quinn. Local politicians praised Obama for enacting the plan. Some national Republicans, including Mitt Romney, have criticized the move as an overreach that circumvents Congress and have accused Obama of enacting the program to cater to Latino voters in an election year.
As many as 1.7 million young people between the ages of 5 and 30 may qualify for the program, 110,000 of them in New York state. Though about 85 percent of those eligible are Hispanic, according to the Pew Hispanic Center, the applicants at St. Mary's Church hailed from all over the world. On one table, a passport from the United Kingdom and one from Pakistan lay side by side.
The owner of the U.K. passport, a 20-year-old woman who asked Yahoo News not to use her name since she hasn't received deferred status, said she came to America with her mother and sister when she was 9. She graduated from high school, but hasn't been able to go to college because she can't afford it without financial aid, for which she is ineligible. Her former high school guidance counselor let her know about the deferred action program and encouraged her to apply; she hopes to major in business administration.
"I think [the program] makes sense because so many young children, they come and it's not our decision to come, and I feel that now we're here and we stayed here so long, we shouldn't have to struggle for a decision our parents made," she said. "We should be allowed to have the same rights as other children. We all went to school together, so it's not fair that they get to go on and pursue things and we just get left behind."
Arma, a 22-year-old woman from Brooklyn who arrived in America from Pakistan when she was 14, says the deferred status may help her achieve her dream of becoming a commercial pilot. "It really feels good that I can [continue] my college and ... work properly," she said. Arma says now that she will be able to work, she can afford to take more classes at Vaughn College in Flushing, where she's a part-time sophomore. She hopes to now attend classes full-time.
Twenty-eight year old James from St. Vincent, a small Caribbean island, clutched an umbrella outside the church. James said he hasn't been able to work since he overstayed his visa when he was 11. He's taking a test to become a certified substance abuse counselor and is excited about being able to apply for jobs if he passes. "It's been a horrible experience. You have to live in fear," said James' 21-year-old sister, who came along to support her brother (she declined to give her name). She recently became a legal permanent resident through her aunt, who is a citizen and sponsored her. "I don't have to worry about my brother anymore," she said.
Sea levels will continue to rise for 500 years
Posted on 19 October 2011 by John Hartz
This is a reprint of a news release posted by the University of Copenhagen
on Oct 17, 2011.
Sea levels will continue to rise for 500 years
Rising sea levels in the coming centuries is perhaps one of the most catastrophic consequences of rising temperatures. Massive economic costs, social consequences and forced migrations could result from global warming. But how frightening of times are we facing? Researchers from the Niels Bohr Institute are part of a team that has calculated the long-term outlook for rising sea levels in relation to the emission of greenhouse gases and pollution of the atmosphere using climate models. The results have been published in the scientific journal Global and Planetary Change.
Estimates of Sea Levels to the Year 2500. The graph shows how sea levels will change for four different pathways for human development and greenhouse gas pollution. The green, yellow and orange lines correspond to scenarios where it takes 10, 30, or 70 years before emissions are stabilized. The red line can be considered to represent business as usual where greenhouse gas emissions are increasing over time.
"Based on the current situation we have projected changes in sea level 500 years into the future. We are not looking at what is happening with the climate, but are focusing exclusively on sea levels", explains Aslak Grinsted, a researcher at the Centre for Ice and Climate, the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.
Model based on actual measurements
He has developed a model in collaboration with researchers from England and China that is based on what happens with the emission of greenhouse gases and aerosols and the pollution of the atmosphere. Their model has been adjusted backwards to the actual measurements and was then used to predict the outlook for rising sea levels.
The research group has made calculations for four scenarios:
A pessimistic one, where the emissions continue to increase. This will mean that sea levels will rise 1.1 meters by the year 2100 and will have risen 5.5 meters by the year 2500.
Even in the most optimistic scenario, which requires extremely dramatic climate change goals, major technological advances and strong international cooperation to stop emitting greenhouse gases and polluting the atmosphere, the sea would continue to rise. By the year 2100 it will have risen by 60 cm and by the year 2500 the rise in sea level will be 1.8 meters.
For the two more realistic scenarios, calculated based on the emissions and pollution stabilizing, the results show that there will be a sea level rise of about 75 cm and that by the year 2500 the sea will have risen by 2 meters.
Rising sea levels for centuries
"In the 20th century sea has risen by an average of 2mm per year, but it is accelerating and over the last decades the rise in sea level has gone approximately 70% faster. Even if we stabilize the concentrations in the atmosphere and stop emitting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, we can see that the rise in sea level will continue to accelerate for several centuries because of the sea and ice caps long reaction time. So it would be 2-400 years before we returned to the 20th century level of a 2 mm rise per year", says Aslak Grinsted.
He points out that even though long-term calculations are subject to uncertainties, the sea will continue to rise in the coming centuries and it will most likely rise by 75 cm by the year 2100 and by the year 2500 the sea will have risen by 2 meters.
“Sea level projections to AD2500 with a new generation of climate change scenarios,” S. Jevrejeva, J.C. Moore, and A. Grinsted, Journal of Global and Planetary Change, Sep. 21, 2011. Click here to access the Abstract and a summary of the paper.
We only found out that apparently it's #NationalUnderwearDay just a couple of hours ago – woops, brilliant lingerie bloggers we are! We're sure there'll be plenty of things out there today about favourite pieces of underwear, where to buy, promotions, sales and discounts, and the majority of the focus seems to be on body image too, but we thought we'd add our voice from a slightly different angle: where to donate your old bras and underwear.
It's a sad fact that not everyone around the world has easy access to underwear – there are many girls and women throughout the world who may want or need a bra, but not have the capabilities to be able to get one, whether it's through lack of availability, funds or something else. Can you imagine not having access to underwear when you need it? Or only have one pair of knickers that you can wear day in, day out?
Fortunately there are plenty of initiatives out there to help people get underwear to wear it's wanted or needed. Being lingerie bloggers, you can imagine we often have an excess of underwear, so it's great for us to know that there are places we can send it or drop it off and know that it will be well used rather than thrown into a landfill. For example, last year my Brownie pack collected bras from their mothers, friends and relatives, along with several other local guiding units, to be sent off. (Yes, there were a few giggles and nervous looks when the word “bra” was mentioned, can you imagine if they knew about this blog?!).
At the moment, this will probably be a fairly limited post as we don't know of every initiative out there, but it would be AMAZING if you could share with us any that you know of so we can add them to the blog post too. Obviously our suggestions will be mostly UK based as that's what we know, but we have readers from all around the world who I'm sure will be just as interested in donating their bras and other underwear to worthy causes, so please submit any useful initiatives worldwide so we can add them to the list.
UK BASED
BreastTalk.co.uk Bra Appeal
This initiative is UK based and also raises money for Breast Cancer research while donating bras: for every 1 kilo of bras collected, BCR Textiles will donate £1. Bras can be donated in any style or size, used ones are fine, but the straps and clasps must be working and they must be washed before sending. Bras should be sent to this address:
BreastTalk.co.uk – Bra Appeal
PO Box 71
Craven Arms
Shropshire
SY7 0WZ
You can find more info on BreastTalk.co.uk Bra Appeal here.
Smalls For All
Smalls For All was started after Maria Macnamara volunteered at orphanages where girls and women often didn't have access to underwear, or if they did, it might only be a single pair. For poor communities, this can cause health and hygiene issues, and underwear is also seen as a status symbol that allows a decree of security for girls and women. They are a UK based initiative to which you can buy and send packs of girls' underwear (ages 3 to 15) and women's (sizes 8-16), as well as new or gently used bras. Donations can be sent to this address:
Smalls For All
108 Buchanan Crescent,
Eliburn, Livingston, EH54 7EF
You can find more info on Smalls For All here.
Bravissimo
For those in the UK who live near a Bravissimo store, they support Mind charity by placing bra recycling bins in all their stores. For every kilo of bras collected, they will donate £1 to Mind. Bras can be donated in any condition. Those in usable condition will go to developing countries around the world; those that are not usable will be broken down so the parts can be reused.
You can see Bravissimo's list of stores here where you will find bra recycling bins.
Against Breast Cancer
Against Breast Cancer have also teamed up with BCR Textiles who help small businesses across Africa to collect bras. They will receive £1 per kilo of bras for Cancer Research. They encourage people to set up bra banks (maybe at your place of work) or to donate to local ones (you can find your nearest one at the bottom of this page). Bras in any condition are accepted, and those that are no longer usable will be dismantled, reused and disposed of properly. They can be sent to this address:
Recycling Scheme
Against Breast Cancer
Leathem House
13 Napier Court
Barton Lane
Abingdon, OXON
OX14 3YT
You can find more info on Against Breast Cancer here.
US BASED
Free The Girls
This is a US based initiative which aims to rescue women from human trafficking around the world by providing them with goods to sell while they recover from their trauma. All sizes and styles of bra are accepted, both new and gently used. They have currently collected over 500,000 bras (wow!). Bras can be dropped off at any of the locations listed on this page (and that covers a good majority of the States, so hopefully there's one somewhere nearby), or they can be sent to this address:
Free The Girls
1552 Pioneer Trail
Chesterton, IN 46304
You can find more info on Free The Girls here.
The Bra Recyclers
The Bra Recyclers operate in support of protecting women from domestic violence and human trafficking as well as aiming to reduce the amount of textiles heading to landfills. Lightly used bras must be washed before being donated. They can be dropped off at a number of locations throughout the US, Puerto Rico and Canada (find your nearest point here) or can be sent to the following address:
The Bra Recyclers
3317 S. HIgley Rd, Ste 114-441
Gilbert, AZ 85297
You can find more info on The Bra Recyclers here.
Soma
Similar to Bravissimo in the UK, Soma will collect bras in store from customers who no longer want them in support of domestic violence as women will arrive at shelters with only the bra they are wearing. They also allow you to send bras if you don't live near a Soma boutique to the following address:
Soma Bra Donation Bra Recyclers
3317 S. Higley Rd., Suite 114-441
Gilbert, AZ 85297
You can find more info on Soma collections and their stores here.
WORLDWIDE
Uplift Project
The Uplift Project collects bras from Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore and South Africa. They donate to areas where women have little access to bras, particularly in the sizes they need. They also focus on mastectomy bras and breast forms too.
You can find more info on the Uplift Project and a full list of drop off points and delivery addresses here.
Charity Shops
If you have a local charity shop you'd like to support, check whether they are able to accept bras or underwear (as some aren't able to, and donating them may make more hassle for them). I know that u/xuenylom on A Bra That Fits has been stocking bras in the charity shop she works for in a huge range of sizes, so if you're able to help her out, she would appreciate it! Or alternatively, if you volunteer at a charity shop, maybe suggest this is something you can start.
r/RandomActsofBras
The Reddit group Random Acts of Bras is a great way to get rid of your old bras that no longer fit or you don't want any more. Tied to r/ABraThatFits, users on there are normally people who can't afford bras in their newly found size or would like to try out some bras in their size before committing to buying.
You can find r/RandomActsofBras here.
Updated at 1:21 p.m.
By Brian Arola
The Portland and Park Avenue bridges will be closed for construction throughout the summer, leaving both drivers and bicyclists without one of the main arteries into and out of downtown.
The bridges, which cross Interstates I-35W and I-94, will close May 6 and reopen in early August. The $5.7 million construction is meant to make the road surfaces smoother and extend bridge life, according to the Minnesota Department of Transportation, which is overseeing the construction.
The Portland bridge averages more than 13,900 drivers per day, while the Park bridge sees more than 11,000 per day, according to city of Minneapolis traffic data. Both are high numbers in comparison to nearby roads.
Drivers should expect slower commute times along the popular routes, especially in the first days of construction, said Minneapolis Traffic Operations Engineer Steve Mosing.
“It will just be a matter of people figuring out their routes to get to and from downtown,” he said.
Detour routes (see graphic above) include taking Chicago Avenue from northbound Park Avenue and 3rd Avenue from southbound Portland Avenue.
Mosing said detours will also guide people to interstates, which will likely be the fastest alternate routes to and from downtown.
The bridges are also a popular route for bicyclists, as both avenues opened exclusive bike lanes in November 2012.
Soren Jensen, the executive director of the Midtown Greenway Coalition, said the bridges were among the best routes into and out of downtown for bicyclists.
Bicyclists will be detoured to Chicago Avenue, which lacks bike lanes will get new striped bike lanes. Jensen said commuters should practice patience, as construction is a part of life in Minnesota.
“Detours are a pain, but they just sort of come with the territory,” he said.
Fifty Years of Popular Songs Condensed Into Single Sentences
The Beatles, “I Want to Hold Your Hand”
I want to do it with you.
- - -
Marvin Gaye, “Let's Get It On”
I want to do it with you.
- - -
Led Zeppelin, “Whole Lotta Love”
I want to do it with you.
- - -
James Blunt, “You're Beautiful”
I want to do it with you.
- - -
Sir Mix-a-Lot, “Baby Got Back”
I want to do it.
- - -
Elvis Presley, “Hound Dog”
You're doing it with everyone.
- - -
R. Kelly, “I Believe I Can Fly”
I believe I want to do it with you.
- - -
Patsy Cline, “Crazy”
I want to do it with you so much I'm going fucking nuts.
- - -
Frank Sinatra, “Strangers in the Night”
I'm drunk and I want to do it with you.
- - -
The White Stripes, “My Doorbell”
Using metaphor, I want to do it with you.
- - -
Little Richard, “Good Golly Miss Molly”
I'm doing it with Miss Molly, and she's totally into it.
- - -
Duran Duran, “Rio”
I'd love to do that chick dancing on the sand.
- - -
The Beatles, “Why Don't We Do It in the Road?”
I'd like to do it with you right now.
- - -
Carly Simon, “You're So Vain”
We used to do it, but then you did it with someone else, and now I'm not going to do it with you, although I wish we were still doing it.
- - -
Pulp, “Common People”
I once met a stuck-up European who wanted to do it with me.
- - -
Radiohead, “Creep”
I'm filled with self-loathing, and, though outwardly I hate everything you represent, I want to do it with you.
- - -
Kate Bush, “Wuthering Heights”
I'm an 18th-century fictional character and I want to do it with another 18th-century fictional character.
- - -
Bob Dylan, “Blowin' in the Wind”
The Man is currently doing it to you.
- - -
Elvis Presley, “Jailhouse Rock”
Incarcerated men will on occasion do it with each other.
- - -
Meat Loaf, “I Would Do Anything for Love
(But I Won't Do That)”
Hey! You won't believe what this one chick said while I was doing it with her!
- - -
Kings of Leon, “Sex on Fire”
I did it with you, and now it hurts when I pee.
- - -
Céline Dion, “My Heart Will Go On”
Even your death has not stopped me wanting to do it with you.
- - -
AC/DC, “You Shook Me All Night Long”
We did it yesterday.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
“We focus on the proceedings. We focus on the death penalty. We focus on the perpetrator. But we don't focus on the people affected.”
That was how Sandy Phillips, whose daughter Jessica Ghawi was among the 12 people murdered in a movie theater in July 2012, described the American public's perception as the trial of mass shooter James Holmes got underway on Monday in Aurora, Colorado. It's a fair point given the inordinate attention that such killers crave, and tend to get, from the media. Yet as Phillips also noted, “that ripple effect of how many people are affected by one act by one person, one animal, is incredibly large.”
She's right—not just in terms of the trauma and suffering borne by the victims (an additional 58 wounded and 12 others injured in the chaos), their families, and their communities, but also in terms of the literal cost. The price tag for what was one of the worst mass murders in US history is in fact stunningly high: well over $100 million, according to our groundbreaking investigation into the costs of gun violence published earlier this month.
For a quick explanation of the data behind the large sums our country pays for this problem, watch the following 90-second video, with more details on the Aurora tally continuing just below:
The economic impact of Aurora: For starters, long before the attorneys gave opening statements this week, legal proceedings for Holmes had already topped $5.5 million back in February, including expenses related to the unusually large pool of 9,000 prospective jurors called for the case. Add to that the total costs for each of the 12 victims killed: At an average of about $6 million each, that's another $72 million. For the 58 who survived gunshots and were hospitalized, with an average total cost for each working out to about $583,000, add another $33 million. (Costs for some of the gunshot survivors may have varied widely, of course.) And these figures don't even begin to account for what the city of Aurora, the state of Colorado, and the federal government have since spent on security and prevention related to the attack.
Indeed, a mass shooting like the one in Aurora doesn't just have an outsize psychological impact but also a financial one. And these days, fiscal conservatives may want to note, we're paying that price more often.
The annual MLS crash out of the Champions League. Ah, drink it in folks. Its like a flat soda on a hot summer day. Yuck.
FC Dallas crashed and burned last night in the Champions League semifinal second leg in a 3-1 loss to Pachuca. In all reality, it was about as disappointing as you can possibly get out of this bunch. Between the failed chances, the poor giveaways, lackadaisical passing in the midfield and everything else in between, it was a loss we'll want to quickly forget.
But let's break down a few points from the game and move on with this heartbreak to Minnesota this weekend.
Colman scores but continues to struggle
Man that breakaway early in the first half was a golden opportunity. Cristian Colman was free in on goal but once again he failed to find the back of the net and instead put in a shot that was easy to block for the Pachuca keeper.
That folks were a game changer in my book. Had he scored, FCD would have had the early road goal and a 3-1 advantage in the series. Instead, it was a missed opportunity that will go down as one of the biggest ‘what if' moments of the early season.
This kind of trend is a bit worrisome but I will point out that he continues to help put Maxi Urruti in better spots as the game goes on. Colman looked more active last night than in previous games in MLS too. His pace and movement is good too, something that seems to go a bit unnoticeable.
Chris Seitz's wild night
We've discussed a lot of rumors and talk recently on here about how FC Dallas continues to look for a third keeper. Last night definitely showed us why the club continues to go on that hunt.
Chris Seitz was great in the first 25 minutes or so. Making stop after stop when he was called upon. But boy, his positioning in the first goal and even on both of the Chucky Lozano goals was suspect at best proving he may very well not be the big timekeeper that this club needs for moments like this.
I love me some Seitz, don't get me wrong. But he looked out of his element at times in this one. Either being indecisive off his line or just struggling to keep his back four in check (looking at you both Hernan Grana and Maynor Figueroa).
Pareja didn't step on his own toes
I don't know how many times in the past that we've seen Oscar Pareja trot out a lineup in a big game that makes us scratch our heads a bit. I know we tend to just fall in line with the “Trust in Papi” bit in those moments but history has shown that Pareja has struggled in past big games (Portland at home two years ago, at Seattle last year, etc).
I didn't feel like this was one of them. He didn't make me question his lineup choice at all. He also didn't really make me question his choices off the bench. For the most part he was letting his main guys play until he needed to bring in Javier Morales and Tesho Akindele.
Would I have liked to have seen those two a bit sooner? Sure. But the game or series wasn't completely away from them in either moment.
While the result still proves he has some work to do in big games, I think the progression for him in this area was a big deal.
MLS Cup or bust time
Now that this tournament is out of the way for FCD, the main focus will turn to winning it all at the end of this season. This group has shown that when they are determined they can get it done. I think the sting of this game will certainly linger for a little while but there may not be a better battle tested team in MLS right now than FC Dallas.
For now we know that the team has four games on the slate for the month of April with three of them at home. My gut tells me that anything less than 10 points would be a sign that a hangover is in full effect after this loss.
What did you take away from last night's loss?
By Mark Brown, Wired UK
Humans who live further from the equator have rapidly evolved bigger eyes and larger brains to better process the low light levels at those lofty latitudes.
[partner id="wireduk" align="right"]Anthropologists at Oxford University collected 55 skulls, dating from the 1800s, that represented 12 different populations from around the globe. The researchers measured the eye socket and brain volumes and plotted them against the latitude of each individual's country of origin.
The team, lead by the Institute of Cognitive and Evolutionary Anthropology's Eiluned Pearce, found a significant positive correlation between the size of brain and the latitude of the country. People from the northern-European countries of Scandinavia had the biggest brains, while Micronesians, from just north of the equator, had the smallest. The larger brains don't necessarily relate to intelligence – bigger vision areas in the brain are required to help cope with the low light conditions caused by cloudy skies and long winters in northern territories. The study also notes that actual visual sharpness, measured under natural daylight conditions, is constant all around the globe, which further suggests that the visual processing system has adapted to ambient light conditions as humans colonized the Earth.
Co-author Professor Robin Dunbar, Director of the Institute of Cognitive and Evolutionary, said in a press release: "Humans have only lived at high latitudes in Europe and Asia for a few tens of thousands of years, yet they seem to have adapted their visual systems surprisingly rapidly to the cloudy skies, dull weather and long winters we experience at these latitudes."
In other animals, observations have shown the links between eye size and light levels. Birds with relatively bigger eyes are the first to sing at dawn in low light, and primates with the largest eyes are those who eat and forage at night.
Image: piglicker/Flickr
Source: Wired.co.uk
See Also:
If you've been holding your breath for Oasis to make a return since breaking up almost a decade ago, you can exhale. No, the Gallagher brothers haven't patched things up and announced they're back together, but there's another band ready to continue the Britpop legacy that Oasis helped build. The intriguing thing is these guys hail from Australia.
DMA's came on the scene last year with a self-titled EP that had critics comparing them to Oasis right out of the gate. The band admits they found heavy influence from them, not just in their music but even in their stage attire — bucket hats and tracksuits are heavily featured.
I caught these guys on Bonnaroo's first day last year and was wildly impressed by their chops given the limited amount of material to their name at the time. Lead vocalist Tommy O'Dell has very nearly the same vocal stylings of Liam Gallagher, it's eerie. With their full-length debut Hills End due out Feb. 26 on Mom + Pop Records, they're slated for Coachella on consecutive Saturdays, April 16 and 23.
I've been listening to their album on repeat since receiving an advance copy, it's pretty impressive. Though holdovers from their EP like “Delete” and “Lay Down” are signature tracks, new material like the opening track “Timeless” and “Step Up the Morphine” have become favorites. They've brought the '90s Britpop sound back in a big way and it's perfectly fitting for a festival setting.
“I think it's really important to play well at every show but particularly big festivals, because you can gain heaps more fans,” O'Dell said. “Festivals are always heaps fun to play, so that usually brings on good performances.”
The songwriting is pretty simple but they write hooks as good as any rock band climbing the ladder these days. Many of the melodies manage to remain stuck in your head after just one listen. That they're able to translate the energy from their recordings to their live show is a good sign of things to come. I'd put them in the same category of the UK's Catfish and the Bottlemen in terms of being able to do that.
This Sydney trio will surely have an early-day slot at Coachella and are not to be missed if you're nostalgic for the days of Oasis, Blur and the Britpop invasion of the '90s. DMA's has taken the ball and ran with it — perhaps it's making a comeback the same way '90s dance music has.
“We'll watch heaps of bands as fans, we'll have a sick time,” O'Dell said of their upcoming Coachella performance. “I don't know what to expect — something like a mix of Splendour in the Grass and Bonnaroo?”
Words: Mark E. Ortega
RELATED CONTENT:
A Pennsylvania school district capitulated to the demands of a militant atheist who filed a federal lawsuit demanding the district remove a Ten Commandments monument erected on a public high school campus.
New Kensington-Arnold School District agreed to remove the massive monument within 30 days – ending a lawsuit filed in 2012 by self-avowed atheist Marie Schaub.
Schaub claimed the 6-foot stone monument erected outside Valley High School was a religious symbol and therefore was a violating of the U.S. Constitution.
“It's unfortunate that many people in my community don't understand or appreciate the separation of church and state, but I hope this settlement serves as an important lesson,” she told the Valley News Dispatch.
Schaub also claimed the monument was offensive to her and her daughter. I can only imagine which commandment she found to be most offensive. Maybe it was the one about graven images.
Click here to get Todd's new book – learn how to fight for your freedom!
Anyway, the school district must also pay $164,000 in legal fees.
“We're very pleased,” Freedom From Religion Foundation attorney Patrick Elliott told the Valley News Dispatch. “It means that the Constitution is being followed by the school district.”
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is a group of perpetually offended atheists, agnostics and self-professed free-thinkers based in Wisconsin. They intentionally bully and intimidate small towns and communities in their quest to eradicate Christianity from the public marketplace.
They are truly an unpleasant bunch of people, folks.
Schools Superintendent John Pallone told the local newspaper they agreed to settle the lawsuit “in order to take the high road.”
“We compromised and agreed to remove the monument,” he said.
That's hardly a compromise. It's more like appeasement.
The superintendent went on to tell the newspaper he believed the district “had a winnable case.”
“We're in a position where we just can't continue to fight this distraction,” he said.
How infuriating!
The school district had an opportunity to demonstrate to children how to defend our rights under the Constitution. Instead, they chose to throw in the towel – for the sake of expedience.
And in doing so – the school district violated an eleventh commandment: Thou Shall Not Tucketh Tail and Run.
For Apple, there's a lot riding on iOS 7, the newest version of its mobile software and the first refresh overseen by veteran industrial design head Jonathan Ive. To satisfy as many people as possible, it seems, Apple took inspiration from several different sources—including competitors.
Apple's iOS 7 includes a new control center.
The iPhone and iPad maker unveiled the new software, which it is offering to developers and will be available to consumers in the fall, along with a flurry of other updates, Monday at its 24th annual developer conference in San Francisco. Other announcements included Mavericks, the latest version of its OS X desktop software, a Pandora competitor dubbed iTunes Radio, and a sneak peek of its forthcoming Mac Pro, a sleek-but-sinister-looking tube-shaped black device.
iOS 7 was the center of attention, though, since its success will help define Apple's future in a world increasingly focused on smartphones and tablets—a world Apple did much to build. A refresh is needed, however, since it's harder to keep the interest of consumers, many of whom are gravitating to competing mobile operating systems, like Google's Android and Microsoft's Windows Phone. The mobile computing market has gotten a hell of a lot more competitive since the company trotted out the first iPhone in 2007, but while Apple has added plenty of features to the software, changed the design of the handset, and introduced the iPad, it has never truly overhauled the look of iOS.
iOS 7 features a new way of moving between apps.
And for Ive, it's a chance to infuse Apple's software with the minimal, modern design sense he's instilled into Apple's hardware for more than a decade. He took the reins as Apple's “human interface” director in October when Scott Forstall (who had led iOS development from the beginning) departed after the widely criticized launch of Apple Maps.
The “skeuomorphic” design ethos—with virtual buttons that appear as though they could be physically pushed and a notepad app that looks like a legal pad—that defined Forstall's tenure isn't gone in iOS 7. But it has definitely been toned down. The new look is flatter, cleaner, more futuristic (see “Why Jony Ive Shouldn't Kill Off Skeuomorphic Interfaces”). In some ways, the brighter colors and slimmer-looking typography evoke design tropes that Microsoft used in creating Windows Phone (see “Windows Phone: Despite Some Issues, an Excellent Mobile OS”).
“We just completely ran out of green felt, and wood as well. This has got to be good for the environment,” joked Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of software engineering, when introducing a less cluttered redesign of Apple's Game Center, in a clear dig to the past efforts at aping realism.
Photos and other content can be shared with other iOS 7 users nearby using AirDrop.
Ive didn't appear at the conference in person, though he was featured in a video played during the keynote presentation. In the video, he explained such new design features as refined typography, translucent overlays, and increased motion responsiveness to give users a better look at the wallpaper behind the app icons when they change the angle of the phone.
“In many ways, we've tried to create an interface that is unobtrusive and deferential,” Ive said, where the design “recedes” in order to elevate content on the screen.
The design does appear more intuitive, with, for example, improved multitasking that shows screen previews by double-tapping the home button, and automatic organization of photos by date and place.
A new iTunes feature, called Radio, offers customized, streaming music.
Yet plenty of new features shown off by Apple have long been mainstays on other mobile platforms and apps—such as the ability to swipe the screen for fast access to important device controls, or the option to enhance photos with numerous live color filters. And while Samsung Galaxy phones use a short-range wireless technology called near-field communications for easily sharing content with others over short distances by tapping phones together, an existing OS X feature called AirDrop is coming to iOS 7 to let users do so via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth by pressing “Share.”
Even the long-anticipated iTunes Radio looks a lot like the popular online radio service Pandora. Just like Pandora, iTunes Radio comes as both a free, ad-supported service and an ad-free paid version (it's included with a subscription to Apple's $25-per-year iTunes Match cloud-based music accessing service). It is cheaper than Pandora, though, which costs $4 per month or $36 per year.
The late-to-the-party feeling may very well be intentional, though. Apple isn't always known for doing things first—it often prefers to wait on the sidelines, letting competitors duke it out, before it presents what it believes will be the best in show. Ive has pulled this off in the past with the iPhone and iPad, but those product categories were so undeveloped at the time that it was easier to innovate. Now, with so much innovation on the software side of mobile, it's getting much harder to leap ahead of the pack.
I grew up eating Chinese steamed eggs with variations one after another. A good dish of steamed egg to me however does not necessarily need to come with seafoods or any pricey ingredients. I only demand it in smooth texture, appearing more or less like a piece of silken tofu.
I have no secret recipe for making a dish of silky, custard-looking steamed eggs. I simply do it with an appropriate mix of heat and timing. My experience is, both medium and low heat can do more or less the same. Difference is, cooking on a higher heat requires a very precise timing, or the steamed egg will easily be aged and end up with a honeycomb-like texture; yet, a lower heat is more forgiving.
Also on the less stringent side is the amount of water to be added. I usually in favor of a thinner consistency, therefore I have here a higher ratio of water to egg.
The simplest form of steamed eggs in Hong Kong is what we call Steamed Water Eggs (蒸水蛋) because only water is added to the beaten eggs, which is also the one you see here but may be less popular than those using stock nowadays.
Ingredients
2 eggs, bring to room temperature if chilled
6 halved eggshells of boiled water
(water : egg = 1.5 : 1)
soy sauce to taste
sesame oil to taste
Method Beat eggs, add cooled boiled water to egg and mix well. Strain the mixture through a sieve into a steam-proof dish. Or, you may remove the bubbles with a spoon. I'm less skillful in cleaning off the bubbles without discarding some egg juice at the same time. Therefore, using a sieve to me is more efficient. Set up a rack with water in wok. You may need a higher rack that would suspend the dish above the water surface. Bring the water to a boil over high heat. Place the dish with beaten eggs on a rack, then top the dish with a flat plate. Cover lid; turn to low heat and steam for 15 minutes (the egg mixture in my dish is about 1.5cm thick). Open and check if the eggs are coagulated by gently shaking the dish. Having a plate-lifter and a towel shall help move the dishes easily. Top the steamed eggs with a dash of soy sauce and sesame oil (I haven't included any seasonings in the egg mixture; if you have any, you may not need to add soy sauce). Serve hot. Enjoy your variations with the additions of green onions, shrimps, scallops, meat … In case you are new to steaming eggs, I believe a few notes below would also help. Using halved eggshell for measurement
Doing such eliminates estimations as you don't need to bother whether the eggs are small or large. Besides, it is also convenient. For every one egg, I measure water in its halved shell three times. Using boiled water than tap water
I can't offer a scientific explanation, but using cooled down boiled water helps make the egg custard smoother. Suspending dish above water
This is to avoid having too much boiling water hitting the base of the dish, thus overheating the egg and creating some sponge-like texture inside. Perhaps in this case, I tend to become a perfectionist.
DAVIE, Fla. -- The Miami Dolphins, who face four of the NFL's top quarterbacks in the next month, figured it would be wise to come up with something fast.
So defensive coordinator Kevin Coyle created a package named "speed."
The scheme gets ends Cameron Wake, Olivier Vernon and Dion Jordan into the game together, which gives the Dolphins a formidable pass rush and considerable flexibility. Miami unveiled the alignment in Sunday's season-opening win at Cleveland, and Coyle said it will be used more in the weeks to come.
"We can do a lot of things with those guys on the field," Coyle said. "We had a lot of fast guys on the field with that particular group. We can cover with those guys because they are all athletic; you might have seen Dion dropping into coverage a few times. We just scratched the surface with that."
The speed package is one of many schemes designed to take advantage of the depth and versatility in Miami's defensive front seven, which is the strength of the team. But the group will be sorely tested by the upcoming schedule, beginning Sunday when the Dolphins face Andrew Luck in Indianapolis. Then come Matt Ryan and Atlanta, Drew Brees at New Orleans, and Joe Flacco and Baltimore.
If the Dolphins are still above .500 when that stretch ends, they'll be well-positioned for a run at only their second playoff berth since 2001.
"We aren't going to get a whole lot of sleep here over the next month," Coyle said with a laugh.
The goal is to make sure opposing offensive coordinators don't get much sleep, either. Video of the Dolphins' defensive performance at Cleveland might do the job.
Miami had six sacks, made three interceptions and allowed Cleveland to convert only one of 14 third downs. A swarming defense made life miserable for Brandon Weeden, and the Dolphins will need the same sort of pressure against more proven QBs in the weeks to come.
"We hit the quarterback a bunch of times Sunday," cornerback Brent Grimes said. "Any time you can do that, it will put the halt on a lot of offensive attacks."
The performance was just what Coyle and coach Joe Philbin envisioned from their front seven, starting with strong performances by the ends. Pro Bowler Wake had 2½ sacks, Vernon applied constant pressure from the other side, and first-round draft pick Jordan came off the bench to earn his first NFL sack.
"Our defensive ends are among the most athletic guys there may be in the league," Coyle said. "They aren't the biggest guys, but they are very strong and play with great leverage."
While they controlled the flanks, Jared Odrick, Paul Soliai and Randy Starks dominated inside while rotating at the two tackle spots, and new linebackers Dannell Ellerbe and Philip Wheeler gave Miami more speed and blitzing options at their positions.
Coyle can use a wide variety of personnel combinations -- for example, Odrick might line up at any of the four spots on the line. That makes the Dolphins even more difficult to block.
"We kept some cards in our back pocket throughout the preseason," Wake said. "But when we started this offseason, we looked at our room and we knew we had a lot of guys that can do a lot of things pretty well, not just always line up and do the same thing. We have guys who can stand up, drop, rush the middle, rush the outside.
"All the guys have athletic ability to do a lot of things, and keeping the offense guessing will help our whole team."
Such versatility can keep Coyle guessing, too. He said his options are so appealing it's sometimes tough to choose.
"Did you ever go to Baskin-Robbins?" he asked with a laugh. "Is it a tough call when you are looking at all the different flavors and you want to pick one but you can only have one? Yes."
Game notes
DT Starks said he regretted making an obscene gesture toward the Dolphins' bench during Sunday's game. He said was joking with teammates and didn't get fined for the gesture. Starks denied being unhappy with his role or contract situation. ... Rookie cornerback Will Davis (toe) and third-string quarterback Pat Devlin (ankle) returned Tuesday after missing practice last week.
---
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
---
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Steve-Wine
Futurist Ray Kurzweil made a thought-provoking presentation at a recent trade show for medical device companies, MD&M, in Anaheim, California. At one point during his 45-minute talk he shifted his attention to solar.
Explaining the accelerating rate of technical progress, Kurzweil said technical developments form very predictable trajectories, and those trajectories are exponential. Consider the progress of the computing industry, he said. He spoke about his cell phone, which he said is several billion times more powerful per dollar than the computer he used as an undergraduate at MIT.
“I went to MIT because it was so advanced that it actually had a computer in the late 1960s,” Kurzweil said. “It took up the floor of a building. Still, this cell phone is thousands of times more powerful, and a million times less expensive. That's a several billion-fold increase in price-performance. It's also a tiny fraction of the size.”
Turning his attention to solar, Kurzweil said four years ago Google founder Larry Page and he were asked by the National Academy of Engineering to study emerging energy technologies. The men selected solar due to its exponential growth. Kurzweil said solar has been around for over 25 years, and its market share has doubled every two years.
“In 2012, solar panels were producing 0.5% of the world's energy supply. Some people dismissed it, saying, ‘It's a nice thing to do, but at a half percent, it's a fringe player. That's not going to solve the problem,'” Kurzweil said. “They were ignoring the exponential growth just as they ignored the exponential growth of the Internet and genome project. Half a percent is only eight doublings away from 100%.
“Now it is four years later, [and solar] has doubled twice again. Now solar panels produce 2% of the world's energy, right on schedule. People dismiss it, ‘2%. Nice, but a fringe player.' That ignores the exponential growth, which means it is only six doublings or [12] years from 100%.”
Two years ago Kurzweil presented this to the Prime Minister of Israel, he said, who had attended his class at the MIT Sloan School in the 1970s. Kurzweil said the prime minster asked him a question.
“Ray, do we have enough sunlight to do this with a doubling seven more times?'” Kurzweil recalled. He said he replied, “'Yes. After we double seven more times, and meeting 100% of the world's energy needs, we'll still be using only one part in 10,000 of the sunlight that we have.'”
“It's not true we're running out of energy,” Kurzweil said before moving on to another topic. “We're only running out of resources if we stick with 19th century technologies.”
Reporting by Paul Dvorak, founding editor, Medical Design and Outsourcing
Note: This article, title and text, has been updated to reflect the correct rate of doubling.
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats announced today that their home preseason game on June 17 against the Ottawa Redblacks will be streamed live on Ticats.ca. This marks the second consecutive year Ticats.ca will stream the home preseason game and follows a tremendous launch in 2015 where Ticats Fans from over 50 countries around the world tuned into to the live stream broadcast. The June 17 broadcast will feature full video and audio of the game, as well as a pre-game, halftime, and postgame show by the Ticats TV Live Panel, presented by Baffin. Play-by-play will be provided by TSN 1150's radio broadcast featuring Marshall Ferguson and colour commentator, John “Coach Sal” Salavantis.
Developed in partnership with Stadium Digital, the live stream broadcast will begin at 7 p.m. EST with the Ticats TV Live Pre-game Show. Coverage will include the Tiger-Cats' on-field warm-up and pre-game field entrance through the Enercare Caretaker's Club, content that is exclusive to the Ticats.ca live stream. The Ticats TV Live panel this season features Mike Morreale, new host Leslie Stewart, and guest analysts Paul Osbalidston, Rob Hitchcock and John Williams, who will bring fans the best pre-game, halftime, and post-game coverage including an exclusive interview with Head Coach Kent Austin for his first post-game remarks.
“Our unique digital product offerings, such as online streaming and Ticats All Access, have revolutionized our ability to engage with fans around TigerTown and throughout the world,” said Matt Afinec, Chief Commercial Officer of the Tiger-Cats. “Live streaming of game day content is critical to giving our fans at home and on their mobile devices the opportunity to be part of the exceptional live game day experience at Tim Hortons Field.”
During the regular season, the Tiger-Cats will continue to stream their Ticats TV Live presented by Baffin pre-game, halftime, and post-game shows on www.ticats.ca live from Tim Hortons Field for every home game including play-by-play audio from TSN1150 Hamilton. The Ticats TV Live post-game show will be the first place for fans to get post-game reactions from players and coaches, including Head Coach Kent Austin, following every home game.
Between Derek's big change, Parrish's new mission and Kate's dramatic exit, there's a lot still to be discussed from Monday's Teen Wolf season finale.
RELATED Teen Wolf‘s Ryan Kelley on Parrish's Mystery, Future With Lydia in Season 5
Below, executive producer Russell Mulcahy — who also directed the super-sized installment — talks about the episode's biggest twists, and how they might affect the drama's fifth season.
TVLINE | Let's start with the ending. Argent leaving with the Calaveras felt oddly final. Could this be the end of the Argents' saga?
I wouldn't say that. Right from the beginning, our mantra was “sexy, scary and surprising,” and I think all doors remain open [for anyone to return]. All things are possible in Teen Wolf.
TVLINE | One of those “surprises” was Derek's evolution. Since that's a new concept for the show, can you kind of explain what happened?
I think it's what you want it to be. In the mythology, there are various interpretations, but he's evolved to a different level. It's a rite of passage, a natural evolvement in the mystery of the werewolf syndrome. It all comes from the mind of [creator] Jeff Davis; he's brilliant, and he keeps me on my toes. There were bets going around about whom the Benefactor was, and most of us got it wrong.
TVLINE | I'm also glad you didn't kill off Braeden. Will her hunt for the Desert Wolf remain her top priority moving forward?
It could be. Next season is going to be a real eye-opener. We haven't done too much planning, but from the hints I've heard of what's to come, it's going to be a really cool, interesting season.
TVLINE | The other mystery is what Parrish is. Do you know what he is?
[Laughs] I don't. I think they're still going through the bestiary, trying to figure it out. He obviously seems to be impervious to fire, and he has a good amount of strength. I don't think he‘s even aware of what he is yet.
TVLINE | And he'll have Lydia helping him. Do you see their relationship ever turning romantic, as a lot of the fans are hoping?
The chemistry seems to be really nice there. Whether that turns into a romantic thing, or just becomes a close friendship, I don't know. But there's definitely a bond that you saw in one of the final scenes of them together. It's a very strong bond forming between them.
TVLINE | Lydia also spent much of the finale with Mason, and after what he saw, there's no way he can pretend like he doesn't know about the supernatural world. Will he be more in-the-know moving forward?
Oh, absolutely. It's a bit like Stiles' dad. Throughout the seasons, he went from being a regular sheriff in Beacon Hills to finally knowing about werewolves, lizard men, witches and whatever else. So his eyes have definitely been opened.
TVLINE | Stiles had a funny moment at the end of the finale, where he got handcuffed to the desk; it made me miss the old, funnier Stiles. Might he return to his lighter side?
I don't think it ever really disappeared, but I know he went to a really dark place in Season 3B. When he was possessed, we really saw his dark side. But that lighter side — and, specifically, the lighter side of Stiles and his dad — will continue.
TVLINE | Scott and Kira's relationship is also a fan-favorite. Will you continue throwing new obstacles at them in Season 5, or might they actually get some alone time?
They care for each other and love each other very much, but you know, it's still the early days [of their relationship], so there will always be new conflicts.
Teen Wolf fans, your thoughts on the finale? Hopes for Season 5? Drop 'em all in the comments section below.
Convergent evolution is what happens when nature takes different courses from different starting points to arrive at similar results. Consider bats, birds, and butterflies developing wings; sharks and dolphins finding fins; and echidnas and porcupines sporting spines. Or, if you want to annoy a traditionalist scientist, talk about humans and octopuses — and how they may both have consciousness.
This is the thrust of Other Minds: The Octopus, the Sea, and the Deep Origins of Consciousness, a new book by the scuba-diving, biology-specializing philosopher Peter Godfrey-Smith, originally of Australia and now a distinguished professor at the City University of New York's graduate center. The book was written up by Olivia Judson in The Atlantic, and you should read the whole thing, but what I find mesmerizing is how categorically other the eight-tentacled ink-squirters are, and how their very nature challenges our conceptualizations of intelligence.
“If we can make contact with cephalopods as sentient beings, it is not because of a shared history, not because of kinship, but because evolution built minds twice over,” Godfrey-Smith is quoted as saying. “This is probably the closest we will come to meeting an intelligent alien.” (He's not the first to think so: The Hawaiian creation myth holds that octopuses are the only creatures left over from an earlier incarnation of the Earth, making them more proto-terrestrials than extraterrestrials.)
In evolutionary terms, humans and octopuses share an ancestor that lived in the ballpark of 600 million years ago: squirmy, ocean-dwelling little worms. (Unflattering, no?) Since our parting, octopuses have converged upon their own version of eyes; like apes, they are dexterous, able to manipulate things in the world; and as any diver or snorkeler who has encountered one will tell you, they're super inquisitive, like humanity's beloved companions — dogs, cats, goats. They also have 500 million neurons, Judson notes, equal to a marmoset, with more than half distributed though their tentacles. In an odd bit of symmetry, humans have the same number of neurons in their gut.
It's the otherness of the octopus that makes it so hard to assess whether it has a mind or intelligence or consciousness or any of those heavy, brainy words. Why would task that measure human cognition be relevant for cephalopod thinking? It doesn't help that octopuses are unruly experiment participants, known to destroy equipment and squirt researchers. If that's not a sign of intelligence, what is? How could we capture the movement of an octopus's mind if, as Godfrey-Smith has argued and it's suggested by the neuron-in-the-arm thing, it's much less centralized than the human experience — each tentacle may have a “mind” of its own? Because of the vastly different evolutionary histories, and the environment the animal has had to find fitness in, octopus intelligence is likely structured in a very different way from a human's. “They really are an isolated outpost among invertebrates,” Godfrey-Smith told the Harvard Gazette. “From the point of view of the philosophy of the mind, they are a big deal.” And in trying to assess their intelligence, science is likely going to have to re-frame its understanding of human smarts, too.
Conservative columnist Michelle Malkin has accused Matt Drudge of bashing GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz for his Christian faith following a series of irreverent headlines on The Drudge Report.
The main headlines posted to the conservative website on Friday included, ” ‘Ted is the anointed one,' ” “Holy Ghost video revealed,” “Dad speaking in tongues” and “Supporters ‘lay hands' on Cruz at rally.”
The fourth headline linked to a Dec. 22 video posted by the liberal website Raw Story showing Tennessee Pastor Gaylon Wiley at a rally blessing Mr. Cruz. When Mr. Cruz was a boy, Mr. Wiley was the pastor who baptized him.
In a video for Conservative Review, Ms. Malkin showed a graphic of Mr. Drudge's headlines and criticized his editorial decisions.
“As my friend Ted Starnes put it, ‘This is what an anti-Christian smear looks like,' ” she said.
Ms. Malkin pointed out that “laying of hands” is something millions of Christians and Jews do regularly “to impart blessings, healing and authority.”
“Not only does this cheap tabloid shot expose ignorance and bigotry. It also exposes 100-point font sized double standards,” she said. “Funny, but I don't remember the armageddon-style headlines about Donald Trump having hands laid on him at his Trump Towers just a couple of months ago by Christian and Jewish leaders.”
She then played a clip from that Trump event.
“Holy hypocrisy, Drudge!” Ms. Malkin exclaimed. “We have enough Christian bashers in the media, Hollywood and the White House. Next time, lay off the ‘laying on' of the hands.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
As Denzel Washington puckered up to kiss Kelly Reilly, his redheaded co-star in the movie “Flight,” you half expect the camera to cut away. Surely, Washington doing “love scenes” with a white woman in a movie billed as an airplane thriller would be too much baggage for the movie to fly.
And as the camera zoomed in on those locked lips, that proved to be the case.
I was watching a sold-out Saturday matinee at the Magic Johnson theaters in Largo — the place to go if you want to hear the audience interacting with what's happening on screen.
Whenever the alcoholic pilot played by Washington would reach for a bottle after swearing off booze, for instance, someone in the audience would have to warn him. “No, Denzel, don't do it!” And when he'd take a drink anyway, someone had to give voice to the communal disappointment. “Oh, Jesus, no he didn't.”
The kiss, on the other hand, got no reaction at all. Just a mood-shifting silence, as if the theater had suddenly lost cabin pressure and there wasn't enough air left to even let out a sigh.
Oh, Jesus, yes he did.
There was a long-standing belief that the reason Washington did so few interracial romantic scenes was not to offend black women, who are his core audience and greatest admirers.
Kelly Lynch, a white actress who starred with Washington in “Virtuosity” in 1995, reportedly gave a different reason during an interview with the A.V. Club in October.
“He said, ‘You know what, Kelly? I hate to say it, but, you know, white men bring women to movies, and they don't want to watch a black man with their woman,' ” she said.
For his part, Washington has noted that Hollywood, historically, was reluctant to put interracial relationships on the big screen, that he has no problem with it but won't do it just for the sake of getting a reaction out of viewers.
But he's done it now.
“It took me by surprise,” Mildred Bailey, an information technology specialist for D.C. Superior Court, told me after the movie.
Toni Blocker, a retired visual information specialist with the D.C. government, was blunt about it. “The relationship was awkward and didn't work for me,” she said.
(I happen to think Washington deliberately made the kissing scenes look awkward, like he was kissing a window pane, a signal to black women that his heart really wasn't in it.)
“I just sat there thinking: ‘Why couldn't they have found a black actress to co-star with Denzel?' ” Blocker said.
Washington has spoken out on that problem, too. During an interview with the London Observer in February, columnist Alex Clark asked him about the barriers facing African American actresses.
“Black or white, there seems to be a cut-off for women,” he said. “Don't have a couple of kids; you're out the door. They're constantly looking for the younger one, the younger one, and for African American women, women of color, it's doubly hard. And then for dark-skinned African American women, it's even more difficult.”
And for the black audience, it can be even worse.
Take “Flight.” Two black women are cast as little more than stereotypical, long-suffering backdrops — an ex-wife whose heart has been broken by a selfish, lying, drunk black man; and a religious-minded flight attendant whom the black man morally corrupts by persuading her to lie for him.
On the other hand, the character played by Reilly turns out to be the black man's saving grace, pointing him on the road to salvation. And when he strays, he is forced back in line by another white woman. She's a federal investigator — and the only woman in the movie tough and savvy enough to get Washington to be honest with himself, to do what the black women could not.
I was expecting to see an airplane version of the 2010 movie “Unstoppable.”the 2010 movie in which Washington plays a railroad engineer who averts a disaster by stopping a runaway train.
What I saw instead was a tortured story about alcohol and drug abuse that was nearly ruined from the outset by gratuitous nudity and a ridiculously profane Washington, along with an unconvincing portrayal of his extramarital love life with a white woman.
Only the final few minutes are devoted to the character's recovery from substance abuse. But they are powerfully acted by Washington; moving enough to make me glad I didn't walk out in the middle of the movie after all that fake kissing began.
To read previous columns by Courtland Milloy, go to washingtonpost.com/milloy.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ), one of a few Republican senators who did not sign a letter warning Iranian leaders against a nuclear deal with the United States, said on Tuesday that he doesn't think the letter is “productive.”
“I just didn't think it was productive during this time when there are very tough negotiations going on. They're tough enough without introducing this element,” he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
But when Blitzer asked if the 47 senators who did sign the letter were trying to hurt President Obama or help Iran, Flake said he didn't think so.
“I agree with Susan Collins saying that I don't think the Iranians are that concerned about what 47 senators think,” Flake said. “But I was more concerned about our allies. Iran is at the table because these sanctions have bitten pretty hard, these multilateral sanctions. We've got to keep this coalition together.”
Flake added that he believes Congress should weigh in on the nuclear deal with Iran, but that he would like to see the deal reached before coming to a conclusion on the negotiations.
“I know there are a lot of people who don't think this agreement is going to be a good one. I think we all have our doubts whether this is going to be an agreement worth pursuing,” he said. “But my own view — I can only speak for myself — is that we ought to take every opportunity to have a negotiated agreement rather than the alternative. The alternative isn't good.”
Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, also declined to sign the letter, and said he didn't think the letter was “constructive.”
A League of the South rally (screenshot/leagueofthesouth.com)
The League of the South (LOS) promotes its brand through a multimedia web domain that features videos, photographs, and articles promoting white supremacy.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), the LOS is a hate group that defends the enslavement of black people and “denounces the federal government and northern and coastal states as part of ‘the Empire,' a materialist and anti-religious society.”
“In recent years, [the LOS] has become increasingly rabid, writing about potential violence, criticizing perceived Jewish power, and warning blacks that they would be defeated in any ‘race war,'” the SPLC writes. An explicitly pro-secessionist organization, the LOS boasts thousands of members nationwide.
What follows is a partial tour of the LOS' updated web presence, which aims to draw a new generation of activists into the armed defense of white supremacy in the United States.
An emboldened LOS welcomes visitors to its “cutting-edge site for a cutting-edge movement.”
The LOS is careful to eschew the label of “neo-Confederate.”
However, the LOS posts pictures on its website of members calling for the secession of southern states from the union.
The League of the South apparently has concerns about an armed insurrection by Muslims in Tennessee.
Further, the white supremacist group has discriminatory opinions that extend to gay people, too.
The LOS claims ownership of outdoor, public space whose basic infrastructure is paid for with taxpayer dollars.
Prolific with blog posts on any given day, the LOS was particularly inspired on the Fourth of July, the day Americans celebrate an end to British colonial rule several centuries ago. Michael Hill, LOS' president, complains he stands “in the Cultural Marxists' cross-hairs. And they have pulled the trigger.”
Hill goes on to whine about “cultural genocide” of white people, citing nary an example.
Identifying himself as neither “racist” nor a “xenophobe,” Hill continues his July 4 rant by explaining that “Southern people” are “white people… of European descent, who are committed to preserving a kith and kin, blood and soil nation on the lands bequeather by our ancestors who settled this area from the 17th century onward.”
Hill informs readers he will celebrate America's successful rebellion against British occupation by flying a Confederate flag, which represents the largest military effort in American history to overthrow the U.S. government by force.
In a comment thread on the LOS site last month, Hill describes black people in dehumanizing terms, as a means to justify their subjugation. Hill cites the Bible as his source for slavery advocacy.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
What's a coming-of-age drama without a drunken tirade episode? The best part of the dishwater-dull final season of Dawson's Creek to that point is when Busy Philipps crashes dinner—literally, in a car she drives into the house—and then tells each of the hateful protagonists why they're so terrible. Patrick's rant is similar, except it all splashes back on him. One by one he passive-aggressively addresses the main characters. He makes Dom beg for cash so he can open his piddly little whatever-it-is. He praises Agustín for how much he's grown and pokes him about how that still doesn't cover rent. He kind of shames Richie for his goodness. He tells everyone to get their Truvada prescriptions from Brady, who is a real journalist with real accomplishments, like having an article go viral. And don't forget Kevin! Patrick's big finish is to discuss something that happened when he was alone with Kevin at the office a couple weeks ago, but at last Dom and Agustín carry him off-stage. What took so long?
Advertisement
Looking hasn't gone for our wince lines like this since Patrick and Richie were dating, but cringe comedy is a big ingredient, because Patrick is an embarrassing person. I can't screencap Jonathan Groff's various squawks and screeches, but just look at him with his drunk sweat and magic marker goatee. It's not even a funny-ugly cheat. This is deeply, yearbook-photo awkward.
Advertisement
Everyone but Lynn shows up for Patrick's party. We get to know Brady, we behold Malik's Cher impression, Owen bounces off of everyone. In other words, there are a lot of personalities and agendas at work. One of the main attractions is a conversation, which mirrors The Conversation, about PrEP, instigated by Brady's article about why he's on it. “If there's a pill that can prevent HIV, everyone should take it.” Eddie says he would have been first in line. Owen—poor Owen—is made to say, “Yeah, but taking a pill just so you can fuck, I mean…” To which Doris points out, “It's like birth control, actually.”
Last time all the characters got together, they murdered romance, but Fun Gay Halloween makes Dom's 40th look like a night among the redwoods. With all those voices in the room, it's disappointing that we experience the party primarily via Patrick. Doris' night would have a much warmer feel, but we're attached at the hip to Patrick, blithely bounding from one awkward encounter (“Maleficent!”) to the next. When couples are canoodling or people are dancing, that's just to contrast with our poor, moody hero. We don't even get official resolution on the Agustín story—although we get a pretty good idea—because we have to go out on Patrick contemplating his loneliness amid a dying party.
So what's up with Patrick? The first line of the episode is him saying, “This guy messaged me on OKCupid.” Good story! You'd think that'd be a promising sign, but things are probably off to a bad start from the get-go. Patrick's not throwing a party for the sake of the party. He's doing it because he wants to be a “fun gay,” which as near as I can tell is some kind of exhausting wannabe. On his quest for party supplies, he finds out that Kevin, who can barely maintain his composure, is probably moving back to Seattle with Jon. Patrick plays it cool, at least for then, but by the end it looks like Kevin moving might be his main trigger. He can't handle how all these things are happening out of his control, whether he likes it or not. At the party he's dressed as Half-Life hero Gordon Freeman, but nobody knows who that is. He's desperate for everyone else to have a good time, but he's not having one himself. If he set the example and sing a damn song, people would sign up for karaoke after him. But Patrick wants things to be great on their own, without having to do any work. Remember those party supplies he scavenged? And he's surrounded by couples, some of them involving his exes, all of whom can't stop touching and kissing right in front of him.
Advertisement
The scene of the night starts with another party shot—so many dazzling party shots on this show, because dance is social, intimate, and cinematic—but this one is far from fluid. It's jagged, as befits the evening, zig-zagging from Richie and Brady making out to Patrick rolling his eyes and taking a drink, then over to Agustín and Eddie kissing and back to Patrick, then through the crowd to James. James is a friend of Eddie's who Patrick tried to endure through two boring conversations before eventually leaving to check on the chips. (See? Patrick's hilarious.) Now, as Patrick triangulates himself among the couples, the camera pulls back to follow him over to James. Patrick just tells him he's beautiful and then plants one on him, and it's so gross, but James has some self-respect. “What am I, your sloppy party leftovers? Happy Halloween, dick. Your playlist is garbage.” Patrick follows him out with a whiny, “This playlist is fucking awesome, okay?!” We pan back over to see James but instead we bump into Kevin, just standing there with his arms folded, saying, “I quite fancy this song.” As a viewer, I suddenly felt an overwhelming impulse to see Patrick make a bad decision and get back together with Kevin, anything to make this party fun. Patrick probably feels the same way. But it gets worse. Jon walks up behind Kevin and hugs him from behind. He starts talking about how crazy the city is on Halloween. “We saw a guy on the street…balls out,” Jon says, grabbing Kevin's package and yanking it a little for emphasis. There's so much to love in that one gesture: the humor of Jon's buzz, Kevin's reaction, and the lewd gesture; the way Jon rubs it in Patrick's face, consciously or not, that he gets to grope Kevin; the feeling that, along with his “Beer” T-shirt and jester hat, we finally get a handle on Jon.
Despite the centerpiece self-immolation, “Looking For Gordon Freeman” is all about the unspoken, like the big confession Patrick almost announces to the entire party. Almost all of Jon's dialogue is just small talk delivered with a partier's enthusiasm by Joe Williamson, but his overall story in the episode is inescapably sad. Jon can't help but notice at what point Patrick's speech gets cut off, and when he finds Kevin sitting with Patrick, Kevin feels so guilty he gets up and moves away. “Here you two are. I thought the party was inside.” Jon doesn't make any accusations, but it's hard not to notice that Kevin is practically crying. As they're leaving, Patrick says, “Good luck in Seattle. I hope everything works out the way you want.” Jon looks at Kevin and asks, “What does that mean?” They might be in for a long night, and not in the good way.
Then there are two subplots about seeming commitment-phobes not wanting to talk about their relationships. Eddie's fronting like he might go to another party afterward, but Agustín wants him to spend the night. The episode ends too early to find out, but Eddie's still there even as the party's dying down. Next week he better wake up naked in Agustín's bed. The writers have been taking this relationship slowly, possibly because Agustín needed to win us over first, but after skinny-dipping in the lake, making out (or more?) last week, and now this, it's at the point where Eddie's on-screen chastity feels more like the writers, not the character, evading the topic of his sexuality.
Advertisement
Meanwhile Doris is running as fast as she can away from coupledom. When Dom sulks about her having a couples costume with Malik instead of him this year, she says, “What is it with gay people trying to ruin straight people's relationships with their labels?” He later does for her what she did for him with Lynn, telling her how good she is with her partner, the subtext being a loud and clear, “Don't let fear get in the way of a good thing.” Sure, Malik drops “love” awfully early into their relationship, but things work out pretty well for them in the background, not that we really get to revel in their happiness.
Instead we get a great final scene with Patrick. He's just thrown one last wrench into Kevin and Jon's night, and now he wanders back into his house as Agustín and Eddie and Richie and Brady are dancing. He crawls into bed so Dom can hold him, and then he looks at Richie, and Richie looks back. Patrick smiles like it's a question and he's waiting for the answer. Richie can't help but smile back. He just can't help it. Even ignoring what happened last year, in the last three episodes Richie learned that Patrick is a home-wrecker, he found out Patrick cheated on him just before they officially broke up, and he endured that embarrassing speech. And still he can't tear himself away. But there's more to it than that. As he's smiling, he slowly starts moving back toward the dance floor. He smiles over his shoulder at Patrick one last time, but then he rejoins Brady, turning his back on Patrick in the process. It's gentle but decisive. Nobody needs to say anything to punish Patrick for his behavior. He's done that all on his own.
Patrick being unlikable is bound to be a problem for the “Is Looking Still Boring” set. Likability isn't irrelevant, but annoying or embarrassing characters are important, too. Patrick can be oblivious, Richie can be smug, Kevin's weak, Eddie's guarded, and you know Agustín's one bad day away from making an installation piece about urinal cakes. The whole point of a coming-of-age story is for the characters to grow up, to get past their youthful selfishness or try, anyway. That's what we're watching for. So there are going to be days when Patrick can't stop sabotaging himself. Mission accomplished. “Looking For Gordon Freeman” is a sweaty disappointment, exactly as it should be.
Advertisement
Stray observations:
“Looking For Gordon Freeman” is directed by Jamie Babbit and written by JC Lee. One peculiar shot is the one after Patrick sees Kevin and John. He excuses himself and goes over to the karaoke sign-up sheet, and the camera leads him, so he stays basically in the same position while the rest of the house disappears behind him. It's a frantic, subjective moment all about Patrick's desperation, encapsulating the episode.
Patrick: “We're throwing a party this year. We're gonna be the fun gays.” Agustín: “I'm already a fun gay.” Dom: “You're literally the least fun gay I know.”
Dom on Agustín: “He's doing his best. His best just isn't that great.” Nice to see that Agustin isn't magically perfect, but he does seem to generally have it going on this season, to the point where it still feels discontinuous with season one to me, although he was sleeping on a sidewalk recently.
Please join me for my 12-part lecture series about why Seattle isn't a good move for Kevin, Jon, or especially us. The main reason is Russell Tovey is stealing this season. Don't Frank him!
Agustín: “Are you dressing up tonight?” Eddie: “Does a bottom howl at the moon?” Agustín: “I don't know what that means.”
Owen: “Am I a social media guy? I have thirty-three hundred Tumblr followers.” Dom: “Isn't that just for porn?”
Patrick isn't just getting misidentified. He can't get anyone else's costumes right either. “You're Link from Legend Of Zelda, right?” James: “Legolas.”
Advertisement
Costume Contest: Obvious winners are Doris and Malik as Sonny and Cher respectively, although Jester Jon wins the evening, and I'm going to be so sad when he and Kevin break up, not least because of all the Celine Dion we never got to hear him sing. Notable that the only two characters who didn't dress up are Kevin and Richie, although Richie is at least wearing a Where The Wild Things Are T-shirt to match Brady's get-up as Max.
Obvious winners are Doris and Malik as Sonny and Cher respectively, although Jester Jon wins the evening, and I'm going to be so sad when he and Kevin break up, not least because of all the Celine Dion we never got to hear him sing. Notable that the only two characters who didn't dress up are Kevin and Richie, although Richie is at least wearing a Where The Wild Things Are T-shirt to match Brady's get-up as Max. Patrick on Brady: “He's got a lot of energy.” Richie: “Be nice.” I'm with Patrick on this one.
During the PrEP conversation, when Patrick slips and mentions dying of HIV, Agustín corrects him, and Eddie gives Agustín this great little, “Down, girl,” pat. Don't Frank Eddie, either. This ensemble is too good together.
Eddie: “You know a party's really awesome when everyone starts talking about AIDS.”
Agustín: “If it's any consolation, there was only one suicide during Clarissa Dalloway's party.”
Patrick: “I don't want you to go to Seattle. I don't want us being weird to be the reason I never see you again.” Same. Also, Kevin and Jon have clearly had problems the entire time we've known them. Moving to Seattle is the gay having a baby to save the marriage. It's not going to work.
Today, the Google Apps team announced that it will no longer support Internet Explorer 8 (and lower). Thank goodness. This will affect everyone using Google Apps: businesses, educational and government institutions. The drop of support officially starts November 15th, a few weeks after Internet Explorer 10 launches.
This means no support for GMail, no Calendar, no Drive, no anything for Internet Explorer 8. Good riddance.
Here's what the team had to say:
As we announced last year, we support the latest version of Google Chrome (which automatically updates whenever it detects that a new version of the browser is available) as well as the current and prior major release of Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari on a rolling basis. Each time a new version of one of these browsers is released, we begin supporting the update and stop supporting the third-oldest version. Internet Explorer 10 launches on 10/26/2012, and as a result, we will discontinue support for Internet Explorer 8 shortly afterwards, on 11/15/2012. After this date users accessing Google Apps services using Internet Explorer 8 will see a message recommending that they upgrade their browser.
I don't think anyone will be crying over this, however, for companies who don't get their workstations properly updated, this could cause some issues for sure. IT folks, put your hardhats on!!!!
Let me rewrite the opening paragraph to represent the true Trump strategy here, one I don't endorse but still recognize for what it is:
Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump has done it again. His attacks on the Mexican heritage of federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel clearly show that Trump's campaign is still following its uncharted but calculated path. The proof is that even prominent Republican leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and former Speaker Newt Gingrich have disavowed themselves from Trump's attacks on the judge. Surely this is the continuation of the Trump campaign's brash efforts to separate itself from the Republican Party — not so much in reality, but in voter perception.
Trump not only doesn't need the supposed Republican ideological base, he needs to run away from it regularly to distance himself from a losing and shrinking brand. Trump needs to run this campaign almost as if he's a third-party candidate. I say "almost," because he still needs the Republican National Committee money and ground game and whatever percentage of the population that will vote for the GOP nominee no matter who he or she is.
There are also a lot of people in America who feel that they've lost a case in court because they were treated unfairly by a judge or someone else in the legal system. Almost every person I know who is going through a divorce and involved in a child-custody cases feels that way. And as Dilbert creator and blogger Scott Adams pointed out, it's more likely that Trump knows he's going to lose the Trump University case before Judge Curiel and he's simply building a persuasive case in many of our minds that perhaps he will lose unfairly. Lots of Americans will identify with that.
OK, OK, but that still doesn't answer the less polite question of who out there would actually be swayed to vote for Trump, not just based on his distance from the establishment Republican Party, but on perceived racism or racist comments? Here's the impolite, but true answer: There's no denying that Trump has racist supporters. Anyone who's criticized him publicly finds that out the hard way either in person or on social media. Trump is trying to court and greatly expand the white vote, which has been shrinking in the last few elections. Clearly and sadly, this is one way to do it.
But Trump's comments also speak to those non-racists who don't like supposedly harmless liberal identity politics, like Supreme Court Justice Sonya Sotomayor calling herself a "wise Latina," or Hillary Clinton talking about how men are often stupid. Those kinds of comments and strategies can produce not-so-harmless responses and reactions. Are there enough potential voters out there who react that way to help Trump? The primary-election results say "yes."
If you don't condone the divisive and racially-charged comments by Donald Trump about Judge Curiel, it probably speaks well of your soul. But it won't speak well of your observational skills if you don't see how it's really all part of what's been a winning strategy for Trump so far. Don't expect this Judge Curiel controversy to hurt Trump in the polls for more than a week or two, if that. It's really all part of the plan.
Commentary by Jake Novak, supervising producer of "Power Lunch." Follow him on Twitter @jakejakeny.
For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University University of Kansas
Psycho, one of the scariest movies of all time, is Alfred Hitchcock's work at his finest—but could deleting a scene make it even darker?
As part of an argument for why fan editors should have the artistic freedom to share their re-edited versions of feature films, Joshua Wille, a doctoral student in film and media studies at the University of Kansas, tweaked the final minutes of Psycho.
In 1998, while reviewing Gus Van Sant's remake of the movie, film critic Roger Ebert questioned the use of a psychiatrist character to explain Norman Bates' psychosis. Following Ebert's suggestion, a fan editor by the name of “Stomachworm” made a cut of the film in 2009 that shortened the psychiatrist's monologue at the police station. The cut, which Ebert acknowledged as being effective, is no longer accessible online because of copyright issues.
Wille reconstructed the alternative version based on Ebert's critique, which keeps the first few seconds of the psychiatrist's monologue. He then created another cut that takes out the psychiatrist's speech entirely and jumps to Norman sitting alone in the jail cell with the voice of his mother in his head.
“That version presents a different kind of ending,” Wille says. “There is no voice of reason, no psychiatrist to care for Norman, no sympathetic authority figure. There is just Norman and his madness. And that is a real dark note to end the movie on.”
Wille discusses the Psycho cuts in an article in the journal Transformative Works and Cultures.
The law vs. creativity
Fan editors, Wille says, maintain that their work is noncommercial, stand against video piracy, and demand that their viewers own a legal copy of the film or television show before downloading the fan-edited version.
Because popular video viewing sites, such as YouTube and Vimeo, frequently take down fan edits on the grounds of copyright infringement, fan editors often share their transformative works on the same channels that distribute pirated content. And when these controversial online sites are deactivated on the grounds of piracy, access to fan edits like “Psycho: The Roger Ebert Cut” are jeopardized.
“Fan editing is experimental and critical in nature. The media industry and regulatory practices aren't caught up with the wave of creativity that is happening,” Wille says.
Fan edits of lore
In the article, Wille coins the term “vaporcut” to describe actor and Star Wars fan Topher Grace's re-edit of the Star Wars prequel trilogy into a single 85-minute fan edit, “Star Wars Episode III.5: The Editor Strikes Back.” The fan edit has never been made publicly available; however, it has been discussed online, and a description of its alternate narrative structure is available.
Pulling from the word vaporware, which is used to describe technology that is rumored, written, and talked about, but never actually released, Wille uses vaporcut to describe fan edits that are discussed but not available to viewers. They are different from fan edits that once were available online but have been removed from the web.
“If we are going to conscientiously study fan edits, we need to be careful not to give credence to works that are unsubstantiated. We have to be careful how we talk about them,” Wille says.
Wille also looks at the fan edits created by director Steven Soderbergh, who has recut the much maligned 1980 film Heaven's Gate, created a mash-up of the 1960 and 1998 versions of Psycho, and changed Raiders of the Lost Ark to black and white and re-scored the film. Soderbergh also made a fan edit of 2001: A Space Odyssey that he eventually removed from his website at the request of Warner Bros. and the estate of Stanley Kubrick.
In addition to his own work re-editing Psycho, Wille points to new fan edits that people have created to try to reconstruct Grace and Soderbergh's projects.
“Fan editors have attempted to manually recreate these elusive works, but they naturally produce variants that reflect their own creative choices, similar to the way in which an inspired cook may deviate from a recipe,” Wille says.
Source: University of Kansas
The Fonts In Use Collection
By the Numbers 3,220 Uses 258 Contributors 1,764 Typefaces 100s of Foundries
Fonts In Use just turned three. That seems young, but it's something like a teenager in internet years, right? Regardless, the more significant milestone came in mid-2012 when we launched the Collection, opening the archive to public submissions. Since then, we've experienced a growth spurt: the site now documents and discusses* over 3,200 designs using at least one of over 1,700 typeface families from hundreds of foundries. (*I use the present tense because Fonts In Use is a living archive — one in which entries of any age are easily accessible, cross-referenced, and with comment threads that are always open for new insights and discussion.)
Ok, numbers are nice, but what thrills us most about the new platform is what it can do. Over the last few months we improved our typeface pages, adding high-resolution samples, space for biographical information, and links to sources and related typefaces. We gave account holders the ability to create Sets and “Like” Uses. We expanded the Collection pages so they show more Uses and take advantage of wide screens. And we deployed an bunch of other enhancements that are best covered in another post.
We also welcomed new writers to the Blog so we can publish more frequent typographic histories, observations, and critiques.
Today, we celebrate our birthday with a few party favors. Introducing the first of an annual awards show. What follows is the “best of Fonts In Use in 2013”, as dictated by our editorial staff. This list of font uses and users is a glimpse into contemporary type-driven graphic design. We hope it surfaces content from the collection that you may have missed, and sparks you to contribute your own work — or work you admire — to the growing archive.
Uses of the Year
To us, great typography means thoughtful type choices used in skillful or unusual ways. The work below reached the pinnacle of that standard in 2013. The winners include designs from a range of formats, from exhibition and poster design to websites and book covers. They represent designers and studios from around the globe. And they span the gamut of typeface styles, both old and new, from over a dozen different foundries.
Big Plans Exhibition Design
Designed by Jessica Svendsen and Julia Novitch
Using Bureau Grot and Letter Gothic
The Bling Ring Trailer and Posters
Designed by P+A and Silenzio Communication
Using Dom
Designing News
Designed by Francesco Franchi
Using Domaine, Atlas Grotesk, and Atlas Typewriter
Uses of the Year
Honorable Mentions
Users of the Year
These graphic designers and studios produced several pieces that our staff recognized as exceptional typography. For this award we looked at all the Uses in the Collection credited to a designer, not just the work produced in 2013. (When we say “Users” we mean “font users”. The best users of the site are honored in the next section: “Contributors of the Year”.)
Pentagram
NYC Beaches identity
This storied New York-based studio is well represented in our collection not just because they are famous or produce so much newsworthy, visible work, but because they obviously love type. Pentagram makes good use of a wide range of typefaces and they document that work well, writing about their type selection and giving credit to the font makers.
Nina Stössinger
“Zu bürgerlicher Eintracht und Vertraulichkeit”
Nina Stössinger is a Swiss designer of books and identities who uses a variety of typefaces (many of them very new) from various sources and lucidly articulates her choices on her site and Fonts In Use . We recognize her here not for her 2013 work, but for her rich contributions over the last three years. She can be excused for using less type recently because she's been quite busy learning more about how to make it: Stössinger is currently a Type and Media graduate student at KABK in The Hague. She writes about that experience too.
Solo
Gargalo Liqueur
Solo is a Barcelona studio founded in 2011 by Óscar Germade. Their work for a range of luxury brands and editorial publications is characterized by restraint, setting stages in which the type itself is the focal point.
Studio Laucke Siebein
Angewandt Exhibition Materials
Like Stössinger, this nod to Studio Laucke Siebein is more of a multi-year achievement award. Dirk Laucke (Amsterdam) and Johanna Siebein (Berlin) give new life to unusual and forgotten typefaces in their decidedly modern work.
Users of the Year
Honorable Mentions
Contributors of the Year
Since we opened the site to public submissions in mid-2012, these Fonts In Use visitors contributed the most interesting and discussion-provoking Uses to the Collection. Not only did they upload good images of great work, but bonus points were awarded for adding insight, commentary, or critique.
Chris Purcell
After over 30 years as a designer and lettering artist at Hallmark Cards, Chris Purcell retired in 2012. Their loss is our gain: Chris has been a voracious contributor to Fonts In Use since then, adding over 40 Uses to the Collection. His submissions are broad ranging, covering many different industries, formats, and periods. The examples are sometimes from his own collection or documented with his own photography. And many of them are more than a simple image upload: they include his commentary, which often generates further discussion.
Maurice Meilleur
Along with some of his own fine work, Maurice Meilleur has contributed several pieces by other designers. Maurice is an MFA student in graphic design at the University of Illinois, and his literate, academic approach is very welcome among our ranks. We're grateful for Maurice's extra effort in spotting interesting work, writing a useful description, and producing good imagery, either from his own photos or images generated from PDFs.
Patch Hofweber
Patch Hofweber is a American ex-pat living in Malmö, Sweden. His contributions number over 20 to date, and focus on web and identity design, two areas of his own multidisciplinary expertise. He sometimes supplements his submissions with a bit of typographic critique, an attribute that served him well as one of our rare guest writers on the Fonts In Use Blog.
Contributors of the Year
Honorable Mentions
Contributors of the Year
Font Foundries & Providers
Contributions of the Year
This is a placeholder for a future award, meant for those non-staff contributions that are exceptional in their visual documentation, critical analysis, and/or historical research. To get that ball rolling for 2014, here are a few Uses that were popular or controversial from last year:
Fonts In Frequent Use
In addition to the typefaces represented by our featured Uses and Users of the Year (most of which are shown in the main sidebar at the top of the page), the font families shown at right appeared most frequently in 2013 designs posted to Fonts In Use . This list only represents work in our Collection, so these certainly aren't the most prevalent typefaces in all design today — that would be overlooking system/app bundled fonts, Core Web fonts, freebies, other perennially popular typefaces like Gotham, Interstate, and Neutraface, and revivals of classics like Caslon and Garamond. Yet they do reflect part of the current design zeitgeist: all sans serifs, most (except Alright Sans) are firmly in the static Gothic, Grotesque, or Geometric models. An odd outlier is ITC Serif Gothic. Nick Sherman has discovered that Lubalin and Di Spigna's 1972 design is seeing a curious revival.
Early Users
Our observant co-editor Florian also noted these early adopters of typefaces newly released in 2013 or late 2012: Macula for Colin Smith, Audree for AwardsLine , Berlingske for A-Magasinet , Line for Rodeo , Domaine for Designing News , Magasin for Elle Decoration , MVB Solitaire for Assembly, FF Quixo for Publishing Design syllabus, FF Mark for Bench, Baton for L'Histoire du Diable, FF Dora for Gewone Letters , Landmark for Parc Olympique, Vinter for Queensland Ballet, and LL Circular for a number of uses.
What did we miss? With over 2,000 Uses added to the site in 2013, there is surely more typography worth honoring. What were your favorite font uses of 2013? Link 'em up in the comments below. And if your favorite design is not already in the Collection, now is the time to contribute. Your participation is vital to this endeavor.
Hi, my name is Andrei! That is Andrew, in English. I live in Romania, I am 28 years old, and I am not here to tell you how I have discovered what true love means. You see, the problem is that in my country traditionalism still plays a major role in people's lives, which makes it difficult for someone different than the rest to blend in. Here, gays are still considered either lunatics or sick people. You can see why there are not as many homosexuals here, like there are in other countries or, at least, they are not as open about their identity. You can also understand why I have been so reluctant, and still am, about acknowledging my sexual identity. This is my confession and I am glad that I can finally speak freely about who I truly am; no lies, just the pure truth.
I always knew there was something different about me, but I was not quite sure what it was. As I grew, I realize that what made me different was something that the others could not accept and I understood really fast that it was better if I kept my card close to the chest. And so I did. For several years I tried to avoid discussions approaching the sex topic and, if asked directly, I lied. But, as you can imagine, I was far from being happy. Not only that I could not admit who I was, but I was also unable to get involved in any relationship without raising suspicions. I was alone for a long time and it was probably the saddest period of my life. I was craving for those juicy love affairs that I heard my friends talking about and I gradually became more and more depressed, as I realized that I will never experience such a beautiful thing.
My best friend's name was also Andrei and he was the only one that I enjoyed talking to. He was more open to the concept of new than the others and we used to spend hours talking about various subjects, especially about computer games, since we were both passionate about this subject. However, I have never told him about my sexual preferences and I am sure he didn't suspect anything. I had no idea how he would react if he were to find out, which is why I preferred keeping it to myself. But this one night came and everything about my world radically changed.
Did you like the first part of this story? Then don't miss the second part of Society dislikes me, but I have found happiness.
To be continued…
CLOSE An overview of the candidates who have launched a campaign for governor. Wochit
The Senate health committee decided to delay action on a GOP-backed medical marijuana bill for Tennessee. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
As Tennessee lawmakers begin discussions about possibly allowing medical marijuana in Tennessee, the top-tier candidates seeking to replace Gov. Bill Haslam have vastly different opinions.
While legalizing medical marijuana in Tennessee has been brought up in the legislature several times in recent years, House Speaker Beth Harwell, who announced her run for governor in July, made headlines when she said she was open to the idea.
Last month, Harwell said a treatment using marijuana for her sister's back injury caused her to reconsider whether the Volunteer State should embrace medical cannabis, the Associated Press reported.
The USA TODAY NETWORK-Tennessee surveyed all seven top-tier candidates to get their views on medical marijuana after Harwell's comments.
More: Tennessee's 2018 governor's race: Who's in, out, undecided
More: Senator expects panel will help educate public, Tennessee lawmakers on medical marijuana
More: The Majority of gubernatorial candidates mum on marijuana use
In the survey Harwell said she supports medical marijuana if it is properly regulated.
"I believe it could be used as a tool to provide relief for certain intractable pain situations, and that it could potentially be an alternative to highly addictive medications like opioids," she said.
Dean, Fitzhugh in favor
Joining Harwell in supporting making medical marijuana available in Tennessee are former Nashville Mayor Karl Dean and House Minority Leader Craig Fitzhugh.
"If the medical profession says there are identifiable, concrete reasons why medical marijuana could help with someone's care, I think use should be permitted," Dean said.
"I certainly would not want state government to stand in the way of someone receiving relief from their suffering if there is medical evidence and medical professionals supporting the treatment."
Fitzhugh said he would support a policy that defers to physicians on the practice of medicine.
“Any such policy would have to include seed-to-sale controls and barcode tracking. The crops must be cultivated in Tennessee, taxed properly, and the law must prohibit the purchase or sale of these products across state lines," he said.
Disagreement among Republicans
While both Democratic candidates agree on the issue, there are wide differences among the five top-tier Republicans in the race.
Williamson County businessman Bill Lee said he will listen to law enforcement and the medical community while forming his position.
Former state Sen. Mae Beavers cited the federal government's refusal to embrace medicinal or recreational marijuana to say she would not favor either. "I hope the legislature won't be 'duped' into supporting 'dope' based on a smokescreen of 'medical' concern. As Governor I certainly won't be fooled,” she said.
U.S. Diane Black said no scientific research exists that shows the medical benefits of smoking marijuana.
Knoxville entrepreneur Randy Boyd said any potential use of medical marijuana should go through testing and approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Other thoughts on marijuana
Lee called for further evaluation of the state's current law that allows limited use of non-smokable cannabidoil.
Cannabidoil is an extract of marijuana that can be used to treat epileptic seizures that does not contain any psychoactive elements.
Among the questions that Lee said need to be answered are how law enforcement is impacted by the current law, how doctors have integrated it into their work and whether it is working for patients.
Both Beavers and Black said marijuana is a "gateway drug" — the idea that using cannabis can lead people to other harder drugs.
Earlier this year, Americans for Safe Access, a Washington, D.C.-based organization, successfully pressured the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to remove marijuana from its list of “gateway drugs” on the agency's website.
When asked if medical marijuana could be used to fight the opioid epidemic the country is facing, Black said: "The answer to fighting illegal drug use is not more drugs."
Beavers said the country needs to deal with one drug distribution crisis before creating another.
When asked whether the state's existing penalties for possession of marijuana are adequate, Black said she supports the current law that makes the sale of a half-ounce of marijuana a felony.
Although city councils in both Memphis and Nashville earlier this year approved measures to reduce penalties for possession of small amounts of marijuana, the state legislature passed a law to negate the actions of the local governments.
Fitzhugh called for lawmakers to revisit the issue of decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana.
Reach Joel Ebert at jebert@tennessean.com or 615-772-1681 and on Twitter @joelebert29.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2017/09/07/wide-split-medical-marijuana-2018-tennessee-governors-race-tennessee-candidates-governor-split-medic/632737001/
The Kota Manado series of “Law of the Jungle” is enjoying smooth sailing. The show does well in general in its Friday night slot, but the most recent series is doing exceptionally well, kicking off its first episode with ratings reaching 20 percent.
PD Lee Se Young sat down for an interview and opened up about the family-like chemistry between the cast, which boasts a wide age range of members in their teens to those in their fifties.
When talking about BTS's Jin, the PD had nothing but good things to say. It has already been reported that the idol had won the hearts of the show's cast and crew with his dad jokes.
When asked whether it was true that Jin had filmed the show during his designated vacation days instead of taking time off to rest, Lee Se Young said, “Because he's such a popular idol, I heard he has a packed schedule with barely any days off. He gave up a long-overdue vacation to film ‘Law of the Jungle,' and I was worried that he'd struggle physically. I was relieved to see him actually having a great time.”
The PD also added, “The other cast members showered him with praise, saying that never in their lives have they seen an idol who is so innocent, bright, and overflowing with positive energy like Jin. He said that this is the first time that he's appeared on a variety show without the other [BTS] members. He did so well that it made me wonder why it took him this long to venture into variety shows.”
The third episode of “Law of the Jungle in Kota Manado” will air on January 20 at 10 p.m. KST. The cast includes BTS's Jin, Cosmic Girls' Cheng Xiao, 5URPRISE's Gong Myung, Solbi, Sleepy, and Yoon Da Hoon.
Source (1)
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel in Brussels, Belgium, January 12, 2017. REUTERS/David Stockman/pool
COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel told German industry leaders on Monday that she would remain committed to free trade in an indirect rebuttal to comments from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's about border taxes on car imports.
Speaking to the German Chamber of Commence and Industry in the western city of Cologne, Merkel also urged industry leaders to remain supportive of the German government in the forthcoming Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union.
“We can't let anyone divide us,” she said.
As far as free trade and open markets go, Merkel told the industrialists her government was determined to fight for them.
“We've got to fight this battle, if for no other reason than principle,” Merkel said, referring to Germany's commitment to the free trade that has fueled its prosperity and helped make it one of the world's leading export nations.
“I'm ready for that,” Merkel added, echoing words from her Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble earlier on Monday. Schaeuble issued a thinly veiled warning to Trump over the dangers of protectionist trade policies.
“Whoever wants growth - and I trust this administration will be a growth-friendly one - must be in favor of open markets,” Schaeuble told the Wall Street Journal in an interview. “Protectionism can afford short-term advantages but is almost always damaging in the long term.”
Merkel said she hoped German companies would take up the challenge.
In an interview with Bild newspaper, Trump warned German car companies he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the U.S. market. Trump criticized German carmakers such as BMW (BMWG.DE), Daimler (DAIGn.DE) and Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) for failing to produce more cars on U.S. soil.
Two victims were stabbed in San Diego's North Park neighborhood early Saturday morning after lending a cell phone to a stranger on the street, authorities confirmed.
The San Diego Police Department said things turned violent in the 3900 block of Ohio Street at around 2:10 a.m. after a 32-year-old man loaned his phone to an unknown man who then refused to give it back.
The pair began fighting and police said the suspect stabbed the victim in the arm.
A second victim – a 30-year-old man – tried to intervene and was also stabbed in the back by the suspect.
The suspect then fled the scene.
Police said both victims sustained non-life threatening injuries. They were able to get back the cell phone.
The suspect is described by police as an African-American man dressed in a blue suit and tie. He was clean-shaven, approximately 5-foot-10 and 170 pounds. Anyone with information on this case should contact the SDPD.
The Original Reserve Strap design (left) vs the new design (right)
Finally getting our hands on the Apple Watch has further confirmed the immense value of the Reserve Strap. Since release day, we've been executing series of tests on the Apple Watch and have some really exciting news to share today.
We've developed and tested a completely rethought design that takes advantage of the 6-pin port underneath the band slide of the Apple Watch. This port hadn't been deciphered by anyone until now but we've been able to make significant enough observations so far to warrant shifting our development focus to this new method. We're looking forward to sharing more design details and technical specification of this new Reserve Strap as soon as we can.
Initial renderings of the new design (left) vs fully realized 3D model (right)
Originally announced by third-party developers Lane Musgrave and John Arrow back in early March, one of the biggest concerns of the battery-boosting accessory "Reserve Strap" was its use of the Apple Watch's heart rate sensor as a way to provide power to the wearable. Although it was unconfirmed, there was always a possibility of the Reserve Strap obstructing normal functions of the heart rate sensor, or causing the Watch to not function altogether by interfering with skin contact completely. Last week , after getting their hands on an Apple Watch, Musgrave and Arrow have gone back to the drawing board on the design of the Reserve Strap, coming up with a new look that acts as more of a traditional Apple-made band without blocking the heart rate sensor at all. The new Reserve Strap aims to use the 6-pin diagnostic port - hidden inside of the band port on the bottom of the Watch - as the main source of providing power to the device, shirking the heart rate sensor's magnetic inductive charging altogether.The company claims in its blog posts that its engineers have "been able to independently confirm that the 6-pin diagnostic port underneath the Apple Watch case can be used for charging." They continue by also noting the diagnostic port will allow for not only a higher charge capacity, but faster, more efficient charging times. The blog post also notes that the new method should improve durability of the strap as a whole and eliminate "any interference with Apple Watch functionality including taptic feedback and heartrate sensors."No word was given on the planned Kickstarter for the Reserve Strap, but those interested can still pre-order the device from the company's official website for $249.99. Color options will include white, gray and black, and customers will be able to choose between 38mm and 42mm strap sizes to fit their preferred Apple Watch size.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The haze has reached such high levels in Palangkaraya in Kalimantan that it has turned the air yellow
Indonesia is preparing warships and ferries in case it needs to evacuate children affected by haze caused by the country's forest fires.
Co-ordinating Security Minister Luhut Pandjaitan said an evacuation was one contingency among several others.
South-East Asia has been particularly hit hard this year by the haze, an annual occurrence.
It has caused serious health issues, particularly among those living in the epicentres Kalimantan and Sumatra.
Mr Pandjaitan said authorities had identified at least six provinces where children and babies could be evacuated, local media say, but any evacuation would depend on approval from President Joko Widodo.
Other options include moving residents to government offices equipped with air purifiers, Reuters news agency reports.
Hazy issue
Image copyright AFP
What causes South East Asia's haze?
Orangutans at risk
Why are peat lands burning?
Deadly cost of Indonesia's burning land
The haze is caused by farmers clearing land for plantations for the palm oil, pulp and paper industries, primarily in the Indonesian province of Kalimantan on Borneo and the island of Sumatra.
Residents in those areas have been living with hazardous levels of smoke in the past two months.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Military aircraft have been water-bombing affected areas
Indonesia has struggled to put out the fires, most of which are on peat land which burns for longer and produces more smoke than other fires.
US-based environmental research organisation World Resource Institute said earlier this week that the daily carbon emissions caused by the fires were surpassing the average emissions by the United States.
The haze has blanketed Singapore and Malaysia as well, straining diplomatic ties, and has recently drifted northwards to affect southern Thailand and the Philippines.
BII This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here.
Following a prolonged game of cat and mouse between Chinese bitcoin exchanges and the PBOC, its central bank and financial regulator, some clarity finally seems to be emerging.
Earlier this week, Zhou Xuedong, director of the PBOC's Business Administration unit, was reported by local media as saying the regulator would "adopt a forgiving attitude" toward domestic bitcoin exchanges for now, and establish an "observation period" to give them time to ensure they are compliant with financial regulations. Xuedong also said that eventually the PBOC would begin blacklisting exchanges that fail to correct any infringements.
The PBOC went on to specify the violations that would cause an exchange to be blacklisted. While some of these criteria relate to existing regulations, others are more bitcoin-specific. They include:
Offering leverage and margin trades
Artificially inflating trading volumes by not charging fees on bitcoin trades
Violating anti-money laundering (AML) or foreign exchange laws
Allowing customers to substitute bitcoin for fiat currency to purchase goods
Tax evasion
False advertising and participating in Ponzi schemes
Offering credit, securities, and futures trading without an appropriate license
everyone needs a little negative space
(spoilers for all movies discussed)
I.
The advertising campaign in the weeks leading up to the 2017 Oscars—that is, the #Oscarsowhite boycott, low budget underdog Moonlight vs. slick self-congratulatory La La Land, lines drawn based on tribal identity; “I even talked to a voter who gave Moonlight his top vote, sight unseen;” tension building up to a stunning (!!) last minute twist; an insipid academy in which Sean Penn is a voting member “held to task” instead of the people with actual power, i.e. the studios, i.e. us, the viewers—was annoying, to say the least.
Even so, I am grateful that I will only have to hear “Best Picture winner” and “La La Land” in the same sentence once.
What does white people courtship look like in the age of the internet? Well, OKCupid and asphyxiation, but it's hard to make a musical out of that one. So what is romance supposed to look like? According to Hollywood: love is someone who makes it so you never have to talk to anyone else.
1. Other People Don't Exist
There are only two human beings in La La Land: Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone. Ryan and Emma have motivations (opening a jazz club, acting) and foibles (Warhammer 40K, keyboard duster). The other characters that appear in the film have neither. Ryan's sister exists only in contrast to him: she is competent so that we can see that he is neurotic. Then she disappears. John Legend plays a pop jazz player so that Ryan can look downcast and mumble something about plebs. Emma Stone's roommates wear red, green, and yellow, so that Emma can wear blue.
The film's closest pass at non-solipsism is the opening number, in which a group of diverse and unrealistically polite Los Angelenos sing about coming to the city to chase their dreams.
[Young Man]
I hear ‘em ev'ry day
The rhythms in the canyons
That'll never fade away
The ballads in the barrooms
Left by those who came before
They say “you gotta want it more”
So I bang on ev'ry door
[Young Woman]
And even when the answer's “no”
Or when my money's running low
The dusty mic and neon glow
Are all I need
The film preempts the critique “how can you make a film about two white people navel gazing in the year 2016?” with this song's answer, “because everyone else is exactly the same.” Doubtful, but whatever—note that these traffic-bound palette swaps once again redound on Ryan & Emma. Transitive property: if our heroes succeed, so does the whole world.
Of course, it's not La La Land's job to be Synecdoche, Los Angeles. There's nothing wrong with making a romance that focuses very closely on the two leads—the Before Sunrise trilogy comes to mind. But even in those movies, the bit parts seemed to have existences independent from the main characters: an old couple fighting on the train, a disheveled poet smoking on the waterfront. No one in La La Land seems to understand object permanence. Perhaps that's why they don't have any friends.
2. Authenticity Is All You Need
Here's a plot that doesn't get used anymore: boy lies to girl, girl grows to like boy, lie is revealed, girl is heartbroken, boy renounces lie, boy proves his love by defeating Jack Black in a breakdancing competition, reconciliation, happy ending.
I'll grant that the above plot is awful, and I don't recommend that you base your relationships on deceit or anything else from the 90s. But you have to give that guy credit for trying. In La La Land, Emma has to make the first move, twice, for the plot to advance. Ryan then takes Emma to a jazz club (his interest) and invites her to see Rebel Without a Cause (also his interest). I'm not hating, Ryan Gosling is a charming man, they have chemistry, do what thou wilt, I'm just noting a cultural trend. In the olden days, the guy developed a crush and had to “win” the girl; in La La Land, the girl is attracted to the guy's character sheet, and the plot/romance advances as the guy lets her into his world. (You're The Worst is a good example of the same, as is Fifty Shades of Grey. Consider whether this represents an increase or decrease in female sexual power.)
This makes Emma Stone, despite her pellegrino bubbliness, the opposite of a Manic Pixie Dream Girl.
”…that bubbly, shallow cinematic creature that exists solely in the fevered imaginations of sensitive writer-directors to teach broodingly soulful young men to embrace life and its infinite mysteries and adventures.“ (Wiki)
Rather than convince [brooding, soulful] Ryan Gosling to join Zoroastrianism and wear PLUR bracelets, Emma Stone encourages him to go deeper into his narrowly defined dream. “If the masses don't get it, so be it!” Thank God this isn't a Darren Aronofsky film. And Ryan does the same for her—in light of Emma's failed auditions, he advises her to write a one-woman play, a suggestion that in most states is legal grounds for divorce.
But since this is Hollywood, literally and figuratively, both of them become wildly successful.
3. A Sense Of An Ending
Spoiler alert, Ryan and Emma don't end up together. They get something much better.
In the final scene, Emma (now a famous actress) and her husband (generic dude) stumble into Ryan's jazz club. He shoots her a glance (“this could be us, but you playin'”), taps out the recurring musical motif, and triggers a five minute Mulholland Drive dream sequence in which Emma imagines their hypothetical life together in space and etc. Look of mutual acknowledgement. Close.
The sad end was inevitable, just ask Titanic, happy endings aren't nearly as Oscar-worthy. A happy ending raises questions, namely, what next? Kids? Montessori schools? Home Depot? Chablis? Book club? Will you be able to sustain the passion that brought you this far? That's not romantic, that's terrifying.
The sad ending lets you idealize the relationship, imagining the emotional peaks without having to reckon with the flatline. And for the same reason, the sad ending serves as a lasting reminder of your own power. “I had her when she was beautiful. And I was the best she ever had.” Lost in her own memories, she's never going to tell you different.
II.
As usual, there's a person to blame for all this, and that person is Sofia Coppola.
Every one of the above tropes was codified by Lost In Translation. Most of the side characters didn't speak English, so no way were they going to get a second dimension. The movie is obsessed with authenticity: Scar Jo picks Bill Murray because he sees through the facade of whiskey commercials (unlike the Japanese, or her husband); Bill Murray escapes his fabric-cataloguing wife; the two of them retreat into each other's company in lieu of the outside world. And the ending—Bill Murray whispers something unheard, kisses his co-star, and the two of them part ways, leaving behind a bittersweet yet somehow self-aggrandizing memory.
Lost In Translation wasn't a musical, but its aesthetic was music video, shoegaze guitars and long dialogue-free shots of cityscape, #dream, #urban, #intimate. The movie's descendants (Her being the closest mimic) are no less dependent on the fuzz pedal. Like a Valentine's day mixtape, like an album put on pre-coitus, the music is chosen not to set the mood, but to soundtrack the scene for your future self. “When I look back on this, I want to feel…”
This is nice in small doses, sure. Lost In Translation had some good parts. La La Land wasn't my brand, but I can't knock the craft—the camera did some sick ollies, the song and dance routine was probably great if you're into platonic cuddling and Apples to Apples. I don't think these are bad movies, I just think you should be aware of what your unconscious is signing up for.
The underlying assumption of these films is that romance is best experienced in retrospect. You can spot the victims of this worldview by their Uniqlo flannel and sensitive eyes, constantly mourning some shower sex long past, lonely and even more so around others, unable to enjoy relationships until they implode, because then and only then are they understandable as stories. The underlying assumption is that if you wait long enough, love will find you, validate your disconnection from the human species, and depart without asking anything in return. These aren't romance movies, they're movies about the romance of movies. The comfort only lasts as long as the lights are dimmed.
Continuing Sonic's 25th anniversary celebrations, the world's very first Sonic and Build-A-Bear collaboration has been revealed.
Build-A-Bear's website has listed a new Sonic the Hedgehog plush priced at $35 which is available to buy immediately. The plush looks like a really great plush, despite its proportions being slightly off. An online exclusive limited stock bundle includes the Sonic plush, a gold ring accessory, and an exclusive print by Sonic Team. In addition to the Sonic plush, there's also a 13 inch Miles “Tails” Prower plush. You can purchase Tails online for $15. These plushies are a welcome addition to any collection.
If you already have a bear, you can purchase a Team Sonic t-shirt accessory which is compatible with other bears for $7. Furthermore, a Sonic-theme voice box is available for $7, which features the Special Stage music from Sonic 3.
So, is anyone planning on getting some merchandise from the Sonic and Build-A-Bear collaboration?
Sgt. Janick Gilbert, 34, of Baie-Comeau, Que., died in October 2011 during a rescue mission in Nunavut. (Canadian Forces)
A Canadian Forces search and rescue technician who died on a mission to save two Inuit hunters in 2011 will receive a posthumous award for his bravery this fall.
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) Award for Exceptional Bravery at Sea will be awarded to Sgt. Janick Gilbert posthumously, as well as to Master Cpl. Max Lahaye-Lemay and Master Cpl. Marco Journeyman, at a ceremony in London, England, in November 2012.
On Oct. 27, 2011, the three search and rescue technicians ventured into the Fury and Hecla Strait from a Hercules aircraft with a life-raft to save two men stranded in the icy waters near Igloolik, Nunavut.
The rescuers managed to save hunter David Aqqiaruq and his son, who had left Igloolik by boat the day before to hunt walrus, but reportedly had engine problems and called for help.
Gilbert, of Baie-Comeau, Que., died during the five-hour rescue.
"These brave men are truly deserving of this honour, and they embody the motto of all search and rescue technicians… That others may live," said Defence Minister Peter MacKay in a release.
"Tragically, Canada lost a hero in this daring rescue, and Sgt. Gilbert will receive the award posthumously."
Gilbert was not able to deploy his one-man life-raft after parachuting 600 metres into the Arctic waters.
According to a preliminary report released by the Canadian Forces in December 2011, had Gilbert landed the farthest away from the boat.
Legalizing Marijuana Decreases Fatal Opiate Overdoses, Study Shows
According to the American Academy of Pain Medicine, more than 100 million Americans suffer from chronic pain. In an effort to relieve that constant pain, the number of opiate prescriptions has nearly doubled over the last decade. Today, opiates like hydrocodone, oxycodone, and morphine flood the streets, driving up addiction rates and fatal opiate overdoses.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has officially labeled the problem an “opiate epidemic.” As experts scramble to come up with a plan that combats the nation's dependence on opiates, a new study published last week in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine indicates medical marijuana might be the key.
Over the past two decades, deaths from drug overdoses have become the leading cause of injury death in the United States. In 2011, 55 percent of drug overdose deaths were related to prescription medications; 75 percent of those deaths involved opiate painkillers. However, researchers found that opiate-related deaths decreased by approximately 33 percent in 13 states in the following six years after medical marijuana was legalized.
“The striking implication is that medical marijuana laws, when implemented, may represent a promising approach for stemming runaway rates of nonintentional opioid-analgesic-related deaths,” wrote opiate abuse researchers Dr. Mark S. Brown and Marie J. Hayes in a commentary published alongside the study.
Getting Down to the Numbers
Researchers looked at medical marijuana laws and death certificate data in all 50 states between the years of 1999 and 2010. During that time, only 13 states had medical marijuana laws in place. Researchers quickly noticed that the rates of fatal opioid overdoses were significantly lower in states that had legalized medical marijuana. In 2010 alone, states with legalized medical marijuana saw approximately 1,700 fewer opiate-related overdose deaths.
“We found there was about a 25 percent lower rate of prescription painkiller overdose deaths on average after implementation of a medical marijuana law,” lead study author Dr. Marcus Bachhuber said.
Marijuana and Chronic Pain
About 60 percent of the nation's fatal opioid overdoses occur among patients who have legitimate prescriptions for their medications. In states where medical marijuana is legal, however, a legitimate opiate user is able to significantly decrease his or her dosage, making overdose less likely.
Currently, 23 states and the District of Columbia have passed medical marijuana laws. Use of medicinal cannabis is approved for a number of conditions, including cancer, HIV, multiple sclerosis, and glaucoma. Despite the diagnosis, medical marijuana is primarily used to relieve chronic or severe pain. It's that pain-relieving effect that decreases the number of fatal opioid overdoses.
Major Pain-Relieving Components of Cannabis
In a 2011 study published in the journal Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics, researchers suggest the following medical marijuana components offer pain-relieving properties:
Delta-9 Tetrahydrocannabinol (Delta-9 THC)
Cannabidiol (CBD)
Cannabinol (CBN)
Tetrahydrocannabivarin (THCV)
Learn more about the signs and symptoms of prescription drug abuse.
Arab resident of Israeli city of Lod hospitalized after vicious assault, blames 'Jewish extremists' - but his story soon unravels.
An Arab resident of Lod in central was caught fabricating an alleged attack by "Jewish extremists" Sunday morning, as tension remain high over the murder of a young Palestinian child in a terror attack Friday.
Imad Abu Sharikh was hospitalized in moderate condition after being severely beaten by a gang of youths Sunday. Abu Sharikh told police he was heading to the mosque when three "right-wing extremists" attacking him, shouting "filthy Arab, expel all the Arabs!"
The report quickly made the rounds in the Israeli and Palestinian media, along with pictures of a bloodied and battered Abu Sharikh. The claim that he had been the victim of a racist attack by Jews was particularly sensitive, coming just two days after the death of Ali Dawabsha in an attack believed to have been carried out by Jewish extremists Friday.
The leader of the Arab Joint List party MK, Ayman Odeh, rushed to issue a condemnation and blame right-wing "incitement."
"Once again an Arab citizen (of Israel) was attacked for nationalistic motives, this time in Lod," Odeh said. "The racist, anti-democratic discourse of ministers and MKs from the Right gives a green light for thugs."
But while Abu Sharikh's wounds were indeed real, his story quickly proved to have been fabricated
Police soon arrested the three suspects - all of whom were Arab residents of the city.
As his version of events continued to unravel, police say it became clear the assault - which really did take place - was in fact the result of a family feud.
CCTV footage captured part of the attack:
Speaking to Arutz Sheva, Jewish residents of Lod - who themselves are often targeted in racist attacks by local Arab extremists - voiced their dismay at the rush by some media outlets to immediately buy Abu Sharikh's story without fact-checking.
"Again and again we get lectured by the media, while part of the media wants to only hear one side of the story," one resident told Arutz Sheva. "Day and night Jews are bullied in Lod, and if it even reaches the media no one dares to say out loud that the attackers are Arabs."
Getty Images
Ever since Jake Locker hurt his hip and knee in Week Four against the Jets, signs pointed to him making his return to the lineup after the Titans' bye in Week Eight.
That plan took a turn this week when Locker returned to practice and coach Mike Munchak refused to rule him out of the game. Locker practiced again on Friday and Jim Wyatt of the Tennessean reports that he took the majority of the reps in both individual and team drills.
Munchak said after practice that he hadn't made a decision about whether Locker or Ryan Fitzpatrick would start against San Francisco and that the team would be discussing it into the weekend. The coach knows that Locker has practiced well and that he wants to play, but said that the team had to weigh other concerns as well when making their choice because they don't want to put Locker back in the lineup too soon.
“Ryan is going forward like he is starting and I am sure Jake in his mind is [also],” Munchak said. “Jake wants it. I don't know that he'll be 100 percent honest with us, unfortunately. … He knows how important he is to team. But he understands what we have to do and he'll go by ultimately what we decide is best, even though he may not agree with us, because there's a lot of football to go this year. We want to make sure we are doing the right thing.”
Locker was off to a great start before his injury, completing 62.2 percent of his passes and throwing six touchdowns without an interception. Fitzpatrick hasn't been nearly as effective and the Titans have lost both of the games he's started after starting the year 3-1 in games started by Locker.
Experts highlight need for earlier diagnosis and improved access to treatments, as figures show UK healthcare spend is lower than the European average
Cancer survival rates in the UK continue to lag behind those of other European countries, research suggests, with experts flagging the need for earlier diagnosis and improved access to treatments.
The report is the latest to highlight the problem, with previous research suggesting that UK survival rates for breast cancer are a decade behind countries including France and Sweden.
“It is quite clear that outcomes in the vast majority of cancers are not where they need to be in the UK,” said Richard Torbett, executive director of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI), which funded the latest study.
The research, lead by the Swedish Institute for Health Economics, expands on previous work which looked at a number of studies to assess the state of cancer care across Europe between 1995 and 2014.
The latest findings, launched with a website to showcase the data, offer an in-depth analysis of the UK situation, revealing that the number of new cases of cancer between 1995 and 2012 increased by 31% in total across Europe, and 12% in the UK.
The study suggests that although cancer survival rates have increased over the years, the UK's improvements often lag behind those of other European countries.
With the exception of a type of skin cancer known as melanoma, the average adult five-year survival rates for patients diagnosed with nine other types of cancer between 2000 and 2007, were lower in the UK than the European average. While the five-year survival rates for colon cancer hit 58% on average across Europe, the figure for the UK was 52%.
What's more, the UK was second only to Bulgaria for the worst five-year survival rates for lung cancer, with UK figures for patients diagnosed between 2000-2007 also below those for countries including Norway and Sweden for cases diagnosed around a decade earlier.
Analysis of 2014 figures further showed that while the UK spent 9.1% of its GDP on healthcare in 2014, the European average was 10.1%. Looking specifically at cancer spending, compared to countries including France, Denmark, Austria and Ireland, the UK spent less on cancer per person, with Germany spending almost twice as much per head.
“That investment covers everything: that is, from diagnosis through to surgery, radiotherapy, medicines are obviously included in that – but so is everything else,” said Torbett. “It is not particularly surprising that, if there is significant under-investment, the UK isn't seeing the scale and speed of benefits that are seen in some of these other European countries.”
The report also highlighted that the UK is lagging behind other large European countries, including France and Germany, in the uptake of new drugs.
With cancer now a greater disease burden than cardiovascular disease in the UK, experts say more needs to be done.
“While we have seen really big improvements in our survival in areas like breast cancer, prostate cancer and testicular cancer, there are some other cancers like lung, pancreatic, brain and oesophageal cancers where we really haven't made as much progress as we would like,” said Emlyn Samuel, senior policy manager at Cancer Research UK.
While Samuel stressed that improving early diagnosis is an important part of improving survival rates, he added that it is also crucial to make sure that new drugs and other treatments are available and accessible to patients. “The report shows that the UK is slower at adopting innovative cancer medicines than other countries and that is a concern, and something we want to see movement on,” he said.
Lynda Thomas, chief executive at Macmillan Cancer Support, agreed but added that it isn't enough to look only at survival rates. “It's crucial that patients don't simply survive but are supported to have the best possible quality of life they can,” she said.
A spokeswoman for NHS England said cancer survival is at a “record high” in England, and pointed out that a report, commissioned by NHS England and published in 2015 by an independent cancer taskforce, highlighted that improving cancer outcomes in the UK was not simply a case of pushing more funding into the pharmaceutical industry.
“The ABPI is hardly a disinterested commentator and it should have the intellectual honesty to acknowledge what the independent cancer taskforce set out, namely that the biggest opportunities for further improvements in UK cancer survival currently come mainly from earlier diagnosis, and modern radiotherapy and surgery, as against just higher spending on cancer drugs with a modest impact on life expectancy,” she said.
<object width="640" height="391" id="embed" classid="clsid:d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000"><param name="movie" value="http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com/mediaPortal/embed.swf" /><param name="quality" value="high" /><param name="wmode" value="window" /><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true" /><param name="allowScriptAccess" value="always" /><param name="flashVars" value="catid=4604&id=2120807&img=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com//pics33/640/EX/EXCAJRHWJLWNFOR.20130406192850.jpg&server=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com/XML/titanv3/&pageurl=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com//mediaPortal/&jtv=6100&skin=6100&gaa=UA-8527997-2&sitename=jtvs.6100.arkansasrazorbacks&adpath=N12906217" /><embed name="embed" pluginspage="http://www.adobe.com/go/getflashplayer" src="http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com/mediaPortal/embed.swf" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="640" height="391" quality="high" wmode="window" allowFullScreen="true" allowScriptAccess="always" flashVars="catid=4604&id=2120807&img=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com//pics33/640/EX/EXCAJRHWJLWNFOR.20130406192850.jpg&server=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com/XML/titanv3/&pageurl=http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com//mediaPortal/&jtv=6100&skin=6100&gaa=UA-8527997-2&sitename=jtvs.6100.arkansasrazorbacks&adpath=N12906217"></embed></object>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Word I've never used in a story til today: Reggae ... Bielema treated fans to music from his iPod during early portions of practice.</p>— Robbie Neiswanger (@NWARobbie) <a href="https://twitter.com/NWARobbie/status/320629771493064704">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Here's a link to unofficial stats of the 101-play scrimmage.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Hogs complete 101-play scrimmage in about 1:20. Strong running by @<a href="https://twitter.com/jwillpart2">jwillpart2</a> and strong goal line work. D-line played very well</p>— Thomas Murphy (@TomMurphyADG) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMurphyADG/status/320605566726709248">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: Defensively, I thought we were a little slow out of the gate. They have to learn the first snap is as good as the 60th snap.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320607422349725697">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bret Bielema after today's scrimmage: Goal-line is a mentality and I thought the offense brought it down there.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320606833867911169">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Brandon Allen worked with the 1st team and went 9-for-13 for 97 yds with a TD, INT; Brandon Mitchell 7-for-16, 67 yds, INT</p>— Robbie Neiswanger (@NWARobbie) <a href="https://twitter.com/NWARobbie/status/320605974803140608">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: I thought B. Allen moved forward today...B. Mitchell continues to impress me he is a competitor...all our qbs are making progress</p>— Nicole Muracco (@5NEWSNicole) <a href="https://twitter.com/5NEWSNicole/status/320608217413582848">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Both top QBs threw a pick: Allen intercepted by E. Bennett in end zone; Carroll Washington picked Mitchell, and Ray Buchanan INT of Reed</p>— Thomas Murphy (@TomMurphyADG) <a href="https://twitter.com/TomMurphyADG/status/320606023939399682">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Coach Bielema praises Jonathan Williams for his effort today and becoming a more complete back. He had 85 yards on 16 carries</p>— Dudley E. Dawson (@Dedsports) <a href="https://twitter.com/Dedsports/status/320607330502852610">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: Small brings an attitude to our offense that you can't put a price tag on ...I'm excited about him</p>— Nicole Muracco (@5NEWSNicole) <a href="https://twitter.com/5NEWSNicole/status/320608805702483968">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Jevontee Herndon and Keon Hatcher both took big shots during the scrimmage and both were shaken up, but both are okay and came back.</p>— Dudley E. Dawson (@Dedsports) <a href="https://twitter.com/Dedsports/status/320607638629019648">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: I've been very impressed with Jarrett Lake and Robert Atiga... That's a position that's going to continue to grow.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320609862390280193">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Austin Jones could probably play all three LB positions, especially mike. - Bret Bielema</p>— Ugly Uncle (@uglyuncle) <a href="https://twitter.com/uglyuncle/status/320608444908441600">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: Austin Jones is always in the right place he is extremely intelligent</p>— Nicole Muracco (@5NEWSNicole) <a href="https://twitter.com/5NEWSNicole/status/320608397277949953">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: From the first time I saw Otha Peters move and work out, there was something in him I really like.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320610059338014720">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Coach Bielema: AJ Turner is limited, but it was good to get him out there. Loves what he sees out of linebacker Austin Jones</p>— Dudley E. Dawson (@Dedsports) <a href="https://twitter.com/Dedsports/status/320608353661382656">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: I'm very excited about Darius Philon. He had to earn his way back with us a little bit. I think he's going to continue to grow.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320609008157335552">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: Every person looks at Travis Swanson with nothing but the greatest respect.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320610792108085249">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>Bielema: A major emphasis in strength training was lower body strength so our offensive line can move people.</p>— Bo Mattingly (@SportsTalkwBo) <a href="https://twitter.com/SportsTalkwBo/status/320608632012156928">April 6, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Here's the recap from UA:
FAYETTEVILLE - The University of Arkansas football team continued spring practice on Saturday with a workout inside Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium. The team scrimmaged in front of hundreds of Arkansas fans. The team also met with local children from the Big Brothers, Big Sisters club, taking pictures and signing autographs.
After practice, Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema spoke to the media. He talked about the day's practice and Saturday's scrimmage.
"Today started out perfect," Coach Bielema said. "The kids were pumped and excited about having practice be open to the fans. They brought good energy and high tempo in the good weather. We are making tremendous strides"
The Razorbacks opened practice Saturday by playing reggae music over the loudspeakers. Coach Bielema discussed the positive impact that had on the team.
"I liked the music," Coach Bielema said. "It's nice because the kids love it. It gets the kids popping, so that's why we like to do it."
Coach Bielema also talked about his coaching philosophies, the positive moments from the day's practice, and how the team is improving.
"There were a lot of positive things," Coach Bielema said. "There was a lot of good learning and good teaching out there. They are competing and playing very hard. I'm really excited about this group."
Practice continues next week with workouts scheduled for Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Arkansas' spring practices culminate in the Red-White Spring Game, sponsored by Cox, on April 20 at 2 p.m. inside Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium. Admission to the game is
free.
Floridians, rejoice.
Sahlen's will begin selling its signature smokehouse hot dogs in the sunshine state.
The Howard Street company struck a deal with Florida-based Publix Super Markets to sell Western New York favorites at all 772 of its locations in Florida. The state is widely populated with Western New York transpats and snowbirds.
"There has been a high demand for our hot dogs to expand to the southeast for some time and we are happy to finally be able to welcome a local favorite to more regions," said Mark Battistoni, Sahlen's vice president of sales and marketing.
The hot dogs will be available in the traditional pork and beef formulation as well as a new all-beef version. They will be sold in one-pound packages with a new "Get Grillin'" logo and are expected to be available Friday.
The company will carry the hot dogs chainwide at all 1,131 of its stores. That means the hot dogs will be available in Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina and Tennessee as well.
Consumers in North Carolina have already been enjoying Sahlen's since last year, when the hot dogs landed in 60 Harris Teeter stores. Sahlen's said it specifically targeted the Charlotte area, which is home to lots of former Western New Yorkers.
Sahlen's hot dogs also became available in Florida in 2014 when Casa Di Pizza expanded to Bradenton and put them on the menu.
email: schristmann@buffnews.com
That took some guts. On Tuesday morning, Charlie Sheen sat down with Matt Lauer on the Today show to open up about a shocking secret. “I am, in fact, HIV-positive,” he confessed right out the gate.
The resident Hollywood bad boy looked healthy and relieved as he spoke about his diagnosis four years ago and what led him to make the announcement now.
“I have to put a stop to this barrage of attacks and sub-truths and very harmful and mercurial stories that are about me that threaten the health of so many others,” he said. “[It] couldn't be farther from the truth.”
Sheen, now 50, described a horrible series of headaches that led him to a series of tests and, ultimately, the diagnosis. “I thought I had a brain tumor. I thought it was over,” he said. “It's a hard three letters to absorb. It's a turning point in one's life.”
In an open letter released immediately following the TV appearance, Sheen admits his “profound substance abuse and fathomless drinking” was “a suicide run.”
“The news was a ‘mule kick' to my soul,” he writes. “Those impossible words I absorbed and then tried to convince myself, that I was stuck, suspended, or even stranded inside some kind of alternate reality or nightmare, were to the absolute contrary. I was awake. It was true… reality.”
That his public meltdown also led to his being kicked off Two and a Half Men, though Sheen insisted to Lauer that the whole mess was due to a “'roid rage” more than anything else.
Related: Brooke Mueller Confirms She and Kids are HIV Negative
According to the timeline, the diagnosis came shortly after his marriage to Brooke Mueller ended, and Sheen said he immediately reached out to her to be tested. The star later noted that, as of this moment, he doesn't entirely know how he contracted the virus, but he's currently taking a so-called “triple cocktail” of pills every day to manage it.
Sheen, who was once one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood, also confessed that he's been paying people to keep his secret, and the “shakedowns” have been adding up, now “enough to bring it into the millions,” he said. “What people forget is that's money that they're taking from my children. I've got five kids and a granddaughter, you know?”
What's more, Sheen insisted that while he did hire “the companionship of unsavory and insipid types” — as quoted from a letter he'd given the host before the interview began — he always wore condoms and was honest with them about his condition. (This is basically a direct contrast to Hollywood publicist Howard Bragman, who told People that part of the star's reluctance to go public stemmed from “a fear of litigation from former sexual partners.”)
Related: Charlie Sheen Writes That His HIV Diagnosis Nearly Drove Him to Suicide
Sheen later went on to say it was “impossible” that he'd knowingly or unknowingly transmitted the virus to any of his sexual partners — even the two people he had unprotected sex with. According to Sheen, both of those parties had been under the care of his doctor at the time and were fully aware of his condition in advance. He also insisted that since receiving his diagnosis, he'd told every one of his partners about his status in advance of sexual activity.
Dr. Robert Huizenga, an associate professor of clinical medicine at UCLA and one of the doctors currently treating Sheen, however, one of Sheen's claims. “Individuals who are optimally treated, who have undetectable viral loads, who responsibly use protection have an incredibly low — it's incredibly rare to transmit the virus,” he explained, “[but] we can't say it's zero.”
Lauer questioned why the actor would continue to have so-called unsavory types around him after he started handing out hush money. “I was doing a lot of drugs,” Sheen replied. “I was drinking way too much, and I was making really bad decisions.”
Lauer then asked, point-blank, whether Sheen was still paying these types of people. “Not after today, I'm not,” he quipped. “I release myself from this prison today.”
Story continues
In this article, I'll explain how to get started with QtCAM, open source Linux webcam software. QtCAM has more than 10 image control settings, displaying frame rate achieved, color space switching, and extension settings. With these features and its user-friendly interface, QtCAM might be the right choice for your Linux webcam software needs.
QtCAM source code is available on GitHub under the GNU General Public License.
Installing and launching QtCAM
On Linux, you can install QtCAM from the source code available on GitHub. For installation in Ubuntu 12.04, run the following commands in the terminal:
$ sudo apt-add-repository ppa:qtcam/precise
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install qtcam
To launch QtCAM in Ubuntu, run the command $ sudo qtcam in the terminal.
Features
QtCAM features include:
enumeration and selection of camera device
still capture
video recording
camera settings
extension settings
Enumeration and selection of camera device
The application will only emulate USB devices connected to the system. The list of connected devices (you can connect up to a maximum of six cameras) is displayed in the "device connected" combo box. You can select any of the connected cameras and the corresponding preview will be displayed.
Preview will not be displayed if the camera is busy (i.e., it is opened by another application, such as Skype) or if there are two instances of QtCAM and both have the same camera selected.
Still capture
By default QtCAM will open in still capture mode; clicking on the camera icon also switches it to still capture mode. To capture still images, either click on the capture image icon or on the preview. The image will then be saved in the directory path selected in the image location available under the Still Capture Settings menu.
The default name format for the captured file will be QtCAM-YY_MM_DD:hh_mm_ss-x plus the image extension format selected. "x" refers to image number updated when multiple images are shot within a second. The supported image types are JPG, PNG, BMP, and RAW. All image resolutions supported by the connected USB camera will be displayed.
Video recording
After you switch the application from Capture Mode to Video Mode by clicking on the video icon, you can record videos or see their preview. You can select the required frame rate, video color space, preview resolution, video encoder format, video container, and the location during the preview. Above the About menu is the Current Frame Rate Achieved feature, which displays FPS achieved. Select the record icon available in the sidebar to start and stop recording and the video will be saved in the directory path selected in the video location available under the Video Capture Settings menu. During video recording, you cannot change the preview resolution and camera device.
The default name format for the recorded file will be QtCAM-YY_MM_DD:hh_mm_ss , plus the video record extension format. The supported video formats are .mkv and .avi and the supported encoder formats are YUV, MJPEG, H264, and VP8.
Camera settings
Select Image Quality Settings in the sidebar control menu to display all the available camera control settings. Sliders are used for all the control menus and, depending on the camera connected, the control menus vary. Those controls that are not supported by the connected camera would be grayed out and you will not be able to configure them. Based on the position of the slider marker, the value set will be displayed in the text box next to it. The preview will also change according to the values, and you can adjust the sliders until you reach the desired output.
The various controls on the application include brightness, contrast, saturation, white balance, sharpness, gamma, gain, exposure, hue, power line frequency, and focus.
Extension settings
Some cameras might have additional controls and/or features that are not included in the standard UVC controls, such as various focus modes, reading focus positions, controlling general purpose I/O pins, and selecting flash and torch modes, which are listed under Extension Controls in the Extension Settings tab. (This setting, however, is applicable only for e-con's range of USB cameras.)
Hardware default
To reset all the changes you have made using the Camera Settings menu, click on the Hardware Default button under the Image Quality Settings menu and all control values and the preview will be set to the default mode.
Firmware version
The current firmware version running on the camera could be seen by pressing this button at the end of Camera Settings menu.
Hot keys
Pressing I on the keyboard captures the image.
on the keyboard captures the image. Left and right arrow keys open and close the sidebar, respectively.
The Tab key can be used to navigate between menus.
Now you should be ready to get started using QtCAM. Let us know what you think of the program in the comments below.
Nearly 10 years ago, Excite founder Joe Kraus, now an investor at Google Ventures, declared “there has never been a better time to be an entrepreneur.” Kraus was talking about the economics of startups—the cheapness of servers, networks, and other raw ingredients of computing.
A decade later, Andreessen Horowitz investor Sam Gerstenzang has one-upped Kraus. In a recent blog post, he argues that it's not just costs that are at historic lows. So, too, is the level of competence required to engineer a product.
In other words, even an engineering nobody can start a company.
No Money? No Problem!
While it seems quaint now, it used to be expensive to build an app and start a company around it. Hardware was expensive. Software was expensive. Storage was expensive.
Engineers, however, were relatively cheap.
As Kraus noticed in 2005, however, things were starting to change. By that time “hardware [had] literally become 100X cheaper…. Back in the Excite days, we had to buy proprietary Sun hardware and Sun hard drive arrays…. Today, we buy generic Intel boxes provided by one of a million different suppliers.”
Furthermore, he wrote, “back in 1993 we had to buy and continue to pay for maintenance on everything we needed just to build our service—operating systems, compilers, web servers, application servers, databases. You name it.”
“Not only was it costly,” he writes, but “the need to negotiate licenses took time and energy.”
By 2005, however, “Free, open source infrastructure [was] the norm,” with the ability to “get it anytime and anywhere.”
As a result, “More people can and will be entrepreneurs than ever before” because “a lot more people can raise $100,000 than raise $3,000,000.”
Developers Don't Get Cheaper
One thing Kraus didn't mention, however, was that even as other costs got cheaper, the cost of a good developer kept going up. The relative cost of a hiring a developer and acquiring storage, for example, looks like this:
In 1985, storage was a key expense, running $100,000 per gigabyte, while a developer could expect to get paid $28,000 per year.
By 2013, things had changed considerably. Now storage is cheap, costing $0.05 per GB. Developers, on the other hand, are expensive: $90,000 per year.
Today, engineering pay is at an all-time high, and rising fast:
According to Gerstenzang, whose firm has backed Instagram, Pinterest, and other big Internet names, that may be about to change.
The Rise Of The Average Developer
Citing the acquisitions of engineer-light and user-heavy companies like Snapchat and Instagram, Gerstenzang posits that “fewer engineers and dollars to ship code to more users than ever before” is “the new normal,” making “the potential impact of the lone software engineer … soar[].”
And as impact goes, so does cost.
However, Gerstenzang notes that much of the hardest engineering is now done for developers: Amazon Web Services and other platform or infrastructure providers abstract away the most difficult engineering problems, making it easier to code—or downright unnecessary:
[T]he barriers to becoming a code creator are falling fast. The same software foundation (open source software, development tools like Github, infrastructure as a service provided by the likes of Digital Ocean, and more) that allowed Whatsapp and Imgur to scale, means that experience and skill writing software become less important. An individual can now scale a web app to millions of users with Digital Ocean, Heroku and AWS (perhaps coordinated by Mesosphere). It no longer requires a sophisticated understanding of MySQL parameters to scale a database on Google App Engine, just as it no longer requires a knowledge of the CPU chip it's all chugging away on.
In other words, there has never been a better time to be average.
Sure, there will still be a need for “10x engineers,” those superwomen and supermen that are “still needed to build the foundation [e.g., infrastructure].” But, he concludes, “[A]s we build out the common foundation, the skill and experience an individual needs to accomplish a task on top of the platform decreases.”
Not only does it decrease, but it may actually go away:
Today, if you have a great idea for a software product, you need to either be an engineer or find one. Tomorrow, that billion-dollar startup acquisition might not need an engineer at all.
For the English majors of the world, life just got much better.
Alex Morgan is rumored to be the next big-name signing by the Sounders Women, sources close to the situation have indicated to Sounder at Heart. Her signing could be announced next week.
Morgan was arguably the breakout star of the most recent Women's World Cup, scoring goals in both the semifinal and final for the United States women's national team. She also assisted on Abby Wambach's extra-time goal in the final, which the U.S. eventually lost to Japan in a shootout. The 22-year-old already has 16 international goals in just 32 appearances and was the youngest player on the U.S. World Cup roster.
The signing would make a lot of sense, even though Morgan was listed as playing in the WPSL in a recent press release. Morgan's WPS team, the Western New York Flash, have joined the WPSL, but there now appears to be no mention of Morgan on the WPSL website. Further evidence that would point to Morgan's joining the Sounders is that she's currently dating Seattle Sounders FC midfielder Servando Carrasco. She would also be joining United States teammates Hope Solo and Sydney Leroux, whose signings were announced on Feb. 14.
The trio is expected to suit up about eight times for the Sounders. They will likely play four regular-season home matches, one away match and three exhibition games. The season-opener is currently scheduled for May 20 at Starfire Sports Complex. The team is still trying to rearrange parts of its schedule to help accomodate these players' international duties, as well as avoid some conflicts with Sounders FC. Those changes are expected to be finalized next week.
Morgan's signing would just be the latest example of the current state of women's professional soccer. A year ago, she, as well well as Solo, was playing in the fully professional WPS and the Sounders were essentially an amateur club playing in the W-League, which was the second-highest women's league in the U.S. pyramid. Now, many of the WPS's top players -- and even full teams -- are choosing between opportunities in the W-League and the rival WPSL. Both leagues will feature pros playing alongside amateurs.
Curt Schilling talks about his ESPN dismissal and politics during SiriusXM's Breitbart News Patriot Forum hosted Stephen K. Bannon and co-host Alex Marlow at the SiriusXM Studio on April 27, 2016 in New York, New York. (Photo by Cindy Ord/Getty Images for SiriusXM)
Philadelphia (CBS) – Former Major League Baseball pitcher Curt Schilling stated he believes that 80 to 85 percent of professional athletes are conservatives.
Schilling made the statement during an interview with Chris Stigall on Talk Radio 1210 WPHT, citing few athletes that expressed support for Hillary Clinton and are drawn to conservatism through the appreciation of hard work.
“Look around professional sports and look at how many athletes there are and look at how many have come out and spoke out in favor of Clinton or in favor of liberals. They are because it's mainstream in the public eye to do that right now. All the rest are, for the most part, are conservative because you don't come out and speak about stuff like that…It's work ethic,” Schilling said. “To get where they go, to get where a professional athlete gets, you have to work your a** off your entire life. You understand and appreciate an incredibly hard day's work that, hopefully, will pay off in the future.”
He addressed the end of his time working for ESPN, saying they were dishonest about the reason he was fired and defended comments he made while working there.
“What I care about is that they lie about it. ESPN fires me for, apparently, being intolerant because I was actually commenting around the fact men should use the men's room and women should use women's room. Apparently, that was enough, the straw that broke the camel's back,” Schilling explained. “Then, they come out and act as if they are a tolerant group and they've gone full mental since then. They've gone way over the edge on the left, having a tribute to Obama after his last day in office, which gave me acid reflux.”
Schilling, who now hosts an internet radio show for the political site Breitbart, also discussed the surprise resignation of President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn, not believing the affair rose the the level that would require removal from office.
“I'm incredibly disappointed about Gen. Flynn and what's happened. I think that, in and of itself, it's a bad sign organizationally,” Schilling said. “I'm disappointed that the team didn't do a better job. I don't think it's an offense he should've resigned over. Politics is not a land of second opportunities unless you're a liberal and you've committed a crime. Then everybody wants to feel sorry for you and make sure you get a second chance. That's the only way you can explain Marion Barry or any of the frauds. It's the only way you can explain Hillary Clinton.”
Story highlights Economic crises appear to have driven a wedge through the eurozone
Tension, resentment are growing between some of the countries involved in bailouts
National governments are also a common target for popular anger
Experts say the eurozone is flawed but too important to give up on
When the euro became official tender 12 years ago, it was hailed as an economic and social savior , "the beginning of a strong European Union," according to the EU's top official at the time.
But now, in the middle of several economic crises, its effectiveness is coming into question.
"The euro was sold to Europeans by politicians as a brilliant way of integrating Europe more. The irony is that it has had exactly the opposite effect," said Harvard historian Niall Ferguson. "It is causing the disintegration of Europe."
There is considerable tension growing between two sets of nations in the eurozone. On one side are struggling countries, such as Greece and Italy, that are badly in need of economic rescue. On the other side are countries, such as France and Germany, that are funding bailouts and demanding tough austerity measures in return.
"Right now, things between the Germans and the Greeks, I don't think it's an exaggeration to say this is the worst it's been since Germany invaded Greece in 1940 in the war," said Clay Clemens, a professor of government at the College of William & Mary. "The rhetoric on both sides, it's toned down a little simply because I think the politicians at the top realized we have got to restrain ourselves.
"But a couple months ago, there were German politicians sort of saying well, if the Greeks don't have any money, they can lease some islands as collateral. And that of course only fueled those in Greece, who talked about Nazis in Berlin. That relationship is always a bit strained, but it's really gone now."
It's not just the politicians who are angry, said Eleanor Zeff, an associate professor of politics and international relations at Drake University.
Zeff was in Greece this summer and spoke to many people who expected Germany, the largest economy in Europe and the biggest financier of the Greek bailout, to show more support and understanding for the strict cutbacks it was calling for. "Boy, they hated the Germans," Zeff said.
But in Germany, there has been significant opposition to bailing out Greece at all. It was very difficult for Chancellor Angela Merkel to get a consensus behind the idea of letting struggling countries "off the hook," Clemens said.
The result is a divided eurozone and perhaps its first real test.
"What it's testing is the sort of hope, I guess, that the EU had when it went into the euro: that a common currency and common bank and a few things like that would be enough to bring everybody together," Zeff said. "And in fact, it looks like it isn't quite enough. ...
"With economic growth, everyone was benefiting. But when the economic downturn came about, some countries ended up not benefiting, and then that sort of pulled people apart."
Governments are also being pulled apart. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is expected to step down after austerity measures are approved in his country. He would be the fourth prime minister in the eurozone to give up power this year, following George Papandreou (Greece), Jose Socrates (Portugal) and Brian Cowen (Ireland).
"The economic consequences of a single currency are so negative for so many people in the eurozone that there is a full-blown backlash under way," said Ferguson, the Harvard historian. "The national governments are the prime target for popular anger, which is why so many of them are being overthrown."
Too big to fail?
Many experts agree that a major problem with the eurozone is a lack of control and enforcement power. Seventeen countries share a common currency, but all 17 have their own fiscal policies.
"Essentially, they can't keep all these countries in line," Zeff said.
Ferguson said the eurozone was also inherently divisive because not everyone in the European Union joined it. There are 27 members of the EU today, 10 of which do not use the euro.
But for all its shortcomings, many agree it's too late to go back now.
"The disruptive effect of dismantling the eurozone and restoring national currencies has to be in the mind-boggling category," Ferguson said. "Just take Greece as an example. If you say, 'OK, we're going back to the drachma, people,' every single company that owes people outside Greece money is bankrupt instantly. And the only way to solve that would be through all kinds of painful legal wrangles.
"It's much harder to dismantle this thing than it was to assemble it. And that was what we warned about at the time, those of us who were critical. We said the problem with this is you have no exit."
Even amid the anger and the growing resentment, most Europeans understand the importance of the eurozone's success, Clemens said.
"They realize pragmatically that the euro brings benefits," he said. "They also realize the cost of really removing yourself from the euro is just unimaginable -- what it would be for them individually and what it would be for Europe as a whole."
So what is the solution? It could be major changes to the way the eurozone is run. The European Central Bank could behave more like the Federal Reserve in the United States, Ferguson said. Countries might have to give up some national sovereignty for an across-the-board fiscal policy. But then what about the 10 EU countries that aren't in the eurozone?
"My hypothesis is that the euro will survive, because it's so expensive to get rid of it," Ferguson said. "But the EU will be a casualty. ... We may find ourselves in a weird situation where the euro survives, but the EU, the bigger entity, begins to fall apart."
The Fifa Women's World Cup kicks off in Canada next week and it is a big deal for Sweden, where the team's football games and results are regularly shown on mainstream television channels and the squad is in with a chance of winning the tournament, as its coach Pia Sundhage recently told The Local.
TV4, the broadcaster with the rights to the Canadian contest wants to demonstrate its support of gender equality by calling the competition simply 'VM i fotboll' (VM is short for Världsmästerskap, which means World Cup).
But Fifa has warned the channel that it could be in breach of contract unless it uses its preferred full title, the 'Fifa Women's World Cup' (or 'FIFA dam-VM' in Swedish).
TV4's Head of Sport Fredrik Olofson told The Local that his production team wanted "to send the signal that we look at it [the contest] as a World Cup - give it an equal status to the men's World Cup".
He said that the channel was holding "ongoing discussions" with Fifa about the issue along with Norwegian public broadcaster NRK, which is also in favour of a more gender neutral description of the contest.
But he added: "We don't work in ways which threaten one another."
"I think we both really want the same thing, and that is to increase the status of womens soccer. Fifa at the same time wants to be clear about their brands which is understandable. But I'm sorry they haven't seen the upside of our suggestion as a strong signal of how we should look at soccer as one sport," he said.
Meanwhile one of the country's top sports journalists and bloggers Patrik Ekwall turned to Twitter to express his outrage.
Fifa har nu beslutat att TV4 måste säga "FIFA dam-VM". Bara "VM i fotboll" ej tillåtet. Om det är sant? Japp. På riktigt. — Patrick Ekwall (@Ekwall) May 27, 2015
Sweden player Nilla Fischer, who is based in Wolfsburg, Germany, tweeted: "I am going to play the World Cup anyway, and nothing else!".
Jag ska spela VM i alla fall och inget annat! — Nilla Fischer (@fischer_nilla) May 28, 2015
It is the second time this week that Swedish women's football has caused a stir. On Tuesday the team launched their new slogan for the contest in Canada, using the hash tag #klappaförsverige and an unfortunate translation #clapforsweden.
'Clap' in English is another word for gonorrhoea and the side later said it would look into another more family friendly phrase.
READ ALSO: Fifa head says he will expel guilty officials
Meanwhile Fifa remains in the global headlines amid claims of corruption surrounding the bidding process for the (men's) World Cup tournaments in 2018 in Russia and 2022 in Qatar.
Fifa's President Sepp Blatter said on Wednesday that he welcomed investigations into the scandal by both US and Swiss authorities saying they would "help to reinforce measures that Fifa has already taken to root out any wrongdoing in football."
Reacting to the allegations, Olofson told The Local that he felt the sporting body would struggle to regain global respect following the allegations.
"Rebuilding the trust will be a huge issue and will hopefully force the push of a new and democratic movement that football needs and deserves," he said.
M@
Things To Do In The Olympic Park: Phone Box Art
Look out for these dissected and reassembled phone boxes, dotted around the Olympic Park. As works of sculpture, they are eye-catching, bold and oh-so-London. But a closer inspection reveals that they're more than simply shuffled kiosks.
Each contains tiny raised writing around the window frames, giving historical background to the immediate surroundings. By 'historical', we're not talking major battles or the coronation of kings, but the recent industrial past of the site, now swept away by Olympic developments. For example:
From this spot could once be seen the legendary Fridge Mountain of Hackney Wick. This local landmark – a precarious pile of steel, white plastic and insulating foam — was one of Europe's largest dumps of discarded refrigerators.
Very little information can be found about the kooky kiosks online, although bdonline attributes them to AOC architects.
Other Things To Do In The Olympic Park
A dual world that morphs at your command, affecting gameplay, graphics and music.
Features a two-sided retro/metal soundtrack by Chris Huelsbeck and Machinae Supremacy.
Challenging yet fair platforming with tight controls and fast-paced gameplay.
Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams now includes Dream Rush, a multiplayer arena racing mode that pits up to four players against each other in local PvP, speed-running in an effort to push each other off the screen with the help of boosters and power-ups. Smash through all obstacles! Run, dash, jump, head bonk, fire cannonballs and barrages of bullets onto your opponents. Switch the level layout on the fly as you rush through dreamgates. Collect gems to fill your speed booster and use your power-ups to knock out the other players!Delving deep into forgotten dreams, a teenage Giana seeks her lost sister. As the dreams shift, so does Giana's mood, altering her powers. The cartoonish nightmares of her childhood amuse her now, and she mocks them, lightly twirling over ghosts and demons. On the other hand, the bright lollipop dreams she used to love so much annoy her to no end, making her want to smash things, be it a brick wall or a fuzzy little bunny. Use your skills, speed and brains to twist Giana's dreams to your advantage and defeat the bosses that guard each realm!Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a platformer with dual personas: one cute and dainty and the other punky and cynical. Twirl your way over obstacles or dash ‘n' bash your way through them. Fight bosses of gigantic proportions to the tune of a dual-sided retro/metal soundtrack!
One of New Zealand's top comedians has been criticised by a health expert for his anti-vaccination comments.
Flight of the Conchords star Jemaine Clement waded into Jim Carrey's anti-vaccination Twitter rant on Wednesday, sending more than 20 tweets defending the actor's "debate" on the controversial topic.
Immunisation Advisory Centre director and senior lecturer of general practice and primary health care, Dr Helen Petousis-Harris, described Clement's tweets as "a load of nonsense".
A load of nonsense that was potentially damaging, given his public profile.
READ MORE: Jim Carrey goes on anti-vax rant
"Rumour can be damaging," Petousis-Harris said. "It can always have an impact on some people who suddenly become concerned about something that is actually untrue."
Carrey, who has previously dated anti-vaccination activist Jenny McCarthy, posted a series of angry messages to his 14 million followers accusing the Californian government of being a "corporate fascist".
The 53-year-old later back-pedalled and said he was not anti-vaccination but anti-neurotoxins (citing thiomersal).
Clement also said he was "not promoting anti-vaccination" but "defending investigation".
He went on to say "pressure groups are important" in the right to demand regulation.
In response to Clement's argument that people should continue to question the safety of vaccines, Petousis-Harris said it seemed Clement was implying that was not the case.
"It's always right to keep assessing the safety of vaccines, which we do. He's making a straw man argument.
"He's suggesting that doesn't happen, but it happens all the time, globally, on a huge scale."
New Zealand used to have some of the worst immunisation coverage in the OECD, however it now sits around 94 per cent.
WHAT IS THIOMERSAL?
The ingredient Carrey mentions in his tweets, thiomersal (which he spells thimerosol), is a mercury-based preservative used in some vaccines, as well as nasal products and tattoo inks.
In the United States, thiomersal has been removed from or reduced to trace amounts in all vaccines routinely recommended for children younger than 6 years, with the exception of inactivated influenza vaccine.
National Immunisation Schedule vaccines used in New Zealand, including MMR, have not contained thiomersal for many years.
It was removed not because there was any evidence of risk, but because removing mercury from any source, if you can, is always a good idea.
Source: Immunisation Advisory Centre.
INTERNATIONAL EXPERTS BITE BACK
International experts have also been quick to disagree with Carrey.
"Yes, Mr. Carrey, you are anti-vax," science writer Phil Plait says, accusing Carrey of cherry-picking information to make his case. "You can't pick and choose what to believe in and what not to, and then say you're not anti-vaccine."
Professor Arthur Caplan, of New York University's School of Public Health, agrees, accusing Carrey of spreading misinformation.
"The childhood vaccine schedule has been proven safe, and arguments about 'dangerous' ingredients have been proven incorrect over and over," he writes.
"Not only is Carrey ignorant when it comes to vaccines, he is a fool when it comes to using terms like fascism.
"Fascism is when a government imposes its will upon the people by fiat. Nothing like that has happened in California – not even close. The legislature heard testimony, debated and then voted through the law to end liberal exemptions. Passing a law through the legislature and having the governor sign it is called democracy!"
Head to our Facebook page for more from Stuff Life & Style
The Department of National Defence is abandoning plans for three mobile, deployable Tim Hortons outlets, denying Canadian troops that familiar taste of home on future overseas missions.
As Canada's combat mission in Afghanistan was winding down in 2011, military officials proposed making it standard practice to have trailer-sized units on hand to sling coffee and doughnuts to soldiers.
A Tim's outlet at Kandahar Airfield, which operated for five years, generated $7.1 million in gross profit, much of which was plowed back into military support and services programs after expenses were paid.
A soldier enjoys a Tim Hortons doughnut and coffee at Kandahar Airfield, Afghanistan in 2009. The Department of National Defence is abandoning plans for three mobile, deployable Tim Hortons outlets, denying Canadian troops that familiar taste of home on future overseas missions. (Colin Perkel/Canadian Press)
The proposal to have trailers ready to go for other extended deployments was energetically endorsed by the country's overseas commander, according to documents obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act.
"The potential availability of a Tim Hortons outlet for future missions will give ... additional flexibility to enhance the physical and emotional well-being of deployed personnel with a little taste from home," said a memo dated Dec. 14, 2011, which asked Lt.-Gen. Stuart Beare for his blessing.
Plans were so far advanced that the military's support services unit had planned to begin construction of the trailers sometime in January 2012, but they were cancelled before any work was started.
A defence spokeswoman, Lt. Michele Tremblay, said the coffee houses were "no longer required."
The proposal was initially drafted in the context of setting up a Tim's outlet to serve the 950 troops taking part in the Kabul training mission, she said.
The idea was abandoned when it was weighed against the $100,000 per trailer cost of construction, and the fact the units could be assembled within two months should future commanders decide they want one, Tremblay added.
The support services unit operates semi-independently from National Defence and is not funded by taxpayers.
Even still, National Defence has been faced with an ever-tightening budget noose with some estimates projecting a cut of up to $2.5 billion — from a projected $19-billion annual appropriation — by 2014.
A spokeswoman at Tim Hortons corporate office was asked to comment, but was not immediately available.
Operating the overseas outlets wouldn't have been cheap. The briefing note said each trailer would produce up to $300,000 per year in expenses, but that costs would be more than offset by the profit.
All of the proceeds from the Kandahar location went to military community and family support programs after Tim Hortons waived the fees and operating costs typically associated with a franchise.
During its time, the uniquely Canadian chain was wildly popular in Kandahar, rivalling the California-based Green Bean franchise, which poured coffee on 55 U.S. military bases in the Middle East.
The wait for Tim's among coalition soldiers often stretched to 45 minutes when the outlet was in its heyday at the air base's popular boardwalk, where other American contractors served up Burger King, Subway, Pizza Hut and other comfort foods to soldiers far from home.
At one point, the airfield even hosted an alcohol-free version of the popular TGI Fridays franchise — a complete sports bar in the desert, right down to the menus and tablecloths.
But the proliferation of such creature comforts soon ran afoul of hardcore commanders, such as former U.S. general and NATO commander Stanley McChrystal, who ordered the shops closed.
He pointed out troops at the more sparsely outfitted combat outposts outside Kandahar Airfield didn't have access to the same level of luxury, and that the outlets were a drain on war transport and resources.
Other than the Tim Hortons outlet, most of the shops were closed, only to be replaced by others after McChrystal was relieved and sent home in June 2010.
The Associated Press appears to be siding against free speech with its latest tweet attacking free speech advocate Pamela Geller by knocking her as unapologetic that two terrorists were killed during her weekend event.
To flog its latest story on Geller, the AP's tweet pointedly notes that Geller has “no regrets” over the death of the two Islamists.
PHOTO: Pamela Geller at AP headquarters, where she said she had no regrets over TX cartoon contest that left 2 dead: http://t.co/cELdeaeqGd — The Associated Press (@AP) May 8, 2015
The article the tweet links to is no better with its title: “Activist: No Regrets About Cartoon Contest Ended by Gunfire.”
Note that the AP seems to be more worried about the deaths of the terrorists than in free speech, here. All the negative focus is on Geller somehow being uncaring that the Islamists were killed.
“Does Pamela Geller regret organizing the Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest that ended in gunfire?” the AP tsk tsks in its very first sentence.
It doesn't appear to have occurred to the AP that the two would-be killers wouldn't be dead if they didn't go to the event with guns blazing in the first place.
A better question might be whether terrorists regret attacking free speech, or throwing gays off buildings, or hanging them by the neck from cranes, or “honor killing” women and girls, or a host of other Islamist outrages?
Still, Geller more than holds her own in an article meant to attack her.
“I will continue to speak in defense of freedom until the day I die,” Geller told the Associated Press. “It's just that simple. It's not even a choice. It's a calling.”
Just as it's apparently a calling for the AP to attack free speech.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Drilling rig used for Phase III of Illinois Basin—Decatur Project Image credit: Midwest Geological Sequestration Consortium
CO2 for the first "Big Sink" project in the USA apparently comes from one of ADM's grain-to-ethanol facilities, located on the outskirts of Decatur Illinois. The mile+ CO2 injection well also will be ADM property. CO2 injection begins early next year, closely followed by 3 years of environmental monitoring. The newspaper story covering this prototype project can be seen in full at the Illinois State Journal Register: Experiment on CO2 storage about to begin at Decatur's ADM. See below for excerpts from the State-Journal Register and from the Illinois Basin Project website, respectively.
"This is the first one that has started drilling in the country. We're ready to get up and running," Robert Finley, principal geologist and director of the Illinois State Geological Survey, said on Friday. The department, ADM and the Midwest Geological Sequestration Consortium just announced plans for a formal groundbreaking on April 6, though Finley said much of the environmental testing already has been done.
The project is designed to confirm the ability of the Mt. Simon Sandstone, a major regional deep saline reservoir in Illinois, to accept and store 1 million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide over a period of three years. Carbon dioxide from ADM's ethanol plant will be injected into a well drilled to depths exceeding 7,500 feet into the Mt. Simon Sandstone, where the compressed, liquid-like CO2 will be stored in the pores of the rock formation, which is presently saturated with water that is several times saltier than seawater. The safety and effectiveness of the storage will be monitored by the MGSC through an extensive environmental monitoring, verification, and accounting (MVA) program. The Illinois Basin—Decatur Project is the first in the nation large-scale demonstration project to receive an underground injection control permit, start an extensive environmental monitoring program, and begin drilling an injection well. Drilling of the carbon dioxide injection well began on February 14, 2009.
This project is more than just a "first" in the USA. Because environmental test results will be available during the first term of the Obama Administration, and because the well is literally on Obama's political home turf in Illinois, eyes of the pundit-ocracy will be on this one.
Here's hoping that the results are made public as soon as any needed peer review is complete, and that opponents as well as the "Clean Coal" crew are given equal, timely access to the data.
Low risk of "fatal injection."
The highly saline nature of Southern IL groundwater means that even an outward dispersion of carbonic acid from the injection zone would not be compromising anyone's drinking water. Good siting choice from that standpoint.
If down the road there's a hiccup from the well-head, the fact that the injection well is on a private site, not proximate to dense residential or commercial development, means there is a low suffocation risk
Potential industry benefit.
For the next year or so, while C02 injection is underway, the project would seem to provide an argument for whatever incentives may be needed to keep the market price for fuel ethanol high enough to warrant continued operation of the ADM fermenters.
Do carbon credits from the project prospectively accrue to ADM, enabling the site to avoid paying a Cap penalty, should Cap & Trade be enacted? Just wondering out loud about these two topics.
More carbon dioxide sequestration posts.
The Carbon Sequestration Cost Everyone Else Forgot
Biochar Offers Answer for Healthy Soil and Carbon Sequestration ...
Important! Why Carbon Sequestration Won't Save Us
Wyoming - the New Carbon Sequestration Capital
Southern Illinois To Sequester Wisconsin's C02
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer had an eyebrow-raising explanation for a curious tweet sent by President Donald Trump that featured a nonsense word.
Trump tweeted “covfefe” late Tuesday night, seemingly attempting to write the word “coverage” in a tweet critical of the press.
Twitter: realDonaldTrump
He eventually deleted the tweet and joked about the meaning of the made-up word, telling his followers to “Enjoy!”
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017
But when asked about the implications of the president's late-night tweeting, Spicer refused to admit the word was an innocent human error, instead commenting that “the president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant.”
Spicer on the covfefe tweet: “The President and a small group of people know exactly what he meant." (via @MSNBC) pic.twitter.com/OZ1rHvv6Bh — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 31, 2017
Trump and the White House press office are no strangers to typos and poor messaging.
High-performance stereo head-mounted display (HMD) rendering is a fundamental component of the virtual reality ecosystem. HMD rendering requires substantial graphics horsepower to deliver high-quality, high-resolution stereo rendering with a high frame rate.
Today, NVIDIA is releasing VR SLI for OpenGL via a new OpenGL extension called “GL_NVX_linked_gpu_multicast” that can be used to greatly improve the speed of HMD rendering. With this extension, it is possible to control multiple GPUs that are in an NVIDIA SLI group with a single OpenGL context to reduce overhead and improve frame rates.
Autodesk VRED has successfully integrated NVIDIA's new multicast extension into its stereo rendering code used for HMDs like the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive, achieving a 1.7x speedup (see Figure 1). The multicast extension also helps Autodesk VRED with rendering for stereo displays or projectors, with nearly a 2x speedup.
The GL_NVX_linked_gpu_multicast extension is available in the NVIDIA GeForce and Quadro driver version 361.43 and newer. With the driver in the new multicast mode, all OpenGL operations that are not related to the extension are broadcast to all GPUs in the SLI group. Allocations are mirrored, data uploads are broadcast, and rendering commands are executed on all GPUs. This means that without the use of the special functionality in the new multicast extension, all GPUs are executing the same work on the same data.
For stereo rendering of a frame in VR, the GPU must render the same scene from two different eye positions. A normal application using only one GPU must render these two images sequentially, which means twice the CPU and GPU workload.
With the OpenGL multicast extension, it's possible to upload the same scene to two different GPUs and render it from two different viewpoints with a single OpenGL rendering stream. This distributes the rendering workload across two GPUs and eliminates the CPU overhead of sending the rendering commands twice, providing a simple way to achieve substantial speedup (see Figure 2).
Code Samples
The following samples show the differences between a normal application doing sequential stereo rendering and an application doing parallel rendering using the new multicast extension. Code changes are minimized because all “normal” OpenGL operations are mirrored in multicast mode, so the application code for preparing the scene for rendering is unchanged.
The first sample shows how a standard application typically renders a stereo image. First, data is uploaded to the GPU containing data for the left eye (1.), and the first image is rendered (2.). Then, data for the right eye is uploaded (3.), followed by rendering the second image (4.). Calling the rendering function twice means that the OpenGL stream for rendering the image needs to be generated twice, causing twice the CPU overhead compared to the second sample.
// render into left and right texture sequentially // 1. set & upload left eye for the first image sceneData.view = /* left eye data */; glNamedBufferSubDataEXT( ..., &sceneData ); // use left texture as render target glFramebufferTexture2D( ..., colorTexLeft, ... ); // 2. render into left texture render( ... ); // 3. set & upload right eye for second image sceneData.view = /* right eye data */; glNamedBufferSubDataEXT( ..., &sceneData ); // use right texture as render target glFramebufferTexture2D( ..., colorTexRight, ... ); // 4. render into right texture render( ... );
The second sample shows how to generate the same set of textures using two GPUs. The data for the left and the right eyes are uploaded to GPU 0 and GPU 1, respectively (1.). Since the scene data is identical on both GPUs, the single render call (2.) that gets broadcast to both GPUs generates both the left and the right eye views, on GPUs 0 and 1, respectively, in the corresponding instance of the left texture. To work with both textures on one GPU afterwards, the right eye image must be copied from GPU 1 into GPU 0 (3.).
// render into left texture on both GPUs // copy left tex on GPU1 to right tex on GPU0 // 1. set & upload colors for both images sceneData.view = /* left eye data */; glLGPUNamedBufferSubDataNVX( GPUMASK_0, ..., &sceneData ); sceneData.view = /* right eye data */; glLGPUNamedBufferSubDataNVX( GPUMASK_1, ..., &sceneData ); // use left texture as render target glFramebufferTexture2D( ..., colorTexLeft, ... ); // 2. render into left texture render( ... ); // make sure colorTexRight is safe to write glLGPUInterlockNVX(); // 3. copy the left texture on GPU 1 to the right texture on GPU 0 glLGPUCopyImageSubDataNVX( 1, /* from GPU 1 */ GPUMASK_0, /* to GPU 0 */ colorTexLeft, GL_TEXTURE_2D, 0, 0, 0, 0, colorTexRight, GL_TEXTURE_2D, 0, 0, 0, 0, texWidth, texHeight, 1); // make sure colorTexRight is safe to read glLGPUInterlockNVX();
At the end of both of these code samples, texture 1 contains the left eye rendering of the scene and texture 2 contains the right eye rendering of the scene. The code after generating the images remains unmodified because both textures reside on the GPU that is used in non-multicast mode. As mentioned before, the simplicity of the extension requires only minimal code changes to modify an existing stereo application for multicast mode.
Try VR SLI Today!
The extension “GL_NVX_linked_gpu_multicast” is available starting with the new 361.43 driver, downloadable for both NVIDIA GeForce and Quadro GPUs. The DesignWorks VR and GameWorks VR SDK packages released in parallel with the driver contain more in-depth documentation, the extension text and a basic sample application that showcases the use of the extension. The sample that ships with the VR SDK is also available on GitHub.
We will also be releasing more code samples showing different applications of multicast on the nvpro-samples GitHub repository.
EnVision to trial ex-Hammers ChrisTFer in first week of Contenders
EnVision eSports are set to trial ex-Hollywood Hammers main tank, ChrisTFer in the first week of Contenders Season One North America. ChrisTFer will fill the vacancy left behind by the team's former tank player, Kophee, who recently announced his retirement from competitive Overwatch.
Hollywood Hammers released their entire roster at the start of this month, amidst reports from the players that the organisation was unable to secure a spot in the Overwatch League. The Hammers travelled to North America after TakeOver 2 to compete in Contenders but were unable to make it out of the event's group stage, finishing their group in last place behind Cloud9, Kungarna, and Renegades.
ChrisTFer has since been tearing up the competition in the Overwatch World Cup as main tank for Team UK, going on an incredible 15 map winstreak against Belgium, Israel, Germany, and then Taiwan.
According to the team, ChrisTFer will trial with EnVision in their opening Contenders match-up against Rogue, with plans to assess the future of the tank position after this match. It is unknown how the roster deadline may affect this situation.
EnVision placed 7th-8th in Season Zero of Contenders North America, falling to Team Liquid in the quarterfinals and Renegades in the loser's playoffs. Whilst this initially placed the team outside of Season One, Team Liquid's withdrawal from Overwatch allowed EnVision to secure a place in Contenders, as per our sources. The team will play their first match with their new trial tank this Sunday, although this is still subject to last minute changes.
EnVision eSports' week one roster will be:
Despite getting run over, doored, harassed, and generally being treated as second-class citizens of the road, bicyclists are the happiest of all commuters. Go figure!
The finding comes via an Oregon Transportation Research and Education Consortium study released this month. Those who walk to work, the study found, are nearly as happy as cyclists, who are about three times happier than solo car-drivers.
Of course, your commute happiness is improved if you're on your way to a good job that makes you a lot of money, but income gap aside, even rich workaholic bikers still had safety concerns that chipped away at their smile scores.
New York Daily News columnist Denis Hamill sees your safety concerns, cyclists, and he raises you a head injury, because that's the only explanation I have for Hamil's ragey column on New York's bike lanes that, he says, have “disfigured the city in a logistical and aesthetic way.”
Writes Hamil: “News flash: Life ain't a smooth sail, kiddos! There's a big crash just waiting at the end of every bike lane.”
Don't let this grump get you down, bikers, especially if you live in New York and enjoy those protected bike lanes (jealous!). It's evening rush hour in the city right now, and something tells me Hamil is road-raging all alone in his car.
Awhile back I was listening to the podcast Hello Internet when to my delight, the subject of favorite bridges came up. I thoroughly enjoyed listening to the hosts discuss their favorites, and based on the Twitter response to the episode, many other listeners did too.
For me, it raised the question - why do so many of us love bridges? Why the visceral response to the signature bridges of the world?
I've been asked many times why I like bridges and I'm generally a bit at a loss for words. I like bridges because…I love bridges! It's just a gut-level fact. But when pressed to quantify my affection, I usually say that it's because all the engineering is on display. The fundamental workings are right there for you to see, not hidden behind facades and bulkheads and aesthetic treatments as in our sister industry. If a bridge appears elegant, if it has “good bridginess,” I think it's usually because the engineering itself is elegant.
I suspect there are also myriad intangible reasons for liking a particular bridge. The symbolism of connecting two disparate places. Memories of what we were doing and who we were with when we happened across a particular bridge. And surely each of us have a few special bridges where we recall the satisfaction of triumphing over design challenges.
In short, that podcast prompted me to create my own list of favorites (the only rule being that I had to have physically visited the bridge.) After racking my brain and whittling down my list I arrived at four favorite bridges.
Donald Trump dared a foreign government to commit espionage on the U.S. to hurt his rival on Wednesday, smashing yet another taboo in American political discourse and behavior.
“Russia, if you're listening, I hope you'll be able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” he said, referring to deleted emails from the private account Hillary Clinton used as secretary of State. “I think you'll probably be rewarded mightily by our press.”
Trump made the remarks at a lengthy and unusual news conference in Doral, Fla., in which he also said NATO is outdated, told a reporter to “be quiet” and said the reason that the Democratic National Committee was hacked was because foreign leaders do not respect the U.S. He also called President Obama “the most ignorant president in our history,” alleged that Russian leader Vladimir Putin had disparaged Obama with “the n-word” and inaccurately paraphrased Obama speaking in a stereotype of African American dialect.
Apparently President Benjamin Asher, Aaron Eckhart's tough-guy Commander in Chief in the —Has Fallen series of films, thinks term limits are for pussies. Deadline reports that he and his best bro/bodyguard, Secret Service Agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) will return for a third round of stabbing terrorists in the brain in Angel Has Fallen.
But why, out of all the glittering landmarks in the world —the Eiffel Tower in France, the Eiffel Tower in Las Vegas, the Great Pyramids of Giza, that other pyramid in Vegas—did writers Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt pick one that makes this sound like a Christian take on the material? Because that's the code name for Air Force One, as it turns out, a code name the real Secret Service will probably change now that this movie has been announced.
Advertisement
According to Deadline, whereas in the previous films Banning was tasked with saving the president, “this time, he's the target. If his attackers can take down half of Washington, D.C. with [him], all the better.”
Harrison Ford could not be reached for comment.
Just over half a year after Donald Trump entered the White House, the first public dispute between him and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government, i.e., Netanyahu, has surfaced. Israel opposes the cease-fire agreement in southern Syria, Netanyahu told reporters July 16, after a meeting in Paris with French President Emmanuel Macron. Netanyahu argued that the agreement, announced by the United States and Russia July 7 at the G-20 meeting in Hamburg, Germany, perpetuates Iran's presence in Syria.
Speaking on the condition of anonymity, an Israeli source intimately familiar with what is happening behind the scenes told Al-Monitor emphatically, “This is not just some disagreement. This is a real clash, pitting Israel against Russia and the United States. It reflects Israel's conspicuous disappointment with the way that the Americans let [Russian President Vladimir] Putin outmaneuver them, leading to the sellout of Israeli interests in the Golan Heights and Lebanon versus the Shiite axis.”
Netanyahu allowed the disagreement to come to the forefront, taking all possible responses by Trump into account. Still, unlike previous presidents, Trump cannot be analyzed. He is unpredictable, and there is no way to assess his reaction in advance. As of this article's publication, there has been no official response from the president or Washington. On the other hand, the Americans have been investing quite a bit of energy behind the scenes in an attempt to convince the Israelis that their concerns are exaggerated. So far, the Israelis have not been convinced.
Over the past few months, Israel had been involved in the contacts between the parties that led to the implementation of the cease-fire. Israel had a foothold in all matters concerning the region discussed by the superpowers — the southwest, which Israel borders. Israel participated in these talks with the Americans, Jordanians and Russians. It also conducted separate talks with each of the parties.
While discussions were underway, Israel reiterated on numerous occasions that there must be no Hezbollah or Iranian presence whatsoever in the buffer zones that will be declared along the various borders. Another Israeli demand was that Iran be prevented from establishing military bases in Syria, from creating or leasing a port along the Syrian coast and from rebuilding Syria's arms industry.
In a separate effort, Israel made it very clear that it would not accept the creation of Hezbollah factories to produce precision missiles in any part of Lebanon. “Their precision [missiles],” a senior Israeli military official told Al-Monitor on the condition of anonymity, “constitute Hezbollah's greatest threat against us right now. We will not just sit here with our arms folded if that group gets anywhere near obtaining the capacity to produce precision missiles independently.”
The emergence of an agreement between Russia and the United States irritates an old wound. The last time Washington reached a similar agreement was the nuclear deal with Iran, during the Barack Obama administration. Netanyahu fought against that until the very last minute and even beyond.
Now, with the president “most supportive of Israel ever” in the White House, Netanyahu finds himself facing the same situation. The only difference is that in these talks, Israel had a voice at the table before an agreement was reached. This contrasts sharply with the situation during the Iranian nuclear talks, in which Israel was “kept out of the room” and had to rely on intelligence for information. “The Americans completely conceded to the Russians,” a senior Israeli military official told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity. “The very names of Iran or Hezbollah do not appear in the agreement, and there is no expression of Israeli concerns at all. Our security needs are completely ignored.” The question now is what will Israel do about it?
One senior Israeli military official told Al-Monitor on the condition of anonymity, “For the first time ever, we have a conflict between the superpowers on our border. The Russians have between 3,000 and 4,000 troops in Syria, including special forces, fighter jets, bombers, anti-aircraft batteries and radar installations. The Americans have special forces there, too. The two parties have partitioned Syria between them, with the Americans north of the Euphrates River and the Russians south of it. Given these circumstances, it is only natural that our own freedom of action has been reduced, even if we don't admit it.”
Meanwhile, Israel is raising the ante with increasingly belligerent statements and even insinuating threats against Iran. “We will not let the Iranians and Hezbollah be the forces that will win,” said Maj. Gen. (Res.) Yaakov Amidror July 17. Amidror, who is thought to be close to Netanyahu, continued, stating, “At the end of the day it is our responsibility, not the responsibility of the Americans, or the Russians, to guarantee ourselves.” He added that keeping Iran and Syria from building launching pads in Syria was a primary goal and that Israel would not allow Iran and Hezbollah to take advantage of their victory in the long war in Syria and turn their focus on Israel.
It is safe to assume that the precise wording of Amidror's comments, made to the foreign press, originated in the Prime Minister's Office in Jerusalem. His remarks constituted an escalation in Israeli statements — which have consistently become more aggressive since the crisis began — as they included a significant threat: if Iran constructs certain kinds of infrastructures in Syria (or Lebanon), the Israeli military will be forced to attack and destroy them. While these statements were made in Israel, they were noted in Moscow, Washington, Tehran and other world capitals. Netanyahu is raising the threshold and drawing another red line along Israel's northern front.
The question is how seriously these threats will be taken by the superpowers and by Israel's enemies. The last time Netanyahu made such a threat and drew red lines, it turned out to be an idle threat. Over the past few years, Netanyahu has stated time and again that if the international community does not know how to block Iran's race to obtain nuclear arms, Israel will act alone. From Netanyahu's perspective, the nuclear agreement not only fails to prevent the Iranians from obtaining a nuclear capacity, it also turns Iran into a “nuclear threshold” state at the end of the agreement's 10-year timeframe. Yet, even though Netanyahu knew this, he preferred not to act. He allowed an operational window to pass, leaving Iran to enter the “immune zone.”
According to “fresh” leaks, which apparently could be sources from Israeli intelligence, Iran is still planning to construct a precision missile factory in Lebanon several dozen meters underground. That is also a kind of “immune zone.”
Will Netanyahu and his defense minister, Avigdor Liberman, allow this to happen? Since the whole issue is still in its infancy, it is too early to speculate. With investigations into Netanyahu piling up, it is in no way certain that he will even be prime minister when the possibility of launching such an attack becomes relevant.
In the meantime, Netanyahu considers his statement on the cease-fire to be particularly germane. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov responded quickly to restore a sense of calm, noting that “Israel's security interests were fully taken into consideration” in the agreement. In contrast, Washington responded with a thunderous silence.
The Train Inspection Monorail (TIM) is equipped with a camera and several measurement sensors to monitor the LHC tunnel in real-time
The Train Inspection Monorail (TIM) is equipped with a camera and several measurement technologies to monitor the LHC tunnel in real-time the LHC tunnel (Video: Noemi Caraban/CERN)
The name's TIM, Robot TIM – meet the spy patrolling the 27-km tunnel of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). TIM, the Train Inspection Monorail, is a mini vehicle transporting a set of instruments along tracks suspended from the tunnel's ceiling. This smart machine is used for real-time monitoring of the LHC tunnel: the tunnel structure, the oxygen percentage, the communication bandwidth and the temperature.
TIM provides visual and infrared imaging of the LHC tunnel and can move up to 6 km/h. It can also pull small wagons for specific tasks.
Two TIM units are currently running in the LHC tunnel, parked in a service tunnel of one of the LHC experiment, waiting for commands.
So much for the blues on Ottawa airwaves.
After almost seven years, DAWG-FM, Canada's first commercial radio station to specialize in the blues, will move online, while the station's owners carve out a new space on the dial and rebrand as a mainstream rock station.
Starting Friday, DAWG-FM will become Rebel and move a couple of notches, from 101.9 to 101.7, in hopes of improving the signal.
One of the few independently owned stations in the region, it's been a challenge for DAWG to establish itself in Ottawa's competitive radio market.
“For the last seven years, we've struggled with ratings and really getting traction with any kind of audience,” said the station's co-owner Ed Torres, noting a divide between the rock and blues listeners. DAWG plays both styles of music.
“What we found was our blues listeners tune out when we play a rock song and our rock listeners don't understand the new blues that we play,” he said. “It's been a challenge holding an audience because it seems to go between the blues and rock. We've tried to tweak the format in both directions to see if we can get some traction in one format or another. But the nature of the way the licence was structured was that we had to play both.”
Another recurring problem has been the poor quality of DAWG's signal, partly due to the fact that the 101.9 frequency is also used by radio stations in Cornwall and Kingston.
“What happens is you have to protect the station in Kingston, and you have to protect the station in Cornwall so you're actually shoeboxed in,” explained Torres. “You're limited in how much power you can push towards Cornwall or Kingston. That's why you lose the signal in Manotick and Kemptville and when you go up towards Calabogie.”
Moving to the 101.7 frequency is expected to improve the situation, Torres said. The CRTC-approved shift is part of a trade with CHIP, the bilingual community station broadcast from Fort Coulonge, Que., on 101.7. It will move to 101.9.
The new rock station aims to fill a void created a couple of years ago when The Bear switched formats from rock to contemporary hits. While other stations focus on classic rock and alt-rock, Rebel will feature what Torres describes as “active rock.”
“It's going to span a number of decades but it's going to be very active rock,” he said, listing Guns ‘N Roses, Nirvana, Disturbed, Led Zeppelin, Beatles and Pink Floyd as some acts that will be on the playlist. Canadian content will come from the likes of the Tragically Hip, Nickelback and Big Wreck, to name a few. “This is going to be more straight-ahead rock music,” he added, “including a lot of the songs that have been abandoned by the other stations in the market.”
Men will comprise the new station's target audience. “There are a lot of stations out there chasing the female demographic,” Torres said. “For us as an independent to throw our hat in that ring, it would be very tough go. This is a hole our researchers have identified and that's where we're going.”
Like DAWG, the rock station will aim for 40% Canadian content, more than the 35% required by the CRTC.
In its new home online, DAWG will not be required to fulfill Can-con guidelines, although it's not likely to drop below 40 per cent Can-con. The station has been instrumental in boosting the careers of many Canadian blues artists, from veterans like Downchild and the Powder Blues Band to breakthrough acts like Steve Hill and MonkeyJunk.
“The big change is we're going to lose the Tom Petty and Steve Miller and The Band and we're going to play a lot more classic blues, vintage blues,” Torres said, “and we're still going to have a lot of Canadian stuff.”
The changes are coming with a turnover in on-air staff. Blues announcer Patricia Lever was let go last week, and two voices already familiar to Ottawans are set to join Rebel: Darryl Kornicky, formerly of Live 88.5 and Bob FM, and Jason Petrunik, better known as J-Man, who was with The Bear.
Todd Bernard will continue in his role as general manager of both Rebel and the online DAWG station. Torres and Bernard are also part of the team that organizes two music festivals in Calabogie: Mountain Man and the Calabogie Blues and Ribfest. Both events will continue.
LOS ANGELES, CA - APRIL 30: Author Larry Flynt attends the 16th Annual Los Angeles Times Festival of Books - Day 1 at USC on April 30, 2011 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by David Livingston/Getty Images)
Larry Flynt is at it again.
The Hustler founder is offering a $1 million reward for information on Mitt Romney's taxes, AdWeek reports. Flynt, an outspoken critic of Romney, is taking out two full page ads in Sunday's issues of USA Today and The Washington Post to publicize the offer.
The ad offers cash in exchange for "unreleased tax returns and/or details of his offshore assets, bank accounts and business partnerships.”
"What is he hiding?" Flynt said, according to the Hollywood Reporter. "Maybe now we'll find out."
Flynt's dislike of Romney isn't surprising considering the Republican presidential nominee's promise to crack down on pornography if elected. Flynt told the Daily Caller that Romney's plan is “an idle threat made for political reasons."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Alleged coup plotters outside the court near Ankara
Almost 500 people arrested after last year's failed coup in Turkey have appeared in court accused of taking part in the plot.
Some of the handcuffed defendants were jeered as they were individually escorted into court by police and armed guards in front of TV cameras.
The trial focuses on events at the Akinci airbase which it is alleged was the plotters' headquarters.
It is taking place in a purpose-built courtroom outside the capital Ankara.
The defendants face charges from attempting to assassinate the president to murder. As some arrived at court they were met by protesters chanting "We want the death penalty!"
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters - many related to those killed or injured in the coup - jeered the defendants as they arrived at court
Some of the demonstrators had relatives killed or injured during the coup attempt and threw nooses towards the suspects.
Rebel soldiers tried to grab power in July 2016, leaving 249 civilians dead.
Military chief Gen Hulusi Akar and other senior officers were held hostage at the base for several hours on the night that the coup took place.
The trial is the largest yet relating to the coup. Anyone convicted is expected to get life imprisonment.
Although Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan proposed a referendum on the issue in his speech after narrowly winning a vote to expand his powers in April.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Turkey's coup attempt - in numbers
The president has been increasingly supportive of a reintroduction of capital punishment since the failed coup.
But the EU has made clear that any such move would effectively bring an end to Turkey's negotiations to join the bloc.
Last July, orders were allegedly sent out from Akinci air base, north-west of Ankara, to bomb parliament as troops attempted to oust President Erdoğan.
In the aftermath of their botched attempt, thousands of people have been arrested, many suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen, a cleric living in exile in the US.
Mr Erdoğan's critics say he is using the purge that followed the coup to stifle political dissent.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The defendants face charges from attempting to assassinate the president to murder
Mr Gulen - the key figure accused in the case - is among those being tried, albeit in absentia. He denies the charges.
Other notable figures include:
About a week ago, my Twitter stream was overtaken by just one topic.
I follow people who work with many different types of web software. That day, they all had one thing in common. They were all tweeting about Ghost, a new blogging platform that was raising money on Kickstarter.
Ghost has no live demo and it's heavily based on two fairly obscure tools: Node.js and markdown.
However, it flew past it's Kickstarter goal inside one day and has now raised over £100,000.
Why is the idea of Ghost so popular with so many different people? Because it promised a renewed focus on simplicity. The truth is that in 2013 even web experts want simpler software.
Many sites have no menus How simple are many websites in 2013? Very, very simple. Until now we've often thought of menus of being the foundation stone of a website. That's no longer true. Via WordPress.com we get some fascinating statistics. 76% of sites have no menus at all
18% have 1 menu
6% have 2 more more menus
Thanks to Joey Kudish and lessbloat for putting these statistics together.
Many sites have no sidebars Not only navigation, but also design is becoming simpler. How can you tell if a website was designed in the last 3 years? It has no sidebars. That's a little bit of an over-simplification, but it's not too far from the truth. Some of the leading design sites, such as AListApart.com not only have no sidebars on their articles, they don't have room for much of their logo:
The new WordPress theme called Twenty Thirteen lacks sidebars by default. It was explicity designed to work best with a single column layout. WordPress powers about 22% of all new websites and standard will be sidebar-free. You can see the demo here: http://twentythirteendemo.wordpress.com.
What are people actually using? Below is a screenshot from Google Trends. The red line is Tumblr and the blue line is WordPress:
I don't think it's any coincidence at all that WordPress wants to become more like Tumblr. The WordPress team listen to their users. They know what people want. Brad Frost has a great presentation that I've embedded below. He presents daily figures some of the largest platforms on the web. The simpler something is, the more it gets used: 500,000 WordPress posts
40 million Tumblr posts
500 million Tweets
4 billion Facebook shares
Attempt at translating a piece of C code to Lojban
C code
char* str_fill(char string[], char filling, uint_t count) { if (string) { if (!count) while(string[count]) count++; string[count] = '\0'; while (count--) string[count] = filling; } return string; }
English translation
Function str_fill returning char pointer, taking parameters: 'string', of type char array; 'filling', of type char; 'count', of type uint_t. Variable list: empty. Instruction list: if 'string' is not equal to 0: > if 'count' is equal to 0: > > as long as the offset number 'count' of the array 'string' is not equal to 0: > > > we add 1 to 'count' > we set the offset number 'count' of the array 'string' to 0 > as long as 'count' is not equal to 0: > > we substract 1 from 'count' > > we copy 'filling' into the offset number 'count' of the array 'string' we return to the calling function giving the value 'string' End of function.
Lojban translation (to be improved)
Attempt by Danr
to ro da zo'u la'e da du ca'e lo se judri be da toi la .styrfil. cu pruce la .strin. poi judri lo lerfu ku'o ce'o la .filin. poi lerfu ku'o ce'o la .kaunt. poi mulna'u ku'o la .strin. poi ke'u judri lo lerfu ku'o lo pu'u va'o lo nu la'e la .strin. na du li no kei ba gi va'o lo nu la .kaunt. na du li no kei ze'a lo nu la'e lo sumji be la .strin. bei la .kaunt. na du li no kei ko setca fi la .kaunt. fe lo sumji be la .kaunt. bei li pa gi ba gi ko setca fi la'e lo sumji be la .strin. bei la .kaunt. fe li no gi ze'a lo nu ba gi ko setca fi la .kaunt. fe lo se sumji be la .kaunt. bei li pa gi la .kaunt. na du li pa kei ko setca fi la'e lo sumji be la .strin. bei la .kaunt. fe la .filin.
mi milxe lo ka se mansa ge tu'a zo ze'a gi tu'a zo'oi .return.
Second attempt by Ilmen
mi do minde lo nu ... lo si'o clubixlerpoi zo'u ro da ro de ro di ro di xi re zo'u go da de di di xi re clubixlerpoi gi da goi la lerpoi de goi la selclu di goi la selzilkancu di xi re goi la selpra zo'u lerpoi fa la lerpoi gi'e lerfu fa la selclu gi'e namcu fa la selzilkancu ju'ei go la lerpoi cu dubyfrica li no gi go la selzilkancu cu dubdu'i li no gi zvailu fa xu'u lo pormoi be la selzilkancu bei la lerpoi cu nonmau vau xu'u zo selzilkancu li pa ka'irze'a vau ju'ei ba bo li no pormoi la selzilkancu la lerpoi ju'ei ba bo zvailu fa xu'u la selzilkancu cu nonmau vau xu'u zo selzilkancu li pa ka'irjdika ju'ei ba bo pormoi fa la selclu la selzilkancu la lerpoi vau ju'ei ba bo la selpra la lerpoi cu mintu
to .e'i pensi lo nu basygau zo lerjudri zo lerpoi toi
First attempt by Ilmen
ni'o ni'o ca'e pruce fa la lerpoiclugau fo di'e fe la lerpoi noi me'oi .char. judri ce'o la selclu noi me'oi .char. ce'o la selzilkancu noi me'oi .uint_t. fi lo me'oi .char. judri ni'o to ve pruce liste toi la lerpoi na du li no .i jo tu'e { > la selzilkancu cu du li no .i jo tu'e { > > lo me la selzilkancu moi be la lerpoi na du li no .i jo > > ko'oi rapli co'u lo nu ja'a go'i ku fa lo nu > > ko'oi la selzilkancu cu dubze'a li pa > } tu'u > .i la selzilkancu na du li no .i jo > ko'oi rapli co'u lo nu ja'a go'i ku fa lo nu > ge ko'oi la selzilkancu cu dubjdika li pa > gi ko'oi lo me la selzilkancu moi be la lerpoi cu fukpi la selclu } tu'u .i ko'oi zilxru gi'e pruce fi la lerpoi
To be improved:
1) {la broda cu du li re} is probably not right; perhaps {la'e la broda} would be better for refering to the variable value.
2) "jo" is perhaps wrong for "if...then".
3) {dubze'a} is probably nonsensical, it should be replaced with something else. :)
× Expand Leslie Peterson Solidarity Sing Along participant Jason Huberty: "We've been unintimidated in the Capitol for two years."
The battle for Wisconsin is the centerpiece of two books set to be published this fall. One, by Gov. Scott Walker, will offer his perspective on the Capitol protests and recall election. The other will tell the story of the Solidarity Sing Along as experienced by its participants. Both are titled Unintimidated, and that's not a coincidence.
The book about the sing-along is the latest element of a savvy and increasingly visible response to the Capitol crackdown on protesters who gather without a permit. The message is that the protesters are "unintimidated" in the face of the citations, the arrests and the court appearances -- all that weight of law enforcement being brought down upon their assembly.
"We've been using the term 'unintimidated' among ourselves to describe how we're not intimidated by Walker's regime," says Joseph Skulan, a participant in the Solidarity Sing Along and longtime Capitol protester.
As these things often go now, this political messaging campaign started on Twitter. On Saturday, Aug. 17, the person publishing the account @affinistim started using the hashtag #unintimidated while tweeting about the sing-along, which protests Walker's policies at noon on weekdays. The hashtag had been used only a handful of times previously in the context of Wisconsin politics, but started taking off at this point.
When the Solidarity Sing Along convened in the Rotunda on Monday, Aug. 19, a message that its partisans were "unintimidated" was readily apparent to anybody observing. Jason Huberty, another sing-along participant and protester, has made numerous signs for protests. He created a new set for this day, each emblazoned with a single letter. In a fashion similar to that of the Overpass Light Brigade, a group of sing-along participants hoisted the signs. Together, they read U-N-I-N-T-I-M-I-D-A-T-E-D.
"We've been unintimidated in the Capitol for two years," says Huberty. "There's been a lot of different tactics trying to get people out of the building. We exercise our rights and are not intimidated."
A group-held "Unintimidated" sign has since been a regular feature at the sing-along. The protesters bearing the letters are highly visible, including to police.
"The cops don't seem to like it," says Skulan, "so they have been systematically confiscating the letters, sometimes quite aggressively, and they need to be replaced on a regular basis."
Letters have even been replaced on the fly as signs are confiscated, and now multiple sing-along participants are creating their own.
Over just a few weeks, the "unintimidated" message became central to the sing-along's identity. At LaborFest on Labor Day, T-shirts printed with the word were on sale at the "Unintimidated" tent.
The governor's office directed queries about his book to his publisher. Friends of Scott Walker also directed a request for comment about the Solidarity Sing Along messaging campaign to the publisher.
Unintimidated: The Book, by and about participants in the Solidarity Sing Along, is being published by Mad Island Communications, a small press owned by Barbara With.
"When the whole uprising took place a couple of years ago, I found my contribution to be best in writing," With says.
She joined with Skulan and several others as a founding member of the Wisconsin Citizens Media Cooperative, an online publication covering Wisconsin protests and politics from an anti-Walker perspective.
As the sing-along crackdown returned over the summer, With and others started thinking more about capturing their experiences for posterity. "We've been talking about doing a book for some time, but it just seems now is right," she says.
With says the book will be anchored by an essay introducing the Solidarity Sing Along, though the story will be told primarily through photos. Multiple contributors are selecting images to submit, and With is working on the layout and designing the cover. The book should be about 60 pages and will be published in hardcover.
Proceeds from the sale of Unintimidated: The Book will go to the First Amendment Protection Fund, which is supporting the legal costs of those arrested and cited in association with the crackdown on the sing-along. Pre-orders are now open, and With says it will be sold by Madison-area bookstores, Amazon and Barnes & Noble. More information is available at unintimidated.org and a corresponding Facebook page.
Unintimidated by the Solidarity Sing Along is scheduled for release on Oct. 31. Unintimidated: A Governor's Story and a Nation's Challenge, by Scott Walker and Marc Thiessen, is slated for release on Nov. 19.
Presidential campaigns often revolve around a book, a manifesto stating the candidate's ambitions and outlook for America. It's no different for Walker, who is testing the waters for a run in 2016.
The conservative National Review broke the news in March that Walker would be releasing his first book, helping to stoke the chatter over his potential candidacy. Co-author Thiessen is a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush and Washington Post columnist. (A Salon report on the book noted that Thiessen promoted Walker as a potential VP selection in 2012.)
The book's publisher is Sentinel, a conservative imprint of Penguin Group, which has released tomes by former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee, The Persecution of Sarah Palin by Matthew Continetti, and The War on Christmas by John Gibson. Financial terms of Walker's and Thiessen's book have not been released.
The official description for Unintimidated casts Walker as embattled amid the massive protests triggered by his plan to eliminate collective bargaining rights for most public workers and his subsequent recall election. "He stood his ground despite relentless political and personal attacks with the help of supporters across the country who hailed him for having the courage to drive real change," it reads. The promotional text goes on to applaud Walker's recall win, declare victory for Act 10 and, most importantly, frame the governor's identity for a national audience.
"He also shows what his experiences can teach defenders of liberty across the country about standing up to the special interests that favor the status quo."
With argues that Walker is more of a bully than a defender of freedom.
"I think intimidation has been Walker's key tool that he's used to quash dissent, and the Solidarity Sing Along identified as being unintimidated long before he chose to use it as the title of his book," she says.
"Anybody can write a book about being unintimidated, but Walker's actions don't show that," adds Huberty. "He's clearly intimidated, otherwise why is he applying so much pressure to get people out of the Capitol?"
The San Antonio Spurs are in the middle of a brutal stretch that features six games in nine nights, including two sets of back-to-backs in a five-day span. Spurs coach Gregg Popovich has decided to rest his stars, but not for the team's nationally televised game against the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
Instead, Popovich will rest Kawhi Leonard, LaMarcus Aldridge and Pau Gasol for the Spurs' Friday night matchup against the Dallas Mavericks, the team announced on Thursday. Manu Ginobili (right quad), Danny Green (left quad), and rookie Dejounte Murray (groin) will also miss Friday's game nursing injuries.
NBA commissioner Adam Silver sent out a memo to team owners in late March, according to USA Today, urging they play a bigger role in pushing back against the recent trend of top teams resting their star players. In the memo, Silver described the resting issue as “an extremely significant issue for our league” and noted that teams will face “significant penalties” if they stray from the protocol of reporting player injuries.
The Spurs have been known to rest their senescent stars during the regular season to preserve them for the playoffs, but the trend has spread to other teams this season
The Golden State Warriors rested Stephen Curry, Draymond Green, Klay Thompson and Andre Iguodala in a nationally televised March 10 loss to the Spurs, who lacked their top guns due to injury. A week later, the Cleveland Cavaliers rested LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love in a nationally televised game against the Los Angeles Clippers.
MUMBAI: In the state home department led by chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, a record number of police officials are under investigation for their alleged involvement in kidnapping, murder, circulation of fake currency and corruption scandals.In Sangli district, former home minister R R Patil's hometown, an undertrial was tortured to death in a police station. His body was taken to a nearby village and set on fire. Minister of state for home Deepak Kesarkar visited Sangli to take stock of the situation after a long delay. Some lower-rung officials have been arrested and they may be released on bail in the future.In Pune, at least five police officials were involved in a plot to kidnap and kill a former councillor. The police officials were arrested under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. In Hingoli district, some police officials were arrested for their alleged involvement in a fake currency racket, and in Thane district a clerk was trapped accepting money from a sub-inspector for processing his application for advance. In Mumbai, a traffic constable towed away a car from no-parking zone although a woman was inside along with her baby. A bureaucrat said Fadnavis should step in to restore the credibility of men-in-khaki.The smoking gunState agriculture minister Pandurang Fundkar was shocked after his deputy Sadabhau Khot disclosed that at an meeting convened by him in Satara a senior agriculture department official had come with a revolver. It is not known if Fundkar has promised disciplinary action against the official, but bureaucrats and IPS officers have expressed shock.When IPS officers attend official meetings in Mantralaya, they rarely carry their official firearm. According to reports, the agriculture department official has a licensed revolver, but he did not take it to the meeting. In Maharashtra, several politicians have licensed weapons, but they do not carry them at official meetings. A senior BJP minister was caught in a controversy after he was found carrying a revolver to a school event. The minister has learnt his lesson and refrains from carrying the firearm.Contentious donationTransport minister Diwakar Raote was criticized for donating Rs 5 crore from the cash-starved Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation coffers to the CM's farmers' welfare fund. During the festive season, when employees were on strike to demand a wage hike, Raote refused to oblige. Raote had appealed to employees to donate for farmers' relief, but the proposal was rejected. The MSRTC board presided over by Raote cleared the Rs 5 crore donation. Fadnavis trying hard to mobilize funds for the 32,044 crore loan waiver by approaching organisations and imposing a 30% cut on the budget, but he has not been successful.
A 25-year-old Ann Arbor man is challenging U.S. Rep. John Dingell for his seat, claiming the long-time congressman isn't progressive enough.
Daniel Marcin, who is pursuing a doctorate in economics at the University of Michigan, filed nearly 1,800 petition signatures with the state on Monday to appear on the ballot.
Running as a Democrat, he'll face Dingell, D-Dearborn, in the Aug. 7 primary, competing in Southeast Michigan's newly drawn 12th District.
Daniel Marcin collects signatures for his campaign against U.S. Rep. John Dingell, D-Dearborn. Courtesy photo
"I'm definitely to that guy's left," Marcin said of Dingell, attacking the 85-year-old congressman's record on environmental issues, same-sex marriage and tax policy.
"John Dingell acts like he's Mr. Senior Congressman," Marcin said. "If that's the case, he's going to have to own it. So anything that hasn't gotten done, I'm going to blame him for."
Dingell, who has been in Congress since 1955, currently represents Michigan's 15th District, but redistricting since the last election changed the state's districts.
Dearborn businesswoman Karen Jacobsen is running in the 12th District Republican congressional primary.
Dingell kicked off his campaign last week. At an event in Ann Arbor, he was joined by Mayor John Hieftje, Lisa Wozniak of the Michigan League of Conservation Voters, and Amanda Caldwell of the College Democrats at the University of Michigan.
All three praised Dingell's leadership. Wozniak gave him credit for his work on protecting the environment and said Dingell's name is "synonymous with conservation."
"Due to his tireless advocacy for his district, we now have the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge, the River Raisin National Park, and a Huron River that is inspiring more attention and more investment each month," Wozniak said. "Michigan is a greener, healthier and more exciting home because of Congressman Dingell's conservation roots and vision."
Caldwell praised Dingell's work on student loan reform, saying it has made it possible for students to attend college knowing their student loan payments will be affordable.
Marcin describes himself as an economist and an environmentalist. He considers himself more liberal than Dingell, but he said he'd still like to privatize the postal service.
Marcin has been campaigning for weeks, including going door-to-door and using various social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. On his website, www.No30thTerm.com, he spells out all the reasons why he thinks Dingell's long reign should end.
Marcin said this election isn't about experience or having 29 terms of incumbency, but rather about ideas. He claims Dingell has been an obstruction to addressing climate change, saying "there's been no action on climate change for decades."
Marcin also criticizes Dingell's vote for the Defense of Marriage Act. He wants to repeal the 1996 federal law that defines marriage as the legal union of one man and one woman.
"And if same-sex marriage is a priority, why hasn't he gotten it through yet?" Marcin said. "If he's Mr. Leader, he pretty much sucks at it."
Marcin has no background in politics but considers himself a strong supporter of labor. He has been a trustee of the Huron Valley Central Labor Council, AFL-CIO, since January 2011.
John Dingell
He attended the University of Maryland where he received bachelor's degrees in math and economics and participated in research on the health of Maryland's wetlands. He then moved to Ann Arbor to attend U-M where he received a master's degree in economics in 2010.
Taxation is another issue where Marcin says he differs from his opponent. He said he'd fight for taxes that penalize people and corporations based on how much they pollute.
"You should tax bad things before you tax good things," he said. "Income is a good thing, but we tax it. If people are going to pollute, you should be taxing them."
Marcin also said he's in favor of allowing people to choose where 20 percent of their federal income taxes go each year.
At his campaign kickoff last week, Dingell reiterated his support for legislation aimed at clean air and clean water and making food and prescription drugs safer.
He said consumers also deserve to be protected from waste, fraud and abuse, while seniors deserve retirement security and a strong Medicare program.
But most of all, Dingell said, people deserve good jobs with good benefits.
"This is my fight and has always been my fight," he said. "And you can count on me to continue this fight for the priorities of Michigan's people."
Dingell also heralded the Detroit turnaround, saying there is no question that Michigan is firmly established as the headquarters of cars of the future.
"The auto industry has added more than 200,000 jobs in the last two and half years and 2011 was the strongest year of industry growth since 1994," he said. "GM, Ford and Chrysler are starting to run three production shifts a day and are building new facilities to manufacture the small, fuel-efficient cars that consumers demand."
Ryan J. Stanton covers government and politics for AnnArbor.com. Reach him at ryanstanton@annarbor.com or 734-623-2529. You also can follow him on Twitter or subscribe to AnnArbor.com's email newsletters.
Loading the player...
CONTENT WARNING DISTURBING IMAGES OF EXTREME STATE VIOLENCE
PRESS CC for ENGLISH SUBTITLES
Operation Erebo – War Against Anarchists in Brazil
On the 25th of October, 2017, several anarchists' homes and social spaces were raided by the police in Porto Alegre, on the territories occupied by the Brazilian State. Computers, banners, books and bottles were seized. What ensued was an enormous campaign headed by the State and corporate media to criminalize anarchist individuals and ideas.
Many are responding to this attack on different levels and with all sorts of tactics.
This is but one of the responses.
Solidarity is a weapon!
Read more about this story here
Download Video
++++++++++
Operação Erebo – Guerra Contra Anarquistas em Brasil
No dia 25 de Outubro de 2017, diversas casas e espaços sociais foram invadidos pela Polícia Civil em Porto Alegre, nos territórios ocupados pelo Estado brasileiro.
Foram aprendidos computadores, faixas, livros e garrafas. O que se seguiu foi uma enorme campanha encabeçada pelo Estado e a mídia corporativa buscando criminalizar
ideias e individuos anarquistas.
Muitas pessoas estão respodendo a esse ataque de diferentes formas e com to-do o tipo de táticas.
Essa é apenas uma das respostas.
Solidariedade é uma arma!
New York Red Bulls II head coach John Wolyniec tells Once a Metro that getting into the 2015 USL playoffs is only one benefit from this season.
"For us to be able to get results and at the same time rotate players in and do a good job of using different players at different times, it's certainly a success getting into the playoffs," Wolyniec said to OaM.
"It has been a challenge managing all the players. They've handled it very well and it's not easy when the squad rotates even when you're winning."
In the team's debut season in USL, NYRB II currently sits in fourth place in the Eastern Conference, clinching a playoff spot this past Saturday. The team heads to Rochester for their final regular season match of the season, before prepping for their first round matchup.
Wolyniec said that the integration of MLS and academy players may have disrupted squad harmony and may have led to excessive rotation, but the team found a way to sustain season-long success.
"I would definitely look to some other successes that we got out of the year as well, but it's nice to know that you were able to compete while focusing on some other things," Wolyniec added.
For General Manager Shaun Oliver, making the playoffs is a "tribute" to the coaching staff, and the players on the field.
"We are very proud of what New York Red Bulls II has been able to accomplish in the team's inaugural season," Oliver said.
"Being able to get the guys to play in more competitive matches and further their development in the New York Red Bulls system can only benefit the organization as a whole moving forward.
"It's a tribute to John Wolyniec and his staff being able to get these guys ready to compete on a week in and week out basis."
The first round of the USL playoffs begin on Sept. 26-27.
Following Salvador Sobral‘s landslide victory at Eurovision 2017, countless music critics and Eurovision fans have praised the Portuguese singer for avoiding clichés and singing from the heart. But not everyone is happy with the result or how it unfolded. On Tuesday Robin Bengtsson from Sweden criticised Salvador's victory speech, which took aim at “fast food music”. And today another top 10 act is speaking against the Portuguese singer. Alex Florea from Romania claims that Salvador “used cheap theatrics” to win the contest and that the Portuguese act “didn't have heart problems, but head issues.”
In an interview live-streamed through the web site of Romania's main newspaper “Adevarul”, “Yodel It!” singers Ilinca and Alex Florea were asked to give their two cents about the winner. Alex's acidic response has left many Romanian Eurofans aghast.
Speaking of the Portuguese team, he said:
They used marketing to win, as happens in our talent shows as well. His backstory worked and the public ate it up. But from my point of view, Salvador doesn't have heart problems, but head issues. Everybody thought that Italy would win, but there was a big fuss in Kyiv about [Salvador Sobral] because he was mysterious, he didn't give interviews, he didn't take photos and he wouldn't show up for rehearsals. The Bulgarian representative could also have used his story, as he doesn't see well, but he didn't. The Portuguese played a role, that's what I felt. I saw him on many occasions and I didn't believe he had [health] problems. On the other hand, his song is excellent and it's been a while since something like this has been written. But I am annoyed by the cheap theatrics, that's why I'm so cynical. A lot of people have problems. But don't use this to win. If you want to win, use what you do professionally, your voice, your show. That's winning! I've had problems myself in talent shows, but I've never resorted to cheap deceitful tactics in order to win.
Ilinca's answer was more diplomatic, and she suggested Salvador was a true artist.
I would have seen Armenia's representative higher [on the scoreboard]. Gurl has a perfect voice! I also loved Moldova! Congratulations, guys! A superb show! But also Bulgaria were amazing! I am happy with Portugal [winning]. What Salvador did could be considered art, so congratulations on succeeding! Croatia's act was also very good.
Alex Florea's statements have drawn mixed reaction, with many asking why he didn't voice his opinion earlier. Still others have criticised Alex for claiming that Salvador had “head issues” — a most serious and unfortunate comment that won't go down well with Salvador's growing army of fans, including us, who appreciate his independent spirit and quirkiness.
Alex's comments seem decidedly ungenerous. Portugal's entrant did give interviews — you can watch our last interview with Salvador Sobral, one of three we have from Kyiv, below.
The “Amar Pelos Dois” singer did touch on his health issues both in interviews and in the press conferences, but he never brought these up, nor did he dwell on them. As has been explained countless times, it was his doctors who insisted he miss the first week of rehearsals, as they rightly put his health before a TV programme. If the commentators mentioned that Salvador had heart problems during the live broadcast, this can hardly be considered Salvador's fault — that's down to the individual commentators in each broadcasting nation.
Alex Florea's opinions, which are clearly his own and don't reflect on the Ilinca feat Alex Florea act as a whole, should be taken with a grain of salt.
Being in the Eurovision bubble for two weeks and running from rehearsals to interviews to parties makes it very difficult to focus and take in the ever-changing information on-the-ground. Perhaps the young Romanian singer was too busy to absorb all the facts that contributed to Portugal's victory. Such as the simple song performed in an original manner by a truly gifted artist who has never used his voice to talk about his problems, but rather to raise awareness about more important social issues, like the tragic plight of refugees.
Hopefully, like Robin Bengtsson, Alex Florea will get the occasion to nuance his comments after realising that Salvador Sobral actually won fair and square, and that a 100% jury and televote victory, just like Ilinca and Alex's win at Selectia Nationala, shouldn't have been put into question.
Anyway, that's what we think about Alex Florea's comments on Salvador Sobral. What do you think? Has Alex Florea crossed a line with these comments? Let us know in the comments box below!
0 50 people displaced after floor collapses during party
DENTON, Texas - A raucous homecoming party ended when an apartment floor caved in, sending at least 30 people crashing into the unit below Saturday.
>> Read more trending news
The party, off campus from the University of North Texas, spiraled out of control, said Abiola Busari, who hosted the event and was one of more than 30 people who fell through the floor when it collapsed around 2 a.m., according to WFAA.
About 50 residents at the complex were displaced and six people were treated at the scene for minor injuries, according to KDFW. No one was taken to the hospital.
"The university is here to help any of our students who may have been impacted,” university officials said. “The Ridge is a private facility and any information regarding the incident would need to come from either the property owner or operator, and the City of Denton PIO."
The complex is helping those affected.
“(We are) in the process of making alternate housing arrangements for those students, a local university offered help as well to provide alternate arrangements,” a complex spokesman said. “The Ridge is also arranging with structural engineers to assess the situation.”
Carley Carroll, who lives in the apartment below, was not home when the ceiling fell. A GoFundMe was set up to help her after she lost everything in the incident.
“TV's, computers, just everything,” Carroll told WFAA. “Everything you need for college is gone.”
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
How did the 10-year-old show transcend the space-time continuum?
Darren McCollester/Getty Images
Free-agent running back Stevan Ridley continues to recover from knee surgery, but has reportedly found a new home with the New York Jets.
Continue for updates.
Ridley Reportedly Signs With Jets
Wednesday, April 8
Ian Rapoport of NFL Network reported that Ridley is signing with the New York Jets.
On April 2, Manish Mehta of the New York Daily News reported that Ridley left New York without a deal. Ridley had an extended visit with the Jets ands stayed in New York overnight, per Mike Garafolo of Fox Sports.
Ridley to Visit Redskins
Tuesday, April 7
ESPN's Mike Reiss reported that Ridley plans to meet with the Redskins on Tuesday.
Ridley Seeking to Add Value to New Team
Sunday, March 29
Ridley's NFL career has been a conflicted one.
On one hand, he's proved to be a talented runner between the tackles and has a 1,000-yard season under his belt. On the other, he's struggled with injuries and ball-security issues during his time in the NFL, a major reason why the New England Patriots seem unlikely to re-sign him this offseason.
Well, that and the presence of LeGarrette Blount, James White and Brandon Bolden.
But Ridley has flashed enough talent in his young career to garner some interest in free agency. He looked like he was going to be the running back of the future for New England in 2012, finishing with 1,263 rushing yards and 12 touchdowns. He missed two games in 2013 and saw both his rushing yards (773) and touchdowns (seven) decline, losing carries in large part to his four lost fumbles.
He was having an up-and-down season for the Patriots in 2014, appearing in six games and finishing with 340 rushing yards and two touchdowns, but he was lost in Week 6 for the year, tearing his ACL and MCL in a game against the Buffalo Bills.
Ridley has talent, though—there's no question about that. A team looking to add another running back would be wise to give him a long look. He probably cannot be trusted as a lead back at this point given his fumbling woes, but in a platoon as the between-the-tackles masher, he still has the ability to excel.
In New England, he became surplus to requirements. For another team that needs to add some muscle in the running game, however, he might be a solid fit.
Well it looks like we need to add a piece to those roster needs for Dallas. FC Dallas and US Soccer released information tonight that center back George John has left USA camp to pursue an opportunity overseas.
This comes as somewhat of a surprise as I'd been told in the past that a January transfer was unlikely for John, but this latest move has to signal the end of George John's time in Dallas. We'll have more reaction when the move is finalized, but two quick thoughts.
Hernan Pertuz's role on FC Dallas just got a whole lot bigger and Dallas has to go out and get another top line center back. The other thought is that this is good news in the sense that a January 2012 transfer of George John hurts short term but the money they get for him should be pretty significant and this move is far preferrable to John leaving next January for nothing.
More to come on this as it becomes available...
Washington, D.C.--Only six months into its Mercury orbit, the tiny MESSENGER spacecraft has shown scientists that Mercury doesn't conform to theory. Its surface material composition differs in important ways from both those of the other terrestrial planets and expectations prior to the MESSENGER mission, calling into question current theories for Mercury's formation. Its magnetic field is unlike any other in the Solar System, and there are huge expanses of volcanic plains surrounding the north polar region of the planet and cover more than 6% of Mercury's surface. These findings and other surprises are revealed in seven papers in a special section of the September 30, 2011, issue of Science.
Surface Surprises
Two of the seven papers indicate that the surface material is more like that expected if Mercury formed from similar, but less oxidized, building blocks than those that formed its terrestrial cousins, perhaps reflecting a variable proportion of ice in the initial accretionary stages of the planets. Measurements of Mercury's surface by MESSENGER's X-Ray and Gamma-Ray Spectrometers also reveal substantially higher abundances of sulfur and potassium than previously predicted. Both elements vaporize at relatively low temperatures, and their abundances thus rule out several popular scenarios in which Mercury experienced extreme high-temperature events early in its history.
"Theorists need to go back to the drawing board on Mercury's formation," remarked the lead author of one of the papers, Carnegie's Larry Nittler. "Most previous ideas about Mercury's chemistry are inconsistent with what we have actually measured on the planet's surface."
Volcanism
For decades scientists had puzzled over whether Mercury had volcanic deposits on its surface. MESSENGER's three flybys answered that question in the affirmative, but the global distribution of volcanic materials was not well constrained. New data from orbit show a huge expanse of volcanic plains surrounding the north polar region of Mercury. These continuous smooth plains cover more than 6% of the total surface of Mercury.
Another lead author, James Head of Brown University, said that the deposits appear typical of flood lavas, like those found in the few-million-year-old Columbia River Basalt Group on Earth. "Those on Mercury appear to have poured out from long, linear vents and covered the surrounding areas, flooding them to great depths and burying their source vents,"
Scientists have also discovered vents, measuring up to 25 kilometers (km) (15.5 miles) in length, that appear to be the source of some of the tremendous volumes of very hot lava that have rushed out over the surface of Mercury and eroded the substrate, carving valleys and creating teardrop-shaped ridges in the underlying terrain.
New landforms
MESSENGER revealed an unexpected class of landform on Mercury and suggest that a previously unrecognized geological process is responsible for its formation. Images collected during the Mariner 10 and MESSENGER flybys of Mercury showed that the floors and central mountain peaks of some impact craters are very bright and have a blue color relative to other areas of Mercury. These deposits were considered to be unusual because no craters with similar characteristics are found on the Moon. But without higher-resolution images, the bright crater deposits remained a curiosity.
Now MESSENGER's orbital mission has provided close-up, targeted views of many of these craters. The bright areas are composed of small, shallow, irregularly shaped depressions that are often found in clusters said David T. Blewett, a planetary scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) and lead author of one of the Science reports. "The science team adopted the term 'hollows' for these features to distinguish them from other types of pits that are found on Mercury."
Hollows have been found over a wide range of latitudes and longitudes, suggesting that they are fairly common across Mercury. Many of the depressions have bright interiors and halos, and Blewett says the ones detected so far have a fresh appearance and have not accumulated small impact craters, indicating that they are relatively young.
"Analysis of the images and estimates of the rate at which the hollows may be growing lead to the conclusion that they are actively forming today," Blewett says. "The old conventional wisdom was that 'Mercury is just like the Moon.' But from its vantage point in orbit, MESSENGER is showing us that Mercury is radically different from the Moon in just about every way we can measure."
Magnetic Field
Earth, Mercury, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune all have intrinsic magnetic fields, but MESSENGER found that Mercury's weak field is different. So too are particle acceleration processes in Mercury's magnetosphere, as described in a paper by lead author George Ho of APL. MESSENGER's observations of energetic electrons indicated that their distribution is not consistent with what are known as Van Allen radiation belts. These belts are bands of charged particles that interact with the magnetic field and surround the planets.
Mercury's magnetic equator is also well to the north of the planet's geographic equator. The best-fitting internal dipole magnetic field is located about 480 km (298 miles), northward of the planet's center.
The team found that sodium is the most important plasma ion contributed by the planet to the magnetosphere. "We had previously observed neutral sodium from ground observations, but up close we've discovered that charged sodium particles are concentrated near Mercury's polar regions where they are likely liberated by solar wind ion sputtering, effectively knocking sodium atoms off Mercury's surface" notes the University of Michigan's Thomas Zurbuchen, author of one of the Science reports. "We were able to observe the formation process of these ions, one that is comparable to the manner by which auroras are generated in the Earth atmosphere near polar regions."
MESSENGER's Fast Imaging Plasma Spectrometer detected helium ions throughout the entire volume of Mercury's magnetosphere. "Helium must be generated through surface interactions with the solar wind," says Zurbuchen. "We surmise that the helium was delivered from the Sun by the solar wind, implanted on the surface of Mercury, and then fanned out in all directions."
"Our results tell us is that Mercury's weak magnetosphere provides very little protection of the planet from the solar wind," he continued. "Extreme space weather must be a continuing activity at the surface of the planet closest to the Sun."
"In the history of exploration of our planetary system, the first spacecraft to orbit a planet has always yielded stunning surprises, and MESSENGER has been true to that pattern," notes Carnegie's Sean Solomon, MESSENGER Principal Investigator. "Our first good views of the polar regions, our first high-resolution images, our first continuous observations of the exosphere and magnetosphere, and our first opportunity to collect time-consuming measurements of surface composition have all returned unexpected results. Mercury is not the planet described in the textbooks. Although a true sibling of Venus, Mars, and Earth, the innermost planet has had a much more exciting life than anyone predicted."
MESSENGER (MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging) is a NASA-sponsored scientific investigation of the planet Mercury and the first space mission designed to orbit the planet closest to the Sun. The MESSENGER spacecraft launched on August 3, 2004, and entered orbit about Mercury on March 18, 2011, to begin a one-year study of its target planet. Dr. Sean C. Solomon, of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, leads the mission as Principal Investigator. The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory built and operates the MESSENGER spacecraft and manages this Discovery-class mission for NASA.
###
The Carnegie Institution for Science (carnegiescience.edu) is a private, nonprofit organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., with six research departments throughout the U.S. Since its founding in 1902, the Carnegie Institution has been a pioneering force in basic scientific research. Carnegie scientists are leaders in plant biology, developmental biology, astronomy, materials science, global ecology, and Earth and planetary science.
Just over 40 years ago the U.S. government passed a federal law regulating atmospheric emissions – the Clean Air Act. Without it, the air we breathe today would be very different. Rather than stretching up into a clear blue skyline, U.S. cities would be polluted with smog, limiting visibility and posing a public health risk to everyone exposed to it.
Air Pollution in U.S. Cities
To determine what pollution concentration levels would be like today if the Clean Air Act was not enforced and no action were taken to reduce air pollution levels, we used an equation.* The formula converted the concentration of particles in the air to visibility in miles and adjusted for impurity levels from China's most polluted city, Xingtai, to American cities (according to population).
Take a look at our results in the images below. You'll be very thankful that we adopted the Clean Air Act.
Alternate Reality: U.S. Cities Without the Clean Air Act
Chicago: The view from the Skydeck of the Willis Tower would not be so spectacular if the skyline were shrouded in haze.
Embed This Graphic
Dallas: The 360-degree view from Dallas' Reunion Tower would give you a panoramic look at 50 shades of gray.
Embed This Graphic
Houston: The tree-lined streets of Houston would be gritty, grimy, and gray.
Embed This Graphic
Los Angeles: The home of Tinsel Town would not be so glitteringly fabulous if it were smothered in smog.
Embed This Graphic
New York: The subdued green of the Statue of Liberty on Liberty Island in New York Harbor would be submerged in a sea of smog.
Embed This Graphic
Philadelphia: You wouldn't be able to read the time on City Hall's clock tower or see much from the observation deck if Philly were swathed in smog.
Embed This Graphic
Phoenix: Yep, if the heat in Phoenix didn't kill you first, the air pollutants might …
Embed This Graphic
San Antonio: Rather than marking the fight for independence from Mexico, The Alamo and its residents would be fighting a battle for survival in a heavily polluted city.
Embed This Graphic
San Jose: All the technology in the world would not improve the outlook for San Jose if it were entombed in smog.
Embed This Graphic
Causes & Effects of Atmospheric Pollution
Air pollution occurs when particulate matter, biological agents, or other harmful pollutants are introduced into the atmosphere, posing both an environmental and human health risk. The World Health Organization (WHO) considers air pollution to be the “contamination of the indoor or outdoor environment by any chemical, physical, or biological agent that modifies the natural characteristics of the atmosphere.”
Causes of Air Pollution
Pollutants can enter the atmosphere from many different sources, including smoke from household fires, wildfires, industrial facilities, and motor vehicle exhaust fumes. Fossil fuels – such as coal, gasoline, oil, and natural gas – are burned to generate energy. That energy helps us stay warm, keeps factories in production so they can manufacture the stuff we consume, powers our gadgets, and runs our motor vehicles; it also creates carbon dioxide (CO2), which is released into the atmosphere in the process.
Carbon dioxide is not only an abundant greenhouse gas that is a key culprit in global warming and climate change, but it also gives us a good indication of how much fossil fuel is being burned as well as a clearer picture of the extent of pollutants being emitted into the atmosphere as a consequence of this.
These atmospheric pollutants – including nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide, which can cause acid rain – can damage natural ecosystems as well as the built environment. They can harm other living organisms, including both animals and plants (food crops too), and can cause allergies and serious diseases in humans, which can even be fatal.
How Does Air Pollution Affect Our Health?
According to the EPA, when we are exposed to high levels of hazardous air pollutants for an extended period of time, we face a greater risk of suffering serious health effects, including respiratory diseases, neurological disorders, reduced fertility, damage to our immune system, and increased risks of getting cancer. As air pollution in urban areas increases, so does the potential risk of heart disease, stroke, lung cancer, and chronic and acute respiratory diseases, such as asthma, for residents of these cities.
Furthermore, some toxins that are emitted into the atmosphere are deposited onto soils, freshwater bodies, and the surface of the oceans, where they may be absorbed by plants or ingested by fish and other wildlife. Mercury, for example, is a highly toxic air pollutant that persists in the environment in the form of methylmercury, and as it is stored in the body fat of animals, it bioaccumulates. This makes it more and more concentrated further up the food chain.
Consequently, top predators, such as East Greenland polar bears that live hundreds of miles from the source of the pollution, have the highest levels of mercury in their bloodstream ever measured in arctic mammals. As top predators, humans are also at risk when consuming contaminated food items, such as tuna – a predatory fish high up the marine food chain that is known to contain significant levels of mercury.
Methylmercury is a potent neurotoxin that can cause serious health effects to both animals and humans exposed to it at high levels. The possible health effects? Impaired speech, vision, hearing, and walking; tingling sensations in the hands, feet, and around the mouth; muscle weakness and loss of coordination. Fetal exposure to methylmercury while in the mother's womb can result in developmental, cognitive, and motor coordination problems in infants and children.
Worst Case Scenario: Xingtai, China
The World Health Organization considers atmospheric pollution to be the greatest environmental threat to human health, resulting in more than 3 million deaths worldwide every year. A large percentage of those fatalities are from China, which has arguably the worst air pollution record in the world.
This can largely be attributed to its high population and thriving industrial sector, with government policy historically focusing more heavily on economic growth than environmental health. According to the latest annual estimates put forward by the World Health Organization, 299,400 people die prematurely in China each year due to poor air quality. A recent air quality assessment report of major Chinese cities shows that out of the five cities studied, Beijing, Chengdu, and Shenyang fair the worst, while Guangzhou has the best air quality, followed by Shanghai.
The concentration of atmospheric particulate matter of a size that is able to penetrate the human lungs and blood stream (PM2.5 micrometers) is 10 times greater in Beijing compared with that of New York, and it threatens the health of 22 million citizens living in the Chinese capital. However, Beijing is not the most polluted city in China; this honor is bestowed on the industrial city of Xingtai, with a PM2.5 reading of 128 micrograms per cubic meter – 110 micrograms higher than the 10 micrograms per cubic meter of PM2.5 recommended by WHO as a level for safe air.
Impact of the Clean Air Act
The U.S. can largely thank the Clean Air Act, which was originally passed in 1973 and amended in 1990, for its clean air record compared with that of China. Without these regulations, the air in U.S. cities could be as bad, if not worse, than that of Chinese cities.
The Clean Air Act was passed to reduce the impacts of air pollution on both environmental and human health. It requires the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to regulate and monitor atmospheric emissions and toxic pollutants that pose a risk to public health.
According to the Union of Concerned Scientists, since the Clean Air Act was passed over 40 years ago, pollution levels have been cut dramatically, preventing the premature deaths of over 400,000 people as well as preventing hundreds of millions of people from contracting diseases related to air pollution. Some of the key air quality improvements since the Clean Air Act was implemented include the following:
Surface ozone levels have dropped by over 25% since 1980.
Mercury emissions have been reduced by 45% since 1990.
The two key pollutants responsible for acid rain – nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide – have been reduced by 46% and 71% respectively, since 1980.
Chemicals that are responsible for the hole in the ozone layer, such as CFCs, have been phased out and are no longer produced or used extensively.
Lead in gasoline has been substantially reduced, resulting in lead air pollutants being cut by 92% since 1980.
Thankfully, the U.S. has been proactive in its approach to curbing atmospheric pollution. As we can see in the slider images of our cities above, rather than being surrounded by clean air and blue skies, we could be experiencing a very different doom-and-gloom scenario if the Clean Air Act was not introduced back in 1970.
Methodology
This project was created to illustrate the importance of the Clean Air Act to our everyday life, our health, and the environment. We juxtaposed two images of each skyline: One image is what the city looks like today, and the other image is a modified rendering of the skyline that shows what visibility could look like if there were no Clean Air Act due to excessive smog and pollution.
The first step was to determine which city to use as a basis for comparison. We selected the Chinese industrial city of Xingtai because it is one of the world's most polluted cities. The goal was to have an image showing what the cities in our study would look like if they had similar pollution levels.
Next, we used an equation* that translates the concentration of particles in the air to visibility in miles. The book “Energy Development, West Central North Dakota” published the equation. We adjusted visibility in each city to account for population.
Finally, we used a graphic designer to apply the visibility effects (based on the equation) to our images.
The U.S. cities with the largest populations were chosen.
*Equation:
Adj. Max. Daily PM2.5 for Population = (US Pop. / Xingtai Pop.) * Max Daily PM2.5 for Xingtai
V L = (A * 10^3)/G'
V L = Equivalent visual range.
A = 0.75 Adjusted for miles
G = Micrograms per cubic meter.
Sources
Fair Use
Be kind to the environment and to the authors of this article. If you plan to share it with others, we ask that you attribute a link back to this page.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 17, 2017, 9:40 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 17, 2017, 12:26 PM GMT By Carlo Angerer
CAMPIA TURZII, Romania — Two American F-15 fighter jets roar down the runway, afterburners glowing, for a near vertical lift-off that pierces through an opening in the clouds.
Moments later, two Romanian MiG-21s follow them for a simulated dogfight over the hilly landscape of Transylvania.
Amid ongoing tensions with Russia, this training session in the former Communist corner of Southeast Europe is part of a wider U.S. military program — Operation Atlantic Resolve — that presents a show of force to potential foes.
“Two of those guys versus two of us came to a merge and there was fighting from there,” said Maj. John. M., one of the F-15 pilots. (The U.S. Air Force asks reporters not to publish his full name for security reasons).
In addition to the diplomatic standoff between the United States and Russia, concerns have been growing over a massive military exercise planned by Moscow over the next month. With thousands of Russian troops involved, Zapad 2017 could become the country's largest military exercise since the end of the Cold War.
With American bases drastically reduced across Europe in recent decades, temporary deployments such as the 159th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron's currently stationing at Campia Turzii, Romania, are a way to show both allies and potential enemies that the U.S. military is still active in the region.
U.S. F-15s temporarily stationed at Campia Turzii, Romania. Carlo Angerer
“Operation Atlantic Resolve is our steadfast commitment to support our NATO allies in regional and collective security,” explains Lt. Col. George Downs, the squadron's commander.
The program has already seen the return of A-10 Thunderbolt II "tankbuster" aircraft to Europe after military officials decided in 2015 that threats from Russia, ISIS, and others throughout Europe and North Africa demanded a renewed presence.
The 159th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron's roughly 300 airmen and 12 F-15C Eagle fighter jets from the Louisiana and Florida Air National Guards have been running training missions across Europe this summer.
The squadron has taken over part of a hangar at the airfield and set up tents to support the mission, just as they would in a wartime deployment.
“We're training with our Romanian allies so that we're better integrated with them in case of future conflict,” Downs says.
The U.S. Air Force stages drills alongside Romanian MiG-21s. Carlo Angerer
“We learn from them and their techniques and tactics, and at the same time, we're teaching them alongside them with our tactics and techniques, so that we are more integrated with them.”
The training mission also gives U.S. pilots the rare chance to intercept aircraft such as the Romanian MiG-21, a supersonic fighter designed in the former Soviet Union.
“When we're back home we're typically used to training against ourselves, we're always used to seeing F-15s in the air, which is a relatively big fighter,” says Maj. John M. “A MiG-21, which looks different, is quite a bit smaller, always creates a challenge to find them in the sky.”
We've been excited about Microsoft SmartGlass since we first got a look at it during E3, and now it's time for Android users to get in on the fun: the app has officially been released for Google's mobile platform. The app requires Android 4.0 or higher, and will allow users to interact with their Xbox 360 to control video playback, navigate the interface, and search content. The real magic happens to it comes to interactive content, however: as we saw back in June, game developers and content creators can use the SmartGlass platform to offer additional information, second-screen gameplay, and even let users browse the actors in the scene of a given movie to see what else the peformers have been in.
It's not yet clear how much content has been equipped with SmartGlass functionality just yet — and there's no sign of the iOS app for that matter, either. Still, this release is an important step towards Microsoft making its new vision for the living room come to fruition. If you'd like to try it out for yourself, it's available for download in the Google Play Store now.
This is a gift that when I opened the amazon packaging I did not know what to think. It looked like a medical book to me. I'll be honest I said WTF in my head. But this is the season of giving so my inner confusion subsided and my mind opened to the possibility of what I was given. I flipped through a few pages and my unease returned. Skewed text on pages. Pages with a sentence or two. Or as the third image shows a wall of text. Another interesting page I came across was one with a quote from Poe and then lines of what looked like braille.
Well with my confusion comes the search for answers what was I given. So to the all-knowing internet I went. I looked up the book and see it is a well reviewed book. On goodreads.com it has 46% giving it 5 stars with only 3% giving it 1 star. This book scored well on Amazon as well with 348 out of 685 people giving it 5 stars. 81 people giving it 1 star. So it can be said it a well reviewed book.
So in the end I will say thanks to my secret Santa this was surly not a gift I could have thought of getting from my SS but that just might make it that much more of a special gift. Not sure what made you decide to give me this book. In the end I thank you for it and I will enjoy reading it in the coming weeks when I can sit down and get to reading.
Thank you Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Despite being under federal court oversight for a dozen years, the Oakland Police Department still appears to be targeting African Americans and engaging in racial profiling on a regular basis. As we noted in a news story last week, from April 2013 to October 2014, 59 percent of stops made by OPD were of blacks, even though African Americans make up only 28 percent of the city's population. A closer look at the data also reveals that a supermajority of stops by OPD were for traffic violations — 67 percent. And according to experienced defense attorneys in the East Bay, a significant number of such stops by police are for minor vehicle code infractions — such as a broken taillight — that present no real threat to public safety.
OPD's ongoing crackdown on minor vehicle code infractions also represents a war on poor people, not only because low-income residents are more likely to drive older cars with maintenance issues, but also because police spend a disproportionate amount of time patrolling neighborhoods that have large numbers of people living below the federal poverty level.
According to attorneys in the Alameda County Public Defender's Office who represent low-income defendants stopped by police, cops often record vehicle code stops as being "traffic violations," or part of a category known as "reasonable suspicion." Reasonable suspicion is a loose legal standard that essentially allows police officers to stop people when they reasonably suspect the person had broken a law (or was about to), including a vehicle code rule. In Oakland, traffic violations and reasonable suspicion are two of the three most commonly cited reasons for stopping people, with traffic violations being the most common by far. Those two categories represented 33,239 of the 44,142 stops in the eighteen months in question — 75 percent.
The data also shows that 73.5 percent of the motorists stopped by police in that period for traffic violations were black (53.2 percent) or Latino (20.2 percent). The percentage of motorists stopped who were white, by contrast, was just 14.9. For reasonable suspicion, the numbers are even starker: 86.4 percent of the people stopped by OPD were either black (73.1 percent) or Latino (13.3). Whites represented just 7.7 percent.
Although the data that OPD provided to the Express does not specify the exact vehicle codes that motorists had violated, defense attorneys say that stops for traffic violations and reasonable suspicion often involve relatively minor infractions. For example, Alameda County Deputy Public Defender Seth Morris noted that police can pull people over if one of the two light bulbs that illuminate a license plate is burned out.
"It's a problem of being poor," said Morris, who wrote an op-ed published on Salon.com last month, noting that courts nationwide have been quietly helping police prey on poor people by allowing cops to pull over motorists for a host of minor issues. "It's hard to maintain a vehicle in the way the vehicle code demands."
OPD brass and supporters of the police department have repeatedly defended police officers' actions by arguing that blacks and Latinos are more likely to be stopped because they're far more likely to commit serious crimes in Oakland. But OPD's stop data doesn't back up that assertion. The numbers reveal that 84 percent of black people stopped by OPD during the eighteen months had not committed a crime worthy of being arrested, and thus were released by police. For Latinos, 90 percent of those stopped were not arrested.
In other words, OPD is stopping huge numbers of black and brown motorists for no good reason. Plus, this dragnet approach to policing represents a hidden tax on those who can least afford it. Stops for vehicle code infractions — whether they result in an arrest or not — also commonly include some sort of citation. Motorists then must not only pay a fine, but also must pay for repairs that, in reality, are often not that necessary.
Being constantly pulled over for driving while black or brown can also make communities feel as if they're under siege by an occupying force. It breeds distrust of police and government — a longtime problem in Oakland — and often results in people of color being less likely to cooperate with law enforcement when they witness a crime. That, in turn, can worsen crime in a city.
It's also lazy policing. Indeed, it's much easier to pull over a black motorist with a broken taillight than it is to actually investigate a violent crime and solve it. And it's no wonder that, while OPD has spent an inordinate amount of time stopping black and brown residents (roughly sixty a day), the department has historically had one of the worst records in the state for solving serious crimes.
So what can the city do about it? One solution would be for the city council to make minor vehicle code violations the lowest law enforcement priority in Oakland — as the council did previously with marijuana. The war on the poor is no more valid than the war on drugs, and it needs to stop.
WASHINGTON DC—Amid conflicting reports on the delivery of weapons and ammunition airdropped into northern Syria last week, the US military said Thursday it wasn't sure if the Kurds had recovered any of the packages.
“I don't have a breakdown of exactly where those—where everything went,” said the US Defense Dept. Spokesman Peter Cook. “My understanding is that…this specifically went to Syrian Arab forces and that there were other groups, opposition groups that may have also been able to recover some of the weaponry as well.”
American C-17 transport planes airdropped 45 tons of weapons and ammunitions in Syria's Hassakeh province last Sunday, which the US military said was destined for Syrian Arab rebels fighting the Islamic State (ISIS).
Following the airdrop, the Kurdish Peoples Protection Units (YPG) announced that the US had supplied them with new defense articles.
The Obama administration however, quickly denied the Kurds' claim about the delivery though the Pentagon and State Department briefly admitted on Thursday that some of the weapons had gone to the Kurds.
“Yes, yes. That's my understanding — Kurdish forces as well,” said Cook, pressed by reporters.
This brief admission was followed by a statement posted on the Pentagon website, insisting that the airdrop was only intended for US-approved Syrian rebels.
“Sunday's airdrop in northern Syria was intended for and successfully delivered to vetted Syrian Arab forces,” read the statement. “We have no indication at this time that any of that equipment was shared with any other groups,”
It is likely that the Kurdish YPG has taken possession of at least some of the weapons delivery since the group has a heavy presence in the Hassakeh region where it has repelled successive ISIS attacks in the last two years.
Earlier this week, Salih Muslim, head of the Democratic Union Party (PYD) who commands the YPG confirmed that the US had supplied arms to the YPG and that more was on the way.
Harrisburg's hub for train and bus travel will get a $15 million facelift over the next two years and receive another $50 to $60 million in the future for additional improvements and developments.
Gov. Tom Wolf announced Thursday state and federal governments were going to make significant long- and short-term investments to improve the battered Harrisburg Transportation Center.
The first phase of the project -- which will cost $15 million -- will include making improvements to the aging facility, said Transportation Secretary Leslie Richards. The improvements are planned to be completed in two years.
The initial $15 million will be used to install energy-efficient heating and cooling systems, replace multiple roofs, install new windows, renovate underutilized space and do what needs to be done to stabilize the building.
These improvements are necessary, Richards said, so that the state and federal government can invest more money in long-term projects.
The governor said the planned improvements to the transportation center will have a positive impact on the city. Once the initial $15 million improvements are made, another $50 to $60 million in state and federal funding has been pledged for long-range, development projects
The long-range projects would tie in surrounding businesses, neighborhoods and communities with the newly improved transportation center.
"When that happens here, what is already the centerpiece of the city will become an even bigger focus for development -- residential and commercial," Wolf said.
Harrisburg Mayor Eric Papenfuse said he believes the long-range projects and continued investment will make the transportation center "so much more."
Papenfuse said he believes improvements to the transportation center will serve as a catalyst for larger development throughout the city. The long-range projects will be a part of the city's comprehensive plan.
The long-range projects could include improving the nearby underpass, connecting the train station to surrounding neighborhoods, improving lighting, fostering residential development, implementing a bike-share program, constructing green spaces and making Market Street a two-way road.
"This is possible through the collective efforts of so many people focusing on how we can make this, literally, the center engine for economic development and continued revitalization of the city of Harrisburg," the mayor said.
"I think you're going to see amazing things to come out of here in the next several years."
All in the family: Jordan Rapana at home with his family. And he was treading water on a training contract at his second Super Rugby club in three years, the ACT Brumbies, with still no foreseeable opportunity of ever getting a game. So in mid-2013, ready to quit and retreat to the Gold Coast, Rapana sought a last-chance meeting with then-Canberra Raiders coach David Furner. Having barely released the grip on their handshake introduction, Rapana told Furner his story - absolutely everything. "I was in a dark place, really upset, down and cut up about my marriage," Rapana says. "It got me down a bit, a little bit of depression. I just wanted a change. She went back to the Gold Coast, so I didn't really want to go back there ... I just needed something different in my life.
"I said 'I'm not worried about money, I just want a crack'. I just told him I wanted a foot in the door, that I still felt like I was capable of playing in the NRL. I think he was blown away by it. He appreciated my honesty and a couple of days later I had a contract written up. "I felt very alone. I'd sacrificed so much time away to go and serve God and I just felt like he abandoned me a little bit. "But looking back at it now, everything happens for a reason." This is one motto Rapana now lives by. The other is a phrase printed on his family's loungeroom wall. "It says: 'We may not have it all together, but together we have it all'. That sums up our family in a nutshell," Rapana says.
Most days, Rapana's adopted younger sister Sharnia still sits outside the family's front door on the Gold Coast, the teenager with cerebral palsy and autism telling everyone she's waiting for her favourite big brother "Jordo" to come home. It's not likely to be anytime soon. Rapana, 25, made his comeback to the NRL last year, after a six-year absence, but this week the Canberra Raiders commenced negotiations to extend his contract. He will return from a hamstring injury to start for the Raiders at fullback against the St George Illawarra Dragons at Canberra Stadium on Saturday night. But Rapana acknowledges he may never have landed that NRL career lifeline had the Raiders not sacked star fullback Josh Dugan, now at the Dragons, early in 2013. He's wearing the Raiders' No.1 jersey this weekend, too, primarily because first-choice Jack Wighton is injured. But maybe this is one of those things Rapana talks about - the things that happen for a reason.
Rapana is the middle child of 10, including five adopted brothers and sisters. One is disabled, another deceased. It doesn't account for two cousins Rapana also calls his brothers, two boys his family took in and raised when their mother suddenly passed away. Nor does it include Bulldogs NRL star Sam Perrett, who virtually boarded with the family for five years during his schooling. Used to a life of hand-me-downs, Rapana clearly remembers the first new piece of clothing he ever received, as a six-year-old growing up in Wellington, New Zealand. "My dad went to do some work in Melbourne and he came back with these football jumpers for us," Rapana recalls. "We were into rugby [union] so I didn't quite know what it was. But he gave me a Canberra Raiders jersey - a Super League one - with the No.1 on it.
"When we moved to Australia, when I was nine, we started playing rugby league on the Gold Coast with Tugun Seahawks. But I had that jersey, so the Raiders were my team and Brett Mullins became my favourite player. "As I said, I believe everything happens for a reason ... it's funny now I'm playing here. "I'd love to stay, this place has given me a lot of opportunity. I love the Raiders ... I feel like the best part of my footy is still ahead of me." Rapana's backstory is already incredible. His family background only enhances it. Eli and Leearn Rapana married in their early 20s, starting their life together by living in a granny flat downstairs from Leearn's parents in Wellington.
One weekend, her parents volunteered to care for two infants who had been abandoned by their parents at a childcare centre. One of them was a two-year-old boy named Raymond. "He came downstairs one day into our granny flat and he never went back up," Leearn says,laughing. "He's 32 now, but he's still my baby. "My parents were foster parents and I vowed I'd never do that - famous last words." The couple have adopted five children, but prefer not to differentiate between them. Raymond is the oldest, Swayde, 14, the youngest. Velan passed away in 2012, aged seven.
They had adopted him as a one-year-old baby from Gold Coast Hospital, where Leearn was working as a nurse. He'd been born healthy in England, but contracted a virus on his way to Australia, suffered a cardiac arrest, died for 40 minutes, was revived and was in hospital in a vegetative state. "I lent down picked him up, and never put him down again," Leearn says. Rapana has the dates of Velan's birth and death tattooed on his torso. He has his family's Maori tribe, Ngati Toa, tattooed on his chest, over his heart. "[Velan's death] was hard but, because of our beliefs, it was a blessing, too - to know he was at peace," he says. The adoption of Shania, 18, was a similarly uplifting story. Leearn was working as a hairdresser in a Wellington salon when a client came in with her disabled baby.
"She was in a pram and I just picked her up," Leearn says. "I knew there was something wrong, but I just felt this real connection to this child. So two weeks later, I left my job and became a nanny for the mother and looked after Sharnia. When we relocated to Australia, I asked her mum if I could take her. "We couldn't have done all that as a family without each other ... all the children allowed us to share our love. We don't talk about it is as adoption - we acquired each other." Rapana is the only member of his family away from the Gold Coast, but he returns whenever possible. He spent the majority of the NRL off-season sleeping on a blow-up mattress on the lounge room floor of the crowded seven-bedroom home. Everything is done together as a family. Meals are eaten at an elongated table, flanked by bench seats.
"The first time I had a room to myself was when I moved out of home," Rapana says, having shared a converted garage as a bedroom with three brothers. "First in, first served, it doesn't matter who you are. They humble you very quickly when you're home. "That's always the way it's been, there's always enough room for everyone whether it's in a bed, on a couch, or mattresses on the floor. "Sometimes it gets crowded but then you leave and you appreciate it all the more. "I feel really blessed to have grown up the way I did. I've never gone without anything, there was always food on the table and someone to play with.
"If Mum could call me today and say 'we're adopting another brother or sister' it would be no shock to me. The amount of people who have come through the doors of our house, it's the next level. "When I settle down and have my family, I'd like to have a big family. I'd like to adopt kids as well, just because I had so much fun as a kid. "The amount of times my brothers who are adopted have said to Mum and Dad 'thanks for changing my life'. It's really touching ... it's given them an opportunity and changed their lives because they really did come from struggling backgrounds. It's good they've been given a second chance." Rapana is enjoying his own second chance in the NRL. Growing up, Rapana was the smallest of the six boys in his family. But his father Eli would stuff the toes of his boots with newspaper so he could wear his brothers' oversized hand-me-downs.
Every Saturday morning, the concreter would wake his boys at 6am and take them to Currumbin Beach to run the sand dunes and train in the shallows. While two of his brothers represented Australian Schoolboys, Rapana was the one who developed in his late teens. By 18, he'd overtaken them all, dubbed "Air Jordan" by the media for his five tries in his first five NRL games with the Gold Coast Titans in 2008. Then, like all his brothers, he surrendered it for his faith, to go on a two-year Mormon mission. "I know if I didn't go I'd probably be sitting here regretting it," Rapana says. "There was a lot of sacrifice I had to make, but looking back on it now I don't find it was a sacrifice at all. That proved to me that rugby's not the be all and end all. That's why I knew coming back to league, if I didn't make it, I wasn't going to go home and cry about it."
Out of the game for six years, Rapana made his NRL comeback late last year. It would have been earlier if Canberra's salary cap had allowed. Three games back, his career was stalled again, fracturing his skull in an accidental clash. The reconstructive surgery required cutting him from ear-to-ear and peeling back his face, needing 60 staples to piece him back together. He tried to tell his mum it was keyhole surgery, but his mum rang the surgeon. "There's protective then she takes it to another level," Rapana says. "She came to the first game against the Sharks this year and the first thing she yelled at me was 'where's your headgear?' "I honestly reckon I could have played the next week. I didn't think there was anything wrong, just a bit of a headache. The next couple of days it was gone. If they'd given me headgear with some hard plastic covering it I would have no doubt gone back out. It's just a hyped up injury that sounds worse than it is."
The Cronulla match was only the second game Rapana's mum had ever seen him play. "I'm going to be brutally honest, I don't like the game," she says. "If he never played league again, I didn't care. But as a mother I'm so proud of him, of his determination, to get up and keep going, because he's had a lot of knock backs." Raiders coach Ricky Stuart says Rapana has made the most of his second chance, too. Signed on "petrol money" in 2013, Rapana is now on a full-time contract and in the process of upgrading it. "His commitment and attitude has been terrific, it's a no-brainer," Stuart says. "He's found his zone. He's comfortable in Canberra, with the club and the club's comfortable with him." Furner, now an assistant coach with the North Queensland Cowboys, has watched Rapana's development from afar, always with their first meeting in the back of his mind.
"He was in a dark place, but I told him at the time, 'step in here, you've got a fresh start and a new challenge, then it's up to you'. "My first impression was a very honest kid, he was pretty adamant what he wanted to do, he just needed an opportunity. "The game changes year to year, so if you're out of the game as long as he was, it changes so much. It's taken him some time, but he's such a gifted, strong, powerful runner of the ball. The more he plays the better he'll get." Rapana says the return to the NRL has been sweeter than his debut season, way back in 2008, just because of the tough the journey back. "As a teenager I had that taste of it, I really wanted it back ... I have been blessed with an opportunity and I've got to try and make the most of it.
"Me getting a contract here in 2013 was one the best things that's happened for me. "I was gutted. Someone I loved so much, you never think that's going to happen, that they would leave you. You see your mum and dad still happy. Once you get married you think that's the person you're going to grow old with. "I'm happy now and that's what matters."
By Miguel Rivera
World Boxing Council President Mauricio Sulaiman is going through numerous matters at his organization's 55th annual convention in Baku.
And biggest matter on Sulaiman's agenda is the doping scandal involving Cuban Luis 'King Kong' Ortiz, who has a fight scheduled against WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder on November 4th at Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
A few days ago, it was revealed that Ortiz tested positive for Chlorothiazide and Hydrochlorothiazide, substances that according to the Cuban are contained in a drug that he's taking for high blood pressure.
The big problem is, Ortiz never told Voluntary Anti-Doping Agency that he was taking the prescribed medication.
Because of the circumstances, the WBC opened an express investigation, as they do not want to affect Wilder by stalling out the process. Wilder has had three opponents fail drug tests in the last 16 months.
"So far regarding (the fight), we have not ruled in any way. The issue is being reviewed.... including the fact that there is the positive result that (Ortiz) had in 2014 (for nandrolone). The fact that there is a process in which you must declare absolutely everything that you are taking at the moment of registering in the [drug testing] program and the moment people arrive to draw blood or urine... there you have the obligation to put writing what you are taking," Suliaman told ESPN Deportes.
"We are in the process mentioned, we are waiting for [Ortiz] to answer the questionnaire that was sent and we will make the determination in a rapid manner because there is a fight scheduled in a few weeks. In this case, the Ortiz process has to be much faster because there is a scheduled fight (for November 4) and we have the responsibility to the fighters and the public."
Sulaimán accepts that his organization's Clean Boxing Program has caused many headaches to the world of pugilism, but also says that there is no going back in this fight to make boxing a cleaner sport.
"It has been a complicated process, every time the phone rings and I see that it is the doctor (Margaret) Goodman (from the Voluntary Anti-Doping Agency) I start to tremble. Last year we closed the convention with the announcement of doping by Alexander Povetkin and now we begin this convention with Ortiz," Sulaiman said. "Wilder has been the most harmed, three opponents for Wilder have been found with a positive [result] in the [drug testing] process."
Pakayak is the ultimate packable hardshell kayak. Go where you want, store it where you want, carry it on your back, take it in your convertible and paddle it just like a traditional hard-shell kayak. And, it's made in the U.S.A.
We think that kayaking is one of the best things you can do in your free time. Six inches off the shore and you are on an instant vacation. Unfortunately, it's nearly impossible to get your kayak, in most of the places that we live, to and from the water without a pickup truck, or a roof rack and a buddy to help you carry and lift your kayak. For those who live in the cities, it can be next to impossible.
So, we've developed the Pakayak. The Pakayak Bluefin 14 is a hard-shell 14-foot kayak that nests inside itself to 3 1/2 feet and packs into a bag.
We want you to enjoy a lifetime of worry-free paddling so we designed the Pakayak to exceed all of our requirements for strength, watertightness and product life. Each of the sections of our Pakayak connect with a tongue and groove interlocking shape that compresses a silicone gasket to insure a watertight, dry boat. Each tongue and groove intersection acts as a bulkhead to increase the hull strength at the connecting seams. The sections are held together by our patented clamping system.
Each clamp is rated to hold over 500 lbf (pounds of force) providing 2500 lbf of force holding the Pakayak together at the cockpit and 2000 lbf of force at the other sections. The silicone gasket is designed for years and years of use but in the event that it were to be torn or damaged, it can be replaced on the spot with no tools or glue.
These show our bomb-proof tongue and groove mating section and silicone seal. See how the clamp will look and work in the illustration video below. For a full description, please see the FAQs.
To show you in real time that the Pakayak goes together in under 5 minutes, here's a very rough, uncut, actual speed video of the assembly.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Below is a video showing the watertight bulkheads in a prototype.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
See how our clamps pull the mating surfaces together to form a watertight seal then lock into place. Our latch has a safety catch to ensure that it cannot release unless you unlock it.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
"During my 6+ hour test on a river in Connecticut and on the choppy Long Island Sound, I kept experiencing two opposing disbeliefs: When I saw the kayak all packed up, I couldn't believe the unit becomes an efficient, floating boat. Conversely, when I was on the water, I couldn't believe I was paddling in a sectional kayak. The boat is sleek, at two feet wide, and it is exceptionally fast. It glided through calm river waters with ease and accelerated on a dime. Though narrow, it's also stable." GearJunkie
"At exactly two feet wide, the Blue Fin is plenty stable through wind-blown chop and the occasional rogue wave. It does not feel tippy, and I felt confident just sitting idle in it… As it is now, if you want a boat that combines portability with durability, the Pakayak is right for you." Outside Magazine
"...this could be a whole new class of kayaks that every brand comes out with and leaves us wondering how it didn't happen sooner." theupscout.com
"There are many options in inflatable and foldable kayak designs. While functional, none of them can perform like a real hard-side touring kayak and that's the main draw for the Pakayak Bluefin 14, which combines comfortable touring performance with an impressively portable modular design." coolthings.com
"The days of you having to tow your kayak on your car roof or hauling it in a cargo trailer are over, thanks to this kayak, which combines comfortable touring performance with an amazing portable modular design." technabob.com
Carry on your back to remote locations.
Check it on a plane and take it on vacation.
Store it in your condo, apartment or dorm room.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Pakayak tracks, handles, paddles and performs just like the best hard-shell kayaks on the market today. Check it out! The first video is in Florida and the second is in southern California.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Put on a spray skirt and roll away!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Below are the dimensions and details of the Pakayak Bluefin 14.
To help bring this ingenious product to the market, please support us by choosing one of the rewards on the right. Or, you can choose to skip the reward and just straight-up back us. Either way we are incredibly grateful for your support! Join in the evolution of kayaking!
Note: All Pakayaks will have a limited edition "I Backed" in the logo on the bow. Plus, as a special value for our supporters, all of our Kickstarter Pakayaks come with our “Mac Daddy Bag”, which will retail at $250! It will be made for us by a U.S. luggage manufacturer and will be the one bag that does it all! It will have:
large wheels to handle most any terrain
backpack straps to take it anywhere you can't roll it to
a sling strap to help get it in and out of the car
and, will easily fit in your Pakayak while your paddling!
Most importantly, it lets you take the Pakayak AND your 4-piece paddle in one bag! Check out the bag in the photos and you'll get the idea!
*Please Note - Additional fees will apply for shipping to Alaska and Hawaii. International shipments may incur extra fees depending on your location.
Team Pakayak is comprised of four partners: Doug Mackro, Zinelle Mackro, Phil Miller and Day Moore.
We each bring a completely different perspective and set of experiences to round out our company quite nicely. Doug is the inventor and designer, Zinelle creates the graphics and website, Phil manages operations and the manufacturing process, and Day creates the buzz, builds the carry bags and keeps growing our connections.
Doug and Zinelle embarked on this exciting endeavor 4 1/2 years ago. Day and Phil joined 2 1/2 years ago and we have all given our blood, sweat and tears to see Pakayak come to fruition. We four as a team are 100% dedicated to overcome any and all obstacles that may arise and bring this product to market.
Then, there are all the people who have helped us immensely along the way, giving countless hours of their time to help us get this far, we list them below. Now, you can help us finish the process and bring this product to market!
Check it out! Day is following a dolphin!
Give-back, eco-friendly and community are the three threads woven through the fabric of our company and the very framework of our individual lifestyles.
To that end, each Pakayak model will be named after an endangered marine animal with a percentage of profit from each sale (after Kickstarter) going toward efforts to save that particular species. Each Pakayak owner will receive information regarding the status of the named species and a way to monitor its progress. We would also like to provide updates on the status of the condition of our oceans to each Pakayak owner in the hope that awareness will foster stewardship. We also intend to join the member companies of 1% For The Planet in the future.
At Pakayak, we believe strongly in community. We have worked with a local high school's engineering department to design boat parts and accessories. In the future, we would like to work with local associations and organizations to bolster overall appreciation of nature and, more specifically, saving and cleaning our waters.
HOUSTON, March 2 (UPI) -- Two children are dead and one is critically injured in the Houston area in three separate shootings over the span of four days.
In all three shootings, children under the age of 6 years old pulled the trigger.
The latest incident happened Monday morning when a 5-year-old boy shot his 6-year-old brother once in the abdomen in northeast Harris County. The boy was shot with a 9 mm pistol and was taken to Memorial Hermann Hospital in critical condition.
"I have no idea how he got it, where it was at. We have a safe in here, so I have no idea if it was in the safe or if we were walking around with it, set it down somewhere. No idea," the victim's uncle, Thomas Gray, told KPRC-TV, Houston.
On Saturday, a 4-year-old Codrick Mantrell McCall Jr. died after he found a loaded handgun and shot himself in Houston. The boy's father, Codrick McCall Sr., told KPRC his son was under the care of a temporary guardian at the time of the incident.
On Friday, a 3-year-old boy died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in northwest Harris County. The boy died after being transported by medical helicopter to Memorial Hermann Hospital.
The boy was in one room with a young sibling while their mother was in another room at the time of the shooting.
RELATED Florida toddler shoots sleeping mother in leg
"I think parents need to be more cautious and take care of what they need to take care of instead of leaving that dangerous stuff out for kids to get ahold of. They need to take more precautions and put that stuff away in a safe place," said Don'Ja Helms, a neighbor of the 6-year-old boy who was shot Monday.
In an article last year in the Journal of Pediatrics, doctors at the Yale and Boston University medical schools said that firearms are the second-ranking cause of death for children and teenagers in the United States. They determined that in 2009 an average of 20 children and teens a day were hospitalized because of gun injuries.
Frances Burns contributed to this story.
The Left has always adored the socialist orientation and progressive politics of Western Europe. For the Left, the United States is retrograde and often worse: a racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, Islamophobic, fat, lazy, patriarchal, imperialistic, White Supremacist bully. This begs the question why folks on the Left would willingly choose to live in what they perceive to be the ninth circle of Dante's hell. Why not just move to Europe?
Unfortunately for the Left, Europe still shares some vestiges of common sense and often values security above misguided moral vendettas. The perverse utopia that the American Left dreams up about Europe is often far from the reality of the region. For example, Sweden, the supposed mecca of Leftist identity politics, has just overwhelmingly voted to ban the burqa.
“Women wearing a burqa in Switzerland will now be fined a whopping £6,500 after an overwhelming number voted to bring in ban,” reports the Daily Express, UK. The scope of the new legislation is far-reaching. The Express notes:
Muslim women can no longer wear the full-body garment in shops, restaurants or public buildings and anyone caught flouting the ban could be struck with a £6,500 fine. The local government of Ticino approved the referendum after the Swiss Parliament ruled that the ban did not violate the country's federal law.Two in three voters in the canton backed the move in an overwhelming result for a referendum, in the wake of heightened terrorist alerts across Europe. The law which MPs voted for only applies to veils which covers the body from head to foot worn by the 40,000 Muslim women in Switzerland and also applies to all tourists visiting the area.
In the wake of Islamic attacks against soft targets in Europe, most notably in Paris, Madrid, and London, European governments are taking the jihadist threat seriously. According to Quartz, “In 2004, in a highly controversial law, the secularist country forbade students in state-run schools to display any form of religious symbols, including veils, crosses or Jewish skullcaps,” adding, “In 2011, France went even further, forbidding concealment of people's face in public --- through a burqa, niqab (a version of the veil that leaves a slot for woman's eyes), but also masks or balaclavas...The penalty for the offense is $205 and can be forced to take a class on French values.”
Belgium, Italy, and Spain have similar bans. Barcelona banned burqas and niqabs in the city's municipal buildings in 2010. In 2013, officials in Italy even attempted to propose the so-called “anti-mosque” legislation, making it nearly impossible to build new Islamic prayer houses in the densely populated city of Lombardy.
As Europe uses a variety of security tools at its disposal to mitigate the threat of Islamic terror, the American Left shouts accusations of "Islamophobia," placing exaggerated fears of racism over the concrete fears of bloodshed and death.
Image (via AP): "Two sisters who were fined each 50 euro ($72), after they were caught wearing the full veil in public, show their citations to media outside the town hall in Brussels Wednesday Aug.17, 2011. France and Belgium have banned the wearing of burqa-style Islamic dress in public this year, and French businessman Rachid Nekkaz has pledged one million euros of his own money to pay the fines of any Muslim convicted."
WikiLeaks says it wants to publish the private information of verified users on Twitter. (Photo11: Kimihiro Hoshino, AFP/Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — WikiLeaks is taking heat for saying it wants to publish the private information of hundreds of thousands of verified Twitter users.
A Twitter account associated with the group said an online database would include such sensitive details as family relationships and finances.
"We are thinking of making an online database with all 'verified' Twitter accounts & their family/job/financial/housing relationships," the WikiLeaks Task Force account tweeted Friday. The tweet has since been deleted.
The account then tweeted: "We are looking for clear discrete (father/shareholding/party membership) variables that can be put into our AI software. Other suggestions?"
We are thinking of making an online database with all "verified" Twitter accounts & their family/job/financial/housing relationships. — WikiLeaks Task Force (@WLTaskForce) January 6, 2017
Wikileaks told journalist Kevin Collier on Twitter that the organization wants to "develop a metric to understand influence networks based on proximity graphs."
Twitter bans the use of Twitter data for "surveillance purposes." In a statement, Twitter said: "Posting another person's private and confidential information is a violation of the Twitter rules."
.@kevincollier No it is to develop a metric to understand influence networks based on proximity graphs. — WikiLeaks Task Force (@WLTaskForce) January 6, 2017
Twitter declined to say how many of its users have verified accounts but the Verified Twitter account which follows verified accounts currently follows 237,000. Verified accounts confirm the identity of the person tweeting by displaying a blue check mark.
Twitter says it verifies an account when "it is determined to be an account of public interest." Twitter launched the feature in 2009 after celebrities complained about people impersonating them on the social media service.
WikiLeaks says what it seeks to do is not different than what Wikipedia or LinkedIn do, mapping relationships.
And here's an example of what @LinkedIn does. Google? Facebook? Same. pic.twitter.com/c0L7HyZW4H — WikiLeaks Task Force (@WLTaskForce) January 6, 2017
"The idea is to look at the network of *relationships* that influence — not to publish addresses," it tweeted late Friday.
Twitter users blasted the Wikileaks proposal. Wikileaks has come under fire in the past for disclosing personal information such as social security numbers in the documents it publishes.
If you're verified on Twitter, Wikileaks is considering figuring out where you live and the names of your children. Really. pic.twitter.com/xkvFcKxU1j — Scott McGrew (@ScottMcGrew) January 6, 2017
HEADS UP
Official Wikileaks support announces plans for massive DOXXING OPERATION aimed at verified @Twitter users.
cc: @jack@Supporthttps://t.co/k0Nrxc2yAA — 🗽 (@leahmcelrath) January 6, 2017
@WLTaskForce I think this plan is creepy, I think you're creepy and I hope someone breaks into your house and rearranges your sofa cushions. — Ethan Lawrence (@EthanDLawrence) January 6, 2017
ok, you can start by providing the exact address, salaries, net worths, and all family members of the person(s) controlling this account https://t.co/Lr82qDffvA — The real Jon Brodkin (@jbrodkin) January 6, 2017
I am no expert (actually I am) but isn't threatening to dox hundreds of thousands of Twitter users a TOS violation? https://t.co/hRSt3C0fpL — Anil Dash (@anildash) January 6, 2017
This is a good plan. If you're Darth Vader. https://t.co/cTi48kPr4d — Matthew Green (@matthew_d_green) January 6, 2017
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jcJ4V2
CLOSE The Secret Service says an intruder scaled the outer fence by the South grounds and has been arrested. USA TODAY NETWORK
The White House as seen from the South Lawn in Washington. (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP)
WASHINGTON — A 26-year-old California man who allegedly jumped a perimeter fence at the White House was arrested late Friday after a uniformed Secret Service officer saw him walking across the grounds in a restricted area, according to a police report.
The suspect, identified by Washington, D.C., police as Jonathan Tran, 26, of Milpitas, Calif., was charged with entering or remaining in restricted grounds while using or carrying a dangerous weapon, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Saturday. Tran made his first court appearance Saturday afternoon.
The Associated Press reports authorities found two cans of Mace on Tran, including one inside his jacket pocket, according to a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court. Tran was also carrying a U.S. passport, an Apple laptop computer, a book written by Trump and a letter he had written to the president, the complaint said.
Tran will be held without bond, pending a hearing set for March 13.
President Trump, who was in the residence at the time but was not at risk, told reporters Saturday that the intruder was a "troubled person" and "very sad."
The president said the Secret Service did a "fantastic job" in nabbing the intruder.
The Secret Service said the incident occurred at about 11:38 p.m. when the man, who was carrying a backpack, scaled an outer perimeter fence by the Treasury Building and East Executive Avenue.
According to the Washington, D.C., police report, a uniformed Secret Service officer was standing at his fixed post on the South grounds of the 18-acre complex when he saw the suspect approaching from the east side in a restricted area.
The report stated that the man began to walk away as the officer walked toward him. When asked if he was holding an authorized pass, the suspect replied: "No, I am a friend of the president. I have an appointment."
Asked how he got there, the suspect, according to the report, told the officer, "I jumped the fence."
The report said security footage showed the suspect jumping the northwest courtyard fence of the Treasury building in a restricted area
The suspect's backpack was screened and "found to be free of any hazardous materials," the Secret Service statement said. The suspect has no criminal history nor any previous history with the U.S. Secret Service, according to a federal law enforcement official.
The South grounds of the White House complex is on the side nearest the Washington Monument and is where Marine One lands and takes off.
In the summer of 2015, sharper spikes were added to the fence surrounding the perimeter to discourage intruders. And last spring, the Secret Service proposed a new design with "intrusion detection technology."
Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy, who was named to the post two years ago to bring stability to an agency that was rocked by a series of security breaches and agent misconduct, retired just last week.
Before his departure, Clancy was lauded for guiding the agency through an unusually demanding period, which included the U.S. visit of Pope Francis and contentious primary and general election campaigns, capped by President Trump's inauguration.
A successor has not yet been named by President Trump.
Other notable incidents:
• On April 1, 2016, an individual who scaled the White House fence after throwing a backpack over it was taken into custody by Secret Service agents.
• On March 7, 2016, Secret Service officers tackled and arrested a man in a hoodie who apparently tried to breach the White House fence.
• On Thanksgiving Day 2015, the Secret Service apprehended a White House fence jumper who said he was trying to deliver a message.
• On Jan. 26, 2015, a government employee told the Secret Service that he lost control of a small drone before it crashed on the grounds of the White House. The perimeter was locked down for a time period as officials examined the drone.
• On Oct. 22, 2014, a man jumped the fence on the north lawn and was quickly taken down by security dogs before being arrested by the Secret Service.
• On May 23, 2014, Secret Service officers arrested a man who had stripped himself of all his clothing outside the White House. He was charged with assault and indecent exposure.
• On Nov. 11, 2011, a man fired a semiautomatic rifle at the White House. He had called President Obama "the anti-Christ." One bullet had struck an upstairs window but was stopped by bulletproof glass, according to the Secret Service. The president wasn't in the White House at the time
• On Sept. 11, 2014, a man wearing a Pikachu hat (from a fictional character in a video game) scaled the fence and entered the North Lawn where he was arrested.
Contributing: Susan Miller in Washington
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mxfxKa
(Vesti.Ru) – The right to transport oil and gas along the Northern Sea Route should only be given to the vessels under the Russian flag. Such proposal was formulated by Vladimir Putin. This is just one of the measures that will help to load domestic shipyards with orders, first of all – the “Zvezda” complex in Primorye. How else can the state help shipbuilders – the participants of the special meeting discussed today in the Kremlin.
“Zvezda” is the first shipyard for large-capacity shipbuilding in Russia, where giant tankers and gas carriers to drilling platforms will be launched. It should also become one of the largest in the world.
But it is not enough to build a factory, Putin says. The main thing is to provide it with stable orders.
“I know that the prospective plan for loading “Zvezda” by 2035 has been approved. We were talking about this at the enterprise itself when I was there last time. And this plan must certainly be carried out accurately, not only by Rosneft, but also by others. Yes, Rosneft is involved in this, but it is on my behalf. It's not only Rosneft's task, it's the task of the entire Russian shipbuilding industry. This is actually a national task – the development of production facilities and the creation of modern jobs at the Far East. That's why I'm asking you not to take this as a departmental, sectoral, or narrow business problem. This is our shared responsibility,” – Putin pointed out.
The shipyard in Bolshoy Kamen existed also in Soviet times. But today it is still being built from scratch. Moreover, on the money of oil workers. They also provide the pilot loading. Specially for the offshore projects.
In September 2017, in the presence of the president, four supply vessels of the ice class were laid here at once.
“Catherine the Great,” “Holy Mary,” “Vladimir Monomakh,” and “Alexander Nevsky” will be launched in 2019. The entire portfolio of orders from Rosneft includes already 24 vessels. Including five Aframax type tankers – environmentally friendly, with gas fuel. Another 15 LNG tankers of the Arctic class are ordered by Novatek. However, in order to make “Zvezda” profitable in 17 years, a lot more has to be built.
“The loading plan for the shipyards is to be completed by 2035, and is to consist of 178 ships of various types in the final form. Rosneft, for its part, will fully execute the loading instruction at the expense of its projects, that is about 56 vessels, while about 32 ships will be ordered by Gazprom, and, therefore, all will be prepared by the end of the year. The main terms of the orders with Novatek and other customers have been signed,” Igor Sechin, CEO of PJSC NK Rosneft, informed the public.
“I want to remind you of the mutual responsibility of shipbuilders and customers. Customers placing orders should be confident in the precise execution of the contract, and know that they will receive products of an appropriate quality, at an economically reasonable price, and in a timely manner. On this account, the owners of the shipyard must give clear financial guarantees,” – the president of Russia warned.
It is known that both South Korea and China are already getting interested in “Zvezda.” The shipbuilding complex should start working at its full capacity by 2024.
The president has repeatedly underlined: he personally controls the construction of Russia's largest shipyard in the Far East. But today's meeting in the Kremlin should give a new impetus to the development of the entire Russian shipbuilding industry.
Currently, shipyards in Kaliningrad, Murmansk, and St. Petersburg are loaded with orders.
The world's largest nuclear icebreaker – “Siberia” – has recently launched the “Baltic Plant.”
Three more of the same are in plans. In the meantime, shipbuilders are already developing design documentation for the icebreaker, which will be twice as powerful as “Siberia.”
“Leader” is a real Arctic SUV. Actually, it is quite possible to assemble it in the new “Zvezda,” where the documents for obtaining a license for nuclear shipbuilding are already being issued. Especially, since Russia plans to make the Northern Sea Route an all-season global transport artery.
So, today, Putin promised to grant the exclusive right to transport and store hydrocarbons to the vessels under the Russian flag. Everything to strengthen the position of the Russian shipping companies.
translated by Anna Lutskova De Bacci
The Labor party needs to own up and muscle up in response to the Australian Human Rights Commission's Forgotten Children report. The report brings the human damage done – at least to children – by our immigration detention system into plain view.
Much of the Commission's report is highly critical of the actions taken by the ALP when in government. If Labor wants to regain any moral authority on the issue of children in detention specifically, and asylum seekers generally, it should stop sidestepping its own past policy decisions. The Labor opposition can and should face up to the disastrous consequences to children of its immigration and detention decisions in government.
Labor should also fully acknowledge that the Abbott government has made improvements, such as releasing some children into the community. Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs says in her report that the Commission “is pleased to recognise (the Abbott government's) changes as being in the best interests of many asylum seeker children.”
Only once Labor has taken these steps will it possess the credibility to demand that the Abbott government face its own failings: using children locked up in detention as bargaining chips in Senate negotiations and as a cruel human warning system to other asylum seekers, keeping children in detention for longer periods of time, and turning a blind eye to the suffering of children when presented with the Commission's report.
And then perhaps as a nation we can face the most crucial facts of all uncovered in the report – that of 1,129 asylum seeker children detained by the Australian government there have been:
233 assaults involving children
33 reported sexual assaults
128 incidences of self-harm
34% who require psychiatric support
The flippant and political response by the Abbott government to these findings is appalling. The prime minister and some of his cabinet have behaved as though they don't care about the wellbeing and safety of children in their custodial care.
Tony Abbott, Scott Morrison, Peter Dutton and others continue to claim they have saved asylum seeker children's lives by stopping the boats. Let's stop kidding ourselves. People are not safer because our government stopped the boats. They are just suffering and dying somewhere else where they no longer disturb our view.
Asylum seekers take perilous boat journeys with their children because they judge the risk of violence, persecution and death where they are to be greater than the risk of getting on that boat. This is even truer than our country cut the number of refugees we take from the so-called “queue”, leaving more and more people in desperate circumstances. The good news resulting from “stopping the boats” and detaining people offshore isn't for asylum seekers, it is for us – we don't have to see or worry about them anymore.
One of the most under-reported aspects of the Forgotten Children report is the response of Human Rights Commissioner Tim Wilson. His description of the damage detention is doing to asylum seeker children is sobering. He has urged the Abbott government to give the findings proper consideration, saying:
The report is called The Forgotten Children report and the worst thing we could do out of that report is distract even further from those forgotten children and the human consequences and addressing those challenges into the future.
If only attorney general George Brandis would heed Wilson on this in the same way he listened to him on 18c.
There are still asylum seeker children being detained by the Australian government. There are asylums seeker children who have been released by the Australian government, some perhaps for more than a decade, who are still suffering the results of their detention.
Both Labor and the Coalition can make amends now by standing up for children and by taking the Human Rights Commission's findings on their merits, including the recommendation that there be a royal commission.
A royal commission would lay bare what damage Australia, under governments of both political stripes, has done to asylum seeker children. It would make clear recommendations on how we help those we have hurt and on how to avoid making the same mistakes again.
Those who claim Australia doesn't need to learn this lesson need to think about how often we have, as a nation, failed the children in our care. The Stolen Generation. The Royal Commission into Institutional Child Sexual Abuse.
It might be next year, it might be in 10 years or in two decades, but in our lifetimes there will be a royal commission into Australia's treatment of asylum seekers. Our children and grandchildren will wonder how we allowed it all to happen.
Oh, Elsa. What are we going to do with you.
Frozen is purportedly set in the 1830's-40's, but I've been obsessed with finding a style that could marry her coronation gown with her ice gown more seamlessly; the open robes you see during the Regency era, including those being worn by Scandinavian royalty at the time, seemed a particularly apt analog for her... weird underarm-cape. Thing. You also see her mom wearing something very similar for something like ten years, so it's not a huge stretch to think it could be a popular look in Arendelle. THAT'S MY EXCUSE.
I initially designed this for her coronation, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to explore how that same silhouette might work with her ice gown as well. Someday, theoretically, I would love to do a more literally iced-up version of her gown, but I figured the alternate colour way would be a nice middle ground to strike. You can see the other version HERE:
-C
( See the rest of the series HERE , and check out the FAQ HERE )
A male on-the-job driver trainer urinated in the presence of a female trainee driver while he was assessing her competency. She later made an error and failed her assessment, and was ultimately dismissed by Metro. The trainer still holds a senior instructional role, having been cleared of wrongdoing over the incident.
A Metro manager's car was vandalised, and threats and abusive comments towards him and a second manager were written on staff toilet walls. One of the managers, who lived alongside a rail line, was subjected to an alleged campaign of intimidation by train drivers who blasted their train horns when they passed his house late at night and early in the morning. A message left on a toilet wall. The two managers were in charge of a Metro initiative to teach maintenance staff to move trains inside depots, which was fiercely opposed by the Locomotive Division of the Rail Tram and Bus Union, because the union feared Metro would use the course to create a lesser-skilled and lower-paid train driver workforce. Metro ultimately abandoned the depot driver plan when it struck a new enterprise bargaining agreement in 2015 at the end of a fierce industrial campaign. The report also contained claims that some Metro train drivers are deliberately stopping trains a few metres short at one of Melbourne's busiest station platforms, in a position where they can look up women's skirts.
A Metro source separately told The Age this happens during the morning at the platform two escalators at Flinders Street Station. The workplace report was completed by Val Smith, a former senior detective who headed CrimeStoppers for 15 years, and who now works for Stopline, private investigators of alleged workplace misconduct. Mr Smith declined to comment when contacted by The Age. Leaked details of his report are contained in emails written by Jacques Liebenberg​, Metro's director of people and performance. "Some of the conduct identified might be described as demonstrating that a small number of employees have lost their moral compass and seem to be able to justify to themselves treatment of other employees in quite abhorrent ways which is unacceptable to Metro and we would have thought would be unacceptable to the RTBU," Dr Liebenberg wrote.
In a series of emails between August and September last year he wrote that women were being routinely discriminated against at Metro in ways including: "Inappropriate comments being directed at some female employees by male drivers, both of a sexually explicit and offensive nature.
"Observations of some female drivers that to be accepted as a driver you could not be too precious and needed to be a bit of a tomboy" and,
"Comments of some [on-the-job trainers] to the effect that females were only being employed to make up numbers and similar." Metro would "take what action it considers necessary" to eliminate bullying and discrimination, Dr Liebenberg wrote, through education and training and by working with a suitable anti-bullying and harassment organisation. He called on the RTBU to commit to its own reforms, including an agreement to report to Metro any drivers who are caught "stopping short on platforms to enable the driver to look up female commuters' skirts". Metro spokeswoman Sammie Black said the company did not have a culture of bullying and did not tolerate workplace discrimination or harassment.
She said claims a driver trainer urinated in the presence of a female trainee – which Dr Liebenberg wrote in the leaked emails had been "fully investigated and the appropriate action was taken" – were unsubstantiated. Ms Black also said regarding Mr Liebenberg's claim that drivers may be looking up women's skirts that "no such allegation was substantiated". The Ebola Railway is a term some staff members use to describe Metro Trains. Ms Black said the company embraced gender diversity. "Since 2009, the proportion of female train drivers has increased from just 2 per cent when Metro's franchise commenced to 16 per cent today, with more than half of new driver recruits female," she said.
Soundcloud is my favourite place to find new music and I often can't find a way to buy the music elsewhere. There are online services that can help download the song mp3 from the url, but I decided to automate the process. With the help of Hazel and IFTTT, you should be able to click on the ‘like' button and the mp3 will pop up in your iTunes.
Install Soundscrape: a command-line tool for downloading from soundcloud. Link soundcloud to your account on IFTTT and create a recipe that creates a text file in your Dropbox for every new public favourite. The content and file name should use the “TrackUrl” ingredient. Create a new recipe in Hazel with the following rules and this embedded shell script: for i in $( cat $1 ) ; do soundscrape $i >/dev/null 2>&1 & done Create another recipe to move the downloaded songs out of that folder and into the ‘Automatically Add to iTunes' folder.
Edit: you could make an analogous workflow to scrape the mp3 from youtube videos, using something like youtube-dl. Let me know if you would like to see a second blog post detailing how.
Advertisements
Early signs are that flames from a “burn barrel” started the house fire where a firefighter was killed and five more were injured Wednesday evening.
Fire Chief Marvin Riggins said Friday that investigators believe the fire started outside, where the homeowner had a controlled burn going.
“This is a high probability as to where it could have started,” he said. “(Investigators) feel it could have easily started in the carport area. There was a burn barrel there. There had been burning in that barrel very close timewise to the fire, so that's probably going to play heavily and play true to the overall cause and origin to the fire itself.”
Brisk winds probably caused some of the burning debris to catch the house on fire, Riggins said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Telegraph
During a Friday afternoon news conference, Riggins delivered some good news in the wake of Wednesday's tragedy.
Two of the three firefighters who were sent to the Joseph M. Still Burn Center -- Adam Michie, 34, and Ferrell Cromer, 46 -- have been discharged from the hospital. Mitchie is still recovering from some of his injuries and will be on limited duty for a while.
In addition, Battalion Chief Stephen Stafford, 59, who sustained injuries related to smoke inhalation, had his condition upgraded, Riggins said, and was awake and alert Friday afternoon.
The news is the first positive report since the fire at 2320 Fairview Drive on Wednesday evening, in which Lt. Randy Parker was killed and the others were injured. Besides the firefighters who were sent to the Augusta burn center, firefighters Matt Couey, 27, and Ben Bollinger, 28, were treated and later released from the Medical Center, Navicent Health.
Riggins said the department is grateful for the outpouring of support from the community.
“Let me say thank you to our community at large,” he said. “Our community today has tremendously showed us gratitude and so much love and concern for us, for our department, for our firefighters. It's been really a beautiful sight to see. Unfortunately, the circumstances are very grim, but the support from Macon and Bibb County and from surrounding areas has been just absolutely outstanding.”
As of late Friday afternoon, Macon-Bibb fire investigators were still working with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the state Fire Marshal's Office to investigate the fire. The two agencies were called in because a firefighter was killed in the line of duty. Riggins said investigators are waiting for the ATF to conclude its report on certain evidence from the fire.
The autopsy for Parker has been completed, but officials are waiting on a toxicology report.
Riggins said the house was fully aflame when units arrived at the scene. Firefighters battled the blaze for more than an hour before getting it under control.
During an initial inspection, though, firefighters detected an intense amount of heat in the basement area. That's when Parker and some of the other firefighters ran back into the house. As they went in, the floor collapsed and they fell through to the basement. While four of the firefighters were able to be evacuated relatively quickly, Parker was pinned under debris and it took rescuers more than 30 minutes to free him. The breathing tanks used by firefighters typically last up to 30 minutes. Riggins said at a Thursday news conference that Parker's equipment didn't appear to be damaged.
The owners of the house, Don and Kathy Coffey, were inside the house when the fire started and managed to escape without injury.
Riggins said the family has had a tremendous amount of grief over the fire and contacted the department several times.
“They were there and did not want to leave us the night of the fire,” Riggins said. “They were grieving directly to me. If (Don Coffey) did it once, he did it 10 times that night of the fire itself. They had been grieving and even called in people that night (from their church) to engage in prayers and vigils for us that night.”
Riggins said strong community support is helping the fire department get through the tragedy. He said some firefighters from stations 7 and 12 -- the units involved in the fire -- had to take sick days because they were too traumatized to go to work. Riggins said other firefighters were called in to staff those stations. In addition, the fire department's clergy and grief counselors were made available to anyone who needed them.
“Time is helping,” he said. “This is certainly not an easy thing we are having to endure. (With) the firefighters themselves, it's being played over and over and over in their minds that fire itself and the end results of it.
“I'm very grateful to the (grief counselors) to sit and listen to them and allow them to communicate and dialogue with one another. ... We are grateful for the many prayers and many calls.”
To contact writer Phillip Ramati, call 744-4334.
Cartoon Network
Last summer, J.G. Quintel, creator of Cartoon Network's hit series Regular Show, wanted to record the program's original music onto cassettes and toss those into the crowd at San Diego Comic-Con. “Then kids will have to ask their parents for a cassette player,” he explains. “It will be awesome.”
He has also asked about releasing the series on Laserdisc. “It would be funny,” says Quintel, who has a Laserdisc player, in addition to a combination DVD/VHS machine, in his office.
Outdated technology isn't some sort of gimmick for Quintel — it's something that's embedded into the Regular Show universe. The central characters, Ribgy (a raccoon) and Mordecai (a blue jay), get obsessed with songs on cassette. They once embarked on a quest for a VHS cassette. In Monday's new episode, “Bald Spot,” another character, Starla, is seen talking on a pay phone.
“From the beginning, I really wanted to infuse an '80s vibe,” says Quintel of Regular Show, “because I grew up in the '80s and I remember so many things about that era that were cool.” He mentions 8-bit video games as an example. “The cover of the box looked so amazing and, then, when you actually played the game, it looked nothing like the cover.”
The catch is that this is a TV-PG show that plays prime time on cable network geared towards the under-18 set. Cassette players, VCRs and pay phones had fallen out of fashion before a good chunk of Regular Show's audience was born. In that respect, vintage technology isn't so much about nostalgia. It adds a whimsical element to a show with plots derived from real life and it's just one of the reasons that Regular Show has become a sensation on television, online and at fan conventions.
Influenced by The Simpsons and British comedies like The Mighty Boosh and Little Britain, Quintel has created a cartoon that's like no other currently on the air. It's fantastic, filled with anthropomorphic animals, muscle-bound people and even a walking, talking gumball machine. It's absurd. And, yet, at it's core, it's a simple slice-of-life show.
Cartoon Network
“We always try to make the episodes start from a real place,” says Quintel. Take the season 3 episode, “Access Denied,” for example. In the episode, Mordecai and Rigby are denied entry into a hot club because their clothes aren't hip enough for the door guy. Quintel had a similar experience when he tried to hit up a club with some friends. “It wasn't even that cool of a club,” he says. “They had video games in the bar. I think that's why we were going.” Regardless, Quintel's friend was wearing a hat he bought at 7-11. It didn't pass the door person's inspection.
“Right after that, they let someone else in wearing a hat, but it was a nice hat,” Quintel recalls. When asked why one hat made the cut, while another didn't, the door person responded, “Yeah, but that's fashion.”
Up next: How eating an enormous omelette led to an Emmy
Similarly, in “Eggscellent,” which won this year's Emmy for Best Short-Format Animated Program, is more true-to-life than what one might expect. In the episode, Mordecai and Rigby take stabs at eating a massive omelette.
“There's a restaurant in San Diego, where, if you eat a 12-egg omelette, you win a shirt or something,” says Quintel. “I tried to eat it and I couldn't even get close. I think I made it an eighth of the way through.”
Now in its fourth season, Regular Show has amassed a large following of kids, their parents and lots of young adults. While the show didn't struggle long to actually get on the air — Quintel was already working for Cartoon Network, on The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, when he pitched the series — it did take time to build a following.
Quintel remembers his first Regular Show trip to San Diego Comic-Con, where he was on a joint panel with the team from the pop culture phenomenon Adventure Time. “There were pretty much no questions for us,” he recalls.
A year later, things had changed. These days, people show up to panels in Regular Show cosplay. Quintel has even spotted a family wearing the Eggscellent hats from the episode of the same name. The fans are also asking the kind of minutia-based questions that only come after watching a 15-minute installment of Regular Show dozens of times.
In some ways, this year's Emmy win was validation for what animation addicts have known for a few years. Regular Show is one of the smartest, funniest, weirdest series on the small screen. “It's a little hard in this medium, when you want everybody to watch it,” says Quintel. “I think adults automatically assume, oh, it's a cartoon, it's for kids.” That's certainly not the case for Regular Show. “We're definitely making it for ourselves,” says Quintel, “trying to make each other laugh.” So far, that tactic seems to be working remarkably well.
Follow Liz Ohanesian on Twitter and Facebook.
This piece originally appeared in LA Weekly . While we look for a new editor for Topless Robot, we'll occasionally be publishing stories from Voice Media Group sites.
I ran into an issue with Phoenix the other day when I tried to upload a file of a size of 9.5MB.
Plug.Parsers.RequestTooLargeError at POST /images the request is too large. If you are willing to process larger requests, please give a :length to Plug.Parsers
It turned out that the default supported request length is 8MB so I had to increase the size of it. Phoenix uses a Plug which is something similar to Rack in Rails – it's an HTTP middleware, but with different architecture.
Plug has parsers and these parsers are responsible for handling the request and throw an error if request doesn't fit validations. So we need to change the default configuration of parsers and to do that we need to modify lib/endpoint.ex and add the following line.
plug Plug.Parsers, ... length: 100_000_000
Restart Phoenix and the big file is good to go.
Announcing AdDuplex Developer Advocates
Every developer has heard about how and why they should monetize their apps. Developer conferences of every variety have sessions dedicated to the various ways to earn revenue from your personal digital creations. There's only one problem with all of that. In order to make any revenue at all, people have to first know about and use your application. Fortunately for developers of Windows Store and Phone apps, there's a solution called AdDuplex.
AdDuplex is a cross-promotion network specifically targeted at Windows Store and Phone apps and games. It empowers developers and publishers to promote apps for free by helping each other. The service was founded in January 2011 by Alan Mendelevich and has grown to be a significant resource for developers to cross promote their apps.
Today AdDuplex is beginning a new stage in its developer engagement and outreach with the AdDuplex Developer Advocate program, and are partnering with Catchy to launch this new effort. Catchy is a market leader at the forefront of developer program management, marketing, and insight. Together we have selected three seasoned developers across the U.S. and UK to serve as AdDuplex Developer Advocates. Their role will be to inform and assist developers with AdDuplex adoption and implementation in their Windows applications. They will be active in local developer events as well as larger industry events and of course in social media. The new AdDuplex Developer Advocates are:
Robert Shurbet: West Coast U.S. (@TheCheekyTaurus)
Robert has been a .NET Software Engineer for nearly 14 years and currently leads development of customer facing line-of-business tools for Pivot Technology Solutions. He's developer of the popular Windows Phone Twitter utility app #Hashtastic and was part of the Developer Ambassador for Windows Phone team.
Rob Irving: East Coast U.S. (@RobWIrving)
Rob is a Microsoft MVP in Windows Platform Development and a Senior Software Engineer for ALK Technologies. He has a passion for developing Windows Phone Apps, publishing 8 of his own apps to the Windows Phone and Windows stores.
Matt Lacey: UK (@MrLacey)
Matt has been a professional developer for over 17 years. The last 12 years have been building for mobile devices and for the last 4 years, he's been specialising in Windows Phone. He's the current organizer of Windows Apps London (formerly the Windows Phone User Group) and also served as a Nokia Developer Champion.
So, if you're a Windows developer and would like to see your app get more exposure and downloads, get in touch with your local Developer Advocate and find out how you can utilize AdDuplex to advertise your app directly to your target audience. (You can also check out all the events that the Advocates will be attending here.)
Blackboard's hedge fund owner is reportedly looking to put it on the market. (Bill Crandall/FTWP)
District-based Blackboard helped launch the education-technology industry in the mid-1990s. By the early 2000s, its software connected students and professors with textbooks, course materials and each other at nearly every college in the country. Its stock peaked in 2007, at $49, more than triple its opening price on the Nasdaq in 2005.
Today, after 20 years of innovation, the once red-hot industry is at a crossroads as growth slows and a handful of companies vie to unseat Blackboard and grab market share.
In 2006, Blackboard held as much as 90 percent of the learning management system market share, according to industry reports. Now Blackboard's market share has dwindled to 44 percent.
Blackboard, founded by American University graduates and an early darling of the District's high-tech start-up community, has recently lost some high-profile university clients after students and faculty complained that its interface can be clunky and inconvenient.
Over time, Blackboard piled on new features to its core platform, but they were not always well integrated, which made students bounce around among different online programs to complete simple tasks.
Competitors emerged with more of-the-moment cloud computing features better suited for ease of use and mobile access.
This month, the University of Texas at Austin will move its online content from Blackboard to Canvas, a program made by ed-tech competitor Instructure. Duke switched from Blackboard to Sakai in 2011. The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill started a Sakai pilot program in 2008 and jumped ship from Blackboard in 2014.
“I think if we look back 20 years ago, there was still a model of vendors developing products with heavy price tags and heavy implementation costs,” said Jim Helwig, chairman of the Apereo Foundation, a cooperative ed-tech nonprofit that supports Sakai. “We quickly discovered that this really didn't meet the particular needs we had in higher education.”
The loss of clients comes amid a report that Blackboard, which employs 3,000 people, could be up for sale for the second time in five years. Founders Michael Chasen and Matthew Pittinsky led Blackboard to the Nasdaq in 2004 after a barnstorming run grabbing top-tier clients. By 2011, after the company amassed a $2 billion valuation, they sold the company to private-equity firm Providence Equity Partners. It is hoping for a $3 billion valuation for Blackboard in a possible sale, Reuters reported in July.
Blackboard, which declined to comment on reports that it is seeking a buyer, said it has taken “very real steps” to improve its service.
“We understand that learners, teachers and administrators want a delightful experience, an integrated and logical work flow, mobile access and powerful data capabilities,” said Katie Blot, Blackboard's senior vice president for corporate strategy and business development. “And we're now able to provide those things.”
It wasn't always. Blackboard jumped into the market just as many campuses were beginning to embrace Internet connectivity.
“Blackboard defined the marketplace without a doubt,” said Chuck Severance, the chief architect of Sakai who has worked on developing standards for education technology. “In 2006, no one was fired for buying Blackboard. You had to compete with them on their turf.”
In its early days, Blackboard mastered simple tasks online such as allowing teachers to post homework assignments or reading material or make classroom announcements. As smaller competitors developed tools and customer bases, Blackboard gobbled them up in a series of mergers that solidified its place atop the ed-tech industry.
It bought Canadian-based ­WebCT in 2006, Angel Learning in 2009, and Moodlerooms and NetSpot in 2012. This month, it bought Nivel Siete, a Latin American open-source code provider.
“Since we were the big one, a lot of the smaller companies made their business, ‘Hey, look what we can do that Blackboard can't,' ” Blot said. “So when we acquired those, we could bring people together who are excited about those capabilities.”
But then competitors emerged that were more difficult to ignore. Firms such as Instructure and Sakai attempted to separate themselves from Blackboard by focusing on customizing their software for clients and providing extensive daily maintenance.
As rivals gained traction, Blackboard's grip on the market began to slip. Some companies relied on open-source software that made them more nimble. Blackboard didn't adopt it until 2012. Student and faculty complaints about the software also took on new life.
“Blackboard will be the death of me,” wrote one student on Tumblr a year ago.
“Why is everything so counter-intuitive?” said one professor on an online forum at the Chronicle of Higher Education. “Why do you have to click a million times just to do a simple task?”
Still, Blackboard remains a major industry force and has retained many of its biggest clients. The University of Kansas has used the software for its 28,000 students since 2000.
“The truth is, Blackboard from an [ed-tech] perspective has been around for a long time,” said Julie Loats, director of the center for online and distance learning at the University of Kansas.
Loats acknowledges that the company has struggled to find technology that will appeal to all students and professors but says Kansas plans to stick with it.
“Their code base is a blend of a lot of different tools over time,” she said. “What I've seen them do over the years is tried to blend all these codes together.”
And Blackboard says it has a plan to stay competitive. It is focused on expanding its reach in K-12 institutions to broaden the market, Blot said, and is diving into the world of mobile apps.
Those are both spaces Blackboard hasn't seen competitors enter with as much fervor, she said, and it hopes to make an early mark as it did during the dot-com boom.
“We haven't had to chase people, so what pushes us is that people are chasing us,” Blot said. “The competition, more than forcing us to change what we offer, leads us to differentiate our solutions.”
In my work as a clinical psychologist, I frequently see people who are convinced that they cannot change their thinking. Indeed, such change involves hard work. We have all developed patterns of thinking that have reached the level of habit. It is almost automatic. Unfortunately, many of these ways of thinking are traps.
They are traps in the sense that they often do not lead us to a solution to the problem that we are confronting. Instead, they encourage us to avoid situations, to give up before we need to and to apply simplistic solutions to complicated problems. From a pragmatic point of view, they do not work.
The first step in changing thinking patterns is to recognize the ones that we have, and especially to focus on the ones that we have that don't work. We have discussed in some detail in a previous blog "Catastrophic Thinking," the tendency to assume the worst and spend much of our time thinking and planning about how we are going to deal with the terrible events that we are quite sure are going to befall us before any of them even occur. Catastrophic thinking is defined simply as ruminating about irrational worst-case outcomes. Needless to say, it can increase and prevent people from taking action in a situation where action is required. This can be especially true in a crisis situation.
Catastrophic thinking, like other thinking traps, needs to be disputed. In order to do this, you must first identify the thinking for what it is.
Here are three other patterns of faulty thinking:
. This involves accepting only information and data that support your current beliefs and values. This is the classic "don't bother me with the facts." You don't have to look very far to find this type of thinking rampant in our society. Just look at some of the debates that have occurred over the last few years regarding global warming and evolution.
A second faulty pattern of thinking that can be a thinking trap is "all or none" thinking in which events are seen as either black or white. There is no gray. No flexibility. Indeed, these patterns of thinking encourage rigidity and not .
A third pattern is over-generalization. This is a tendency to see a single temporary event as a general permanent state of affairs. Eric Byrne years ago talked about this as one of the classic dirty-fighting tactics that couples use in an argument. They often accuse each other of "never" or "always" when that simply is not an accurate description of what has occurred. We all know that no one can be that consistent. Like other thinking traps, they do not work very well. In an argument with someone, they simply are a way of putting yourself one-up and the other person one-down. What is the outcome? The other person simply gets angry or hurt and tries to rebalance the contest, which is what it has turned into by now, by saying something equally outrageous.
A faulty thinking pattern, like any old habit, does not die easily. A first step in changing it is to recognize it for what it is and to commit ourselves to try very hard not to make use of it. This may be especially difficult when we are feeling angry or upset. It is at these times that our strong feelings may lead us back to these old patterns.
Israel's ultra-Orthodox subculture is in the throes of profound change. Faced with grinding poverty in the midst of the country's rapid economic growth, ordinary Haredim have begun in recent years to quietly rebel against the social and religious pressures forbidding work and secular higher education.
Many rabbis, aware of the growing tide, have sought ways to grant limited approval to the shift toward employment.
One notable example: in 2008 the Belzer Rebbe, head of one of the largest Hassidic groups in Jerusalem, used his annual Simhat Torah sermon to urge ultra-Orthodox men who were not learning successfully in yeshiva or other frameworks to find work and support their families. Though the speech was less than a full-throated endorsement of employment for haredi men, it gave some measure of rabbinic sanction to the decision to join the workforce. It was noted by some observers of the Haredi street as a harbinger of a new age.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Now, an ultra-Orthodox political movement seeks to take the shift a step further, to give voice to those of its constituency who work or wish to do so, or who pursue professional degrees in institutions of higher education — and consequently find themselves ostracized in their communities and their children denied entry to the better ultra-Orthodox schools.
“Tov” isn't a formal registered political party, but it is competing in five cities in the nationwide municipal elections on October 22: Jerusalem, Beit Shemesh, Beitar, Emanuel and Elad.
Its goal, according to the movement's founder and the head of its Jerusalem list, Chanoch Verdiger: “We are an address for people [who are] involved in society while not compromising their Haredi identity.”
The movement's campaign literature explains that “in recent years, there [are] a growing number of Haredim in academic institutions, in the job market, in the media and in other venues. As more Haredim are involved in general Israeli society, there is a demand for a Haredi framework and voice that represents them.”
And representing them means empowering them, according to Verdiger, who spoke with The Times of Israel this week.
“Tov has existed for just six years. That's no time at all. It's a political infant,” says Verdiger. “There are parties that came from nowhere and burst onto the scene and became large political parties in the Knesset, like Shas. But Tov is a movement that came from the street, is rooted in the street, is responsive to it. It doesn't have a Rabbi Ovadia Yosef [Shas's late influential spiritual leader] at its head, or any such leader.”
Tov, he continues, is made up of “Jews who define themselves — and don't wait for anyone to tell them if they're Haredi or not. Their identity is strong enough for them to decide who they are for themselves.”
To those who wonder if Tov's espousal of empowered ultra-Orthodox individualism isn't by definition a non-ultra Orthodox phenomenon, Verdiger offers a correction.
“Instead of seeing it as a non-Haredi phenomenon, it's good to see it as changing Haredism. These changes are happening at a very deep level. It's a healthy phenomenon.”
One campaign gimmick in Jerusalem speaks volumes about the party's new focus on the individual Haredi resident. Tov activists are wandering ultra-Orthodox sections of the city with a portable voting booth in which passersby are being asked to select the two municipal issues most important to them, from high property taxes to discrimination in schools to investments in parks in their neighborhoods.
Verdiger's background, which lies deep within the ultra-Orthodox world, may nevertheless also explain his activism. He is the son of Avraham Verdiger, the famous former MK who for three decades represented a moderate Haredi faction, Poalei Agudat Israel, in the Knesset.
Even as he speaks of change, Verdiger's views on social and religious questions fit squarely inside the Haredi consensus. He refers only obliquely to such ills of society as crime and pornography — refraining in the traditional Haredi way from calling them by name — and believes the ultra-Orthodox view of modernity is essentially correct.
“We're really Haredi. We're not modern,” he says. “But our ability to integrate [into secular society] is complete. This generation [of Haredim] has reached a point where it can live lives integrated into offices and workplaces without building walls. We can be part of the texture of Israel's service economy, whether as professionals or as businesspeople. Our Haredi [social and religious] infrastructure has been built up for the past 60 years. We can now sustain it without creating borders that keep the world out.”
That belief comes with a warning against those who seek to keep themselves physically apart from secular society. Simply put, it won't work.
“When someone lives in isolation, a virus that penetrates is far more harmful and damaging. If we maintain the walls [around ultra-Orthodox society], bad things from the outside will penetrate through technologies available to all: Internet, phones. We have to develop vaccines for those things we fear. The old artificial walls won't protect us, and once these things penetrate we will be defenseless.”
The vaccine: engagement with modernity. “We have to use modern tools to be inoculated against the things that can cause damage. An academic degree makes you better vaccinated, not worse.”
As many Haredim seek increased engagement with the larger society, they have met with resistance and sanctions in their communities.
“There are those who want someone to fit very exactly to a particular image of being Haredi: an absolute commitment to study in the kollel [religious seminary] and nothing else,” according to Verdiger.
Those hardliners “are able to prevent my kids from going to school, and can keep people from joining communities. Those kinds of sanctions lead people to organize. [Tov] is a response to the attempt to sanction those who don't fit.”
Tov members openly speak about themselves as blowback to the attempts to penalize members of the community who seek work, especially by refusing to accept their children to schools.
In Beit Shemesh, Tov threw its support behind the secular mayoral candidate, Eli Cohen, in mid-September. The party's price: the establishment of a municipal appeals committee “with authority to stop discrimination in local school acceptance procedures.”
Tov's campaigns have not gone unnoticed. When posters went up in ultra-Orthodox neighborhoods calling Haredim who enlist in the IDF “insects,” Tov activists campaigned openly against the comparison. Slowly, tentatively, Haredi rabbis and newspapers began to side with the activists against those who sought to delegitimize soldiers.
“Our activities included a poster campaign and public warnings about the violence that would follow the [insects] campaign,” Verdiger recalls. “When we started talking about it, there was total silence. These soldiers walked in our streets, but nobody whispered about it.”
After they began to speak out, “Haredi newspapers, which don't write anything without being instructed to do so, started writing against the campaign against soldiers. It created delegitimization from within against the campaign that tried to delegitimize soldiers.”
Yet alongside its defense of Haredi soldiers from demonization in the haredi street, Tov has also campaigned against plans to forcibly draft Haredi young men.
It is committed to enabling religious studies. “Learning [Torah] full time is a tremendously important and valuable endeavor and Tov supports it for any person who undertakes it,” the campaign literature reads. The movement even founded three kollels in Jerusalem for men who wish to learn part-time while pursuing higher education or a career.
During the last few months of the last government, Tov activists pitched tents outside the Knesset to protest the Plesner Committee, a Knesset group that was considering criminal penalties against ultra Orthodox young men who don't serve.
While it supports the choice to serve, “we oppose drafting by force,” says Verdiger.
Tov has high hopes for the upcoming elections.
“Tov isn't different in our Haredi philosophy [from] other Haredi parties,” its campaign literature explains. “However, when you listen to the Haredi community, it is obvious that the real needs of the community are not being met. We are going to change this. From the feedback we receive from Haredi voters we hear repeatedly about the need for improved schools, better parks, cleaner neighborhoods and a job market which is more accessible and fair.”
“If we do well in all the places we're running,” Verdiger adds, “it will do something to the Haredi street. The leadership of the Haredi world will understand something has to change.”
If you're looking for evidence of Monsieur Reservez's reduced circumstances, you need look no further than the fact that it's not uncommon these days to be emailed a reminder that the event to which you are.S.V.P.'ed three weeks ago is happening tonight. Or that it's now possible, with a Facebook invitation, to be offered the option “Maybe.” Both are canaries in the R.S.V.P. coal mine.
However, guests — even those who do respond to invitations in the affirmative but who then text their regrets at the last minute — are not solely to blame. Hosts themselves are upping the murkiness factor. Earlier this year I, but not my boyfriend, received an invitation to the glamorous Brooklyn brownstone of someone who knows us both. As it turned out, I was fairly sure that a 6 p.m. obligation that same evening would preclude my attendance. Given the host and the augustness of the occasion for which the party was being held, I was 90 percent certain that the party would be catered, and therefore that a head count would be important; however, the invitation did not bear the initials “R.S.V.P.” So the party was exclusive enough that only one member of my dyad was invited, but not so exclusive that an R.S.V.P. was required. My mind slightly reeled.
A few months later I received a dinner invitation from a different source in which I was told that I wasn't required to respond but that “it might help anyway.”
The newly relaxed attitudes toward R.S.V.P.'s can be especially acute with events that are not specifically dinner or cocktail events. Mari Meehan, a retiree in northern Idaho, said that a few years ago she and her husband were emailed an invitation to the wedding of the son of a former business associate of her husband. “Mind you, we had never met the son nor his lady and had not had any contact with the business associate for years. So Hub clicked on the ‘Will Not Be Attending' option. A few months later he received an e-announcement: it's a boy. A few months later he received an e-announcement that a boy had actually been born. It seemed to us that it was a rather tacky solicitation for gifts in both cases.”
Paul Cram, an actor in Minneapolis, said that two years ago he R.S.V.P.'ed yes to an Evite for a play that a friend was performing in. Once in attendance, Mr. Cram discovered that the not-wonderful play was almost three hours long and that his friend had only a few lines in the last four minutes of the show. After the show, Mr. Cram congratulated his friend but also conveyed his surprise that she wanted him in attendance. “She tells me: ‘Oh, no, I didn't mean that to be taken as a you-have-to-attend personal invitation. You should have called me to see if it's something I wanted you to come to.' Now I don't respond to Evites.”
Is The Paris Climate Summit Doomed Before It Begins?
France is hosting a climate summit this December that's been billed as the most important gathering on the issue yet, but the country's leadership is apparently quite skeptical of the UN-led process.
French president François Hollande recently expressed alarm at the pitiful participation rate among members who have been charged with submitting national climate action plans (just 37 of 196 member states have so far submitted the required Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, or INDCs). Now, environment minister Ségolène Royal is going public with her own criticisms of the push to sign a Global Climate Treaty.
The FT reports:
“The procedure isn't really suited to what we need for climate change,” Ms Royal told reporters in London on Thursday, saying negotiators had made little progress on the main text of the Paris agreement, despite working on it for months. “If you tried to run a business like that it would have gone bust long ago,” said Ms Royal, a former candidate for the French presidency. “The main obstacle [to the Paris agreement] is the procedure.”
The draft text that negotiators hope to ratify in Paris this December has ballooned to more than 80 pages, as various stakeholders have pushed for delicately-worded clauses replete with redundancies and carefully-chosen jargon. Delegates will meet three times between now and the December summit to pare down that text, but with so many interests involved they'll face a daunting task—this sort of thing has a natural tendency to grow as layers of bureaucratic technobabble accrue.
The UN hopes that those notionally required INDCs will provide assembled nations a better starting point from which to work towards international consensus, but the abysmal rate at which countries are submitting these plans is a discouraging sign, to say the least. UN climate chief Christiana Figueres, perhaps seeing the writing on the wall, has been hard at work hedging and downplayingexpectations for the Paris meeting.
This December's summit is just the latest iteration of a decades-old movement to conjure up an international response to climate change, but the quest for a binding Global Climate Treaty has proven itself quixotic over the years.
Full post
Hmeymim airbase, Latakia, Syria (CNN) Russians are renowned for their endless patience -- and I sometimes feel they like to test us foreigners whenever they can.
Certainly our journey into Syria with the Russian defense ministry was testing: Seven hours on a bus to a military airport outside Moscow, three hours going through security, then six hours on a Soviet-era Tupolev passenger jet to Syria.
It was 4 a.m. when we finally touched down, bleary-eyed, at the Hmeymin Air Base in Latakia on northwest Syria's Mediterranean coast, the staging ground for Russia's air war against Islamist terror groups fighting for control of Syria.
As we dragged our heavy boxes of equipment across the tarmac, the sun rose over the mountains on the horizon, casting light on the vast air base -- and the sheer scale of Russia's military involvement in Syria.
For Western journalists, any kind of access to Russia's normally secretive military is rare. But when it is given, it is truly astonishing.
Just arrived in #syria for first time. pic.twitter.com/4QUrBToa1W
All in
First hand, it's clear that Russia is all in on Syria, militarily and politically.
It has deployed its most modern, sophisticated air weapons to the country and is using them to relentlessly pound the enemies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the Kremlin's Syrian government ally.
We were taken to the edge of the runway to watch close-up Russia's warplanes take off on bombing raids, and return with their payloads spent.
#Russia's air war in #Syria close up at Latakia air base pic.twitter.com/RDQZ6E4Fqq — Matthew Chance (@mchancecnn) December 19, 2015
We weren't told what specific targets were being hit. But I can confirm that Russia's war in Syria is an extremely noisy affair. Our ears were left ringing -- perhaps permanently -- by the deafening roar of Russian jet engines.
Once, our military minders took us a little too close.
A bomber landed off-center on the runway in front of us, with its wing overhanging the verge on which we stood. As it sped past, we were forced to dive for cover to keep our heads. Even standing around watching these machines has its dangers.
Food has never been the Russian military's strong point -- I remember being fed slices of lard in Chechyna when I covered the brutal battle for Grozny.
Almost exactly 15 years later, the lard -- or salo -- is off the menu. But limp, canned frankfurters with mashed potato for breakfast, with a pickled green tomato on the side, was firmly on.
It's often said, by those who know about these things, that in any military, the Navy always eats better than the Army.
In Russia that is apparently true, as we found on our second day in Syria.
Astonishing access
JUST WATCHED View from Latakia: Inside Russia's Syrian war Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH View from Latakia: Inside Russia's Syrian war 02:42
The Moskva, as I reiterated in my report from its deck, is one of the most important Russian ships in the region and a key part of the Kremlin's creeping military campaign in Syria.
As well as being able to carry nuclear missiles (which we were told it is not), it is armed with a highly sophisticated air defense missile syste.
Along with advanced systems now deployed on the land in Syria, it means that Russia now has the ability to control the skies over Syria.
Actually, the range of the powerful systems means it can control the skies over southern Turkey, Northern Israel, Cyprus and Lebanon too.
The captain of the ship, whose actual rank is "commander," told me the number of U.S.-led coalition planes flying missions over Syria has significantly decreased since his ship arrived -- without even firing a shot.
Lunch, by the way, was a Russian naval classic, macaroni po flotski. Basically, it's pasta with meat and no sauce, with a dollop of ketchup on top.
It also has a ship's cat pic.twitter.com/NV7r7MDain — Matthew Chance (@mchancecnn) December 19, 2015
Russian clout
The Kremlin has consistently resisted the demand by Western countries, and armed rebel groups in Syria, that Bashar al Assad should step down ahead of any peace talks.
The fact no mention was made of the future of Assad in the recent U.N. resolution on Syria is undoubtedly the result of Russia's growing diplomatic clout on the issue.
The Kremlin, of course, has economic and military interests in Syria it wants protected.
Although Russia has always left the door to the possibility of a leadership change in Syria, it's formulation that it "should be the Syrian people who decide" leaves plenty of wiggle room to reject any candidate it feels is not sympathetic enough to the Russian view.
Any candidate, perhaps, that is not Assad.
Seeking protection
JUST WATCHED Life in a Syrian refugee camp near Russian air base Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Life in a Syrian refugee camp near Russian air base 02:14
To illustrate the complex nature of the Syrian problem, I assume, we were taken -- on day three of our tour -- to a government-controlled camp for people displaced by the war.
Russia is providing food, shelter and medical supplies at two similar camps in Syria in what it calls its humanitarian effort. But it was deemed too dangerous for us to be taken to either of those, so we were taken to the "Sport City" camp in Latakia instead.
Near the entrance, a large poster shows Vladimir Putin of Russia and Bashar al Assad warmly shaking hands.
"This is thanks to Russia," the poster reads.
The camp is home to about 5,000 people displaced by fighting who have made the choice to seek refuge not in the vast camps outside Syria, or in Europe, but under the protection of the Syrian government.
One woman, Aisha Adbulraheem -- displaced with her family from Aleppo, told me why.
With her husband in the Syrian army, she was at risk from the "terrorists" she told me. Rebels cut off the heads of family members of Syrian soldiers, she said.
It is not just the Kremlin determined to have its interests in Syria guaranteed.
For years scientists have seen Saturn's rings as stable and slow to evolve—beautiful but, well, a bit boring. Not anymore.
The most detailed imagery of the rings yet is giving a very different and dynamic feel to the orbiting bands of ice chunks, according to two new studies in this week's issue of the journal Science.
By imaging the rings close up, in many wavelengths, and with unprecedented frequency, NASA's Cassini orbiter has revealed a slew of surprises. Among them are rings that rapidly rearrange themselves, high-speed collisions—not to mention an oxygen atmosphere.
"Here's this giant crystalline structure, stretching two-thirds of the distance from Earth to the moon, and yet parts of it change on a monthly or weekly time scale," said planetary scientist Jeff Cuzzi, from NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California.
The edges of the thickest of Saturn's rings, A and B, for example, "kind of flop back and forth, sometimes pointing one way and sometimes another, sloshing around like water in a tank," said Cuzzi, co-author of one the new studies.
These fast-warping edges, he said, underscore the newfound, fluidlike nature of the rings.
Also, recent studies have uncovered dozens of mysterious moonlets, several kilometers in size, bouncing around like bumper cars in the slim, outermost ring, called F.
"These cannonballs are whizzing through the F ring and colliding with things," Cuzzi said. "What are these things? Where did they come from?
"This doesn't strike us as a particularly stable situation."
Oxygen Atmosphere Around Saturn Rings?
Scientists were also surprised to find that the atmosphere around Saturn's rings is largely made up of oxygen.
"Most people thought the ring atmosphere would be water molecules—H2O—and their breakdown products H [hydrogen] and OH [hydroxyl]," Cuzzi said. That the ring system would have the chemistry to turn hydrogen and hydroxyl into oxygen "was not foreseen by most."
The discovery could help solve a long-standing mystery of Saturn's rings: why some of them seem stained red.
Perhaps the color is imparted when metals in ring rocks interact with oxygen, he said. On Earth we have a name for it: rust.
Saturn Rings Hold Keys to Planet Birth?
Saturn's rings seem to be much like the dusty, rocky disks around stars where planets form, said Cassini team member Larry Esposito, of the University of Colorado in Boulder.
If the ring system is in fact a reasonable facsimile for a planet nursery, Saturn may change our understanding of how planetary disks behave. (Explore an interactive solar system map.)
Thanks to Cassini's close-up view of Saturn's rings, "we can see structures and phenomena that we would not have otherwise imagined existed in planetary disks," said Esposito, co-author of one the new Saturn studies.
One such phenomena is clumping, which Esposito called one of the most surprising things he's seen around Saturn. Cassini images reveal that gravity temporarily binds rocky ice chunks together, forming superchunks perhaps 30 feet (10 meters) across.
"The dynamics in the thicker A and B rings are much more complicated than we thought because of this clumpy nature," he said, "and those rings are more massive than we'd thought.
"When you know the mass you can say something about the origins of the rings," he said.
But that knowledge may have to wait until 2017, when Cassini is to measure the rings' masses as it plummets to destruction on Saturn.
RELATED STORY: Nissan reveals Le Mans challenger during Super Bowl
RELATED STORY: Le Mans winner Marc Gene to race the Nissan GT-R LM NISMO
RELATED STORY: Nissan: Taking on the best in the world
YOKOHAMA, Japan – The Nissan GT-R LM NISMO is the ultimate Nissan GT-R, the purest expression of innovation that excites. Competing in LM P1, the premier class of world sports car racing, Nissan's Le Mans car is like no other car before it.
A truly global effort, the GT-R has been created by a team of carefully selected experts in Japan, the U.S. and Europe. Unlike other LM P1 cars, the GT-R's V6 3.0-liter twin turbo gasoline engine sits in the front of the front-wheel-drive car, while the hybrid power is harvested from the front driveline to augment acceleration.
The man best placed to describe Nissan's innovative LM P1 car is Ben Bowlby, Nissan's LM P1 Team Principal and Technical Director.
Q1: Can you explain the how the different power sources work on the GT-R?
Bowlby: We have a very modern but conventional V6 3.0-liter twin turbo gasoline engine. This is a very efficient engine so it produces a large amount of power using the allotted fuel flow limit. The fuel flow limit is one of the new regulations at Le Mans. We're not limited by the engine capacity or the boost pressure or the RPM of the engine; we're limited by how many grams of fuel per second we can burn. So the more efficient you make the engine, the more power you have because you are still burning the same amount of fuel whether you are efficient or inefficient. So if you can make a very efficient engine, you get a lot of power. We are burning a smaller amount of fuel, around 30 percent less than was used by a gasoline engine at Le Mans in 2013, for example.
So we have a gasoline engine efficiently producing a certain amount of power, and then in addition to that we are using a kinetic energy recovery system (ERS). The car is a mass travelling at velocity, and as we slow it down for the upcoming corner we harvest that kinetic energy.
We can then deploy that stored energy to accelerate the car out of the corner, and because the energy recovery system can release the stored energy very quickly, it makes it very powerful. Energy divided by the speed you release that energy equals power. Think about a stick of dynamite. That's actually quite a small amount of energy, but it is released in a spilt second so it makes a very big bang. The same amount of energy released over a day would hardly even manage to power a light bulb. So it's all about how fast you release the energy. We want to release the energy very quickly to get the car back up to speed very quickly because it's nice to spend lots of time at high speed. The key is to store the energy and then release it very quickly, and that's what makes our system very competitive – providing us with a good amount of power from the ERS, which we can add to the internal combustion engine's driving power.
Q2: Is the GT-R a front-wheel-drive car?
Bowlby: The Nissan GT-R LM NISMO is in automotive-speak a front-engined, front-wheel-drive car. The internal combustion engine drives the front wheels, and the energy recovery system harvests energy from the front wheels. We've used the relatively low-powered internal combustion engine to drive the front wheels, and then we add power from the ERS to augment acceleration.
Q3: If the GT-R has all this power, will it be faster than the LM P1 cars from other manufacturers?
Bowlby: The LM P1 regulations for manufacturers have four hybrid powertrain options, defined by how much hybrid energy is released from the ERS per lap of Le Mans (the Le Mans track is used as the baseline circuit). You can go in the 2 megajoule class where you can deploy up to 2MJ of energy during one lap of Le Mans and also use quite a lot of fuel. You can go in the 4MJ class and get a little less fuel, the 6MJ class with less still, and then there's the 8MJ class where you get the least fuel of all but the most recovered energy for deployment and there's no limit on how powerful the system is – just how much energy is used, so you can either have an awful lot of power for a very short time or a small amount of power for a very long time.
The fuel energy you have, which again can be measured in megajoules, gets cut in proportion to the amount of megajoules you get from your ERS. The way it is worked out by the governing body – the FIA and the ACO – is that if you choose to recover more energy and deploy that, you actually end up with more total energy, even though your fuel energy has been cut slightly. The more megajoules you have, the faster you go. Each megajoule is worth an amount of time per lap, so if you are an 8MJ car compared to a 2MJ car, you should be faster over the course of a lap.
There are however some very big challenges, one of which is that you have to get the car down to the minimum weight because every 10-12 kilos is about half a second a lap around Le Mans. So if you have more weight in the car, that slows you down pretty significantly. The challenge is to package a big, powerful energy recovery system without going over the weight limit, and that is very hard to do. We're going to be really challenged to make our weight target of 880 kilos for 2015 when half of the weight of the car is the powertrain – engine, ERS and the driveline – so that's a very big challenge."
Q4: What about the tires? The rears look narrower than the front tires.
Bowlby: The front tires on the Nissan GT-R LM NISMO are bigger than the rear tires: 14-inch wide front vs. 9-inch rear. This is due to the way that mass is distributed in the car. We have moved the weight bias forwards to give us traction for the front-engined, front-wheel drive. We've also moved the aero forwards, so we've moved the capacity of the tires forward to match the weight distribution. So the aero center of pressure, the mass center of gravity and the tire capacity are all in harmony; that means we have bigger tires at the front than the rear.
Q5: Why doesn't the Nissan GT-R LM NISMO look like the other manufacturers' LM P1 cars?
Bowlby: The regulations have allowed us the freedom to create a significantly different looking car. Nissan are bold challengers who are prepared to innovate in order to get a high performance outcome, so we've turned the whole concept of the conventional LM P1 car of 2014 on its head. The result is that our car looks different, as the cockpit has been moved significantly rearwards to accommodate the engine at the front of the car.
# # #
Contacts
U.S.
Paul Ryan
paul@paulryanmedia.com
678-561-7722 (Phone)
678-644 0404 (Cell)
UK
Lindsay Morle
Global Motorsport Communications
lindsay@nismosupport.com
+44 (0) 7971 481078
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Evolve Reupload im Netz der Spinne ft Sakul93lukas
Upload date:
October 10 2017
Uploaded by:
BaseLifeWorld
Video description:
Hey, erst einmal danke, dass Du die Beschreibung öffnest. Hier findest Du alle wichtigen Links von uns. Natürlich ist es erstmal nicht so viel, aber nach und nach kommen weitere Links dazu! Die Links zu unseren Facebook Seiten findest Du hier: https://www.facebook.com/BaseLifeMusic https://www.facebook.com/baselifegaming https://www.facebook.com/RipsBetaphas... https://www.facebook.com/groups/52691... https://www.zockstdu.net/pages/68/ Unsere Livestream Seiten findest Du hier: https://www.twitch.tv/baselifeworld http://www.hitbox.tv/baselifeworld /redirect?event=video_description&v=EjB09z5rqcY&redir_token=ZeJLTcJiNFYEqs5TxV_UHOc69uh8MTUwODM5OTM2OUAxNTA4MzEyOTY5&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldofnerds.com%2Fgroup%2Fbase-life-gaming%2F *Auch hier gibt es in Zukunft eine Änderung. Je nachdem wie die kommenden Tests verlaufen bleiben wir auf einer dieser Seiten! Hier folgen demnächst weitere wichtige Links! https://www.youtube.com/user/Sakul93lukas Team Banhammer website http://team-banhammer.net/ Anubis sein Channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/ UCudSQLHkDIL4Xxq8vvfkSYg /redirect?event=video_description&v=EjB09z5rqcY&redir_token=ZeJLTcJiNFYEqs5TxV_UHOc69uh8MTUwODM5OTM2OUAxNTA4MzEyOTY5&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldofnerds.com%2Fuser%2Fanubis3%2F Danke fürs lesen. Grüße Franky (Anubis)
Total views:
365
Australia Post chairman John Stanhope said a user-pays postal system was a viable option after the company's letter operations ­suffered a $218 million loss last year because the public had sent fewer letters than ever.
The user-pays model means residents would pay an annual bill in addition to the stamp price, which increased from 60¢ to 70¢ in March.
'If you want it fast, you pay for it.'
"If you want it fast, you pay for it," Mr Stanhope said.
"You want it more related to the cost base, so if you are happy enough for your letter to be delivered less frequently then you pay less, if you want it more frequent you pay more, if you want it express you pay more, so you pay for the level of service," he told Fairfax Media following a Trans-Tasman lunch in Melbourne on Tuesday.
At Billingsgate Roman Bathhouse
Tepidarium at Billingsgate Roman bathhouse
In Lower Thames St, where the traffic roars past old Billingsgate Market and around the Tower of London, there is an anonymous door that leads to the past. It is a piece of spine-tingling magic. You walk through a modern door into an unremarkable corporate building and descend a staircase to discover the best preserved piece of Roman archaeology in London.
Here is a second century riverside villa with an bathhouse of cruciform shape complete with an elaborate underfloor heating system. You can see the square frigidarium with its tessellated floor and then the smaller rooms with curved walls, the tepidarium and the caldarium, with tiled floors supported upon pilae permitting the hot air to travel underneath. In these rooms, water could be thrown upon the heated floor to create clouds of steam. For those who originated in warmer climes, the bathhouse provided a welcome antidote to the misery of cold winters in London.
The bathhouse was first uncovered in 1848 during the construction of the London Coal Exchange and drew a response of such wonder that – unlike many other ancient remains discovered in the City in that era – it was preserved. When the Coal Exchange was demolished in the last century for the widening of Lower Thames St, more of the Roman ruins were uncovered before being concealed in the basement of the block where they are housed today.
A century after the bathhouse was constructed, a six metre defensive wall was built along the water front, concealing the river view and blocking out the light. It was then that the bathhouse was expanded within the garden of the villa and perhaps the dwelling changed from a desirable private house to some form of temporary lodging, with the added attraction of a steam bath.
In use until the Romans departed London in the fifth century, the bathhouse then fell into disrepair and collapsed before being covered with a layer of silt, preserving the remains and preventing anyone carrying off the building materials for reuse. Tantalisingly, a Saxon brooch was found on top of the pile of collapsed roof tiles dating from a time when this part of the City of London was uninhabited. Did someone from the nearby Saxon settlements come to explore the Roman ruins one day and slip upon the rubble, dropping a brooch?
When you walk upon the metal gantries over the Roman walls, you feel you are a ghost from the future eavesdropping on another time. The scale of the rooms is apparent, the stone bench in the steam room is discernible and you can see the fragments of worn floor, smoothed with centuries of use by the long-dead. Square pipes, tiles and other details of the construction reveal the work of skilled craftsmen in ceramic and brick, and a single tile bears the imprint of a dog's paw that wandered through the brick maker's yard in London seventeen hundred years ago.
Explore Billingsgate Roman Bathhouse for yourself any weekend until 12th December – visit the Museum of London website for further information and booking. Additionally, the Bathhouse will be open for free and without booking on 19th & 20th September as part of Open House weekend.
The hot air from the furnace entered the building and circulated under the floor
The curved walls of the caldarium
Tiles supported on pilae as part of the underfloor heating system in the tepidarium
Tessellated floor in the frigidarium
Fragment of tessellated floor
The stone bench in the tepidarium
The paw print of a dog in London seventeen hundred years ago
You may also like to read about
In Search Of Roman London
The Spitalfields Roman Woman
Don't call Auburn a lucky football team. The Tigers are 10-1 and fourth in the BCS standings thanks to a tipped Hail Mary touchdown pass against Georgia, but Alabama coach Nick Saban isn't about to say his SEC West rivals are anything other than good and deserving of their lofty ranking.
"I don't think they were lucky to win," Saban said of the Georgia game. "I'm not saying that at all.
"They really probably deserved to win the game, based on how they played in the game, and they got rewarded for it in the end by making a big play."
Call Auburn whatever you want. Call what's happening on The Plains a miracle season, if you must, and point to the last-second win over Georgia or the utter lack of passing game as serious flaws in Auburn's championship resume. But recognize that none of what you're saying takes anything away from what the Tigers have accomplished and what they're capable of accomplishing come Saturday afternoon when they take on the top-ranked Crimson Tide at Jordan-Hare Stadium.
The Iron Bowl is alive and well because Auburn is a good football team once again. This isn't 2011 or 2012 where Alabama won both games by a combined score of 91-14, failing to surrender a single offensive touchdown in the process. Gus Malzahn was Auburn's offensive coordinator for one of those games and absent at Arkansas State during the other. Since returning as Auburn's head coach this season, he's completely turned around what was a dysfunctional program.
Nick Marshall has developed into one of the most dynamic athletes in the SEC, Tre Mason is the league's leading rusher and the defense, while porous at times, has been good at creating takeaways. Sound familiar? It should because you could describe the 2010 Tigers that beat Alabama and won the national championship with Cam Newton and Michael Dyer in the same way.
Auburn quarterback Nick Marshall has thrown for 1,530 yards and rushed for 823 yards this season. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
They were called lucky then, if you remember. Alabama was even favored to beat Auburn in that year's Iron Bowl. The Tigers are a two-touchdown underdog this go around.
"We don't feel lucky, of course," said Auburn defensive end and sack leader Dee Ford. "But we feel like it would definitely close a lot of the mouths [beating Alabama] with the things that we've been hearing. At the end of the day, that's not one of our goals. We're not really worried about the outside world because the outside world didn't even believe in us last year.
"We know it will close mouths [talking] about this being a fluke season."
Teammate C.J. Uzomah said they've been aware of Alabama's success this season. It's been hard to miss the constant media coverage, he explained, and on Saturday, he and his teammates will get to show they're deserving of the same type of respect by playing them heads-up at home.
"I think that's just fuel for us," Uzomah said of the uneven attention paid to the two programs, "just knowing there's so much hype and talk about them that we're going to prove ourselves, and we feel like we will.
"We feel like we've had a great season thus far, but we aren't satisfied. We want to win this game, and I think this will be a measuring stick of how we've grown as a team, where we are and where we want to head."
Malzahn, who called Alabama the best defense his team will see this season, said he's not letting he or his players get too caught up in the national picture. Improving every day is the goal, he said, not worrying about who's saying what. As he told his team a few weeks back: "We'll worry about all that patting ourselves on the back stuff after the season."
"Anytime you win 10 games, your team has done some right things," Malzahn said of proving his team is good and not lucky. "We're playing the No. 1 team in the country for the right to go to Atlanta. That's big enough in its own right."
Taking a cue from their head coach, Alabama's players aren't about to call Auburn lucky either. If anything, they agreed that having their rival playing good football makes the Iron Bowl better.
"They're a great team," UA receiver Christion Jones said, adding that he wasn't surprised by their success. "Auburn's a good unit."
But how good? Just ask Saban, who had no trouble heaping praise on those lucky Auburn Tigers.
"They're one of the leading offensive teams in the country ... Nick Marshall has almost 1,000 yards rushing himself," he explained. "They create a lot of issues and a lot of problems. They have good receivers that can make plays down the field when you try to load up on them.
"Defensively, they've played really, really well. They're hard to score on. ... Very, very good in the kicking game. Most of the time the guy kicks the ball out of the end zone. ... All the way around, this is a very, very good team, and I think their record sort of reflects that."
I've tried several times in the last few weeks to convince myself that one of those stories is correct, but just can't decide between them. And because The New York Times is not fond of headlines that include the “shruggie” emoticon (for the uninitiated, that would be ¯\_(ツ)_/¯), I have held off writing anything.
Why am I telling you all this? Because sometimes the most accurate portrayal of a situation revolves around uncertainty — and because we journalists aren't always honest about that. This is my effort to be a little more honest.
Rather than picking an analytical case and pretending to be more certain than I am, I want to walk readers through the conflicting evidence. Below, I do so in the form of the debate that has been playing out within my own head — and, very likely, around conference tables at every economic research group and central bank you can think of.
It sure feels as if we're on the verge of something bad. The expansion is six years old, making it already the fourth-longest since World War II. If the economy does soften, the Federal Reserve is out of ammunition to do much of anything about it. This feels a little like late 2000, when there were signs the economy was losing momentum even though growth was still technically positive. Then in 2001 there was a mild recession.
Whoa, not so fast. Back then there was a huge correction in the stock market and downturn in business investment that caused the recession. What are the sectors that you see correcting in 2015 or 2016 that put the economy at that much risk?
Emerging markets, especially China? They've had years of huge capital inflows, in no small part because of Fed policies, that papered over longer-term problems. Now the capital is flowing in the other direction, and the correction is looking to be vicious.
Sure, but why would that cause anything more than modest ripples for the United States economy? Total exports to China were $124 billion last year, about 0.7 percent of United States G.D.P. And I know you're going to mention financial linkages, but it's not as if American banks are sitting on a ton of Chinese government debt. Even if things get worse in emerging markets, isn't this more like 1998, when an emerging markets crisis enveloped East Asia and Russia? As a reminder, the United States economy grew 4.7 percent in 1999, faster than in the preceding 15 years.
Yeah, but there's no doubt that the financial markets, including in the United States, have been flashing warning signs since this summer.
Sure, markets have been jumpy lately. But when you step back and take a bit of a long view, is it really anything to sweat about? The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was actually up very slightly for the year at Monday's close (up 0.6 percent, to be precise). Long-term Treasury bond rates have fallen a good bit since the summer but are still higher than they were back in the spring, meaning that the bond market isn't exactly panicking.
Maybe Wall Street is just whining because after five years in which asset prices soared much more than the real economy, markets are taking a breather while the rest of the economy catches up?
Maybe, but there are some cracks showing in the data on the real economy too. The last couple of jobs reports have been really bad! This month the data on retail sales and surveys of businesses have shown the same kind of softness. Maybe the economy is like Wile E. Coyote running off the cliff, and as soon as we look down we'll see it was all a mirage and fall.
Come on, that's not how the economy works.
For the economy to fall into recession, something has to cause it. A financial crisis that freezes up the credit system, tight monetary policy intended to fend off inflation, a collapse in the stock market, something. Recessions don't just happen for no particular reason.
It's true that the economy is starting to feel an impact of the strong dollar (resulting in weaker exports) and cheaper oil (which means less oil and gas exploration). But we've seen soft patches like this many times before. For example, job growth has been really weak the last couple of months, but it was about equally weak in June and July of 2013, and nobody even remembers that soft patch.
And if you look at the broadest measures of the economy, there's not much sign of a downturn at all. For example, over the first nine months of 2015, United States gross domestic product rose at about a 2 percent annual rate, including a 1.5 percent third-quarter pace reported Thursday, broadly similar to the last several years. This could just be a case where people are freaked out by the market moves and are straining to discern a downshift in the economy that isn't really there.
Yeah, but look at all the anxiety we're hearing this earnings season. Big, stalwart companies like Caterpillar and Walmart have downgraded their forecasts. Surely those are the canaries in the recessionary coal mine.
There you go with the clichés again. When you look a little more closely at some of these disappointing forecasts, what they're really telling us about the state of the economy is far more ambiguous.
Take Caterpillar. Yes, it slashed its revenue forecast for 2015 and said it would cut 10,000 jobs in the next three years. But the major reason is the downturn in mining and energy exploration because of cheaper oil and other commodities. Obviously, it's too bad for those people who will lose their jobs, but the flip side is cheaper gasoline and other fuels for American consumers, which is an economic boost.
The story out of Walmart is even more promising for the economy. Sure, the company's stock dropped 10 percent in a single day two weeks ago as it downgraded its earnings projections. But look at why it downgraded those projections — because it is investing more to upgrade its stores, and paying its workers more, both of which will weigh on profits.
We've had years in which the problem in the economy has been companies that won't invest and workers who aren't getting pay raises. Walmart's earnings are suffering because of the opposite! That's good news for the economy, even if it's bad news for Walmart shareholders.
O.K., Pollyanna, anything out there that does make you nervous?
Oh, sure. The drop in stock prices and rise in borrowing costs for riskier companies means that capital is more expensive, and the dollar keeps strengthening on currency markets that will keep holding things back. And if I'm wrong about any of this, the economy really does lack the shock absorbers right now that would help it: The Fed's most effective tools are pretty well spent, and there's no way a Republican Congress would even consider fiscal stimulus.
So I get being nervous, but this doesn't feel like a moment when there are huge imbalances sitting out there due for a correction.
I hope you're right. But if the 2008 crisis taught us anything, it's that trouble can spread in ways that are hard to predict, even if you think you know what's going on.
Yeah, but what happened in 2008 was a once-a-century kind of storm. If you always think that the big one is imminent, most of the time you'll turn out to be wrong.
So S&P has changed the outlook for US credit from "stable" to "negative". Some commentators seem to have confused this with a ratings downgrade, which it isn't--the US AAA rating is still very much intact. Rather, Standard & Poor's are saying that the probability of a downgrade in the future has gone up. I think the WSJ sums it up pretty well:
The S&P analysis didn't offer any new insight into the nation's fiscal plight or partisan differences about how to solve it, but served as a reminder that investors may not always be as patient as they have been about U.S. deficits. The U.S. debt now stands at $14.2 trillion and is expected to balloon in part because of rising costs for health care, retirement and other so-called entitlement programs, and the interest costs on existing debt. S&P said that even if a short-term deal is reached to contain deficits, any agreement could later be undone by politicians. Administration officials, who were first alerted to the report on Friday, questioned its conclusions but said it validated their efforts to broker a bipartisan deal to address the debt.
Fundamentally, what both sides seem to have trouble grasping is that the important thing is not to solve all our problems right now, but to convince markets that we have the will and the fortitude to solve them at some point in the future. Right now markets are willing to cut us a lot of slack because they figure that we'll get it together eventually--just as we've always done before. The problems start not when our debts become totally unsustainable and congressmen start getting into fistfights on the House floor--but when markets stop believing that we'll find some way to solve our budget problems short of inflation or default. And "trouble" consists not of some massive capital flight, but of rising interest rates.
they will be the problem. The term structure of US debt is pretty short, with This is why I am so steadfastly unconvinced by people who point to our low interest rates as evidence that the market thinks it's safe to borrow. When higher real interest rates come, they will not be a timely signal of problems ahead unless we change course--. The term structure of US debt is pretty short, with average maturity of under five years , and Republicans are complaining that we've been issuing too much short-term debt lately . If interest rates climb significantly, our interest expense will start putting a lot of pressure on an already weak fiscal position. Arguing that we're fine because interest rates are low is like arguing that the Titanic must be safe because it hasn't run into an iceberg yet.
Of course, this warning applies equally to the people who think that demagoguing the debt ceiling is a fine way to force Congress to fix things (on their terms). Shutting down the government, or mucking around with the debt ceiling, doesn't help avert a crisis: it is the crisis. Or rather, it risks triggering precisely the crisis of confidence that we want to avoid. If interest rates go up too sharply, our interest rate expense will widen the gap between revenue and spending. To my mind, this makes both large tax hikes, and sizable spending cuts, more likely, not less so. Unless you're the sort of ideologue who would happily spend more money on interest as long as it means higher taxes or less spending, this is madness.
The US debt problems are large, and they will be painful to solve. But they are not intractably large or painful. It is our bitter, partisan politics--and our own willingness to compromise, or even face reality--that is putting us at the most risk.
Share 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 or copy the link
One of the greatest challenges that most people encounter when they decide to get married is how to have a beautiful wedding event while faced with a tight budget. This article aims at giving you top tips on how to accomplish this. Here are 6 tips you must follow:
Prioritize
Ensure that both you and your fiance make a list of the things you would like to have on your wedding day before you commence your wedding planning. This is important as it helps you identify what to spend money on and what you may opt to outsource cheaply or even do without.
Keep the guest list to a minimum
One of the most effective ways to lower the cost of your wedding is to have a small number of guests. This lowers reception costs especially if you keep in mind that most hotels, caterers and banquets usually charge per head.
Shorten your wedding planning timeline
One of the emerging trends among most young couples in the words of Alan Fields-a coauthor of a book titled Bridal Bargains, is to plan a more last minute wedding. This slashes on the cost of your wedding.
Go for a hotel
Another great tip that will lower the cost of your wedding is to have everything done in a hotel: Both the reception and the main ceremony. Also ensure you negotiate for lower costs and discounts with a person in the hotel you choose who has the power to make the changes you would like. Remember to ask for discounts as well.
Get ideas
Another great tip is to ask your relatives and friends to contribute their ideas to add to your big day. You will be surprised to find one of your friends is a great graphic designer and is willing to make all your invitations.
Lastly, stick to your plans
This will help you avoid the last minute rush and expensive overtime payments from various vendors such as musicians you hired and limousine drivers. Nothing is expensive than an out of schedule wedding.
New life: SLC-46 renovated for flights of Orion, Minotaur IV
Space Florida, NASA, and Orbital ATK are all working toward having Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Space Launch Complex 46 in Florida become an active launch site again. Photo Credit: Orbital ATK
Jason Rhian
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla — Space Florida, the Sunshine State's organization tasked with the maintenance and expansion of the aerospace industry, announced on July 15 that one of Cape Canaveral's sites, Space Launch Complex 46 (SLC-46), would be renovated to support upcoming missions. This comes at a time when the term “multi-user spaceport” is used and, with this latest announcement, a new player could be making their way to the historic Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
If everything proceeds according to schedule, Orbital ATK will be the next firm to use SLC-46. Under a $23.6 million agreement with the U.S. Air Force's Operationally Responsive Space Office, the aerospace company will use a Minotaur IV booster to launch the ORS-5 SensorSat spacecraft. That mission is set to fly in mid-2017.
“Launching from the Cape adds another capability to our program and brings us to four ranges from which Minotaur can launch,” said Rich Straka, Vice President and General Manager of Orbital ATK's Launch Vehicles Division in a statement released by the company. “This flexibility and multiple vehicle configurations enables Minotaur launch vehicles to be tailored to meet mission requirements while offering the lowest cost flight-proven launch vehicles available to the U.S. government.”
NASA is also planning on using the site, which last supported a launch on Jan. 27, 1999, with the flight of a Lockheed Martin Athena 1 rocket that had carried Taiwan's first satellite – ROCSAT-1.
SLC-46 is designed for smaller launch vehicles, which make it optimal as the location for the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle Ascent Abort 2 test flight (AA‑2). NASA is currently planning on conducting that launch in 2019. To prepare the site for future launches, Orbital ATK has been tasked with upgrading communications and data systems.
“Space Florida is very pleased to welcome Minotaur and NASA back to LC-46,” said Space Florida President and CEO Frank DiBello. “Their return represents a new dawn of activity for this storied launchpad and the rise of the Cape Canaveral Spaceport as [a] true multi-user spaceport for government and commercial users alike.”
Since the end of the Space Shuttle Program, the various agencies in and around Florida's Space Coast have worked to utilize key assets that were left over after NASA's fleet of orbiters were retired in 2011.
“This is a prime example of where the synergies from the Orbital ATK merger are providing real benefits to our customers, by being able to deploy one launch team that possesses expertise from critical propulsion and avionics subsystems, to the full systems engineering understanding of the vehicle,” said Scott Lehr, President of Orbital ATK's Flight Systems Group.
Housing First England
Housing First England is a new project to create and support a national movement of Housing First services, improving the lives of, and support for, some of society's most excluded people.
Visit the new Housing First England website
We have now launched the Housing First England website to bring together the most practical and up to date information and resources on Housing First, and to share the stories of residents, which demonstrate the real impact of this accommodation model. Visit hfe.homeless.org.uk to find out more.
Get involved
We are keen to hear from you, whether you are already delivering Housing First in England, or in the stages of planning a new project - or if you are generally interested in being involved.
Housing First England is made possible with funding from Lankelly Chase and Comic Relief.
Milwaukee Bucks' Larry Sanders, right, fouls Detroit Pistons' Josh Smith during the first half. The Pistons woes continued as they lost 98-86 to the Bucks Tuesday. (Photo: Morry Gash / Associated Press)
Milwaukee — The cracks are beginning to show in this carefully crafted facade to a Pistons season where it claims there's a new attitude but raising the same old issues.
Just like Stan Van Gundy couldn't escape using the number "19" Tuesday night.
It kept appearing in the Pistons' 98-86 loss to the surprising Milwaukee Bucks at the Bradley Center, their fifth straight loss and eighth in nine games.
Nineteen offensive rebounds allowed by a team that supposedly begun to hang its hat on getting balls off the rim.
Nineteen turnovers from a team whose ball-handling skills were hailed as a strength by its coach after the morning shoot-around.
And two numbers Van Gundy failed to mention — 19 points in each quarter of the second half that saw the Bucks run away, delivering the second-largest losing margin for the Pistons in what's no longer a young season.
They were without point guard Brandon Jennings, who missed playing against his former team with a sprained left thumb.
Tweaks that were supposed to open things up, and did for Andre Drummond, as his 23 points and 10 rebounds was the lone bright spot in an otherwise miserable finish.
Wash, rinse, repeat.
"I have no idea. I'm not concerned," said Van Gundy when Drummond's performance was brought up. "You give up 19 offensive rebounds, turn the ball over 19 times, I'm not gonna find any positives."
Drummond, Josh Smith and Greg Monroe grabbed 28 rebounds, and no Bucks player collected more than nine. However Bucks guards went to the glass to help out, creating a 50-36 advantage, while the Pistons guards were relegated to spectator status in that respect.
Starting guards D.J Augustin had two rebounds and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope none.
"We didn't rebound too well. That's not just on the bigs, that's on the guards too," Augustin said. "We have to help them and it affected us on the offensive end. Bad habits, just standing around. We have to make a mental note to get down there."
Although Jennings' absence was written off by Van Gundy as "just one guy," he was certainly missed after their first quarter start that saw them put up 31 points, many of them executed by Drummond scoring the way he had his first two years in the NBA — before the Pistons pushed the fast forward button on his development.
Easy passes at the rim, Drummond running the floor and getting alley-oop dunks contributed to him going 11-for-15 from the field, a season-high in shooting percentage and scoring.
"I just kind of just relaxed and let the game come to me," Drummond said. "I didn't really get down on myself when I missed shots. D.J. and I are starting to create a bond where he feels comfortable throwing that ball to me. It was a good start but didn't amount to a win."
Augustin had seven assists but had five turnovers while Brandon Knight keyed a 15-3 run to end the third quarter when the game was tied at 64, and hit a triple with three minutes left to end a modest Pistons run, pushing the lead back to 11.
Knight's level-headed performance (20 points, eight assists, three rebounds and two steals) was the head of a long-armed, athletic and energetic Bucks team, where four of its five starters shot over 50 percent.
Larry Sanders and rookie Jabari Parker each grabbed five offensive rebounds, often leading to one of the 10 triples the Bucks hit, enabling them to run away, with Knight and backcourt partner O.J. Mayo hitting three each.
The Pistons didn't perform with that type of efficiency, shooting 42 percent after the first quarter. Monroe scored 15, but only took 10 shots, making seven as the Pistons couldn't score 20 in a quarter after the first.
"We gotta do what's the strength of our team," Monroe said. "We have to do what works for us. Attacking the rim. We definitely have the personnel. The ball should be in the paint."
It also didn't help that the Pistons went seven of 17 from the free-throw line, as Josh Smith went two for 10 there, bringing his season percentage to 41.4.
"That's it. That's the four factors in the game," Van Gundy said, referring to the Pistons' turnovers and missed free throws along with the Bucks' offensive rebounds and three-pointers. "There's nothing else to talk about. Nineteen offensive rebounds, that was everybody. They outworked us, they deserved to win."
The young Bucks are halfway to last season's win total, while the Pistons are more than halfway home to their usual residence of misery.
vgoodwill@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/vgoodwill
A stranded humpback whale has managed to free itself from a North Stradbroke Island sandbank, after its calf was filmed trying to push it to safety.
The calf was repeatedly nudging its struggling mother in the shallow water after it became stuck around 7.30am AEST today.
It returned to its mother's side just after 8am AEST, and both animals could be seen pushing and splashing their tails in an apparent effort to free the adult from the bank.
They successfully swam off the bank about 8.10am AEST, and quickly moved away into deeper water.
A Queensland Parks and Wildlife Services (QPWS) boat was at the scene at South Passage between Moreton and North Stradbroke islands, and other humpbacks could also be seen in the nearby area.
The pair is believed to be the same mother and calf that became stranded overnight on Polka Point, just off Dunwich on the same island, a QPWS spokesperson said.
A humpback whale calf nudges an adult whale stranded off North Stradbroke Island. (9NEWS) ()
QPWS had hoped incoming tides would help the adult whale to free itself, but had otherwise planned to stabilise the animals until Sea World rescuers arrived.
A humpback whale calf nudges an adult whale stranded off North Stradbroke Island. (9NEWS) ()
The tide was coming in at North Stradbroke, from low tide about 6.53am AEST to high tide about 1.21pm AEST, according to Willy Weather.
Get breaking news alerts when a major story happens near you by downloading the 9NEWS Alerts app, available on iPhone and Android.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Disney Patent Allows Audio-Animatronics to Tell Where You're Looking
Every few weeks or so another Disney patent is discovered, giving us a peek at some of the technologies the company is working on to either improve the park experience or steal your identity, depending on who you ask. As Orlando Business Journal reports, the latest theme park patent uncovered would allow Audio-Animatronics to track your eyes and know where you're looking.
Simply put, the technology described would measure the whites of guests' eyeballs to determine where their irises were pointed. In theory, this information could then be used to make AAs more interactive. The patent explains, “By tracking the gaze of a participant, a computing system may direct various animatronics, automated objects or the like to interact with the participant. For example, a computing system within a theme park may direct an animatronic character from a movie to make a noise if a participant is looking at the animatronic character.”
As always, just because Disney files a patent for a technology and suggests applications for it doesn't mean that we'll see this in the park anytime soon. That said, this one doesn't sound that far-fetched or as creepy as a headline for it might sound. What do you think about this particular patent?
Applying proprietary techniques originally developed to enable deployment of long tethers in space, TUI has developed a technology to enable high-speed deployment of optical fibers underwater. This "Underwater Optical Tether Deployer" (UOTD) is a precision-wound optical fiber pack designed for use in submarine-launched buoys to provide a capability for two-way, high-bandwidth communications for submarines even when they are submerged and moving at high speeds. This optical communications link will provide a revolutionary capability for Navy submarines to participate in full networked warfare operations.
TUI's Underwater Optical Tether Deployer is produced using a fully-automated, high-precision process that achieves low pack attenuation and low unit cost. It has been demonstrated successfully in underwater deployments of up to 4 km of fiber at speeds of up to 30 knots, and at depths of over 400 feet, all with continuous signal transmission.
Precision Winding of Optical Fibers
TUI has also applied its proprietary precision optical fiber winding technology to fabrication of high-quality fiber winds for applications such as fiber-guided torpedos and mobile robots. The image to the right shows a 2-km wind of Linden Photonics' Strong Tether Fiber Optic Cable (STFOC) for torpedo applications.
CORRECTS AIR DATE TO AUG 6 AND CLARIFIES THAT A GROUP OF HACKERS AND NOT AN INDIVIDUAL IS INVOLVED - This image released by HBO shows Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as Jaime Lannister in an episode of "Game of Thrones," which aired Sunday, Aug. 6. A group of hackers posted a fresh cache of stolen HBO files, including some apparently related to the show "Game of Thrones," online Monday, part of what the purported hacker has claimed is a much larger trove of stolen HBO material. The dump includes scripts from five "Game of Thrones" episodes, including one upcoming episode, and a month's worth of email from the account of an HBO programming executive. (Macall B. Polay/HBO via AP)
NEW YORK (AP) — A group of hackers posted a fresh cache of stolen HBO files online Monday, and demanded a multimillion-dollar ransom from the network to prevent the release of entire television series and other sensitive proprietary files.
HBO, which had previously acknowledged the theft of “proprietary information,” said it's continuing to investigate and is working with police and cybersecurity experts.
In a swaggering five-minute video from “Mr. Smith” to HBO CEO Richard Plepler included in the dump, the hackers used white text scrolling on a black background to deliver an ultimatum. In short: Pay up within three days or see the group, which claims to have stolen 1.5 terabytes of HBO shows and confidential corporate data, upload entire series and sensitive proprietary files.
Specifically, the hackers demanded “our 6-month salary in bitcoin,” and claimed they earn $12 million to $15 million a year from blackmailing organizations whose networks they have penetrated. They said they would only deal directly with “Richard” and only send one “letter” detailing how to pay.
The dump itself was just 3.4 gigabytes — mostly technical data that appears to provide a topography of HBO's network and to list network-administrator passwords. It includes what appear to be draft scripts from five “Game of Thrones” episodes, including one upcoming episode, and a month's worth of email apparently from the account of Leslie Cohen, HBO's vice president for film programming.
The network reiterated Monday that it doesn't believe that its email system as a whole has been compromised.
The video text was written in often flawed but fluent English peppered with misspellings and pop-culture references.
The hackers claimed it took them about 6 months to breach HBO's network. Their biggest threat appears to be dumping videos of future shows online with their logo “HBO Is Falling” superimposed.
Many of the more than 50 internal documents in the dump were labeled “confidential,” including a spreadsheet of legal claims against the network, job offer letters to several top executives, slides discussing future technology plans and a list of 37,977 emails called “Richard's Contact list,” an apparent reference to Plepler.
One screenshot labeled “Highly Confidential” by the hackers listed folders such as “Penguin Random House,” ″Licensing & Retail,” ″Legal,” ″International” and “Budgets.” Another document appears to contain the confidential cast list for “Game of Thrones,” listing personal cellphone numbers and email addresses for actors such as Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey and Emilia Clark.
So far, however, the HBO leaks have been limited, falling well short of the chaos inflicted on Sony in 2014. In that attack, hackers possibly associated with North Korea unearthed thousands of embarrassing emails and released personal information, including salaries and social security numbers, of nearly 50,000 current and former Sony employees.
The video letter uploaded Monday claimed the hackers spend a half million dollars a year to purchase “zero-day” exploits that let them break into networks through holes not yet know to Microsoft and other software companies. It claims HBO is the hackers' 17th target and that only three of their past targets refused to pay.
The mortgage industry may be in meltdown, but at least one class of lender appears to be flourishing: Islamic finance companies that offer Muslim home buyers alternative arrangements such as lease-to-own deals so they can avoid making the sort of interest payments that many believe their religion forbids.
Officials at Guidance Residential, a Reston company that has financed more than 5,000 home purchases since it began in 2002, said the company is having its best year yet, with business up 7 percent in the first quarter of 2008 from the first quarter of 2007.
At University Islamic Financial, which began in Ann Arbor, Mich., and expanded its operations to Maryland, Virginia and five other states last year, officials said the number of home-financing applications quadrupled from last March to this March.
Representatives of the four major Islamic home-finance institutions in the United States said they do not track the reasons customers choose them over conventional mortgage brokers. Several speculated that it was due to the natural growth of what is still a fledgling retail industry, as well as two side effects of the mortgage crisis: The drop in prices in many regions has brought homes back within reach of first-time buyers, who make up a sizable chunk of Islamic financiers' customers. And the drumbeat of negative publicity about the practices of subprime mortgage lenders has amplified the distrust and discomfort the conventional mortgage industry already inspired in many Muslims.
"Folks have to be questioning the methods used by conventional mortgage companies over the last three or four years based on what's happening today," said Hussam A. Qutub, a spokesman for Guidance. "And I think that makes more people think, 'Well what about the emergence of this [Islamic-] compliant financing industry? Let me give it a look and educate myself about it to see if it could perhaps be more beneficial to me.' "
That was the prevailing sentiment among potential customers who approached an advertising booth staffed by Guidance representatives at the annual spring fair held by the Dulles Area Muslim Society in Sterling on a recent weekend.
Nabila Zerrarka, an Algerian-born woman wearing a white-and-green headscarf and pushing a stroller, wanted to find out if Guidance's home-finance options were more straightforward than those offered by traditional mortgage brokers.
"Deep down, I don't feel comfortable paying interest because it is against my beliefs," said Zerrarka, 29, who is searching for her first home and has already obtained a prequalification letter for a conventional loan from Bank of America. "But I also feel it's against my financial interests to pay interest. . . . What we've seen is that with interest-bearing loans, there are all these gimmicks and hidden costs and tricks that they can surprise you with. . . . If there is a possibility of doing it the Islamic way, we'd like to explore it."
Mounir Elhaj, 45, a native of Sudan who works at a moving company, wanted to know how Guidance deals with customers who fall behind on their payments. He said he recently helped move a woman whose house was foreclosed on after she missed payments.
"She had been paying her mortgage for 17 years, and the bank still took her house," Elhaj said to the Guidance sales representative. "So I want to know if I bought a house and then fail to pay, can you help me?"
The representative, Amr Mohamed, smiled magnanimously. "Yes, we can," he said, adding that Islamic law, known as sharia, forbids businesses from profiting from a customer's financial hardship. So if a customer is late on payments, Guidance charges him or her a flat administrative fee to cover processing costs but none of the percentage-based penalties and additional fees that conventional mortgage companies can pile on.
Islamic home financing aims to offer Muslim buyers the same opportunities as conventional lenders but with a twist that gets around sharia's prohibition against the payment of riba. Generally defined as excessive gain, riba has over the years come to be considered the equivalent of making money by renting money -- in other words, charging interest -- because the borrower shoulders risk while the lender is guaranteed a return.
In one of the alternative arrangements offered by Islamic finance companies, the company buys the house, then sells it to the home buyer in fixed monthly installments at an agreed-upon marked-up price. The markup rate is kept competitive with the prevailing interest rate on a conventional mortgage. So apart from a few additional transaction costs from the atypical nature of the arrangement, the buyer's monthly payment is roughly equivalent to what it would be with a conventional mortgage.
A second option is for the financier and the home buyer to enter a lease-to-own contract similar to those used to buy cars. Once again, the rental portion of the monthly payment is kept equivalent to prevailing interest payments. The third model, which is favored by Guidance, is also based on a lease-to-own arrangement, except that the buyer and the finance company form a limited-liability entity to own shares of the property.
All three arrangements got a major boost in 2001 when Freddie Mac agreed to begin buying them on the secondary market, ultimately including not just Guidance and University Islamic, but also Devon Bank in Chicago and American Finance House Lariba of Pasadena, Calif. Last year, Freddie Mac bought more than $250 million in Islamic home loans -- a tiny fraction of the corporation's $1.77 trillion business but nonetheless a slight increase over previous years, according to spokesman Brad German.
While Islamic finance companies have convened boards of prominent scholars to certify that their finance arrangements comply with sharia, not all Muslim thinkers are convinced that they are necessary.
Mahmoud Amin el-Gamal, an economics professor at Rice University specializing in Islamic finance, noted that even in Muslim countries, sharia-based financing was developed in only the past several decades. And he argued that because conventional mortgages are secured by a physical good, namely the home, that is usually the only asset the lender can repossess if the borrower fails to repay, such loans should not be considered the equivalent of making money by renting money.
In any case, el-Gamal maintained, Islamic home-finance products are so closely modeled on conventional mortgages as to constitute a distinction without a difference.
"This is an industry that preys on people's religious insecurities by selling them a product that they claim is different when it's not. It's false advertising, and it's a case of supply creating demand," El-Gamal said.
But Hirsi Dirir, a Somali-born technology analyst who recently obtained financing from Lariba to buy a townhouse in Annandale, said such objections pale in comparison with the peace of mind he has gained from making the extra effort to adhere to his faith.
"I wish I could avoid everything that Islam doesn't allow, but I can't," said Dirir, 32. "So if I have the opportunity and the choice to avoid interest, then it's very important to me not to mess with it."
Rizwan Jaka, 35, president of the Dulles Area Muslim Society and one of the first to buy a home with Islamic financing in the Washington area, also said the emergence of such arrangements constitutes an important milestone in the integration of Muslims in the American mainstream.
"It definitely marks a coming of age for us. . . . It's part of the whole process of being a part of this country while being able to have our faith accommodated," he said. "The American dream is to purchase a house, and the American Muslim dream is to be able to do so in an Islamic manner."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former professional wrestler Jimmy Snuka has has died, aged 73.
'Superfly' had been living in hospice care and was told in late 2016 that he had just months to live.
His daughter Tamina Snuka, who currently wrestles with the WWE, and WWE icon Dwayne Johnson confirmed the news first on social media on Sunday evening, followed by the WWE.
Tamina wrote: "I LOVE YOU DAD #FOREVERMYDAD #RestWell #FamiliesAreForever #BestDad #SnukaLegacy"
She accompanied the message with an image of her appearing to hold her ill father's hand.
The news was also confirmed by Johnson, otherwise known as the The Rock, who added "family is forever" in Samoan.
"Our family @TaminaSnuka asked me to share the sad news that her dad Jimmy Snuka has just passed away. Alofa atu i le aiga atoa. #RIPSuperfly," he posted.
Revelations about Snuka's ill health were revealed by his lawyer in December, as he was unable to appear in court.
Snuka was charged with third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter over the death of his girlfriend Nancy Argentino in 1983.
He was declared mentally incompetent at a hearing in June 2016 and was due to attend a hearing to re-evaluate his condition.
Nancy, 23, was taken to hospital gasping for air and oozing yellow liquid from her mouth on May 10, 1983, having spent the night in a hotel room with Snuka.
She died the next day.
Snuka, whose real name is James Wiley Smith Reiher, was named as a 'person of interest' at the time but no charges were ever brought and the case went cold.
He has long-maintained his innocence, even writing in his autobiography: "I never hit Nancy or threatened her."
But in September 2015, Snuka was charged with third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter.
A grand jury concluded he had caused the injuries which led to her death.
(Image: Getty)
As a wrestler, Snuka was famed mostly for his time with the WWF (now WWE) in the 1980s.
He earned his nickname 'Superfly' after becoming one of the first superstars to bring a high-flying style to the ring.
Two of Snuka's children, Jimmy Reiher Jr and Tamina, are also wrestlers.
NFL Network analyst Gil Brandt recently released his top-10 most talented teams in the league, and the only mention the Seahawks get is “Also considered: Jacksonville Jaguars, Houston Texans, Miami Dolphins, Seattle Seahawks.” When Bucky Brooks did the exact same list last year, the Seahawks entered the 2016 season ranked #1.
Okay, fine. We don't know Brandt's reasoning for leaving the Seahawks out, but we know that his top ten teams are (in order): New England Patriots, Pittsburgh Steelers, Atlanta Falcons, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys, New York Giants, Green Bay Packers, Kansas City Chiefs, Carolina Panthers, and the Washington Redskins.
This paragraph on the Panthers is just patently absurd:
Matt Kalil is a key improvement? Are we talking about the same Matt Kalil here? And on this contract? Uh huh.
On the “not lacking for weapons” part, Carolina's wide receiver depth is quite comfortably the worst in the NFC South. Look at this!
They have a ways to go to bring themselves up from last season's 25th DVOA ranking on offense.
Defensively, Julius Peppers is on his way to the Hall of Fame, but he's 37 years old. This is going to have roughly the same effect as when Carolina traded for Jared Allen in 2015. New strong safety Mike Adams did make the Pro Bowl twice from 2014-2015 in Indy, but he's 36, so the Panthers' defense just got a hell of a lot older and definitely not faster if these are two of the three meaningful acquisitions.
The Seahawks have one of the best quarterbacks in the league, one of the best tight ends, one of the best wide receivers, a two-time All-Pro special teams returner who may emerge as a legitimate #2 wide receiver, added a 2013 Second-Team All-Pro running back in Eddie Lacy, arguably the best cornerback in the game, THE best and most valuable free safety in the business, the second-best front seven according to NFL.com's Gregg Rosenthal, and somehow in Mr. Brandt's world they're nearer to a middling team in terms of talent than they are towards the top.
I don't get it. Oh well, it's just one dude's list, but it's a very bad one. Tennessee Titans fans are also probably wondering why the Jaguars get an “also considered” mention but they're not even in the picture.
Spencer Sotelo, lead singer of Periphery, recently launched a solo project called Endur and let's just say it strays from the path the band had gone before in many ways, but in others you can hear where the creative force he brings to the group spread out for you to examine on American Parasite. When faced with the opportunity to we couldn't resist getting to the root of the direction he is going, its relationship to Periphery, whether the new sound will shape things to come with the band, whether he has held things back prior to this release and how it might seem unnatural, but it isn't. We catch him right before their current tour kicked off in Ohio, he just left his new bride for the tour, we talk about married life (although he'd been married like a week), his in-laws, his relationship, we dove into the touring life and the departure of Adam “Nolly” Getgood, how he has left the band, but really hasn't left the band, he is technically still on tour with them!
Instead of tearing into one news story about an old metal dude getting pissy about what cell phones do in 2017, we look at the overarching idea that some of the old guard may have their head up their collective asses about how the world works. When you reach a certain point in your career (when you have effed you money) people in your circle stop giving you the same perspective and kissing your ass, could that be the fuel behind screwing your fans over for downloading free music on Napster? Not caring that you are kicking out paying customers to your show? Or milking your fans for more money even though you said ‘no more tours' in 25 years ago? Or thinking that people really want to hear that new song, not the hits from 20 years ago? Are the old guard metal patriarchs yelling at the proverbial kids to get off their lawn?
Another new Episode of TMP!
The Pixel 2 and 2 XL include a number of small tweaks that other 8.0 devices, even the OG Pixels, don't have. For example, the home screen's theme changes based on your wallpaper. We already knew that was coming to more phones in 8.1, and there's another theme feature from the Pixel 2 that's in 8.1 as well. Accent colors are pulled from your wallpaper for the notification and power menu shadows.
When you open the notifications or hit the power button to restart/power-off, the system draws a shadow overlay on the rest of the screen. If you do this while on the home screen, it's tinted with an accent color from your wallpaper. I've tested with a few different wallpapers, all of which produce varying shades. It works the same on the Pixel 2 and the Android 8.1 developer preview.
Importantly, this only happens when you're on the home screen (including the Google Feed). If you're in an app or even the settings, the shadow is the standard gray color. It's likely Google is using something similar to the Wallpaper API added in Android 8.1 on the Pixel 2's special 8.0 build. As we've come to realize, the Pixel 2 includes many features from 8.1.
A U.S. Navy pilot flying over far north Okanogan County, Washington, is in hot water for leaving contrails in the sky in the shape of a penis. According to a report from CBS News affiliate KREM, people on the ground saw the image and complained. One mother was “upset because she might have to explain the drawings to her kids.” The reporter assured listeners that “we're deliberately not showing you those drawings because they're offensive.”
For over half a century the U.S. government has sent our military (and plenty of military aid) to foreign countries, to kill and maim and torture, to overthrow democratic governments and shore up corporate dominance, to prop up brutal dictators, and ultimately to protect America's global hegemony.
Jim Quinn of The Burning Platform rightly observed, “There isn't a country on earth who is truly a threat to our peace and well being, but we spend a trillion dollars per year sowing discontent and chaos around the globe so we can keep our troops and navies occupied killing and bombing people as the profits flow to the military industrial complex.” War, as Major General Smedley Butler wrote, is a racket.
Over these many years the bodies have piled up, as have the endless failures and the resulting chaos. Americans respond to this by closing their eyes and mindlessly chanting paeans to our Empire. Military recruiters roam the halls of high schools, filling impressionable minds with nonsense about “serving your country” and “protecting freedom.” Military spending perpetually grows, as does the number of countries hosting American troops and bases. Meanwhile drones vaporize wedding parties and terrorize civilians in foreign lands.
When Madeleine Albright was asked about the deaths of half a million (!) Iraqi children at the hands of US sanctions, she said “the price is worth it.” The silence was deafening. Barack Obama – the “peace president” – boasted that he was “really good at killing people.” The nation yawned. But let's not put an American mother in the uncomfortable position of explaining the male penis!
Such absurdity reminds us of the angry rant from Colonel Kurtz at the end of the film Apocalypse Now, when he marveled over the shameless hypocrisy of military commanders who “train young men to drop fire on people” but bristle at the sight of expletives written on the sides of airplanes.
A Navy pilot draws adolescent images in the sky, and Americans are morally outraged. Wouldn't it be nice if more Americans — including the mainstream media — experienced moral outrage when U.S. pilots kill and maim people in overseas military adventures?”
You don't have to be a good student to be holy
In her book, The Shepherd Who Didn't Run, on the life of Fr. Stanley Rother, America's first declared martyr, María Ruiz Scaperlanda details how poor scholarship, possibly stemming from a learning disability, almost derailed Rother's ordination. Recently Aleteia featured a prayer for struggling students to Saint Joseph Cupertino, another famously weak theologian, and it got us thinking about how God uses the sublimely brilliant, like Aquinas and Augustine, as well as everyday folks who do not feel called to be scholars, for his divine purposes.
For instance, look at these three saints who failed numerous academic examinations, but continue to influence thousands of lives through their example:
Saint John Vianney – Born to peasant farmers, the future Curé d'Ars felt called to the priesthood at a young age, but was prevented from going to school because of the French Revolution. After tensions died down in France, Vianney enrolled in a local school but struggled with the curriculum even though he was the oldest in his class. He was constantly teased for his ignorance; once a younger student made fun of him because he couldn't answer a question and punched him in the face. That student was Mathias Loras, who ended up becoming friends with Vianney and later became the first bishop of Dubuque, Iowa.
Eventually Vianney was allowed to study in seminary, but was considered “too slow” by his instructors. After Vianney failed an examination the seminary rector said, “John-Baptist, the professors do not find you fit for sacred ordination to priesthood. Some of them have called you an ass knowing nothing of theology. How can we promote you to the reception of the sacrament of priesthood?” Vianney famously responded, “Monsignor, Samson killed one hundred Philistines with the jawbone of an ass. What do you think God could do with a whole one?”
Vianney was ordained a priest on account of his holiness and went on to become one of the greatest parish priests ever known. Pope Benedict XVI even named him “patron of all priests.”
Saint Bernadette Soubirous – Born to a family of millers, Bernadette was hired out at a young age as a shepherdess due to economic difficulties. This allowed little time for study and prevented her from learning her catechism. At the age of 14 Bernadette still had not received her First Communion and struggled with reading. One of her teachers, Jean Barbet, said about her: “Bernadette has difficulties retaining the words in Catechism which she cannot study because she does not know how to read.”
Our Lady appeared to Bernadette — this girl without any theological knowledge who had not received her First Communion — and said to her, “I am the Immaculate Conception.” This is what convinced the local pastor that the apparitions were real, for the illiterate Bernadette could never have conceived of that theological dogma on her own accord.
Bernadette would go on to live a hard life, but she persevered in holiness and simplicity. She is one of the few saints whose body is incorrupt, a sign of special graces, and thousands of pilgrims flock to the apparition site in Lourdes each year.
Venerable Solanus Casey – Born to Irish immigrant farmers in Wisconsin, Solanus Casey received very little education growing up and, after feeling a call to the priesthood, entered a high school seminary in Milwaukee at the age of 21. However, Casey wasn't able to keep up with the classes, which were taught in German and Latin. He was advised to join a religious order, where he could be ordained a simplex priest. This meant he would not be able to hear confessions or preach.
He was admitted into the Capuchin Order, but continued to struggle in seminary. His superiors agreed that he should be ordained a simplex priest because of his lack of studies and general ignorance, and they assigned him the post of porter, or doorkeeper — one of the lowest tasks in the community. However, Casey believed it was a great blessing and took his responsibilities as a porter very seriously, listening to everyone who came to the monastery. His reputation of holiness spread and Casey was transferred to a different monastery to get away from the crowds who came to him. They soon found out where he was stationed and started to come by the busloads.
Even though he was a doorkeeper for most of his life, Casey was revered for his holiness, and many miracles have been attributed to his intercession.
The lives of these three saints reveal to us that God's grace is not reserved to the theologian or scholar. In fact, God often uses those who are the weakest to bring about the greatest good. Everyone is called to be a saint and God will use our faults or handicaps for the spreading of his Gospel.
News of the week's devastating earthquakes in Haiti spread quickly across the Internet as people looked for ways to help in the recovery efforts from home. As usual, scammers have seized the opportunity to take advantage of search engine trends by setting up fake charity sites and sending out spam soliciting donations that will go anywhere but Haiti.
Scammers pop up anytime something significant happens, whether it's a natural disaster or the death of a celebrity, trying to redirect users to their just-registered domains to infect people with malware. Disasters such as the Haiti quakes, though, have the added benefit of concerned citizens wanting to donate money—indeed, as we learned during Hurricane Katrina, large numbers of ignorant Internet users were duped by fake donation sites and ended up sending their money to those with ill intentions instead of charities that could help those in need. And not all of them are obvious scams, either—one e-mail circulating in the UK claims to come from the British Red Cross and even displays the real Red Cross address in London, but directs users to a different domain when they try to click through.
It's bad enough that several organizations have issued warnings this time around, urging those looking to donate to do their research and choose reputable charities. For example, the Better Business Bureau has a quick guide on what to look for when donating money to Haiti recovery efforts. The Federal Bureau of Investigation also has a fraud alert on its site, warning people to be wary of unsolicited e-mails, those soliciting on social networking sites, and those who claim to be making donations to a charity on your behalf. The takeaway from both the BBB and the FBI is to only donate to charities that you know and trust, and if you need help, there's a list where you can research relief organizations that are accredited by the BBB.
If you don't have time or energy to do the research, however, we'll provide a few suggestions for you. The most obvious choice is to donate to the Red Cross, which has told various news outlets that it has already exhausted all of its supplies in Haiti and that there are far more people in need of help. However, the Red Cross website isn't the only place you can donate anymore—the organization says you can donate a quick $10 just by texting the word "Haiti" to 90999. There's also Doctors Without Borders/M�decins Sans Fronti�res, an international organization created by doctors that provide relief efforts around the world.
There are a number of other donation memes spreading around Facebook and Twitter, most of which ask you to SMS something to a number to donate $5 or $10. We caution you, however, to be wary of these unless you hear it directly from a reputable organization (such as the Red Cross, as mentioned above)—there's no telling how much you're actually charging back to your own phone bill or what services you may inadvertently sign up for.
While you wait for your donations to go through, you can head over to Google Maps to catch updated satellite images of the destruction areas. Google is also offering a KML overlay for Google Earth as part of its partnership with GeoEye.
One of the most interesting questions in Indian macroeconomics today is: how are we faring since late 2016? In this article, I seek to analyse data on tax revenues and obtain some clues about the performance of the economy.
In a press release published on January 9, the central government reported the following increases in tax collections during April-December 2016, compared to the corresponding period of previous year:
Central excise duty: 43 percent. Service tax: 23.9 percent. Customs duty: 4.1 percent. Corporation tax: 4.4 percent. Income tax: 24.6 percent.
These are large values. Holding other things constant, they suggest buoyant economic activity. However, when looking at tax data, we have to look at the extent to which other things are indeed constant. When analysing tax data, in order to read the state of the macroeconomy, we need to adjust for the part of the tax revenues which are on account of ‘Additional Revenue Mobilisation' (ARM). Two kinds of ARM are:
An increase in tax rate: additional revenues due to higher rate do not indicate robustness of the underlying activity. An administrative measure: additional revenues from one-time administrative measures (eg. a tax amnesty scheme) may not reflect the underlying economic activity.
Let us walk through the major taxes, and see what we can tell, and what we do not know.
Excise Duty
The biggest increase in tax collection has come from excise duty. The collection during April-December 2016 was 43 percent higher than the corresponding period in 2015. Collection grew by 45 percent in April-October, 33.7 percent in November, and 34.8 percent in December, compared to the corresponding periods of previous year.
Excise duty rates during the reference period
Were the rates constant? Between April-December 2015 and April-December 2016, there have been certain changes in excise duties. Basic excise duties on these products were increased in five steps between November 6, 2015 and January 30, 2016. The detailed notifications can be found on the CBEC website. The cumulative impact of these increases is:
Unbranded petrol: increased from Rs.5.46 to Rs.9.48 per litre
Branded petrol: increased from Rs.6.64 to Rs.10.66 per litre
High speed diesel: increased from Rs.4.26 to Rs.11.33 per litre
Other diesel: increased from Rs.6.62 to Rs.13.69 per litre
Taxation of petroleum products is unfortunately the backbone of India's excise duty collection; we have failed to build a more broad-based indirect tax system. In 2015-16, the total excise duty (including cesses) collected was Rs.2,84,142 crore. From this, about Rs.1,94,061 crore, or 68.3 percent, was from crude oil and petroleum products (including cess on crude oil).
The increases in the specific rates for the four products would thus have an important impact upon the overall excise duty collections. Consider the excise duty on unbranded petrol. Since five rounds of rate increases happened between November 2015 and January 2016, when we compare collections in April-December 2015 versus April-December 2016, we are comparing periods with different applicable rates. During April-December 2015, the basic excise duty per litre on unbranded petrol was Rs.5.46 between April 1 and November 6, Rs.7.06 from November 7 to December 16, and Rs.7.36 from December 17 to December 31. However, throughout Apri-December 2016, the basic duty per litre of unbranded petrol was Rs.9.48. So, while comparing collections during these two periods, we need to deduct the additional revenue due to the higher rates.
Increase in collection during April-October
A press release on December 9, 2016 reported the indirect tax (excise duty, service tax, and customs) collection with and without ARM. During April-October 2016, the growth in indirect tax collection with ARM was 26.6 percent, while without ARM it was 8 percent. So, the total ARM was 18.6 percent of indirect tax collection during the same period of previous year. This is Rs.71,315 crore.
To the best of my knowledge, there has been no ARM in customs. ARM in service tax collections can be estimated by comparing applicable rates during the two periods being considered. During April-October 2015, the applicable rate for April and May was 12.36 percent, and it was 14 percent for June-October. So, the average rate during the period was 13.53 percent. During April-October 2016, the rate was 14.5 percent for April and May (Swachch Bharat Cess of 0.5 percent was introduced in November 2015), and 15 percent for June-October (Krishi Kalyan Cess of 0.5 percent from June 1, 2016). So, the average rate was 14.86 percent. The estimated increase in service tax collection due to ARM was (14.86-13.53)/13.53 percent = 9.8 percent of collection during corresponding period of previous year. This is Rs.11,059 crore. So, the remaining ARM, i.e. Rs.60,256 crore is estimated to have come from excise duty increases. Since the total increase in excise duty collection during April-October 2016 was Rs.66,485 crore, the increase without ARM was Rs.6229 crore, or 4.22 percent higher than excise duty collection in April-October 2015 (Rs.1,47,670 crore).
Increase in collection during November and December
During November 2016, the growth in indirect tax collection with ARM was 23.09 percent, while without ARM it was 8 percent. This suggests that, in November 2016, indirect tax collection from ARM was 15.09 percent of indirect tax collection in November 2015. This is Rs.8259 crore. Customs collections had no ARM. The effective service tax rate during November 2015 can be assumed at 14.25 percent, as half of the month had 14 percent rate (effective from June 1 to November 15, 2015) while the other half had 14.5 percent rate (0.5 percent Swachch Bharat Cess introduced on November 15, 2015). In November 2016, the rate was 15 percent (including Krishi Kalyan Cess of 0.5 percent). So, the ARM in this November's service tax collection is estimated to be (15-14.25)/14.25 percent = 5.26 percent of service tax collection in November 2015 (Rs.14,870 crore). This is about Rs.782 crore. Deducting this, we get Rs.7477 crore of ARM for excise duty in November. The total reported increase in excise duty collection in November 2016 was Rs.7477 crore. So, the increase in excise duty collection in November without ARM is estimated to have been zero. This suggests a deceleration from 4.22 percent growth in the preceding months..
Since these are nominal values, in real terms, collection may have declined in November. Excise duty becomes due at the time goods leave the factory. One did not expect any significant demonetisation impact on excise duty collection for November, as production and factory clearance schedules for the month were not likely to have been significantly affected by a decision taken in second week of the month. We saw this in the auto sector data, where November data showed a decline in sales but an increase in production, while the December data shows a decline in both sales and production. The latest IIP numbers, which show an increase in industrial production in November, also confirm this. So, the estimate of excise duty collection without ARM in November is surprising. Further, since retailers of petroleum products were allowed to accept old notes, the impact on these products should have been lower. So, to the extent increase in excise duty collection is an indicator of underlying economic activity, the news from November may be worse than expected.
It is difficult to make a reasonable estimate of excise duty collection without ARM in December, because, unlike the press release on December 9, the press release on January 9 does not include details about ARM, not even in the aggregate. When government releases December's data about excise duty collected without ARM, we can do this analysis for December.
Increase in excise duty collection (in percent) April-Oct Nov Dec With ARM 45 33.7 34.8 Without ARM (estimate) 4.22 0 NA
Service Tax
During April-December, 2016, service tax collections were up 23.9 percent compared to the corresponding period last year. During April-October, the increase was 27 percent, while it decelerated to 15.5 percent for November and 3.67 percent for December. This deceleration is significant, but we need to understand the increase without ARM.
Service tax rates during the reference period
Service tax rate has been increased thrice during the reference period
June 1, 2015: rate increased from 12.36 percent to 14 percent November 15, 2015: Swachh Bharat Cess of 0.5 percent took the rate to 14.5 percent. June 1, 2016: Krishi Kalyan Cess of 0.5 percent took the rate to 15 percent
Increase in collection during April-October
In the section on excise duty, I estimated that ARM for service tax during April-October was 9.8 percent of service tax collection during the corresponding period of previous year. The overall increase in service tax collection in April-October was 26.9 percent. So, the increase without ARM would have been about 17.1 percent.
Increase in collection during November and December
In November 2016, collection increased by 15.52 percent compared to November 2015 – from Rs.14,870 crore Rs.17,178 crore. In the previous section, I estimated that about Rs.782 crore of service tax collection in November 2016 may have been on account of ARM. After deducting this ARM from collection in November 2016, the increase without ARM was 10 percent.
The increase in service tax collection in December 2016 (Rs. 22,449 crore) was 3.67 percent higher than that in December 2015 (Rs.21,655 crore). Since, the service tax rate applicable in December 2015 was 14.5 percent, while that in December 2016 was 15 percent, ARM is estimated to have led to 0.5/14.5 percent = 3.45 percent increase in service tax collection in December. So, in this estimate, the increase in service tax collection without ARM was 0.22 percent. If this analysis is correct, it shows a significant deceleration in rate of increase in service tax collection without ARM: from 17.1 percent in April-October, to 10 percent in November, to 0.22 percent in December.
Increase in service tax collection (in percent) April-Oct Nov Dec With ARM 26.9 15.52 3.67 Without ARM (estimate) 17.1 10 0.22
Customs Duty
During April-December 2016, customs duty collection has increased by 4.1 percent, compared to the same period in 2015. During the corresponding period in previous year, the growth in collection was 17 percent. For November 2016, collection increased by about 16 percent. Partially, this may have been because this year Diwali was in October, while last year it was in November. Customs collections are mostly done on working days. November 2015 had fewer working days than November 2016. This effect might explain a part of the increase. Still, growth in customs collections in November was significant. This is along expected lines, as import orders usually do not get cancelled with a short notice. However, for the month of December, the customs collection was 7.6 percent lower than the same month in 2015. It is too early to say what this decline means. In the past also, there have been months when customs collections declined even when there was no obvious explanation.
Corporation Tax
Corporation tax collection during April-December was 4.4 percent higher than the corresponding period last year. Last year, during the same period, the growth in corporation tax collection was 11.74 percent. Collection in December 2016 was 4.7 percent lower than that in December 2015. December is one of the months for deposit of advance taxes. This low collection may indicate that firms have revised their profit forecasts downwards. However, it is difficult to draw a conclusion, as there may be other explanations. For instance, disproportionate refunds may have been made in December. We do not have the data to draw a conclusion.
Income Tax
During April-December, income tax collection was 24.6 percent higher than that in the corresponding period of 2015. However, a key factor here is the income declaration scheme that ended on September 30, 2016, and had mandated payment of tax, surcharge and penalty by November 30, 2016. The expected tax inflow from the scheme was about Rs.30,000 crore. This is a form of additional revenue mobilisation. Hence, unless we know the increase without this ARM, it is difficult to interpret the number. For instance, if Rs. 25,000 crore was collected under the scheme, the increase in income tax collection during April-December would be just over 8.3 percent.
Conclusion
The analysis presented here suggests that the reading of tax collection numbers as signifiers of robust economic activity may be too optimistic. I have had to estimate some of the numerical values above because the data releases on tax collections have been parsimonious on details. This is especially true of the release on January 9. The consistent inclusion of details about additional revenue mobilisation for different taxes for each month would make it easier to conduct economic analysis using tax data.
The author is a researcher at National Institute of Public Finance and Policy. Views expressed here are personal.
This article was first published in Ajay Shah's Blog.
Loading ... Loading ...
Convenience is a big factor in today's society, especially when it comes to eating, which is why styrofoam has been such a staple in fast food restaurants, for takeout orders anywhere, and in the home when the pool, beach, or a large party at the house is calling. But did you ever stop to think how this convenience is affecting you and the earth?
While many of us call it styrofoam, that's actually a trademarked brand name specific to the polystyrene foam used for thermal insulation and craft applications, not actually the polystyrene we use regularly.
Used in a whole range of disposable products, polystyrene is a petroleum-based plastic foam that is incredibly slow to break down in landfill. And because it will sit there for quite some time, it has the overwhelming potential to leach harmful chemicals into waterways for millennia to come.
A 1986 EPA report on solid waste concluded that the polystyrene manufacturing process was the 5th largest creator of hazardous waste, while The National Bureau of Standards Center for Fire Research identified 57 chemical byproducts released during the combustion of polystyrene foam. Furthermore, the process of making it pollutes the air and creates large amounts of liquid and solid waste. There are also concerns over how the material can impact human health by containing hormone-disrupting chemicals.
When it ends up in the ocean — becoming among the 86 percent of disposable plastic that's not recycled — it breaks down much too soon, becoming microplastic that marine organisms can then ingest, resulting in toxins that make their way up the food chain.
It's safe to say this “convenient” disposable material is simply wreaking havoc on our planet and our bodies. But finally, there's something being done about it.
In an effort to be waste-free by 2020, the city of San Francisco just unanimously voted to ban the sale of polystyrene products by 1 January 2017. While cities throughout the U.S. have been limiting its use, this ban is the most extensive one to be put into place in the country to date. By 1 July 2017, polystyrene fish and meat trays will also be illegal to sell.
San Francisco first banned polystyrene take-away containers in 2007 as a result of environmental concerns, since a whopping 25 billion polystyrene cups are thrown out each year in the US alone. More than 100 cities have followed suit since 2007, including Washington DC, declaring a similar ban on polystyrene take-away containers.
Not everyone is celebrating San Francisco's ruling, however. In fact, the American Chemistry Council has announced that polystyrene is actually more environmentally friendly than some biodegradable options, due to its light weight that produces less carbon emissions during transportation. “All packaging leaves an environmental footprint,” explained Tim Shestek, the council's senior director.
Nevertheless, polystyrene is one of the most popular and long-lasting of the materials we use today, so banning it from a major city is certainly something to celebrate, as we find hope for the future of respecting our earth.
The ordinance was sponsored in part by Supervisor Aaron Peskin, who told the San Francisco Examiner, “I'm delighted that San Francisco continues to be a leader on the environmental issues of our day as we've got plastic floatin' in our ocean the size of Texas.”
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
SALT LAKE CITY — Downtown Salt Lake City was filled with cosplayers last weekend as they attended Salt Lake Comic Con FanX 2016.
Cosplay, the art of wearing a COS-tume and PLAY-ing the role, may be misunderstood by the those who haven't been in the vicinity during events of this type. Some may have seen the many YouTube videos of scantily clad women barely resembling their intended character and avoided the convention. Salt Lake Comic Con is not that kind of convention. In fact the event cosplay rules state it is a family-friendly convention and "Cover your body parts. 'No costume' is not a costume."
If you had the fortune of being at the convention last weekend, you saw families, children, couples and groups of friends taking part in cosplay, and what is more family friendly than Disney.
Shannyn handmade costumes for her entire family for their "Monsters, Inc." cosplay. Her husband's James P Sullivan costume took more than 75 hours for her to make. She bought blue fur and sculpted it around items found at home like springs from a used mattress. Her attention to detail helped win their family an award at the FanX cosplay contest.
Kimberly came as Rapunzel from Disney's "Tangled" and her whole family followed suit. Cosplaying as Flynn Rider, Mother Gothel, the Mime and even an animated Pascal that sat on Rapunzel's shoulder and moved. If you were lucky, you might have seen Rapunzel's hair light up as well.
Others modified the traditional Disney character to be battle ready. Blythe worked her magic on Merida from "Brave." Dani did the same for Ariel from "The Little Mermaid."
Ashlyn is a favorite at the conventions for her Disney cosplays, this time with a wonderful cosplay of Giselle from Disney's "Enchanted."
Enjoy these photos of just some of the wonderful and creative Disney cosplays seen last weekend at FanX.
×
Photos
Related Stories
Story behind this picture~!Kyoto was a lonely and shy girl. she did not have the best family. In fact, her family were poor, and because of this, many fights would erupt within her family. Kyoto, however, was special. She just did not know it yet.Kyoto woke up one night, literally in a different reality. Her apprehension grows as she notices that the people around her, are not in the form of human beings, but rather oddly shaped humanoid forms that didn't seem to correspond to any known species of animal she could immediately think of.One of the first spectres she met was YamiYang, a very tall, perhaps taller than 7 feet, young magician who originated from a long family of his kind. YamiYang eventually became like an older brother to Kyoto, unconcerned for her different appearance he taught her about his world. YamiYang discusses how he is a misunderstood spectre and that many people fear him due to his abilities. Some spectres began to worship Kyoto because she was different.Over time, Kyoto noticed she was unable to phase back into the human world and that her form began to distort. Her once thin hands began to take the form of claws, and her sanity began to diminish. In her confusion and anger, Kyoto killed a fellow spectre.YamiYang felt that the once kind little girl he had essentially raised was gone, and that she was far too dangerous considering that negative emotions are very much like poison to spectres. Kyoto wanted to go home and became aware that YamiYang's species had the ability to phase between dimensions for short periods of time, but YamiYang did not want to threaten his reputation any more, he felt that she was a danger to both humans and spectres so he came upon the decision to have Kyoto banished to the mountains where her negative energy would dissipate. Kyoto begins to walk slowly towards the mountains. She stops. She runs towards YamiYang, glomping him in a hug that almost staggers him. She begins to cry and YamiYang trembles. She then runs off towards the mountains without looking back or stopping.OMG IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR COMPY DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS THE FILE SIZE IS HUUUUUGE WHY DO I KEEP DRAWING MASSIVE FILE SIZE PICTURES akdkasdkasfkakffMy computer CRASHED 3 TIMES IN THE MAKING OF THIS OH MY~!
The Next Regularly Scheduled Council Meeting March 4th, 2019 - 7:00 pm
Welcome to our City Argonia, Kansas is located near the scenic banks of the Chikaskia River along the BNSF railroad in western Sumner County. Argonia features both historic sites and modern facilities. US HWY 160 runs along the north side of the city and is connected to downtown by K-210, one of the shortest state highways in Kansas.
Argonia Trivia: Home of America's first woman Susanna Madora Salter . Argonia is the only town with this name in the world. The first child born in the town was Francis Argonia Salter; date of birth was February 13, 1883.
The airplane, Argonia, flew into Normandy on D-Day, June 6, 1944. It was a C-47, piloted by Argonian Charles Young.
The first group of Flying Farmers was organized here. Driving Directions Quick Info: Founded: 1885 Population: 537 (2012)
Elevation: 1255 feet
School District: USD 359
Latitude: 37° 15' 57" N Longitude: 97° 45' 55" W
ZIP code: 67004
Area Code: 620
Pay your Utility Bill, Ticket, RV Park, Inspection Fee or other fees online
Dump Site The dump site is located down by the River Park south of Argonia off Main Street is used to dump clean yard debris. We have a key at the city offices that you can check out for a $5 fee call if you have any questions. 620-435-6553
Fire Department The City of Argonia Fire Department would like to remind before you burn anything in the city limits you must pick up a burn permit and fill it out for the fire department. Burn permits are available at the Fire Department or the City of Argonia building. Click this link to download the Burn Permit.
No chemicals, no big machines: When Johannes Rodewyk applies fertilizer, he follows rules. At a certain point in autumn, he places a handful of cow manure into a cow horn and buries it in the earth until Easter. He then takes water soaked in the manure and mists it across his fields: 50 grams (2 ounces) per hectare.
Two horses, one donkey, five pigs, one pond, and numerous freely roaming hens and cows - Rodewyk's farm in far northern Germany has nothing to do with industrial agriculture or monocultures. Since the beginning of the year, it's been certified as biodynamic by Demeter, the biodynamic agriculture association with the strictest regulations in the world.
As Global Soil Week gets underway Sunday (19.04.2015), DW takes a closer look at this controversial farming method. What's behind biodynamic agriculture - does it work? And can it help feed the planet sustainably?
It's all about dynamic
Biodynamic farming takes organic agriculture a step further. Rejuvenating aspects distinguish this method, says Renee Herrnkind of the Demeter association: "We don't want to simply leave harmful things out. We want to add something good as well."
Rodewyk's farm "Bauernhof Gut Kappeln" is one of 1,500 biodynamic farms in Germany
Biodynamic farms don't focus on yield, but rather on overall benefit for humans and the environment. Demeter farms are therefore structured around diversity, while regular organic farms tend to specialize in a few products.
Biodynamic farms have hedges, wide margins around their fields, and crops are rotated more often - in short, biodiversity is increased.
"The key is to understand such farms as organisms, where one organ feeds into another," Herrnkind says. Demeter farms almost always have animals, for example, which fertilize the fields.
Bringing woo to the land
And biodynamic agriculture is now 90 years old. The concept was developed by Austrian philosopher Rudolf Steiner and is based in the spirit of anthroposophy, an esoteric spiritual movement with roots in German philosophy.
Steiner promoted spiritual unity between man and the Earth, using this to develop alternative approaches to medicine, learning, art - and agriculture.
Of the 5,000 Demeter-certified farms worldwide, 1,500 are in Germany. The market for biodynamic products continues to grow here, in the country that gave birth to the method, by 15 percent per year, Herrnkind says - "Which demonstrates how people value these products."
Compared with organic agriculture, biodynamic agriculture is more radical - and more controversial.
Johannes and Martina Rodewyk with their hens - everything is interconnected on a biodynamic farm
'Cosmic forces'
Anthroposophists place the power of their method in what they describe as "cosmic forces" - which their preparations are supposed to activate.
These preparations contain herbs such as yarrow, chamomile or dandelions - or substances like manure - which are applied to the fields in tiny doses. Biodynamic farmers believe the cow poop preparation that Rodewyk distributes over his field stimulates root growth by "harmonizing life processes."
"It's not about the physical dimension," says Herrnweg, who adds that the number of micrograms of yarrow in the preparations doesn't matter so much. He compares biodynamic agriculture to homeopathy: There's nothing there, yet it works anyway.
And, like homeopathy, biodynamic agriculture has its share of skeptics.
Increased soil fertility
So is biodynamic agriculture nothing more than hocus-pocus - or is there something to it?
The Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (FiBL) in Switzerland has been testing exactly that through a study that's been running since 1978. On three adjacent fields, the institute is comparing conventional agriculture with organic farming and biodynamic methods.
Urs Niggli, head of the FiBL, describes some results: "In the first 15 years nothing - but then after the 15th year, differences gradually became apparent." According to Niggli, results showed that the soil on the biodynamic field became far more fertile than on the conventional field.
That research indicates that biodynamic methods indeed improve the soil quality. But is this connected directly to application of the preparations? From a scientific perspective, the amounts of active substances are simply far too small.
Hens have their pick of a coop, wintering roost or open space
Yet in the experiment, all other factors were controlled: location, climate and initial soil conditions. "So we can say that there is a certain effect, but we cannot clarify how," Niggli said. Although practitioners of biodynamic farming would explain it according to their beliefs, Niggli says that, "scientifically, it's perplexing."
Niggli infers that the way in which biodynamic agriculture processes its manure into compost could play a role.
Rodewyk said that, despite also having his doubts, they saw effects after trying the method.
"We were surprised how our fields looked after the first year: The crops were more stably rooted, and the green color was richer, although we didn't add fertilizer."
Saving the earth?
Even if the mechanism for increased soil fertility remains a riddle, the fact is that the method does benefit the natural environment.
"Practitioners very meticulously care for the land," Niggli notes. "Their techniques - such as composting or flat tillage - create an extremely protective system," he says.
In addition, current research into biodynamically farmed fields show that the soil is storing more organic carbon - which means less gets into the atmosphere, putting the brakes on climate change.
So could biodynamic agriculture be implemented on a global scale to help protect the environment? Herrnkind believes that, while ever more farmers are turning to the method, it's not suitable for mass production.
Urs Niggli at FiBL agrees. Its reach, he says, may be limited.
"In order to address global problems like loss of biodiversity, climate change and food security, the surfaces that are cultivated are just too small."
The Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) has issued fines to three teams and their players for breaking league rules after they wore black t-shirts to show support for the Black Lives Matter.
The league charged three teams $5,000 each and also levied fines of $500 each on the players. Fined were the New York Liberty, Phoenix Mercury and the Indiana Fever.
The fines were meted out for breaking league rules maintaining that uniforms cannot be altered in any way without prior permission.
Despite the fines, the Indiana Fever and New York Liberty conducted a protest on Thursday that involved a refusal to answer basketball-related questions in favor of speaking out on Black Lives Matter. Liberty forward Tina Charles accepted a player-of-the-month award with her team-issued warmup gear turned inside-out.
The WNBA issued a statement commending the players for their “passionate advocacy.”
“We are proud of WNBA players' engagement and passionate advocacy for non-violent solutions to difficult social issues but expect them to comply with the league's uniform guidelines,” WNBA President Lisa Borders said in a statement on Wednesday.
Indiana Fever All-Star Tamika Catchings criticized the league's decision.
“Instead of the league taking a stance with us, where they tell us they appreciate our expressing our concerns like they did for Orlando, we're fighting against each other,” she said.
Others insisted that the black t-shirts in support of Black Lives matter wasn't an anti-cop statement.
“It's not a race issue, not an anti-police issue, not a black or white issue. It's a right or wrong issue,” Indiana Fever player rep Briann January insisted.
The fine came only after the league sent an official letter to the teams reminding them of the uniform rules. The league only acted after many ignored the letter and again indulged their homage to Black Lives Matter.
Despite the punishment, though, player rep January warned that they will likely continue to flaunt the rules to support the race-pushing Black Lives Matter movement.
“I think there's a lot of people in our league who are very passionate about it. As a player rep we are going to continue having these conversations,” January said. “The timing of them releasing the statement and giving us the papers was very timely on their part.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Ceph: Block Storage for the 21st Century
By: Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
Linode Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 11, 2017
Storage used to be so simple. You had a Single Large Expensive Drive (SLED) and you stored all your data on it.
Then, we moved on to redundant arrays of inexpensive disks (RAID), and things got more complex. But, it was still pretty easy. Unless you were using Small Computer System Interface (SCSI). I still get the heebie-jeebies thinking about chaining SCSI drives together.
But, even as hard drives were replaced by solid-state drives (SSD), physical drives couldn't keep up with modern server data needs, never mind those of clouds and containers. This is where Ceph, and software-defined storage (SDS) have stepped in.
Ceph is an open-source SDS system. It's designed to run on commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) hardware. From the user's viewpoint, you're not concerned about the hardware — whether it's cache-enabled hard-drives or RAID SSDs.
There are two ways to create this kind of SDM. One way is with a Distributed File Systems (DFS), which is basically the files and directories you've been using for years. The only real difference between DFS and conventional storage is that instead of storing files on a single drive or array of drives, they're stored across drives on multiple servers.
The other method, which Ceph uses, is in an Object Store, where each piece of data is stored in a flat, non-hierarchical namespace and identified by an arbitrary, unique identifier. File details, its metadata, are stored along with the data itself.
Ceph stores your data on a Ceph Block Device (CBD). This is a virtual drive, which can be attached to bare-metal or virtual machine (VM) Linux-based servers. To manage its storage, Ceph uses the Ceph Reliable Autonomic Distributed Object Store (RADOS), which facilitates block storage capabilities such as snapshots and replication.
Within RADOS, an object is THE unit of storage. In turn, objects are stored in object pools. Each pool has a name (e.g., “foo”) and forms a distinct object namespace. Each pool also defines how the object is stored, designates a replication level (2x, 3x, etc.), and delineates a mapping rule, describing how replicas should be distributed across the storage cluster. (For example, each replica should live in a separate rack.)
Finally, the Ceph storage cluster is comprised of object storage daemons/devices (OSDs). This cluster can store multiple pools and makes Ceph so scalable. You can start with little more storage than you have on your desktop and surge up to petabytes.
While these things are all neat, what makes most people — and anyone who cares about the bottom-line — excited about Ceph is that it makes storage much more affordable.
You can access Ceph storage multiple ways.
If you're just using block storage, you can use the RADOS Gateway, which is an object storage interface built on top of Librados to provide applications with a RESTful gateway to Ceph Storage Clusters. (In general, Ceph Object Storage supports two interfaces. These are Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) and OpenStack Swift Representational State Transfer (REST)-based application programming interfaces (APIs). Ceph also has its own native API.)
Ceph also includes two other access modes. The first of these is as file storage. This uses the Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX)-compliant Ceph file system (CephFS). To users this looks like a DFS. You can even use such old-fashioned storage access means as Network File System (NFS) with CephFS.
You can also mount Ceph as a block device. In this mode, Ceph automatically stripes and replicates the data across the cluster. Ceph's RADOS Block Device (RBD) also integrates with Linux's built-in Kernel Virtual Machines (KVMs). This enables you to deploy Ceph's storage to KVMs running on your Ceph clients.
Setting up Ceph isn't too difficult. You should keep in mind that to use Ceph efficiently you'll need ample system resources. For example, Ceph OSD nodes defaults to a replica factor of three. This means for every 1 Terabyte (TB) of objects, you need 3 TBs of capacity. Ceph also recommends that your OSD data, OSD journal and OS reside on separate disks. In other words, adding in a swap drive, you'll need four physical disks.
Why should you use Ceph? To quote Red Hat, Ceph's owner, “Efficient, agile, and massively scalable, Ceph significantly lowers the cost of storing enterprise information in the cloud and helps you manage exponential data growth, so you can focus on making your data available.”
Ceph is also very flexible. Whether you want to access storage as blocks, files, or objects, its there for you. In today's world where we need quick, reliable access to huge data stores, not to mention Big Data, SDS programs like Ceph are as necessary now as RAID was back in the day.
Gen. Keith Alexander,director of the National Security Agency, speaks at the International Cyber Symposium in June 2013
Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images
The European Parliament is gearing up to launch an investigation into the recently revealed NSA surveillance programs—and lawmakers are drawing up an interesting list of witnesses who they want to invite interviewing about the snooping.
In September, the parliament is set to begin a series of hearings as part of the inquiry, which was established following the exposure of sweeping spy efforts that extend across the world. Now, members of the parliament are putting forward names for individuals they want to call in to answer questions. Among those suggested so far are a series of high-profile figures at the center of the surveillance revelations, including Edward Snowden, the whistle-blower who leaked the secret documents on the spying; NSA chief Gen. Keith Alexander; and Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald, who was passed the documents by Snowden and has published several scoops based on them in recent weeks.
In the United States, the reaction to the surveillance leaks has primarily focused on the vast domestic phone records database, first revealed by the Guardian last month. But in Europe, the outrage has been over the PRISM Internet surveillance program, which reportedly enables the NSA to collect data on foreigners from major U.S. companies including Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Yahoo. Politicians across Europe have also responded furiously to allegations that the U.S. government has been bugging European embassies and missions in apparent violation of a 1961 convention on diplomatic relations. And there has been a particularly strong outcry in Germany over reports that the NSA is collecting metadata on half a billion phone calls and emails across the country every month.
Last week, at a meeting about the scope of its inquiry into the NSA's surveillance, members of the European Parliament's civil liberties committee agreed that they would invite U.S. authorities, surveillance and privacy experts, data protection authorities, and representatives from parliaments in EU members states to participate in a series of at least 12 public hearings scheduled for before the end of the year. On Thursday, German member of the European Parliament Jan Albrecht published a list of individuals he is requesting be invited. Aside from Snowden and Greenwald, it includes a host of top surveillance experts, plus NSA whistle-blowers Thomas Drake and William Binney, who have both in recent years spoken out publicly about the agency's growing spying capabilities. Dutch MEP Sophie In ‘t Veld, vice chair of the civil liberties committee, confirmed in an email Thursday that she intends to invite Gen. Alexander. The inquiry's conclusions will eventually be presented in a report to the parliament and could have implications for data-sharing agreements between Europe and the United States.
Snowden, no doubt, would like the opportunity to appear at one of the hearings. But he remains effectively stranded at a Moscow airport (for now) while he seeks temporary asylum in Russia. He apparently hopes to then move on to one of the Latin American nations that have offered him a safe haven—Venezuela, Bolivia, and Nicaragua. Despite the anger in Europe over the spying Snowden has revealed, governments in the EU have not been rushing to welcome him with open arms. In a bizarre incident earlier this month, France, Spain, Italy, and Portugal allegedly refused to allow Bolivian President Evo Morales' jet to pass through their airspace after suspicions were raised that Snowden was on board. Bolivian officials blamed U.S. pressure for the debacle, describing it as a “hostile act” that had been orchestrated by the State Department.
In a step that cements the impression of a de facto independent Kurdistan, a million barrels of Kurdish oil were delivered to a client in Israel today, despite threats by Baghdad to sue anyone buying it. The US government, fearing another blow to embattled Baghdad, had also worked to prevent anyone from buying the oil.
Reuters broke the story in a scoop, followed a few hours later by a statement on the Kurdish government website. “We are proud of this milestone achievement, which was accomplished despite almost three weeks of intimidation and baseless interferences from Baghdad against the tanker-ship owners and the related international traders and buyers.”
The fate of another million-barrel tanker—the United Leadership, which embarked with Kurdish oil on May 22—remains unclear. But the delivery today in the Israeli port of Ashkelon ends a 10-day drama that began June 10 (Correction: This originally said June 20), when a million barrels of oil were loaded onto a tanker called the United Emblem. In an apparent diversionary tactic, four days later near Malta, the oil was transferred to the SCF Altai, another tanker. All the while, Baghdad treated the oil shipment as an attack on its sovereignty and said it might sue Turkey and file an arbitration request with the United Nations. American officials, meanwhile, warned potential buyers to stay away from it.
That the oil has been sold and delivered confirms the viability of an independent economic lifeline for Kurdistan—a dedicated oil export route through Turkey to the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan. That lifeline offers the potential for political survival.
An independent Kurdistan could be a devastating development for the Iraqi state and a blow to the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement establishing the boundaries of the Middle East. But it would be a triumphant moment for the Kurds themselves, after more than a century seeking nationhood.
In a note to clients prior to the story breaking, Citi's Seth Kleinman said that the Kurds' capture of Kirkuk on June 14, along with the weakened state of Baghdad and the sale of pipeline crude, had suggested “significant strides” toward de facto independence. “In our view, the final obstacle to de jure independence remains the lack of international support for a Kurdish state, particularly from Turkey, upon which such a state's economic viability rests as the sole viable route to market oil.”
Kleinman said that if Baghdad continues to resist settling a long dispute over the sharing of oil revenue, “the option of independence may gain support from the international community, including regional powers, raising the likelihood of its eventuality.”
The Kurds, meanwhile, have looked to build upon their gains by loading two more tankers with oil at Ceyhan—one of them the United Emblem.
is a film directed by Jon Watts (also directing the upcoming Spider-Man reboot ) and stars Kevin Bacon X-Men: First Class ) as a local sheriff in a small Colorado town and the film follows him as he tries to find the two children that unwittingly stole his police vehicle.
Small and simple. Probably the best thing about Cop Car is its concept- it's simple, highly original, and is a premise that has a large amount of room to go pretty much anywhere. The film uses the concept to its absolutely best as the film starts off as a really cute coming-of-age film and then quickly diverts into a really tense thriller. Watts does an excellent job of clearly balancing those two tones and still somehow manages to keep the audience in the total dark as to what is really going on, leaving us interested in finding out why this is all happening.
Coming of age. In an age of cinema where children on screen speak like adults and outwit the ones that are around them, it's a breath of fresh air to see children play actual children. The kids in this film are idiots; as we all were at the age of nine or eight. The film definitely doesn't sugar coat this. We see the two young boys do things that they obviously shouldn't do- but they do it anyways, thinking it's a good idea. The screenplay for the film captures that feeling of being a dumb-ass kid perfectly, and it does so without the children being overly obnoxious or over the top.
Crazy suspenseful. When the film is not in its coming-of-age territory, it jumps right into a suspenseful mystery-thriller instead- and an extremely sharp one at that. The film doesn't spoon feed us the details, giving us just enough info as we go along to not be completely confused during the entire runtime of the film. Why was the cop car sitting in the middle of nowhere in the first place? Should we trust Bacon's character? Is he a good guy or a bad guy? These are all questions you'll ask, and they're all questions that you get answered through smart, subtle reveals instead of your typical, lame flashback sequences.
Climax for the memories. All of this leads up to one of the most intense finales of the year. It's incredibly small scale, but the stakes are really high, as you genuinely want these dumb kids to make it out of this huge mess. You truly care about the characters and that just makes the finale that much more intense, and the ending that much more heartbreaking.
The Internet has made a lot of progress in the last few years. Censorship has been virtually eliminated. Youtube comments are universally insightful. The people owning networks and dropping docs are now only occasionally on the FBI payroll. Published breaches are at an all-time low. Everyone is running IPv6.
In light of all this progress, it is with a heavy heart that we must announce the demise of IPv4 support in all Metasploit products. This decision has been in the offing for several years, but today, in this time of progress, we've finally made the move.
This is what users of our Pro products will see when using outdated addresses:
And the same error when using the Framework:
Despite the obvious advantages of dropping legacy addressing, switching to only IPv6 is not without its difficulties. Some systems still resolve "localhost" as 127.0.0.1, which of course won't work. We offer a simple workaround for Windows (Vista and newer) that I know everyone will find to be an easy replacement: using a brilliant stroke of networking genius from Microsoft, you can replace "localhost" with "0--ffff-7f00-0001.ipv6-literal.net", which at least for me is easier to remember anyway. Antiquated systems like Linux don't have this useful bit of kit, so you'll just have to content yourself with using the real IPv6 address instead.
We're confident that users will appreciate the simplicity of supporting only one addressing scheme, and are excited to help future-proof the world of pen-testing.
Photography: Andrew Boyle
Styling: Sam Bates
HMUA: Laura Dyer
Producer: Justin Moran
Photo Assistant: Samantha Dong
Styling Assistant: Danielle Dorchester
Special Thanks to Milk Studios New York & Boyswear
Troye Sivan will be an unavoidable name in 2016. The 20-year-old Aussie has spent the past few years building up a 3 million-person YouTube following (his 2013 coming out video has 6 million views), which is a platform that's allowed the young talent to realize his dreams of becoming a global pop star. This narrative is a post-Internet phenomenon we've all heard before (see Justin Bieber), though Sivan is well-armed with far more than just fleeting digital hype.
For one, he offers a much-needed gay perspective in an otherwise heteronormative pop landscape—something that's naturally seeped into his songwriting, which largely centers on the plights of teen love and self-discovery. Sivan's debut full-length album Blue Neighbourhood is the manifestation of these stories, wrapped in a web of emotional synth-pop that fuses the dreamy melancholia of Lana Del Rey's Born To Die with the self-aware smartness of Lorde's minimalistic Pure Heroine.
On the album opener, “Wild,” we hear Sivan wrestling with innate human desire—that innocent feeling of subversion after experiencing pleasure and pain in love for the first time. We're dragged through the singer's romantic pitfalls on brutally honest cuts “Fools” and “Talk Me Down.” A gloomy reflection of his Australian roots takes center stage in “Suburbia,” while Sivan happily revels in the magic of being young and uninhibited on the anthemic single, “Youth.” This well-rounded collection reads like something he had to create in order to close one chapter and open another—a walls-down glimpse into his psyche before it becomes cluttered with fame.
We caught up with the rising prince of pop to discuss collaborating with “Catch” crooner Allie X, playing match-maker between Bleachers' Jack Antonoff and Betty Who, and having a meltdown after hearing The Weeknd.
Let's talk about your songwriting process. How do you approach this?
“I approach it really personally. I always want to write as real and honest as I can. I don't approach it thinking, ‘This is is a song I'm going to release to the entire world.' I approach it like I'm writing in a journal. I'm a little bit of a dork, so I like word games with rhyming and phrasing. That's always fun for me, trying to come up with a new, fresh way of saying something to keep the listener interested—to keep it smart. It's essentially a game. You're like, ‘This is what I want to say and I have one line to say it and I need it to rhyme with X. How can I do this in a really cool way?' I write songs with my friends, too, as like an afternoon pastime.”
You co-wrote several songs with Allie X on Blue Neighbourhood. How did that collaboration come about?
“I met Leland, who's another artist, through a mutual friend. He used to date one of my friends and we ended up writing together. We were setting up a writing session and I was a big fan of Allie's music. Leland had written with her before, so he was like, ‘What if I bring Allie to a session?' I was a little nervous and starstruck, but she came and we ended up writing together. It was this little team—Leland, Allie, myself and Bram Inscore—and that was maybe a year and a half, two years ago. Now if you look at the album notes, that writing team wrote like half the album. I'm o obsessed with how fearless [Allie] is, how creative she is, how absolutely batshit crazy she is. She's such a cool person, she's hilarious and she has an absolute killer voice.”
You worked with her on “Youth.”
“In the chorus, you can hear a female vocalist screaming, ‘My Youth.' That's Allie. Basically we went in and wanted to write a pop song. That was the first push and then we started writing about leaving it all, running away and not having any idea of where you're going—not knowing where your life is going, not knowing if this relationship is going to last two days or 10 years. Just taking all those worries and leaving them behind because you can, you're young and you have little responsibility. I have some responsibility, but I don't have like a family to look after. I'm 20, traveling the world and don't have a lot to worry about.”
You also collaborated with fellow Australian Betty Who on “Heaven.” Tell me about this track.
“I wrote that song with Alex Hope, who I write with all the time. We were working with Jack Antonoff [of Bleachers] and really wanted to impress him, so we started whipping out these poetic lyrics. It was growing easily and the melodies were just coming. The verses reminded me of something Coldplay would do. Jack started playing around and found a Grimes sample. It was Grimes' voice and we were like, ‘Oh my gosh that's such a good melody and it's the right key, can we put it in the song?' He was like, ‘Sure I'll ask her later,' so Grimes technically worked on the song. It was essentially Alex, Jack, me, Betty Who and Grimes who ended up writing heaven.”
In the song you sing, “All my time is wasted feeling like my heart's mistaken, so if I'm losing a piece of me, maybe I don't want heaven.” What's the story behind this?
“It was me just writing about all the questions and concerns I ever had in my coming out process when I was 14. I felt it was missing something once the song was recorded and I knew it was a female vocalist. I couldn't think of anyone better than Betty. I felt like a matchmaker because I really wanted her and Jack [Antonoff] to do something together. They went into the studio in New York, where Betty cut the vocal. They sent it back and it was just perfect. It's awesome because I'm a huge fan of Betty and I saw her when she was playing one of her first shows at the Troubadour in LA. It was small and intimate and I was front row singing every lyric. After the show, I was like, ‘I'm a singer and I'm going to write with you one day.' Now she's on the album.”
Being signed to a major label like Universal, were you ever victim to a round table of businessmen dictating the album's creative direction?
“I am really lucky with my team. They completely just left me to my own devices to go and make and write this album. There was push and pull off course, but that's why I have them there. I have them there to help me make all of this come true for me. For example, with the production on ‘Youth,' there was like a million different versions of that song until it got to the point where everyone thought it was right. Now it's one of my favorite songs on the album, even though there was a lot of back and forth on that one. Ultimately, I definitely have a feeling that everyone has completely awesome intentions. I'm lucky because I know it's not like that for everyone. I came into this whole thing with an audience, so I think there was a lot of trust there between the label and myself. I've been talking to my following for years before I got signed, so that set a good tone for the whole relationship.”
What was it like developing your sound on Blue Neighbourhood?
“It was stressful. When I was younger, I was so easily excited by music. I'm so easily swayed to be like, ‘This is the coolest thing I've ever heard' and it makes me want to make music like that. Especially when the album was pretty much done, I was in the car and heard The Weeknd on the radio. I had a meltdown and was like, ‘Oh my God, we have to scrap the album. I need to make music like this. The Weeknd is so sick, I need to do music like him.' I gave it like two days and thought about everything, but I was like, ‘No, my album is one hundred percent me, it's right.'
I made Blue Neighbourhood over the period of a year and a half. Had I made it in three weeks or even two months, like some people do, you would've heard more of what I was listening at that particular time. But since I made it over such a longer period of time, almost all my influences, big and small, came into play. Everyone from Robyn to Lily Allen, these are people who've inspired me at one point. All of those influences peek through in my music and found their way onto the album. It's the most ‘me' album I could've made.”
Journalists all seem to focus on two things: Your YouTube fame and sexuality. Do you feel pressured to abide by this narrative?
“Not really, to be honest. Those people probably picked up on those things because they're two key parts of my life. I've never thought of myself as making that huge of a statement by using male pronouns in my songs. To me, they're not necessarily ‘gay songs,' they're just songs I've been writing about my life. I understand why these things become big topics, but at the same time I do feel like there's more to me than that. People act like that's all there is.”
It's crazy how the media still obsesses over the whole “gay artist” archetype.
“Right? But I think it's important these conversations are had and these topics are talked about. If you think about it, five or 10 years ago, this wouldn't have been a talking point because I wouldn't have been able to do this in the first place. So I feel like I'd rather be in this situation than any other situation. I consider myself really lucky. I'd rather do it and have people talk about it, than not do it at all.”
Do you feel the need to represent the entire gay community?
“No, you're asking for trouble if you want to do that. I can't represent everyone and I never strive to. I just want to do my part and I understand it's a huge battle that we're all fighting that consists of a million stories. One of the most powerful and helpful things I can do is just really, really go for what I want. Because I am gay and if I succeed, I feel like that's one of the coolest messages I can send to my followers. Don't let any of this stuff stop you. Go for it, you can do it—you can make it happen.
I acknowledge how lucky I am and how privileged I am to have had the experiences I've had from a really smooth coming out experience to the fact that I'm a pop singer who gets to travel the world. I'm not trying to speak out for the community and myself, but just trying to give a voice to people who maybe wouldn't' have one otherwise.”
Two unidentified assailants on Monday fired shots at a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Shakha but there were no casualties as the ground was vacant, at new Kidwai Nagar Park, police said. The incident took place today when two motorcycle- borne persons fired shots at the Shakha ahead of the assembly sangh sanyamsevaks, they said. The eyewitnesses said that sound of two gun shots were heard.
Police said that the unidentified miscreants were wearing monkey caps and hence could not be identified. DCP Narinder Bhargva said that the police party rushed to the spot after receiving the information. No one was injured in the firing as assembly of sangh sanyamsewaks was yet to start, the DCP said. It may be recalled that terrorists attacked RSS Shakha at Dresi ground here in May 1991 in which five volunteers were gunned down and 15 others were badly injured.
It's been an apocalyptic year for Linux security, with a sophisticated Trojan and security holes over 20 years old. The Shellshock bug left Linux desktops and servers wide open for anyone to own. Security updates fixed these problems—but you may not even be getting those patches.
Security revelations in 2014 shattered the myth of Linux impenetrability. No, the sky isn't falling, and yes, Linux is still inherently more secure than Windows—but this year proved that Linux lovers still need to pay at least some attention to their system's protection.
Turla's been infecting Linux systems for years
Security researchers have known about a piece of malware called “Turla,” “Snake,” or “Ouroboros” for years. Turla is an extremely sophisticated piece of government-sponsored malware—one that appears Russian in origin. As usual, it was Windows malware.
But, this week, Kaspersky unveiled it had found a Linux version of Turla. This Trojan has been silently infecting Linux systems for years. It's based on an open-source backdoor program called cd00r. Turla listens to network traffic and allows an attacker to run commands on the infected Linux system. Crucially, the Trojan doesn't require root access—it just runs as your standard user account, so all the sudo and privilege restrictions used on the Linux desktop won't hinder it. While it's a network service, it's clever enough to hide itself from the netstat tool so you won't see it listening if you start looking at your network connections. Read Kaspersky's blog post for the gory details.
This is terrifying for a few reasons. It demonstrates that, yes, Trojans can infect Linux systems. And, no, not having access to root won't necessarily stop a piece of malware. All the interesting stuff like online banking happens under your user account, anyway.
Realistically, Turla probably isn't infecting your PC. You're probably not a target. As a government-sponsored piece of malware, Turla is designed to infect targets for purposes of surveillance or corporate espionage, not to steal your credit card number. But there's been a Linux Trojan infecting computers around the world for years now. Yes, Linux Trojans are possible and do exist.
X.org has security issues going back 20+ years
Late last year, we learned there are a huge list of security vulnerabilities in the X.org graphical server and its libraries. Some of these security holes have been around for more than 20 years. The researcher who discovered these holes said X.org security was a disaster, and “it's worse than it looks.”
Wikimedia Commons A historical X11/X Window system.
This week, many of these security vulnerabilities were made public knowledge. Your Linux distribution should be rolling out security updates for your X.org server and proprietary NVIDIA driver shortly, if it hasn't already. But, even after these patches, X.org security still doesn't inspire much confidence.
X.org is such a big problem because it's based on the X11 architecture, which originated 30 years ago. Thankfully, new graphical server technologies like Wayland and Ubuntu's Mir are about to take X.org's place.
Shellshock was terrifying for Linux desktop (and server) users
Remember Shellshock, a bug in the Bash shell used on Linux and other Unix-like systems? The advice from security experts at the time was that it didn't affect desktop users. Windows PCs didn't have Bash. Macs did, but it was only used by advanced users who went looking for it.
Symantec How the Bash shell vulnerability works.
The situation was different on Linux desktops and servers, where Bash is used constantly. Terrifyingly, every DHCP request your computer makes was run through Bash. So, if you visited a compromised public Wi-Fi hotspot on your Linux laptop and connected to it, the DHCP server could give a response that would force your Linux system to run an arbitrary command—possibly downloading some sort of Trojan. Here's an easy proof-of-concept attack.
Security updates quickly neutered the threat for desktop Linux users, but the Shellshock vulnerability was present in Bash for 20 years. Sure, we don't have any indications of widespread attacks against Linux desktop users, but that's not the point. The point is that Linux desktop systems were wide open. When Linux users gloat about how much more secure our systems are than those Windows desktops, we might want to remember how Shellshock affected us.
Are you even getting security patches?
Thanks to the way Linux packaging and software repositories work, you may not even be getting the security patches developers release. Sure, you'll generally get them for your web browser and other important pieces of software that are considered “officially supported,” but what about the other packages the community is responsible for?
A vulnerable version of ownCloud installed from Ubuntu repositories.
There are lessons to be learned from the ownCloud packaging mess in Ubuntu. This piece of server software wasn't getting updates in Ubuntu. The community member who originally packaged it just decided to move on, leaving the ownCloud package orphaned and vulnerable.
And that's just with Ubuntu. Be careful if you're using one of the smaller, niche Linux distributions. The Arch Linux-based “Manjaro” distribution hasn't been receiving timely security updates like it should. This is understandable if you're using a small distribution and the developers are working on it as a hobby, but it's something to watch out for… and a risk to actual users.
Want to stay up to date on Linux, BSD, Chrome OS, and the rest of the World Beyond Windows? Bookmark the World Beyond Windows column page or follow our RSS feed.
Linux system security is a broken, but so is everything else
So your Linux system isn't as secure as you thought it was. Well, that's not really an attack against Linux in particular. All computer security is pretty bad. As Quinn Norton titled her excellent rant on the subject, “Everything is Broken.” Yes, even Linux, and—more importantly—all the software programs you have to put on top of Linux to get a functioning system.
Linux will continue to have nasty security holes, but again: the sky isn't falling. Your Linux system is still far more secure than the average Windows desktop. Attackers are more interested in targeting the larger Windows install base. And Linux does have a great security architecture Windows lacks, too—simply getting most of your programs from a centralized software repository instead of a gaggle of websites helps a lot.
No, you don't need to start running antivirus software on your Linux system, but be aware: You're not perfectly safe on Linux, or any other system.
Like all those Windows and Mac systems out there, your Linux system is full of security holes. We just haven't found them all yet. Be humble when talking about Linux's security or you may find yourself with egg on your face when the next Shellshock bug blows up.
CANTON TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Brian Flemming admits he was morbidly obese, addicted to vodka and extremely depressed. But a stranger, living across the ocean, saved his life.
"By the time I graduated from high school, I was probably around 400 pounds, maybe a little over. Once I got into college, after that it just went up and up," Flemming said.
The Canton Township man said at one point he tipped the scales at 625 pounds and drank a fifth of vodka, mixed with a liter of soda, every night.
"I was consuming about 7,500 calories per day. This was all the junk food. I was eating, plus probably about 2,000 calories of sugar with all the pop and alcohol," he said.
Addicted to fast food, Flemming said he dropped out of college and eventually lost his job.
"I was a bit of a shut in, and I wasn't going anywhere with my life," he said.
He hid in his parents' basement, continuing to eat, watch TV and play video games for several hours a day.
"I could barely make it up a flight of stairs. You know, I had no exercise. I was just going day to day perpetuating that cycle," he said.
But one night, while playing a video game, he met a woman living in London, Jackie Eastham.
"We started playing and started to get to know each other and started chatting, and we got to know each other," Flemming said.
It didn't take long for the two to develop a friendship.
"I told her everything about me and what I was going through. One day, I spilled everything. I told her I was depressed and how big I was and all the problems I had," Flemming said.
Eastham's response?
"Instead of sympathy from her, she got angry with me. She basically yelled at me and said, ‘Why are you throwing your life away?' Flemming said.
Something clicked.
"The next day, I quit drinking cold turkey. I started to eat healthy a few days after that, and I gradually started changing things in my diet," Flemming said.
It worked. Flemming lost more than 390 pounds in roughly a year and a half. Now, he's running 10Ks almost every weekend.
Flemming and Eastham met for the first time in December. They climbed to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
"It was very simple for me that I could just help, that he could help himself, and I could help him through it and it just worked," Eastham said. "I also said if we had lived down the road from each other, we probably wouldn't have a positive effect on each other in this way."
Flemming has started giving motivational speeches at schools and other events around the county. He's also keeping in close communication with Eastham, who has myotonic dystrophy.
The two are working together to raise awareness for the condition. You can visit their Facebook page here.
Flemming is also working to raise money for surgery that will help with the excess skin he has from the massive weight loss. He has a GoFundMe.com page here.
Copyright 2014 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
POSSESSION OF SMALL amounts of illegal drugs for personal use should be treated as a health problem, rather than a criminal issue, according to the Irish Pharmacy Union, which represents over two thousand pharmacists in Ireland.
The latest national drugs strategy is currently being drafted.
Catherine Byrne, the drugs minister, said last month that she believed in “a health-led and person-centred approach to the drug problem”, as she introduced legislation backing a supervised drug injecting centre to the Seanad.
IPU President Daragh Connolly told his organisation's national conference in Croke Park yesterday that addressing the drug problem in Ireland “is a balancing act between preventing illicit use of drugs and associated health problems and ensuring access to treatment for those addicted to drug”.
“The World Health Organisation has acknowledged that people with drug disorders deserve the same level of care as patients with any other health condition,” he said.
Health services need to be able to identify drug use and drug use disorders at an early stage and provide prevention, treatment and harm reduction interventions.
Connolly, a community pharmacist in Dungarvan, Co Waterford, said that, for people who are not yet dependent on drugs, efforts should focus on preventing dependence and reducing the harm associated with drug use.
For people suffering from drug dependence, health systems have to provide access to comprehensive treatment, including psychosocial support, pharmacotherapy and the prevention and management of associated health problems such as HIV, tuberculosis, viral hepatitis, mental health disorders and drug overdose.
The idea of decriminalising drugs – once considered taboo – has been gaining support in recent years.
It was also backed by Aodhán Ó Ríordáin, Byrne's predecessor as drugs minister, who wrote in an op-ed for this website last month that when a Labour Party colleague proposed a motion to legalise cannabis fifteen years ago “he was almost lynched” and said the progress showed “where the drug debate has moved to in Ireland and indeed internationally”.
“It is essential to stress that decriminalisation does not mean legalisation,” Ó Ríordáin wrote.
“It doesn't mean that drugs that are currently illegal would become legal.
It means that those who use them wouldn't automatically be given a criminal charge. We would decriminalise the person, not the drugs.
Back in 2015 an Oireachtas committee set up to look at possible changes to drug laws strongly recommended that the possession of small amounts should be decriminalised.
The committee argued that there were a number of benefits to the decriminalisation including easing the burden on gardaí and the courts system. The targeting of drug dealers would continue and in fact should be escalated, the cross-party panel said.
Pharmacists
The IPU President also welcomed the legislation governing supervised injecting facilities, at the organisation's conference.
The new laws, which would set up a pilot centre staffed by medical professionals, would enhance the dignity and wellbeing of people who inject drugs and reduce the level of drug injection and drug-related litter in public places, Connolly said.
Pharmacists should be at the vanguard of this changing approach.
We already provide opiate substitution using methadone; we provide needle exchange services in areas of need; we provide a crucial point of contact with healthcare for those whose problems have made them outsiders in our society. We want to do more.
Byrne, the drugs minister, confirmed in an answer to a parliamentary question last week that the steering committee tasked with overseeing the new National Drugs Strategy was expected to present its report to her shortly.
“It is envisaged that the new Strategy will be based on a health-led approach to the drug problem and build on progress achieved under previous drug strategies,” she said.
Media playback is not supported on this device Alan Pardew admits 'pressure builds'
Newcastle manager Alan Pardew still believes he has a "long-term" future at the club despite six consecutive defeats and growing unrest among fans.
Magpies supporters vented their anger during a comprehensive 3-0 defeat by Arsenal on Monday.
"I know they're disappointed and angry at the moment that we haven't got a result," said Pardew.
But he added: "I'm looking at the job as a long-term opportunity for myself. That's how you have to focus."
Newcastle nightmares The Magpies have scored only 10 league goals in 2014, the fewest in the division
They have scored one and conceded 17 in their six losses in a row
Newcastle started the year only four points off a Champions League position.
During the first half of the season, they defeated Manchester United at Old Trafford for the first time in the league since 1972 and had also recorded back-to-back wins over Chelsea and Tottenham.
By the halfway stage, they were eighth and had 33 points from 19 games.
But since the departure of influential midfielder Yohan Cabaye to Paris St-Germain at the end of the January transfer window, the Magpies have picked up only nine points from a possible 39.
On Monday, goals from Laurent Koscielny, Mesut Ozil and Olivier Giroud ensured that Newcastle's miserable run continued.
They had failed to score for the fifth time in six matches and have now found the net just 13 times in their last 18 games.
Fans at Emirates Stadium carried banners stating "Pardew out" and chanted "six in a row" in reference to their worst run since 1986-87.
Pardew, who was given an eight-year contract in 2012, said he could understand their feelings.
Form in last six league Premier League matches P W D L F A Pts 18. Norwich 6 1 0 5 4 12 3 19. Aston Villa 6 0 1 5 4 15 1 20. Newcastle 6 0 0 6 1 17 0
"I've got the greatest support in the country but not when you have six defeats next to your name," he said.
"It's not comfortable and it's a pressure that's on us all. It's important if you're leading a group to be strong. The media don't leave you alone and you have to show character."
Pardew, who returned to the touchline on Monday following a seven-game ban, has not given up hope of finishing the season on a high.
He said his team intended to remain in the top 10, where they have been all season, and called on the supporters to get behind the team in Saturday's home game against Cardiff.
Newcastle fans chanted "Pardew out" during Monday's match at the Emirates Stadium
"The only way we can get out of this run is to show more character on Saturday like we did in the second half against Arsenal," he added.
"I know the fans will make the stadium positive for us because the players need that confidence.
"In the first half of the campaign, people might say we excelled to a degree, but I thought we gave good value for money for this football club. But in the second half, we haven't."
Pardew is already targeting potential transfers for the summer to strengthen his squad.
"We're going to work hard in the summer to make sure we have a team that can make this city proud," he said.
Armament Research Services (ARES) is a specialist technical intelligence consultancy, offering expertise and analysis to a range of government and non-government entities in the arms and munitions field. For detailed photos of the guns in this video, don't miss the ARES companion blog post:
http://armamentresearch.com/british-enfield-sa80-part-7-l98a1/
The Army Cadet Force is a British quasi-military organization that acts general as a precursor to military enlistment. With the adoption of the L85A1 as the British service rifle, a manually operated copy was also developed for use by Cadets. Designated the L98A1, this rifle was built without a gas system, and had a specialized charging handle to provide more leveraged extraction than the standard bolt handle.
This L98A1 was phased out of use in 2009, being replaced with the L98A2, which is essentially an L85A2 without fully automatic capability.
http://www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Cool Forgotten Weapons merch! http://shop.bbtv.com/collections/forgotten-weapons
45 years ago today, kids were sitting down for the very first time to watch what would become the most important series in millions of kids' lives. Sesame Street first aired on November 10th, 1969, and it's still going strong today. As we all know.
So let's go back in time, 45 years or so, and recall the very first episode of Sesame Street. The show was brought to us by the letter W and the numbers 2 and 3, and it featured Gordon escorting the young Sally through the street, introducing her to Big Bird, Oscar, Kermit, Bert and Ernie, Bob, Susan, and Mr. Hooper. It's amazing to think of how much from that first episode is still around today (including the number 2). In honor of the big 4-5, we're listing out 45 things to love about that first episode.
1. The weird claymation intro, which has next-to-nothing to do with the show you're about to watch. Is the yellow unicorn anyone's favorite Sesame Street character?
2. “You've never seen a street like Sesame Street. Everything happens here. You're gonna love it.” And with those words, Sally (and, vicariously, us) is introduced to the majesty that is Sesame.
3. 123 Sesame Street. The brownstone may be the most iconic front door in children's television history.
4. Gordon. He's not the same actor as today's Gordon, but Matt Robinson sets up a lot of what the character will continue to be through several incarnations. He's firm but loveable and eternally patient. Who wouldn't want him as your tour guide?
5. Susan makes her debut here, and she's such a peach. Seriously, the embodiment of a peach.
6. Proto-Big Bird. It's hard to call him “Big Bird” since he's so dumb, with that tiny head. It's like he's a totally different guy. But no less amazing to see him for the first time.
7. The basement of 123 Sesame Street. A lot goes on in that brownstone! There are Muppets infesting the basement! But please don't call an exterminator.
8. Ernie makes his first splash in his giant bathtub, which is just overflowing with soap bubbles.
9. Bert is there too, rigid as ever. Especially that unibrow, which seems to be in a permanent state of scowl.
10. Rosie the bathtub, named for which due to the ring of filth.
11. Solomon Grundy, but not the Batman villain. Sadly.
12. Ernie, still naked. Someone get that Muppet some pants!
13. Everybody Wash! Now everybody washes your… everything!
14. The weird dots. They blink and make noise and it's probably educational somehow? Maybe?
15. Song of Three, Jim Henson's collections of short clips that he filmed and animated himself. Plus, it was a good reminder for him to keep in mind how many is 3.
16. Jim Henson's cameo as the juggler. Awesome, Jim made a very special appearance in Sesame Street's first episode. How could you not love that?
17. Brian Henson's cameo. Brian's in there too, being severely disappointed in three peas. But is it too many or not enough??
18. Gordon and Susan's apartment. But mostly for the milk and cookies.
19. Hey Cow, I See You Now. We learn all about how milk is made, which might be unsettling for the yuppie vegan kids of today.
20. Those weird dots are back. Why are they back? Are they asking us to play a game of Connect Four?
21. Orange Oscar, which will forever be at the top of any list of “Fun Facts About Sesame Street”.
22. Oscar being an a-hole. Today, he's a grouch. Back then, he just relentlessly hated every living thing.
23. Sam the Snake, giving at least a little context for the claymation intro at the top of the show.
24. Kids playing follow-the-leader in a junkyard. This is why the Old School DVDs had that disclaimer. Tetanus.
25. Really? The dots? Again??? Enough with the dots already.
26. The Anything Muppets make their debut, and make the kids at home wish they could interchange their facial features.
27. “Consider Yourself”, the song from Oliver, which was cut from the DVD version. But it's still weird that the first season of the show used to cover well-known songs pretty regularly. What did they think they were, The Muppet Show?
28. I hated the dots, but now I'm starting to love them. What's happening to me?
29. Mr. Hooper, giving away his goods for free for the very first time here in episode 1.
30. Mr. Hooper's Store. I would give just about anything to get a birdseed milkshake there.
31. Song of Two, Jim Henson's next number-themed animation. But how many is two???
32. The “two turtles” guy, who manages to say his only line in the creepiest way. It makes me fearful for the safety of those turtles he's keeping underneath the floorboards for… some reason.
33. Two chocolate cream pies. It's such a shame to see a waste of chocolate cream pies. RIP pies.
34. Jazz #2. The classic number animation series started here, with those weird… what are they, spies? Perverts? Peter Falk in Great Muppet Caper?
35. Ernie's love of the number 2, which brings him to tears. I wish I cared about anything as much as Ernie cares about 2.
36. Ernie's love of the letter E. See above.
37. Bob. Who doesn't love Bob? And he's still on the show, that Bob! Good ol' Bob.
38. Bobu teaching origami, because he was big in Japan.
39. DOTS ARE LIFE.
40. Kermit's famous W lecture, which he called famous back then before anyone had actually seen it. But it's famous now, so I guess it still counts.
41. Cookie Monster. Need I say more?
42. Carol Burnett, Sesame Street's official first celebrity… sort of. James Earl Jones appeared in the test pilot, but Burnett was the first to make it onto the actual show. Congrats, Carol!
43. “One of These Things”, which taught us the valuable lesson that a W is not a 2, unless you're filling out your W-2 form.
44. Sally's recap of the day. Remember all that awesome stuff we saw? And now you're close, personal friends with Bert and Ernie! Best day ever!
45. The hippies holding up the Sesame Street sign. What a 1969 kind of way to go out.
And then, as the story goes, there were over 4,000 more episodes in the next 45 years. Here's to 45 more! See you in 2059!
Click here to turn 45 on the ToughPigs forum!
by Joe Hennes – Joe@ToughPigs.com
Contrary to what you might think from this edit, this video does not take place in the mountains of Hokkaido or anywhere else on the island nation of Japan. It takes place about a six hour drive north of Boston, at the infamous Jay Peak.
Related: This Video Will Make You Move to Vermont
Known for its tight chutes and hardwood glades, Jay Peak receives about 400 inches of snow per year. That is about 177 more inches than Squaw Valley last year (sorry Squaw, El Nino is supposed to be crazy, right?) So as the massholes flock to Killington in their Tom Brady jerseys for chalky turns, take the drive a little more North to check out what Jay has to offer.
Actually Jay sucks, don't go there.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Senate panel has voted to give President Barack Obama the authority to use military force against Syria in response to a deadly chemical weapons attack.
The vote Wednesday was 10-7, with one senator voting present. The full Senate is expected to vote on the measure next week.
The resolution would permit Obama to order a limited military mission against Syria, as long as it doesn't exceed 90 days and involves no American troops on the ground for combat operations.
The Democratic chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Sen. Bob Menendez, and the panel's top Republican, Sen. Bob Corker, crafted the resolution.
The vote marked the first time lawmakers have voted to authorize military action since the October 2002 votes giving President George W. Bush the authority to invade Iraq.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Will the press ever learn? Here's Reuters:
Data released before the Tokyo market opened showed that Japan's economy slipped back into recession in the July-September quarter, contracting at a 0.8 percent annualised rate, compared with the median estimate for a 0.2 percent contraction.
Last year I had fun mocking press reports of a 2014 “recession” in Japan, which I believe was the 4th in 6 years. And now another. However the more sophisticated press is finally beginning to catch on. Here's the FT:
Bright and early on Monday morning, expect to hear some gloomy news — that Japan is in recession, for the fourth time in just five years. Doom will be mongered; foes will declare it a fresh blow to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's “three arrows” of economic stimulus. And I will not believe a word of it.
That is not because the cries of recession will be false — even though the unemployment rate is low and falling, the corporate mood is one of cautious optimism and Japan is manifestly not entering a slump. Output is expected to fall by 0.1 per cent in the third quarter after a 0.3 per cent decline the quarter before — and, on the standard definition, two consecutive quarters of contraction equals a recession.
The trouble is this definition of a recession is anachronistic and misleading. It is an idea that no longer means what we think it does — that is, a significant decline in activity. Even worse, the way we use it causes harm, not just in Japan but also in an increasing number of advanced economies. The R-word needs a rethink.
Japan keeps entering “recessions” because its population is falling and so the economy has little potential to grow. The Bank of Japan puts trend growth at 0.5 per cent or less, compared with the US Federal Reserve's estimate of 2 per cent for America.
Top Quality MX Motocross Racing Dirt Bike Off Road Racers Gloves in Blue Color. Compare our MX Motocross Gloves with other top brands!
MX Motocross Gloves Blue Color:
Made of Top Quality Amara Leather, Polyester and 4-Way Fabric
4-way fabric used on back of the gloves
Rubber Knuckle and Finger armor used
Silicone printing is used on tip of two fingers
Amara leather is used on palm of these MX Motocross gloves
Neoprene fabric is used in wrist hook and loop closure
30 Day Money-Back Guarantee (Must have tags & in original condition)
Scout Performance Gear Provides Worldwide Shipping Available Sizes: S, M, L, XL
4 Reasons To Buy From ScoutPerformanceGear
Located in Texas, USA
ScoutPerformancegear.com is a Proudly USA Owned Business
No Drop-Shipping
We only sell products we stock, know and love.
Best Practice Customer Service policy
''We're here to support our customers''
Fast n Free USA Shipping
2-3 day delivery available to selected states in USA
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 9, 2017, 2:14 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 9, 2017, 10:00 PM GMT By Alexander Smith, Phil Helsel and Phil McCausland
The Northeast has gone from short sleeves to snow boots in less than 24 hours as a deadly storm barreled into the region.
More than 3,800 flights were canceled and all public schools in New York City, Boston and Philadelphia were closed Thursday as about 50 million people braced for a nasty nor'easter that could dump a foot of snow or more — the largest so far this season.
The first reported storm-related death occurred in New York City, where 59-year-old doorman Miguel Gonzalez was killed while shoveling snow around 9:30 a.m. ET. Gonzalez fell through a glass window, officials said during a news conference.
According to New York police, the medical examiner is still determining the cause of death, as the man received several cuts to his neck and face because of the fall. He was transported to and pronounced dead at Metropolitan Hospital.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the man had a heart attack.
The Latest on the Northeast Storm
Fifty million people from Maine down through Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., are being affected by a winter storm that dumped as much as four inches of snow per hour.
Snow forecasts for major cities by the end of the day: Boston, 12-18 inches; New York City, 8-12 inches; Philadelphia, 3-5 inches.
A blizzard warning has been issued for southeastern Massachusetts, southeastern Connecticut and eastern and central Long Island, New York, but blizzard conditions should lift for most by 6 p.m. Thursday. Snowfall across the East Coast will cease late Thursday, according to The Weather Channel.
Wind gusts have reached about 40 mph in some areas and will continue into Friday, causing blowing and drifting snow.
More than 4,300 flights have been canceled, with at least 290 more already scrapped for Friday, FlightAware reported. Runways were temporarily closed at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport at 11 a.m., but at least one of them was set to reopen at 2 p.m.
Schools throughout Boston, New York and Philadelphia are closed, as well as some government institutions. Boston public schools will remain closed Friday.
PHOTOS: Monster Snowstorm Barrels up East Coast
The winter whiplash comes just a day after states along the East Coast were enjoying record highs in the 60s and 70s.
"It's going to be a big shock to people, no doubt," said Michael Palmer, lead meteorologist at The Weather Channel. "It's quite unusual to have such a change in the space of one day."
The storm ramped up in the early afternoon, but it began tapering off in the later afternoon to early evening.
Officials, meanwhile, warned of treacherous travel conditions, and one snow plow on Long Island, New York, appeared to have trouble navigating the roads when it crashed into a pole.
Steven Bellone, the Suffolk County executive on Long Island, said 18 car crashes were reported Thursday morning amid whiteout conditions. He declared a state of emergency for his county, which saw more than 6,000 people lose power. Nonessential state employees were ordered to go home by the governor's office.
There's a "tremendous amount of snow falling at a very high rate with wind gusts up to 50 mph," Bellone told reporters. "Those are conditions that are just not possible to be driving in."
Neighboring Nassau County reported 19 accidents, while Connecticut had about 30, officials said.
Meanwhile, Cuomo spent some time on the Sprain Parkway near Hawthorne, New York, and helped stranded drivers, according to a tweet by the governor's chief of staff, Melissa DeRosa.
The storm began rolling down the heavily populated Interstate 95 corridor as snow in the early hours, hitting Boston at around 6 a.m. ET and New York City an hour later. Several institutions were closed out of precaution, including courts in Massachusetts and the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan.
The storm could undergo what meteorologists call "bombogenesis" — or a "weather bomb" — which is when the system's central pressure nosedives by 24 millibars within 24 hours.
This can cause blizzard conditions, sometimes accompanied by lightning, according to The Weather Channel.
Forecasters said heavy snow and high winds were set to slam coastal New York and Massachusetts.
New York City's Central Park saw 9 inches by 1 p.m., while parts of the Boston area got about 3 inches, the National Weather Service said. The storm was winding down in the Philadelphia area by early afternoon, and less than the 6 inches forecasted actually fell, NBC Philadelphia reported.
"We are asking folks to stay off the roads tomorrow and not travel unless absolutely necessary," Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker warned. "The last time we had a storm of this nature, accumulation turned out to be much higher than originally anticipated."
Anticipating widespread impact from the storm, airlines canceled more than 2,700 arrivals and departures Thursday, according to the flight-tracking website FlightAware.
The winter storm is being caused by a southward plunge in the polar jet stream, causing a low-pressure system that's moving northeast, according to The Weather Channel.
A swath of coast from Maine through New York into Philadelphia was under a winter storm warning and much of Long Island and Cape Cod, Massachusetts, were under blizzard warnings.
Pedestrians walk through blowing snow in front of Radio City Music Hall in Midtown Manhattan, New York, on Feb. 9, 2017. Matthew Nighswander / NBC News
"What may happen is people will get on the road and it's not particularly bad and then suddenly it gets to 8 o'clock [a.m.], and I will tell you an inch and a half to 2 inches of snow an hour is hard for people to handle," Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy told reporters Wednesday.
The storm system was expected to be a "quick hit — in and out," according to Michael Palmer, with the snow expected to stop in the afternoon.
The fast flurry couldn't be a further cry from the record highs seen on Wednesday, when New York hit a pleasant 62 degrees, Philadelphia reached 66 and it was a balmy 72 Washington, D.C.
"You're seeing people out there on bicycles today. Don't be fooled," New York City Emergency Management Commissioner Joseph Esposito warned Wednesday.
Earlier Wednesday, icy conditions were suspected in a 55-vehicle pileup in Wakefield, Massachusetts, north of Boston. Eight people were taken to hospitals, but none of the injuries were considered life-threatening, NBC Boston reported.
"When I tapped my brakes, it was just a sheet of ice, and there's nothing I could really do after that. Everybody just started sliding into each other," Nathan St. Onge told the station.
The Curiosity rover is making its final descent to the Martian surface, and all eyes in the Jet Propulsion Laboratory's control room are glued to computer screens.
Except for Rob Manning's. The chief engineer for the rover mission is glancing at his watch, eager for his window of opportunity.
He sneaks out of the control room where the simulation is underway and heads down the street. There, in a cavernous building, an SUV-sized rover sits on a bed of sand.
PHOTOS: Curiosity's date with Mars
Manning reaches for a radio connected to the rover and flips a switch.
Back in the control room, the signal cuts out. The flummoxed engineers sit in silence.
Manning congratulates himself on a job well done.
INTERACTIVE: From liftoff to landing
Regardless of whether the Curiosity rover lands safely on Mars on Sunday night, Manning can say, with a clear conscience, that he did his best to ruin it.
Manning heads a team of hundreds of engineers who design, test and operate the Mars Science Laboratory, as the rover mission is officially known. But for nine days, he becomes his own team's worst enemy.
The cheerful veteran of two previous rover missions devises horrible scenarios for the team to face. He throws solar flares at the rover and pokes holes in its fuel system.
You know Murphy's law, that anything that can go wrong will go wrong? "Well, I'm Murphy," Manning said.
This sabotage has a purpose: to make sure the rover team members can deal with any challenge that space throws at them.
Manning's high jinks "push the team and your capabilities to the limit," said deputy mission manager Brian Portock, one of Manning's victims. "That causes you some stress, and you try and prepare the best you can for that."
Botching a fake landing takes work. Months in advance, Manning pulled about a dozen engineers off their normal duties to help him plan his devious scenarios. To do the job right, he must find ways to outsmart himself. "Being a gremlin allows me to soul-search and look at all the things that I missed," he said.
With the help of his temporary rogues, he hatches another plan: to push the rover off course.
In this scenario, a micro-meteorite the size of a large grain of sand gets past the spacecraft's protective aluminum-and-Mylar blankets and punches a tiny hole in a fuel line. It doesn't put much of a dent in the fuel levels, but in a matter of days the tiny bit of thrust from the leaking hydrazine nudges the spacecraft off its course.
To make the error look believable, team members adjust the pressure in the fake rover's fuel tank and modify the Doppler signal that tells the craft how far it is from Earth. As a bonus, there's a Catch-22: To push the spacecraft back on course, the engineers need to give the spacecraft some gas. But using a broken fuel system could cause more problems.
"That's pretty evil," said victim Jeff Simmonds, who manages the payload of instruments aboard the rover.
Manning's deviousness knows few bounds. He turns some of his victims into spies so he can maximize his mayhem.
"I'm really good at playing dumb," said double agent Tracy Neilson, a fault protection engineer who sent an instant-message to her purported adversaries when it was time to stick a new kink in the system.
Manning also has the power to pull key problem-solvers off the fix-it team and force the remaining engineers to devise their own solutions, said Beth Fabinsky, one of Manning's co-gremlins. Rather than pretending these employees are out sick — Mars team members tend to show up for work even when ill — the story line has them winning the lottery or taking off to Tahiti.
With fake data emanating from the test rover's many instruments, sometimes things don't match up and the simulation goes awry in ways Manning never intended. In those cases, he and his minions issue a card telling engineers to ignore the problem and offering a facetious explanation. One card explains that the lab's radio antennas came under attack by "evil possessed clowns."
The cards ensure the engineers pay attention to the right mistakes. The goal is not to see the team fail, but to teach them how to deal with unforeseen challenges.
It's also a valuable team-building exercise, Manning said: "You need to figure out who the core people are who can solve your problem, listen to them carefully — and then trust them."
Still, for all his good intentions, the chief engineer seems to take an unholy glee in his stint on the dark side.
Shortly after the radio signal cuts out in the control room, the team calls a meeting to figure out what happened. As they gather around a conference table, their eyes turn to Manning, knowing he's to blame.
He pulls out a pair of red sequined devil horns, sticks them onto his head and grins.
amina.khan@latimes.com
M.U.L.E. is a seminal multiplayer video game originally written for the Atari 8-bit family by Ozark Softscape and published in 1983 by Electronic Arts. It was later ported to the Commodore 64, Nintendo Entertainment System, and IBM PCjr[2] Japanese versions also exist for the PC-8801,[3] the Sharp X1,[4] and MSX 2 computers.[5] While it plays like a strategy game, it incorporates aspects that simulate economics.
Gameplay [ edit ]
A Multiple Use Labor Element, the eponymous M.U.L.E.
Set on the fictional planet Irata (which is Atari backwards), the game is an exercise in supply and demand economics involving competition among four players, with computer opponents automatically filling in for any missing players. Players are provided with several different choices for the race of their colonist, providing different advantages and disadvantages that can be paired to their respective strategies. To win, players not only compete against each other to amass the largest amount of wealth, but must also cooperate for the survival of the colony.
Central to the game is the acquisition and use of "M.U.L.E."s (Multiple Use Labor Element) to develop and harvest resources from the player's real estate. Depending on how it is outfitted, a M.U.L.E. can be configured to harvest Energy, Food, Smithore (from which M.U.L.E.s are constructed), and Crystite (a valuable mineral available only at the "Tournament" level). Players must balance supply and demand of these elements, buying what they need, and selling what they don't. Players may also exploit or create shortages by refusing to sell to other players or to the "store," which raises the price of the resource on the following turns. Scheming between players is encouraged by allowing collusion, which initiates a mode allowing a private transaction. Crystite is the one commodity that is not influenced by supply and demand considerations, being deemed to be sold 'off world,' so the strategy with this resource is somewhat different—a player may attempt to maximize production without fear of having too much supply for the demand.
Each resource is required to do certain things on each turn. For instance, if a player is short on Food, there will be less time to take one's turn. Similarly, if a player is short on Energy, some land plots won't produce any output, while a shortage of Smithore will raise the price of M.U.L.E.s in the store and prevent the store from manufacturing new M.U.L.E.s to make use of one's land.
Players must also deal with periodic random events such as run-away M.U.L.E.s, sunspot activity, theft by space pirates and a meteorite,[6] with potentially destructive and beneficial effects. The game features a balancing system for random events that impact only a single player, such that favorable events never happen to the player currently in first place, while unfavorable events never happen to the player in last place.[7] This same "leveling of the playfield" is applied whenever a tie happens in the game (e.g. when two players want to buy a resource at the same price); the player in the losing position automatically wins the tie. The players also can hunt the mountain wampus for a cash reward.
Development [ edit ]
According to Jim Rushing (one of the four original partners in Ozark Softscape), M.U.L.E. was initially called Planet Pioneers during development.[8] It was intended to be similar to Cartels & Cutthroats, with more graphics, better playability, and a focus on multiplayer.[9] The real-time auction element came largely from lead designer Danielle Bunten's Wheeler Dealers. The board game Monopoly was used as a model for the game, for its encouragement of social interaction. From Monopoly came several of the game's elements: the acquisition and development of land as a primary task, and the economy of scale effect wherein grouped plots and multiple plots of the same type would have increased production quantities. It also inspired the different species, as the different tokens in Monopoly. Random events affecting each individual were similar to "Chance" cards.[9] Additional game features, such as claim jumping, loans, crystite depletion, were discarded for adding complexity without enhancing gameplay.
The setting was inspired by Robert A. Heinlein's Time Enough for Love, wherein galactic colonization is in the style of the American Old West: A few pioneers with drive and primitive tools. The M.U.L.E. itself is based on the idea of the genetically modified animal in Heinlein's novel, and given the appearance of a Star Wars Imperial Walker. Another Heinlein novel, The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress, provided the decision to not have any government or external authority. All land was originally sold by auction but this caused a feedback loop in which the wealthiest player had the most land and thus made the most money; thus, the developers created the "land authority" that gives each player a free plot of land each turn.[9]
Ozark Softscape developed the game for the Atari 8-bit first because of its policy of developing for the most advanced computers then porting them to other platforms, removing or altering features such as sprites as necessary. Bunten stated that Ozark did not port the game to the Apple II series because "M.U.L.E. can't be done for an Apple".[10] The PC port of M.U.L.E was developed by K-Byte Software, an affiliate of Electronic Arts, and published by IBM as part of their venture into the home market with the PCjr, but it sold poorly due to being released in 1985 after the latter had been discontinued (although the game did not have any actual PCjr support). No copies existed on the Internet and it was considered "lost" until 2012 when Vince Bray found an original disk which was then archived by Jeff Leyda and Jim Leonard.[citation needed]
Reception [ edit ]
Reception Review score Publication Score CGW [11]
M.U.L.E. only sold 30,000 copies[12] but was widely lauded by players[13][14] and reviewers. Computer Gaming World described it as a "fascinating and very enjoyable game which comes to its very best point with four human players". Minor criticisms included too-weak computer opponents and the lack of a savegame feature.[15] Softline called M.U.L.E. "what computer games should be like. It's a game, and it's a learning experience. It's also stimulating, fun, frustrating, thought provoking, fun, addictive, and fun". The magazine praised it as offering "valuable lessons" on economic topics, noting that "Most of them are learned the hard way", and concluded that "The game feels good" and "virtually flawless" because of the human-computer and human-human competition.[16]
John J. Anderson wrote in Creative Computing, "I should also mention that there is no shooting to be found anywhere in the game. How positively refreshing ... Mule belongs on every Atari software shelf in the world: in every home and every school, near every Atari."[17] InfoWorld stated that M.U.L.E. would have "incredible lasting power, just like the best of the board games", praised its multiplayer option, and stated "I learned more about the economics of the marketplace from M.U.L.E. than I ever did in college".[18] Leo Laporte of Hi-Res also said that he learned more economics from the game than during college. He predicted that M.U.L.E. "may revitalize the [video game] industry. It ought to make them rich anyway", praised its theme as "most captivating musical come-on I've ever heard", and concluded "If you ask me, M.U.L.E. is the perfect game."[19]
Reporting in BYTE that his children loved it, Jerry Pournelle described M.U.L.E. as "a cross between Hammurabi, Diplomacy, and an arcade game, with lots of strategic decisions—provided that you're skillful enough with a joystick to implement what you've decided to do".[20] Another reviewer wrote in the magazine that "it is impossible to adequately describe all the interaction and economically realistic subtleties of M.U.L.E.", concluding that it was "an intriguing way to illustrate some of the triumphs and perils of free enterprise".[21] Orson Scott Card in Compute! in 1983 gave M.U.L.E. and two other EA games, Archon: The Light and the Dark and Worms?, complimentary reviews, writing that "they are original; they do what they set out to do very, very well; they allow the player to take part in the creativity; they do things that only computers can do".[22] The magazine listed the game in May 1988 as one of "Our Favorite Games", stating that it "requires a sense of strategy as well as proficiency at joystick maneuvers".[23]
Steven A. List reviewed M.U.L.E. in Space Gamer No. 70. He commented that "M.U.L.E. is simply a great game, a tour de force in programming and design, good family entertainment, educational and exciting. If you don't have a computer and disk drive, it may be worth the investment just to be able to play this."[24] The Addison-Wesley Book of Atari Software 1984 gave the game an overall A rating, stating that it "combines some of the best features of Monopoly with economic simulation games like [Hammurabi]" while teaching "valuable lessons in economies in a fun way". The book noted that "when several people play, the game becomes involved and interactive".[25] Two of Zzap!64's reviewers stated in 1985 that M.U.L.E. was "an excellent trading game" and "recommended for both novice and skilled", while the third complained that he "found little [excitement] ... nothing to keep me interested".[26]
In 1984 M.U.L.E. was awarded "1984 Best Multi-Player Video Game/Computer Game" at the 5th annual Arkie Awards where judges described it as "a unique blend of boardgame strategy and computer-game pacing" and noted that "since its release, 'M.U.L.E.' has gained an intense cult following".[27]:29 Softline readers named the game the third most-popular Atari program of 1983.[28] With a score of 7.44 out of 10, in 1988 M.U.L.E. was among the first members of the Computer Gaming World Hall of Fame, honoring those games rated highly over time by readers.[29] In 1992 and 1994 surveys of science fiction games the magazine gave the title five of five stars, calling it "An all-time computer classic, this was one of the only games ever devised that was playable and entertaining for four humans. Economics made fun! ... it still holds up well over all these years and, by itself, provides justification for holding onto the 8-bit Atari".[11][30] In 1996, the magazine named M.U.L.E. as #3 on its Best Games of All Time list.[31] It was named #5 of the "Ten Greatest PC Games Ever" by PC World in 2009.[32] M.U.L.E. was listed as the 19th most important video game of all time by 1UP.com.[33] Chris Crawford said of the game that considering the platform the team had to deal with, M.U.L.E. was "the greatest game design ever done."[34]
Legacy [ edit ]
M.U.L.E. was unusual in the ease with which it allowed multiplayer interaction through a single game computer console.[18] Though this failed as a trend-setter at the time, the game is still heralded as the first game to make effective use of the multiplayer game concept.[citation needed]
Although not a bestselling title, M.U.L.E. remains a favorite among retrogaming enthusiasts. Several clones for various computers exist including Subtrade and Traders. The unlicensed clone Subtrade: Return to Irata was developed by Century Interactive and released in 1992.[35] The clone replaced the terrestrial playing field of the original with a new underwater setting and greatly enhanced graphics. Subtrade was released for Amiga and MS-DOS.[36]
Computer Gaming World reported in April 1994 that EA "was working on a videogame version of the game, but the design was terminated because of creative differences between the publisher and the designer".[37] The magazine reported a rumor in May 1994 that "a SEGA Genesis version has been completed, but EA is debating over its release",[30] and reported in August 1994 that Bunten had decided against remaking the game because, she said, EA "wanted me to put in guns and bombs". An editorial asked the company to "give us M.U.L.E. with Smithore and Crystite as its creator intended".[38] Bunten was working on an Internet version M.U.L.E. until her death in 1998. In 2005, a netplay component called Kaillera was integrated into the Atari800WinPlus emulator, enabling the original game to be played over the Internet.[39]
A modern version of the game entitled Space HoRSE was developed in 2004 by Gilligames and distributed by Shrapnel Games.[40] An online remake of the game called Planet M.U.L.E. was released on December 6, 2009. The game is free for download and runs on all major platforms.[41] Comma 8 Studios later acquired the mobile M.U.L.E. license and released a new mobile game called M.U.L.E. Returns for iOS in November 2013.[42]
Many game designers cite the game as one of the most revolutionary ever and an inspiration for many of their games. Super Mario Bros. creator Shigeru Miyamoto cited M.U.L.E. as an influence on the Pikmin series.[43] Will Wright dedicated his game The Sims to the memory of Bunten. The M.U.L.E. theme song was included in Wright's later game, Spore, as an Easter egg in the space level. The song, by Roy Glover, has been covered by remix groups.
An ability in Starcraft II allows Terran players to "call down" multiple robotic workers called M.U.L.E.s. A similar ability exists in Offworld Trading Company, by Mohawk Games.
A board game adaptation titled 'M.U.L.E. The Board Game' was released in 2015.[44]
World records [ edit ]
According to Twin Galaxies, the following records are recognized:
Nintendo Entertainment System - Jason P. Kelly - 68,273
Commodore 64 - John J. Sato - 57,879[45]
See also [ edit ]
Legged Squad Support System - A real-life robotic pack animal developed in 2009
Arsenal's Olivier Giroud says he almost joined Everton over the summer
Olivier Giroud almost left Arsenal for Everton over the summer, the player has revealed
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud has confirmed he almost joined Everton over the summer.
The France international was heavily linked with Ronald Koeman's side over the summer, along with West Ham and Marseille.
2:51 Arsenal 2-0 Brighton Arsenal 2-0 Brighton
But Giroud, who has scored twice in 11 appearances for the Gunners this season, insists he made the right decision by opting to remain at the Emirates.
"I had the opportunity to leave [Arsenal]," he told French TV station Canal Plus.
"I was very close to another English club, Everton. But I think I made the best choice."
Giroud joined Arsenal from Montpellier for £13m in June 2012 and has scored 100 goals in 238 games for the Gunners.
Everton and Arsenal face each other in the Premier League on October 22. Coverage begins on Sky Sports Premier League at 12:30pm and Sky Sports Main Event at 12:45pm.
Australian fighters led record air strike on IS bomb hub: ADF
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Air Force drops record 10 bombs on IS factory in Iraq (ABC News)
Australian fighter jets have dropped a record 10 bombs on an Islamic State (IS) bomb factory deep inside Iraq.
Key points: Air strike carried out on March 5 in Anbar Province, Iraq
Strike involved the largest number of bombs dropped in a single mission
ADF confirms details of past efforts in Raqqa, Mosul
The attack in Anbar Province on March 5 involved the largest number of bombs dropped in a single mission since Australian forces entered the conflict.
Defence said four Australian classic hornets led an 18-strong Coalition aircraft strike, using bombs weighing 2,000 pounds each.
Vision of a similar Australian-led air attack in Raqqa on January 17 was the first the Australian Defence Force (ADF) had released of its airstrikes in Syria.
Defence's Joint Chief of Operations, David Johnston, said the January attack was against an IS cave and tunnel complex.
"It was estimated that the destruction of the complex has effectively destroyed a significant percentage of Daesh (IS) weaponry and ammunition stored for use in that area," he said.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Defence Force releases footage of airstrikes in Syria (ABC News)
The director-general of air operations, Joe Iervasi, said the ADF did not have an accurate assessment of how many people were in the cave at the time of the attack, but did not believe any of them were civilians.
"It was solely Daesh patterns of life going to and from this complex and so there was a matter of a number of weeks of dedicated surveillance to develop this as a viable target," he said.
"And to confirm there were no civilian patterns of life in the area."
Vice Admiral Johnston confirmed Australian aircraft had been involved in efforts to retake the city of Mosul, IS's main hub in Iraq.
"Part of the campaign involves the removal of some of the ground transport networks into Mosul, we have been part of the strikes associated with that," he said.
"It will be a very difficult mission."
Vice Admiral Johsnton estimated there were currently 25,000 IS fighters in Iraq and Syria, down from 30,000.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, defence-and-national-security, defence-forces, iraq, australia
First posted
People will argue that you can't make a video go viral, it just happens when you put great content out there. Not true. Content is important, but it's only part of the equation. Marketing is the other, and there are some very specific things you can do to market your video to greatly increase the chances that it will go viral. In this article, we'll tell you how. But first, let's make sure you've got the video right.
Part #1 – Make Sure You've Got A Video Worth Sharing
Even with brilliant marketing, content is still king so here are some general guidelines that can help you determine whether you've got the video itself right.
Keep it short and sweet: In terms of length, if your video is more than 1.5 minutes long, it's time to start editing.
Funny & shocking sells: Watch your video and ask yourself whether you would share it. In order for a video to go viral, it has to evoke a psychological need to share, either because it's so funny, shocking, emotionally powerful or entertaining that people won't be able to resist passing it on. Be honest with yourself, would you really share your video? If so, you're golden!
Here's one that is short, powerful and effective: Stand Up 2 Cancer: Change the Odds.
Of course, you don't need to have something this professional. If you don't have a big budget, it's perfectly okay to create something a little more amateur. The Pink Glove Dance, which was made using a home camera, is arguably the most viral nonprofit video ever with over 12 million views. People just thought it was so entertaining and it touched them emotionally, giving them hope, that they just couldn't resist passing it on. If you need help creating a video on a small budget, try using Animoto or Go!Animate. Both are free!
Part #2 – Share Your Video and Watch it Go Viral
Now that you have an amazing video, the next step is to share it and watch it go viral. Sounds pretty easy, right? Well, it is.
a) Post the video – The first step is to post the video to your website and allow people to share it from there on social media sites. You also want to post your video on video sharing sites. Most people just think of YouTube when they think video-sharing, but there are so many and the more places you share it, the better. Here are some of the more popular video sharing sites:
Tip #1
Make a series of very short videos and tag them with the same unique keywords so that when someone watches one of your videos,the only other videos that will appear in “related videos” are the other videos in your series.
When posting your video, make sure to tag the video appropriately, using keywords that you know people would be searching for. For example, the keywords used in the “Stand Up 2 Cancer” video were the names of the celebrities participating in the video. It's also important to choose a compelling screen shot and title for your video; something that will catch the eye of someone surfing the Internet.
b) Tell Everyone About it – Now that your video is posted, it's time to tell people about it. Ideally, you want to share it with as many people as possible, as fast as possible so that you can make it to the daily most viewed page on video-sharing sites.
For this reason, it's very important to have a strategy in place before you get started. Have the list of social media sites, forums and people you want to send it to, including friends, email lists, bloggers, etc.
Once you have the strategy in place, move quickly to share the video since since each video has a shelf life of about 48 hours before it is moved from the daily most viewed list.
Tip #2
Make sure to enable embedding if you want bloggers to be able to share your video on their site.
Also, when sending the video to people, make sure to be clear about who you are, why you made the video and, most importantly, don't forget to ask them to share it!
c) Watch it go Viral – Now this is the exciting part. You get to sit back and watch the number of views grow. You may also want to monitor the comments and add some yourself to get the conversation started.
4,3,2
HDP vows to stop Erdoğan becoming Turkey's ‘chief commander'
ANKARA
DHA photo
Turkey's shelling of Syrian Kurdish positions inside Syria is linked to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's drive to shift to a presidential system, Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) Co-Chair Figen Yüksekdağ has claimed.“This is not Turkey's war of independence. This is the Palace's war for supremacy,” Yüksekdağ said, referring to President Erdoğan.“There is uninterrupted artillery fire against PYD [Democratic Union Party] positions in Syria,” she said at her Kurdish-problem focused HDP's parliamentary group meeting on Feb. 16, disputing military statements that Turkish artillery has “returned fire” into Syria “in retaliation” for a fourth straight day.“The government has such enmity against Kurds. It accepts being a neighbor with [the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant] ISIL and al-Nusra, but it cannot accept being a neighbor with Kurds,” Yüksekdağ said, adding that Turkey said it has operated “rules of engagement” against the PYD even though the latter has not launched any attacks against Turkey.“Was it the PYD or was it al-Nusra that cut the throat of a Turkish soldier at a border outpost? You should first answer this,” the HDP co-chair also said, referring to the killing of a soldier on Feb. 14 at the Görentaş border post in Hatay's Yayladağı district. The Turkish military said the soldier was killed in a knife attack after security forces intervened against a group of human smugglers trying to infiltrate into Turkish territory from Syria.“They are opening the door to a very big war and chaos in the region. If a big war emerges, it will be easier for him [Erdoğan] to become an executive president by becoming chief commander through a declaration of mobilization and martial law. As he could not become president through the democratic will of people, he wants to become president through war. He is chasing his ambition of becoming president by becoming the chief commander,” Yüksekdağ claimed.The HDP's other co-leader, Selahattin Demirtaş, and has long traded harsh verbal accusations with Erdoğan, against whom he ran in the presidential election of August 2014. Particularly in the run-up to the June 7 parliamentary election, the rhetoric on both sides heated up. The first apparent tipping point in the harsh exchange of words between the two was an extremely short speech delivered by Demirtaş during a parliamentary group meeting of his party in March 2015 when he said, “As long as the HDP exists, we will not make you [Erdoğan] president. We will not make you president. We will not make you president.”Yüksekdağ also stated that security operations against militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) are continuing in the town of Cizre in Şırnak province, contradicting Interior Minister Efkan Ala's earlier statements that security forces had completed their operations against militants in Cizre after weeks of fighting.“In total, 258 of our brothers and sisters, our citizens in Cizre, were massacred … In the cellar of savagery, 145 people were slaughtered,” she added, referring to the cellar of a largely ruined building in Cizre, in which the HDP said dozens of wounded civilians were trapped without medical assistance.Police raided the local HDP-held Cizre Municipality and prevented it from offering assistance to locals, Yüksekdağ also said, showing photographs of the devastated Cizre.“The results of the operation which they said ‘We finished successfully' is a city in ruins. What we have been confronting is a mindset so corrupted that it exposes the dead body of a woman after stripping her naked,” she added.Last week, the Şırnak Governor's Office released a statement related to photos showing a naked dead woman lying on the ground, allegedly taken in Cizre. The governor's office said the photos, which had circulated on social media, had no relation to Cizre and were aimed at “defaming the security forces.”
The dark humor of the funny clown turned bad has been a good source for horror movies in the last three decades. Clown Horror is possibly the biggest factor in the development of a rather new phobia, a “fear of clowns”, one that did not get any attention from psychiatrist until the 80s.
So all those of you who have coulrophobia, a known disorder caused by Clown Horror movies watched when you were young *honk honk* – here's the right Top 10 for you:
10. The Clown at Midnight (1999)
Seven teenagers are stalked by a murderous clown while refurbishing an old opera house.
IMDb
9. Killjoy (2000)
Don't expect this one to scare you and don't take it as anything other than pure horror fun or you might get disappointed. The interesting thing about it is the “badass mo-fo from the hood” thing, combined with a classic clown horror theme. This movie is talking about not clowning around, but actually, that's exactly what it does.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWWDQssajJs
IMDb
8. Out of the Dark (1989)
Beautiful young women who work at the offices of a phone-sex company are being stalked by a psychotic killer dressed in an eerily comical mask.
IMDb
7. 100 Tears (2007)
Two journalists are on the trail of a demented serial killer who may be much closer than they think.
A cheap slasher by all means, this top 10 had to feature at least one of these.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC5byZpgjwM
IMDb
6. Drive Thru (2007)
Horny The Clown, the demonic mascot of “Hella-Burger” is slashing Orange County teenagers with his meat cleaver from Hell.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc694Vp3zpw
IMDb
5. Terror On Tour (1980)
A rock band called “The Clowns” comes under suspicion of murder when several prostitutes are killed by individuals made up like members of the band.
IMDb
4. We All Scream For Ice-Cream (2007)
An episode from the Masters of Horror TV Series, featuring William Forsythe. Although it's not a full length movie, since it's almost 60 minutes long it fits in very well with the rest of the list.
Wikipedia
3. Clownhouse (1989)
Just before Halloween, three young brothers alone in a big house are menaced by three escaped mental patients who have murdered some traveling circus clowns and taken their identities.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6-c6eoZ0Wc
IMDb
2. Killer Clowns From Outer Space (1988)
When a small town is invaded by aliens from outer space who are capturing and killing the townspeople, no one takes them seriously. Why? The aliens all look like circus clowns, use weapons that look clown like, and all have painted on smiles.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J890Tx1z_AA
IMDb
1. Stephen King's It (1990)
It looks like the late 80s were really the Clown Horror years, because the top 3 is completed with another flick from that time. A child that grows up without knowing who Pennywise the Clown is, well he might be less afraid of clowns, but he sure won't have as much fun as the others.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBe1v-qtOnQ
IMDb
Featured photo from clownpictures
Georgia challenger for Senate Jim Martin and Georgia Senator Saxby Chambliss. | Composite image by POLITICO Five things to watch in Georgia's runoff
The prospect of a 60-seat, filibuster-resistant Senate majority rests on the outcome of Tuesday's runoff between Georgia Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss and Democratic challenger Jim Martin.
With Democrats holding at 58 seats and just two Senate races still to be decided, if Chambliss manages to win a second term, the too-close-to-call Minnesota Senate contest between GOP Sen. Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken suddenly loses much of its national relevance.
Story Continued Below
Here are five things to watch in Georgia's Senate runoff.
Turnout
Forget about the issues. Only one thing matters in this runoff — turning out voters. The party that does a better job of mobilizing its base will capture this seat.
Turnout is expected to be considerably lighter than a month ago, when John McCain carried Georgia by a surprisingly narrow 52 percent to 47 percent over Barack Obama. Obama's solid performance was powered by a record African-American turnout, with black voters accounting for over 30 percent of the votes cast — about five percentage points higher than in the 2004 presidential campaign.
Democrat Jim Martin will need a comparably high African-American turnout to have a shot at winning, but there are signs he may fall short.
Through Monday, African-Americans made up only 22.5 percent of the 492,000 voters who cast early ballots — a far lower share than either the 35 percent who cast early ballots for the Nov. 4 election or who voted on Election Day.
If black turnout is in the low 20 percent range, there's almost no way Martin can win.
DeKalb County
Home to one of the most affluent African-American suburban communities in the nation, majority-black DeKalb County is the most heavily Democratic large county in Georgia — it delivered more votes to John Kerry in 2004 than any other in the state, including Atlanta's Fulton County.
This year, Obama won more total votes in Fulton County, but he won a greater percentage in neighboring DeKalb. By winning a staggering 79 percent of the DeKalb vote, Obama took a 189,000-vote margin out of the county.
Likewise, Martin crushed Chambliss in DeKalb County, 76 percent to 21 percent, to win by a 168,000-vote margin.
So if Martin pulls off a win in the runoff, chances are it will be anchored in DeKalb County.
"DeKalb is key — if [Democrats] turned African-Americans out there, it points to a larger, good strategy,” said Nick Ayers, the executive director of the Republican Governors Association and a former campaign manager for Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue. “If they fail to do so, there is nowhere else they can make it up, period."
The GOP's suburban and exurban firewall
Republicans don't have any single stronghold comparable in size to DeKalb County. But they do have a suburban and exurban firewall in the metro Atlanta area that begins with populous Gwinnett and Cobb counties.
In his 2002 win, Chambliss won both with 60 percent of the vote or more. But this year, his performance in these counties dropped to 53 percent. Some of that was due to the strength of the Obama field effort, and some of it can be attributed to demographic changes in Cobb and Gwinnett. Either way, Chambliss needs to amp up his ground game in both places if he hopes to win.
What the polls say
On Election Day, Chambliss won 49.8 percent of the vote to Martin's 46.8 percent, not far off the RealClearPolitics polling average for the race.
Since then, the GOP senator has led in every poll taken during the runoff campaign, and Martin hasn't broken 47 percent in any of them. Still, there is a great deal of uncertainty in the polling since even pollsters admit the difficulty of projecting black turnout.
Obama vs. Palin
The runoff post-mortems will invariably mention the roles played by President-elect Obama and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin.
While Obama chose not to campaign for the Democratic challenger, he cut a one-minute radio ad for Martin, and more than 100 Obama field organizers assisted with get-out-the-vote efforts. Martin, meanwhile, has done everything possible to connect himself to the president-elect.
As a result, a Martin victory will almost certainly burnish Obama's reputation, despite the fact that Obama chose not to expend much political capital, and a loss will be hard to pin on the president-elect since he avoided any direct, high-profile involvement.
Palin, the unsuccessful GOP vice presidential nominee, also stands to gain, no matter the outcome.
By making a handful of well-attended appearances with Chambliss on the eve of the runoff, she reminded other aspiring Republican politicians of her ability to excite the base — which could make her a hot property during the 2010 election cycle. She also managed to collect a few political chits that could prove helpful in 2012, and once again proved her status as cable television news catnip, as evidenced by extensive coverage of her Georgia visit.
This article tagged under: 2010
Politics
Silencing is a new illusion that shows it's hard to notice when moving objects change.
Read the paper or watch the movies:
.mp4, .webm, .ogv, vimeo, youtube
Instructions: Play the movie while looking at the small white speck in the center of the ring. At first, the ring is motionless and it's easy to tell that the dots are changing color. When the ring begins to rotate, the dots suddenly appear to stop changing. But in reality they are changing the entire time. Take a look.
The same is true of changes in brightness, size, and shape:
.mp4, .webm, .ogv, vimeo, youtube
.mp4, .webm, .ogv, vimeo, youtube
.mp4, .webm, .ogv, vimeo, youtube
“SILENCING demonstrates the tight coupling of motion and object appearance. Simply by changing the retinotopic coordinates—moving the object or the eyes—it is possible to silence awareness of visual change, causing objects that had once been obviously dynamic to suddenly appear static.”
These demos were created by Jordan Suchow (suchow@fas.harvard.edu) and George Alvarez, and first appeared in a paper in Current Biology. If you have trouble viewing them, first read these technical notes, then contact Jordan.
Sarandon is an ambassador for UNICEF.
Susan is on the board of advisors for the Yéle Haiti Foundation, and has served on the Advisory Committee for FilmAid International. She also has served on the Amazon Conservation Team (ACT) Board of Directors and is now on their Advisory Board. She has been to the Brazilian Amazon with ACT and has been a regular donor to the organization for over 15 years. Susan has also narrated two award-winning films for ACT.
Sarandon was Action Against Hunger's award recipient at the “Restaurants Against Hunger Campaign” gala in 2006, in honor of World Food Day.
The Children's Aid Society presented its first “Dreamspiration Award” to Susan Sarandon at its 15th annual Blue Jean Ball in 2007.
In an interview with The Independent, she commented on her activism:
A network of individuals, independent and alternative media activists and organisations, offering grassroots, non-corporate, non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues.
Banners for Anarchist Prisoner Emma Sheppard and Others Two banners were hung from a bridge over the M32 motorway into central Bristol during the morning rush hour on Thursday April 30th.
One banner read:
'Happy Birthday to Anarchist Prisoner Emma Sheppard! - Down with all cages!'
We know what a boot looks like,
When seen from underneath,
We know the philosophy of boots...
Soon we will invade like weeds,
Everywhere but slowly;
The captive plants will rebel
With us, fences will topple,
Brick walls will ripple and fall
There will be no more boots
Meanwhile we eat dirt
and sleep; we are waiting
under your feet.
When we say attack
You will hear nothing
At first
- Margaret Atwood "Song of the Worms"
The other banner:
'Capital is 'Green' as Nuclear is 'Safe' - Against Industrial Society - Hands Off Billy, Silvia, and Costas.'
In reference to 3 anarchist ecologists who the Italian state want to re-try over an unsuccessful action in Switzerland, and the capitalist marketing ploy of Bristol as the European Green Capital.
Recently word has reached us of international police collaboration in the UK targeting action or publication groups allegedly connected to a thwarted plan to liberate guerrillas from dungeons in Greece. Solidarity to the underground who, from Scotland to Bristol to London, head out with hackles raised and spray-paint, rocks or slingshots in their pockets and blazing hearts never extinguished. A wink of complicity for those that defiantly acted for freedom and who got away.
State repression is a hurdle for any liberation tendency. Here in England anarchists, outlaws, and would be fighters with the Kurdish resistance to ISIS (see the case of Shilan Ozcelik) can all attest to that. We call attention to the common thirst for freedom in all these cases. May struggle to continue in every form that is necessary. Regardless of the outcome of the election pantomime we are ungovernable.
- Anarchists in Solidarity
Our greetings go out to Em, who just turned 34 behind bars after laying traps for police cars.One banner read:'Happy Birthday to Anarchist Prisoner Emma Sheppard! - Down with all cages!'We know what a boot looks like,When seen from underneath,We know the philosophy of boots...Soon we will invade like weeds,Everywhere but slowly;The captive plants will rebelWith us, fences will topple,Brick walls will ripple and fallThere will be no more bootsMeanwhile we eat dirtand sleep; we are waitingunder your feet.When we say attackYou will hear nothingAt first- Margaret Atwood "Song of the Worms"The other banner:'Capital is 'Green' as Nuclear is 'Safe' - Against Industrial Society - Hands Off Billy, Silvia, and Costas.'In reference to 3 anarchist ecologists who the Italian state want to re-try over an unsuccessful action in Switzerland, and the capitalist marketing ploy of Bristol as the European Green Capital.Recently word has reached us of international police collaboration in the UK targeting action or publication groups allegedly connected to a thwarted plan to liberate guerrillas from dungeons in Greece. Solidarity to the underground who, from Scotland to Bristol to London, head out with hackles raised and spray-paint, rocks or slingshots in their pockets and blazing hearts never extinguished. A wink of complicity for those that defiantly acted for freedom and who got away.State repression is a hurdle for any liberation tendency. Here in England anarchists, outlaws, and would be fighters with the Kurdish resistance to ISIS (see the case of Shilan Ozcelik) can all attest to that. We call attention to the common thirst for freedom in all these cases. May struggle to continue in every form that is necessary. Regardless of the outcome of the election pantomime we are ungovernable.- Anarchists in Solidarity anarchists in solidarity
Thousands of garment factory workers in Bengaluru blocked traffic and set vehicles on fire on Tuesday to protest against changes in provident fund rules that are perceived to puncture the only social safety net for Indians.
Police fired warning shots after the protesters threw stones at the Hebbagodi police station and lathicharged the workers, mostly women, in clashes that damaged property worth crores and injured hundreds.
The violence came on a day Union labour minister Bandaru Dattatreya announced that the government put off for three more months the move to bar withdrawal of employer's contribution to the provident fund corpus until they turn 58. The announcement came amid protests by labour unions in several parts of the country.
India's information technology capital has been tense since Monday when garment workers went on a snap strike and blocked several highways. According to trade union leaders, the police started using force to evict the agitators from the highway. This triggered a violent response from them, Meenakshi Sundaram, a trade union leaders told reporters.
Read: Restrictions on EPF delayed, to come into effect on August 1
State home minister G Parameshwara, however, claimed the police showed “remarkable restraint”.
He urged the protesters to return to work and said, “The police should not be provoked. We don't know who is leading this agitation. The leaders should come forward and participate in talks with us.”
“The agitators should know that the state government has nothing to do with this change in PF rules,” he said.
Police said they had to resort to lathicharge and fire teargas shells to disperse the violent protesters in Bengaluru. There are over 12 lakh garment factory workers in the city.
At least two Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation buses and one of Bengaluru Metropolitan Transport Corporation were torched, a police officer said. Incidents of vehicles being attacked were reported from other parts of the city.
Traffic jams were reported at various entry and exit points to the city. City police commissioner NS Megharikh said the situation was under control, but there “are some issues” on the city's outskirts.
“...we are at work, our officers are at the spot, reinforcement has already gone there. The situation is being brought under control,” he said.
Police said other workers, too, have joined garment workers in the protest against the change in PF rules.
People have also launched online campaign against the decision, which was to be implemented from February 10 but was later put on hold till April 30.
Around 15,000 women garment workers had on Monday staged a massive demonstration on the outskirts of Bengaluru, protesting the change in the Provident Fund Act.
First Published: Apr 19, 2016 16:41 IST
Blackmoon. Monthly Digest. November 2017
Blackmoon Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 15, 2017
2018 is close approaching and the Blackmoon project is heading full steam ahead on track with the roadmap. Like everyone in our community we are excited about all upcoming milestones and as a team continue to actively prepare for probably the most exciting and challenging phase of the project : the launch of the first funds. This was a very busy month full of coding, architecturing, design, business development, lengthy emails, hours of teleconference calls and overnight flights. But we know that every step we take makes us closer to our goal.
Below is the summary of the developments since our last newsletter.
Allen & Overy LLP agreement
A & O Headquarters in London
In order to ensure legal compliance, we signed Allen & Overy LLP (A&O) a few weeks ago. A member of the UK's Magic Circle of leading law firms, Allen & Overy is widely considered to be one of the world's most elite law firms, advising national and multinational corporations, financial institutions, and governments.
This agreement comes after careful consideration between our CEO, Oleg Seydak, and A&O's Partner from London (UK) office, Simon Toms. The plan is now to work together and continue building a solid legal platform which will serve as a backbone for all future funds which will operate on the Blackmoon Crypto Platform.
A&O first assignment is identification of the appropriate jurisdiction for the incorporation of the tokenized funds and corresponding corporate structure.
Bermuda, Gibraltar, Cayman Islands, Jersey ,UAE and The Isle of Man made it to the shortlist of target jurisdictions. A&O committed to deliver fully incorporated investment structure in the 1Q 2018 in line with Blackmoon Crypto roadmap.
We are proud to cooperate with such a notable company, since the legal compliance of tokenized investment vehicles is one of the pillars of our business model.
Meetings with the Asset Managers
While in London, Blackmoon founders Oleg Seydak and Ilya Perekopsky accompanied by our advisors Nicolas Tranter and John Hyman had another set of meetings with the asset managers. During these advanced negotiations, our executive team was discussing the details of the potential cooperation.
As the result of these meetings, we expect to sign several MoU's (Memorandum of Understanding) with established asset managers. Stay tuned for the updates to follow.
Other meetings in London
As during the previous trip the executive team had a very productive advisory board meeting to fine tune the onboarding strategy. Also Blackmoon Crypto had several meetings with other top tier legal companies in London which expertise in working with crypto currencies. Because, when building a financial product, no matter how you look at it, you can never have too much of legal advice.
During all these meeting Oleg and Ilya were accompanied by our recent hire Moshe Joshua, who joined Blackmoon Crypto as a Chief Product Officer.
Blackmoon Team Core Member: We are growing stronger
Our core team is growing and this month we are glad to present to you our new Chief Product Officer, Moshe Joshua. We are excited to see him join our team, and with no time to waste Moshe has started to integrate into our project and vision.
Moshe Joshua, Chief Product Officer Blackmoon Crypto
Moshe Joshua has been providing innovative software solutions and tools for a host of novel and unconventional companies for over 20 years. Moshe is a recognized leader in the many industries he works with creating the de-facto standards for many of those areas. Overall Moshe Joshua has a strong background developing derivative market management systems for a number of banks and systems.
At Blackmoon, Moshe's unique background and skill-sets in blockchain systems, coupled together with a history as a Wall Street operator, supports a strategy, focus and vision to bridge the crypto universe and the traditional investment market and create a seamless way to tokenize real world investment funds within a unified tool that brings the advantages of both the fiat and crypto worlds to investors.
Responsible for all technology architecture, design and development and entire project lifecycles, he's consulted for many companies in the financial arena including new ventures, hedge-funds, large international banks, and specialized niche trading firms. Moshe has developed high frequency arbitrage systems to trade cross-border securities markets in the US, Brazil, India, Dubai, Singapore and Europe.
It is important to mention that Moshe has recently been active developing crypto wallet systems, crypto market making bots, and was the lead contributor to Ripple's FX market making product line.
Linkedin Profile: Moshe Joshua
Development
On the IT development side we are keeping the pace with the business development efforts. Smart Contracts for the fund development are well on track. Our IT Team has been actively developing both general and technical design, preparing final drafts of smart-contracts. KYC seems to be one of the most important parts of it. We chose to make KYC integration inside a Smart Contract and work hard on the necessary specifications.
We emphasise the user experience and the friendliness of the interfaces. Therefore the development of the interfaces for the fund token holders, fund tokenization and continuous contributors is carried out in a close collaboration between Oleg (CEO), Sergey (COO), Ilya (CTO) and Moshe (CPO). UI and UX development is scheduled to be finalized by the the end of November. In line with the roadmap we plan to introduce the first version of the product in the beginning of the 1Q2018.
In a parallel fashion we are finalizing the brand new Blackmoon Crypto website.The UX/UI has been tested and approved, as mentioned earlier, on the main page there will be a section reserved for a twitter like news feed. The website is now in staging production and expected launch is November 27th. Here is a teaser on the new design:
Blackmoon new website design teaser
BMC price dynamics and BuyBack results
Exchange rate at 2017–11–15
Since our last report on October 12, 2017, one can single out several periods in the BMC price dynamics. During the first period between twelfth and twenty fifth of October the BMC price fluctuated around $0.8 buyback level. Arbitrage opportunities were not uncommon and naturally were exploited by the market participants who bought below $0.8 to fix the profit, when using buyback.
On October 25th the buyback problem was completed. During the buyback program, we bought back approximately 35% of all tokens which were sold during the token sale (both main and pre-order). This is an equivalent of about USD 11M in tokens as at the tokens sale price. The buyback has thus caused the overall circulating amount of BMC to decrease substantially, which is what was expected. One of the reason why we believe that the buyback reserved depleted at the pace that it did is because of the rise in liquidity that was sparked by the BTC dominance index. In other words, it just so happened that BTC skyrocketed while the buyback program was in full swing.
Thereafter the BMC price went down and bottomed out on November 2nd at $0.38 level. Since then the price has been growing with two pronounced attempts to break through the $0.67 level on November 10 and November 14.
We believe that currently in the absence of any negative news and the company being on track with the roadmap the majority of trades are conducted by technical traders. And positive news releases would have a supportive impact to the token price.
Blackmoon Crypto: Events and Conferences
This autumn is definitely rich in events in crypto world. Our Team has recently visited Decentralized 2017 in Cyprus, Blockchain Week in Moscow and our COO Sergey Vasin even took part in a radio talk show called “Life after ICO” by ICOmetrics.
Ilya Perekopsky as speaker @ Blockchain Week
October, 27 2017 our co-founder Ilya Perekospky was a speaker at Russian Blockchain Week 2017. He made a speech “ICO as a way to attract money to a start-up” and had a lot of success at the event.
Ilya Perekopsky, Co-Founder Blackmoon Crypto
Sergey Vasin as host @ ICOmetrics
Sergey described BMC's day-to-day activities before/during/after an ICO as running an ultramarathon: “I will try to tell you whether there is life after ICO. This is a non-stop marathon. One might be thinking to himself: ‘Thank God, we've done an ICO, we've finished the race.” Only to find out later that it wasn't a marathon you were running but an ultra marathon: 90 km up the hill… You wipe the sweat and carry on”
Sergey Vasin, COO Blackmoon Crypto
Media & Coverage
In addition to participation in the events, which we purposefully downscaled in order to focus on business development, Blackmoon Crypto and executive team received nice coverage in the media.
The Merkle was working on an article about why companies are choosing to have ICOs, and it featured Blackmoon in a summary article of 10 companies doing just that!
Here is Oleg's quote from the article:
“One of our main value propositions is to bring together the ‘best of both worlds' for both crypto and traditional asset managers. Set a benchmark in the industry. Thus, we see that crowdfunding via an ICO (or token sale) would attract more crypto investors who have a clearer understanding of the advantages blockchain technology can bring to the industry.”
Oleg Seydak gave very precise comments to Forbes Russia . CEO and co-founder of Blockchain platform Blackmoon Crypto Oleg Seydak is positive that authorities see ICO's both as threats and opportunities. “If this wasn't true, then their behaviour would be different from its present state in between “allow” and “ban”. At the same time as it often happens authorities are better at spotting risks rather than opportunities”, — Oleg says during his interview with Forbes. Seydak pays serious attention to competencies issues in the state organisations which are dealing with cryptocurrencies. “They are torn between desires. Unfortunately, authorities do not have enough knowledge basis to deal with visible risks. And the expert society is decentralised, and it avoids any direct dialogue as it doesn't expect to find support and understanding”, — he explains.
Ilya Perekopsky's wrote an educational article for RBC (Russian Information Agency) “The party's over. Why ICO market can not exist using the previous model”. The main Ilya's message is that the quality of successful ICO's is gradually falling down versus its growth in quantity. And urges established players like Telegram to perform an ICO to solidify crypto investors and bring in new investors from traditional realm.
Below are the links to our recently published articles on Medium:
➤ Fund Administrators. The Backbone of Asset Management
➤ One small step for Asset Management, One giant leap for the Industry
➤ Blackmoon Crypto signs Allen & Overy LLP
➤ The Crypto Ecosystem, v2
Our plans for November — December
➤ We will continue working on interfaces and smart contracts with the goal to release early 1Q-2018.
➤ Your opinion is important for us! This month we will launch a survey on the website to collect the data on the fund preferences soon to be created on the Blackmoon Crypto platform. Participants will be able to choose from different types of funds (from traditional stock market to alternative investments in art) and compare the pros and cons. This survey will also gauge the monetary demand for the preferred type of fund. We will use the results of the survey to guide our efforts in the fund on-boarding process and prioritise existing pipeline.
➤ Our CEO Oleg Seydak and Co-Founder Ilya Perekopsky will be attending the Crypto Valley Conference on Blockchain Technology which will take place November, 20–22 in Zug,Switzerland
➤ Our CEO Oleg Seydak will be attending Blockshow Asia 2017 by CoinTelegraph which will take place November, 29–30 in Singapore
➤ Our CPO Moshe Joshua is participating in Coin Desk event Consensus Invest November, 28 in New York.
➤ Other exciting activity includes launching our first webinar the upcoming Thursday 16th of November at 21.00 (GMT +3) hosted by a Crypto Blogger and Enthusiast Asger Folmann. More details on these and other events we will continue to post via all our social media channels.
➤ Most importantly we are working with the asset managers to sign MoU for the first external fund manager to join the platform.
Please stay tuned.
Israel recently put out a tender for new homes in Har Homa
Rafi Eitan, minister for Jerusalem affairs, said Israel had never promised to stop building within Jerusalem and had a duty to house its citizens.
It is budgeting to build 500 new homes in Har Homa and 240 in Maaleh Adumim.
A Palestinian spokesman condemned the plans, accusing Israel of seeking to destroy renewed peace talks.
Every day we hear a new settlement expansion plan - this cannot be tolerated
Saeb Erekat
Palestinian negotiator
The two sides agreed at a peace conference in Annapolis in the US in late November to revive the 2003 peace plan known as the roadmap.
According to the plan, Israel must halt all settlement activity and the Palestinians must rein in militants.
But soon after the conference, Israel announced a tender for 300 homes in Har Homa.
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after the 1967 Middle East War, a move not recognised internationally.
'Integral part'
News that the construction ministry was budgeting for 740 new settlement homes was reported by the Israeli settlement watchdog, Peace Now.
Har Homa stands on disputed land
The Israeli government has argued that the new homes in Har Homa are part of plans drawn up seven years ago, and that the area - known in Arabic as Abu Ghneim - was in any case not covered by the roadmap.
Thousands of people live in Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem which are expected to remain in Israeli hands under any final peace settlement.
Critics argue that the network of settlements will disrupt any future attempt to make East Jerusalem capital of a Palestinian state.
"Har Homa is an integral part of Jerusalem and Israel will not stop building there," Mr Eitan said on Israeli Army Radio on Sunday.
"It is Israel's duty to provide its citizens with a place to live."
Maaleh Adumim stands further out of the city but Mr Eitan insisted it was "an integral part of Jerusalem in any peace accord".
Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said Israel was undermining efforts to renew peacemaking.
"This is a totally destructive policy," he said.
"Every day we hear a new settlement expansion plan - this cannot be tolerated."
In his new book, economist Anthony B. Atkinson shatters the conventional wisdom that economic inequality is a natural result of free markets and argues that it is, instead, a willful political choice we should stop making.
Inequality: What Can Be Done? (Photo: Harvard University Press)
Inequality: What Can Be Done?
Anthony B. Atkinson
Harvard University Press
Inequality will be everywhere and nowhere in the 2016 presidential debates. Given the way the rhetoric has evolved among the leading candidates, the economy will likely take center stage. The general tenor will be that something has gone wrong, that the economy isn't working for everyday people. Yet, the moment it comes to explaining why, conventional wisdom will trap the conversation in a state of false idealism, if not paralysis.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
There was a preview of this with President Obama several years back. For a brief moment in late 2013, Obama discussed “a dangerous and growing inequality and lack of upward mobility [as] the defining challenge of our time.” But this quickly transitioned into a conversation about opportunity, with the argument that “opportunity is who we are. And the defining project of our generation must be to restore that promise.”
Clearly, responding adequately to inequality is about much more than the government encouraging people to take advantage of opportunity. But conventional wisdom continues to insist that culture and technology—rather than public policy—are the leading drivers of inequality. It consistently argues that bold solutions won't work, because they will reduce business growth and innovation by such a degree that the entire effort will become counterproductive.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Breaking out of this rhetorical trap is one of the ambitions of Anthony B. Atkinson's recent book, Inequality: What Can Be Done? There have been countless books on inequality in the recent past—some arguing that it is a pressing problem and others arguing that it is not—but Atkinson's stands above the crowded field. By pairing quantitative economic analysis with a clear moral argument, he provides lay readers with a bracing and accessible guide to the current inequality debates. The only thing missing is how to turn reform plans into a political reality, a challenge that will likely define the coming decades.
"Poverty is a more powerful influence on the outcome of inner-city children than gestational exposure to cocaine."
Atkinson, now 71 and a professor at the London School of Economics, is largely responsible for making the study of inequality a central focus of the field. His commitment to building historical and international databases of inequality statistics over time has allowed the sophisticated work being carried out today to flourish. During a long period when leading economists thought inequality was a potentially harmful distraction, he fought for its relevance.
There probably isn't a better introduction to the way progressive economists view the economy than this book. Atkinson notes that “after many years of working on the empirical effects of public policy, I have concluded that it is remarkably difficult to shift people's opinions if they are carrying in their heads a theoretical construction” derived from introductory economics textbooks. Atkinson's guide is even more important as progressive economists become bolder in their suggestions for the economy. Whether you want them to succeed or fail, this book gives you their worldview.
Readers who keep up to date on inequality scholarship might be shaking their heads no, pleading for a respite from this type of reading, especially after critics insisted that Thomas Piketty's Capital in the 21st Century was mandatory. And that's fair. But Atkinson's book is the perfect complement to, perhaps even the complete opposite of, Piketty's landmark. Where Piketty meanders and repeats himself, Atkinson is tightly focused. Where Piketty speculates about the potential “laws” of economics in the future, Atkinson grounds his analysis in the institutions of the recent past.
Atkinson skillfully and lucidly describes the academic infighting over how to define inequality. Studying it is a bit like standing in a dark room with a strange, giant statue and a small flashlight; what you can see depends on where you point your data beam. Point it at the very top, at the one percent—whose share of national income doubled between 1978 and 2012—and it's harder to see those in the middle. Point it at what people earn, and you won't see what they spend.
The first disagreement among economists is the subject of measure. Are you looking at households, or are you looking at individuals? Are you looking at tax records, or are you looking at surveys? Surveys can tell you about the things people actually buy, but they are very unreliable. To see what is going on at the very top of the income distribution, you need to look at individual tax records, but that methodology provides less information on the shifting nature of households, a major force in the middle class.
The second dispute is more interesting: It's over what should be included in the category of income. When asked, most people think of their income as the amount an employer pays them to work a job. But there are other considerations: how much is taken out in taxes; what benefits people receive from their employer; and what benefits people receive from the government, either in cash or cash-like compensation.
Conservatives tend to emphasize trends that make it look like inequality hasn't grown as much as it has, using recent expansions of Medicaid and food stamps to bolster income figures. Citing these programs may make the economy look better for working people, but there's some irony in conservatives pointing to the generosity of the very programs they are trying to cut.
There's no single best way to align the data, but there is general agreement that those at the very top have increased their share of national income in recent decades. So the conventional wisdom doesn't deny that inequality has increased. It argues that inequality doesn't matter. Under this thinking, what's important is providing opportunity and fighting poverty.
Though Atkinson agrees these are important priorities, he also argues that we need to move beyond simple bromides. For those who do end up unlucky, all the opportunity in the world won't erase the hazardous effects associated with living or growing up in poverty. The stress and chaos, particularly for children, is a kind of poisoning. As one prominent health researcher described it elsewhere, “poverty is a more powerful influence on the outcome of inner-city children than gestational exposure to cocaine.” Once it becomes entrenched, poverty is transferred intergenerationally, disrupting whatever progress is made on the opportunity front.
Atkinson also debunks the second pillar of conventional inequality wisdom: the idea that inequality is a natural result of free markets, particularly seismic shifts in technology. Under this narrative, the rise of computers, robots, and automation is presented as a gold rush, beneficial for those with the skills and tools to extract value from the new economy and detrimental for those without them. Since this is a natural by-product of the way markets are supposed to function, there's little that can be done without triggering harmful macroeconomic effects.
While this story about technology remains a darling of the popular press, the evidence hasn't panned out. Workers with valued skills and strong educational credentials are seeing their career trajectories and incomes stall. Evidence that robots are taking the jobs of everyday people at epidemic levels doesn't show up in aggregate productivity figures, the growth of which remains low relative to earlier times. The real rise in inequality since the 1980s can be attributed to both the explosion of salaries in the financial industry, which doubled its representation in the top one percent of incomes, and the growing pay packages for CEOs, which more than quadrupled at large companies. It's hard to argue that this dramatic growth at the very top is simply a function of a natural skill-to-salary match.
A problem with books like this one is that the solutions can become a word vomit of suggested policy acronyms. And even though Atkinson does offer a laundry list of proposals, he manages to avoid tedium by building them out conceptually, changing the way we think about the role of the government and the economy in the process.
Atkinson argues for a two-pronged approach. The first method involves tackling inequality in the marketplace, by ensuring that workers and consumers have more bargaining power. These interventions range from more government investment in growing the economy and making sure it runs at full employment to commitment to anti-monopoly practices. He also suggests ideas outside the current American debate, such as directing government investments into a sovereign wealth fund. These types of efforts are often lost in the conversation about how to respond to the economy, because politicians and pundits assume taxes and social insurance are the only available tools.
The second approach is focused on re-embracing both the practice and the idea of social security. This notion—that the government is uniquely situated to provide broad economic security and has a responsibility to do so—has fallen out of favor in the conservative ascendency of recent decades, but it is one Atkinson argues for convincingly.
Atkinson also confronts the final part of inequality conventional wisdom: that tackling it will lead to a stagnating economy. Though most economists subscribe to the tradeoff idea, there is actually very little empirical work supporting the theory. Atkinson points to a massive body of literature that finds, well, nothing. There is no consistent relationship between efforts to combat inequality and economic growth among rich Western nations. Inequality is simply a choice. And it's a choice he argues we mustn't continue making.
Atkinson's book represents the best case an economist can make on these issues. But Atkinson can't claim certainty on the best way to amass the political will necessary for solving any of these problems. The gap between working-class interests and the concerns of the exploding one percent remains wide.
Atkinson paints a world where liberals want to expand government and conservatives want to restrain it. But we'll likely see these coalitions fracture in the future: Arguments over how the government should provide economic security will become more and more complicated. And even if political interests did coalesce, less than 30 percent of the voting public actually trusts the government's ability to put these types of policies and programs into action.
All of these issues pose serious challenges to a program designed to tackle inequality. Yet the fact that we even understand inequality as a real problem with nuanced constraints is something we owe to Atkinson, who helped make it the serious focus of inquiry it is today. This book is a forceful summary of that body of work, and stands as the best introduction to the concerns that will hang over all of our discussions of the economy in the 21st century.
Submit your response to this story to letters@psmag.com. If you would like us to consider your letter for publication, please include your name, city, and state. Letters may be edited for length and clarity, and may be published in any medium.
For more from Pacific Standard, and to support our work, sign up for our free email newsletter and subscribe to our print magazine, where this piece originally appeared. Digital editions are available in the App Store and on Zinio and other platforms.
The BJP's ability to score self-goals remains undiminished even after receiving hard knocks in Delhi, Bihar, and elsewhere. A small success in changing the Arunachal Pradesh government appears to have emboldened it to try its luck in Uttarakhand, where elections are anyway due next year. What possessed the party to try and fish in troubled waters when the Congress-led government under Harish Rawat was imploding under its own weight? What was the hurry to form a government with defectors, when the state could well have fallen into its lap next year?
On Thursday, the Uttarakhand High Court delivered a sharp rap on the knuckles when it restored Rawat to the throne and asked him to face a floor test by 29 April. The BJP is moving the Supreme Court, but it would be more sensible to cut its losses and focus on defeating the Rawat government on the floor of the assembly to claim vindication.
The court was certainly right to uphold the basic principle that governments should be asked to prove their majority in the legislature, but it went overboard in trying to make this sound like some kind of existential crisis of democracy, when it is essentially about two players playing in the muck, with neither playing by the rules prescribed by the Supreme Court in the Bommai case. In the Bommai case, the court held that governments must stay or fall based on what happens in an assembly vote. They can't be dislodged through manoeuvres in Raj Bhavans or in Delhi.
The Uttarakhand High Court Bench headed by Chief Justice KM Joseph made this observation, as quoted in The Times of India: “The soul of the matter is whether it is open to the Central government to get rid of state governments, supplant or uproot the democratically-elected government, introduce chaos, undermine (the) confidence of the little man who stands with a white paper to cast his vote braving the snow, heat and rain.”
The answer to the first part of its order is “no, the centre should not be toppling elected state governments.” The second part of the order, about introducing “chaos” and “undermining the confidence of the little man who stands with a white paper to cast his vote, braving the snow, heat and rain” is just poetic licence, and largely unreal in the Indian context.
The Indian voter is very mature, and trying to make her (and not just him) sound like some kind of hapless victim of cynical politics is false. If Justice Joseph had only cocked an attentive ear to note the kind of freebies, dog-whistle rhetoric and violence being talked about or played out in the ongoing state assembly elections, he would know that the Indian voter is willing to accept cynical bribery as a substitute for real governance. The highly contested Indian election is not about innocence or holy democratic principles. And factually, there is no white paper involved in casting a vote, with paper ballots having been replaced with EVM machines years ago.
Justice Joseph also had this to say: “We are of the view that be it suspension or dissolution, the effect is toppling of a democratically-elected government. It breeds cynicism in the hearts of citizens who participate in the democratic system and also undermines democracy and (the) foundation of federalism.”
This is broadly correct. However, it is worth making a counter-point: while there is no doubt that backroom manoeuvres to topple governments can breed cynicism, the same can be said about the efforts of parties to stay in power by bribery of MLAs or MPs. The Narasimha Rao government stayed in power in the early 1990s by bribing JMM MPs. But the courts ruled that things happening inside parliament was not in their domain. The Manmohan Singh government sailed through the 2008 trust vote in the face of the cash-for-votes scam. But no court did anything about this scam.
Cynicism breeds in the electorate from all these actions of parties in power and the money that changes hands for votes. As an aside, the citizen also knows that money changes hands in some judicial verdicts. The Indian citizens are nothing is not totally cynical about the system. It is not just politicians, but the judiciary too which is to blame.
In the Uttarakhand case, the specific issues involved sound less savoury that the high principles upheld by the high court.
The facts are something like this: Rawat faced a rebellion within his party, and got his budget passed without a division. The rebels and the BJP claimed the budget was passed illegally without a vote, when a vote was demanded. After passing the budget with the help of the speaker, the latter then disqualified the rebel MLA who might have voted against the budget and brought the government down.
The questions of law are tricky.
First, it is fair to disqualify the MLAs if they had actually voted against the budget, since defying the whip goes against the provisions of the anti-defection law. But when no vote took place, how can the MLAs be disqualified for something they were yet to do? Can you ban someone in anticipation?
Second, if the budget had been defeated, Rawat's government would have fallen. If it had fallen, the BJP or even the rebels could have staked claim. But if the Congress had disqualified the MLAs based on their vote against the government, it is the new government that would need to face the trust vote, albeit minus the disqualified MLAs.
What the Uttarakhand High Court adjudicated was to decide for or against one kind of hanky-panky versus another. And the issue of disqualification of MLAs is yet another case to be decided.
But the High Court was absolutely right on one thing: who rules a state depends on winning an assembly vote. The governor should have asked Rawat to face a trust vote in view of uncertainty about whether the budget was passed through a proper vote. Even now, that is the only solution.
The BJP would do well to try to win this vote, and not try and delay the inevitable by moving the Supreme Court.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
When Harley Quinn Will Appear On Gotham By Laura Hurley Random Article Blend Gotham has spent three seasons playing fast and loose with the origin stories of some of the most iconic characters of DC Comics lore, and few Batman characters are really off the table at this point. The introduction of Jerome as the proto-Joker naturally led to the question of when Harley Quinn will ever appear. As it turns out, the Joker's villainous gal pal will probably make her Gotham debut in the not-too-distant future. Gotham executive producer John Stephens said this about when Harley might turn up: We might see [her] in Episode 22. While John Stephen's statement that we "might" see her doesn't exactly give much away about what we can expect from a Gotham version of Harley Quinn in the Season 3 finale, we can glean some information. For one thing, his tease of a Harley Quinn in Episode 22 follows on his hint last summer that a forerunner to Harley was in the works for some point in the series' future. For another thing, Jerome's impending return to the land of the living means that the time is right for Gotham to kick off the origin story of Harley Quinn. One popular theory about the identity of the future Harley Quinn was that none other than Barbara Kean was destined to become the Joker's accomplice. Sure, Babs would be a big departure from the usual Harley Quinn backstory, but her growing madness combined with her temporary partnership with Jerome back in Season 2 meant that she was a prime candidate. Actress Erin Richards put that theory to rest in an interview with CinemaBlend in 2016, so it's a safe bet that we haven't actually seen the woman who will become Harley Quinn just yet. The upcoming return of Jerome combined with the dismissal of the theory that Barbara will become Harley may indicate that we're in for a somewhat more traditional origin story for the popular character. Most versions of Harley - whether from Batman: The Animated Series, DC Comics, or the Suicide Squad film - introduce her as a psychiatrist who is turned into a villainous accomplice after she listens to and falls for the Joker. Gotham could introduce a brand-new incarnation of the good doctor corrupted by a very bad man, even if it isn't a clown prince of crime. John Stephens also mentioned in his chat with TV Guide that the Gotham version of Harley will be a "launching point" for a lot of the action in Season 4, so we can probably bet that she'll get quite an entrance in the Season 3 finale. Of course, Gotham has not yet been renewed for a Season 4, so we can only cross our fingers and hope that Fox will order another season and give fans the chance to see Gotham's twist on Harley Quinn. Ratings haven't been great, but they also haven't been terrible. It should be interesting to see if the upcoming interactions between the Joker and the future Dark Knight will attract more people to tune in for the second half of Season 3. You can catch new episodes of Gotham on Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on Fox. Check out our midseason TV premiere schedule to see what else you can watch in the coming weeks. The Masked Singer Mystery: Our Best Guesses (Part 4) Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
High immigration masks Australian economic decline
Updated
Australia has ridden 25 years of economic growth without a recession. An amazing stretch of prosperity and a badge of honour that governments of all persuasions have tried to claim as their own.
Much has been written about the importance of the 1980s economic reforms in setting Australia up for this quarter century of expansion. A mining boom of historical proportions was also a massive help.
But often underappreciated is the role that migration has played. A huge increase in migration has fuelled headline GDP growth, keeping Australia technically out of recession. But, it's also masked a dirty secret, individuals haven't felt the benefit of this record run.
In fact, since the GFC, Australia has seen per capita income go backwards and it's only recently recovered.
The most recent numbers show a slight downturn in the long-term arrivals to departure ratio.
But this is a misleading picture. The truth is, migration to Australia is still proceeding at a record clip.
Much of it fuelled by "temporary" migrants, many of which are not captured in these numbers.
These include some students, 457 workers, working holiday and bridging visa holders - who are generally able to work and many of whom end up staying in the country permanently.
The below table shows that at 30 September 2016 there were nearly 2 million temporary visa holders within Australia. An increase of nearly 5 per cent in just one year.
Even if the visitor visa category is stripped out of the aggregate temporary migration numbers, the total number of temporary migrant entrants sat at 1,608,460, which is a rise of 4.3 per cent in one year.
Overall Australian population growth has averaged 1.7 per cent over the last decade - that's more than double the rate in the US over the same period.
Despite the political heat surrounding "boat people" and asylum seekers, there has been bipartisan support for a huge increase in migration to Australia for a long time.
It's a very simple equation: more people means more economic activity and that gives the government of the day an easy way to keep crowing on about good economic management.
But more people do not mean that the living standards of the existing population also rise. In fact, it can have detrimental economic effects for the people who are already here.
New workers mean greater competition for jobs, which suppresses wages. The most recent data shows that wages growth in Australia has hit a record low of just 1.9 per cent per annum.
More people also mean more demand for scarce goods and services. When there's already a tight supply of a particular good, it can mean huge price rises.
Population growth distorting housing, labour markets
Perhaps the most illustrative example is housing, where prices continue to rise sharply in Australia's two biggest magnets for new migrants, Sydney and Melbourne, putting them outside the reach of many first home buyers.
Sydney house prices have risen more than 70 per cent over the last five years.
"The unemployment rate at the moment is tracking at around 5.75 per cent - that's about 0.75 per cent higher than we would consider full employment, which is 5 per cent," said Gareth Aird, Senior Economist at the Commonwealth Bank.
"That means there's spare capacity in the labour market.
"So I think if you had a lower immigration rate at a time where there is spare capacity in the labour market that's not a bad thing.
"On top of that, we've got incredibly strong house price growth still, and if you've got more people you've got more upward pressure on house prices.
"So, at a time when house prices are still running pretty hot, some cooling in demand through lower immigration isn't a bad thing either."
Bigger pie, but more mouths eating from it
The reason why many people feel that they haven't benefitted from the Australia's long stretch of economic expansion, is quite simply because they haven't.
Their pay packets haven't gotten bigger while the cost of essential goods like shelter have risen.
High migration makes it nearly impossible for Australia to fall into recession.
The economy keeps getting bigger just because there are more people operating in it.
It's great for business, because it keeps wages low and there's more people to buy stuff from them.
It's great for governments because it means economic growth looks better than it otherwise would.
But it isn't necessarily good for ordinary workers.
As new Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe has noted, the role of good economic policy should be to "raise living standards" - not just make the population, and therefore economy, bigger.
Topics: economic-trends, immigration, housing-industry, housing, australia
First posted
A former Welsh Liberal Democrat leader has quit the party in the House of Lords.
Alex Carlile was Montgomeryshire MP from 1983 to 1997, and spent a decade as the UK government's terrorism legislation reviewer.
He confirmed to BBC News he was no longer a Lib Dem peer but said he had no further comment to make.
The Lib Dems said they were "disappointed but not surprised" by his decision.
"He has been at odds with party policy on a number of occasions in recent years, especially over civil liberties," a spokesman said.
"We are grateful for his years of service to the party and wish him well in future."
Lord Carlile was brought up in north Wales and Lancashire and was made a life peer in 1999.
In November he was appointed to lead an independent review into how the Church of England handled child abuse accusations against Bishop of Chichester, George Bell, in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
He supported the so-called "snooper's charter" despite party leader Nick Clegg being against it.
If you're one of those people who feel the urge to document each and every breathing moment of your life, but think it's annoying to have to get out your smartphone to snap pictures and upload them every time, you're in luck.
Thanks to startup Always Innovating, you'll soon be able to have a mini-drone hover over your shoulder and do that job for you.
It's called MeCam and it's essentially a small quadrocopter flying robot that will be able to continuously follow you, snap pictures or videos with its built-in digital camera, stream them to an Android or iOS phone or tablet, and upload them to social networks like Facebook or YouTube.
SEE ALSO: Watch the World's Highest Resolution Drone-Mounted Camera in Action
The drone is equipped with 14 sensors "for perfect and safe hovering," the website states. It's controllable with voice commands, and when it comes out in early 2014, the price will be around $50.
Maybe the dad who tried to build a drone to follow his kid on the walk from the house to the school bus could use this one instead.
To find out more about the MeCam, check out the video above.
Would you buy one of these mini-drones? Tell us your thoughts in the comments.
Photo courtesy of Always Innovating
We've all been dieing to know how well Naruto Generations has sold in Japan since it's highly anticipated release on February 23rd. Well, Anime Games Online is excited to say the Japanese software sales figures for the week of February 20 to February 26, 2012 have been released! This is thanks to analytics company Media Create, who keeps track of how well digital entertainment items, such as video games, sell in Japan.
Below are the top 20 games and their sales figures. As you can see, our beloved Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations sold a big 65,758 copies for the PS3 in just 4 days on the market! That means it sold an average of 16,439 copies a day! Sales for Generations are slightly better then Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2 (PS3), which sold 63,675 copies in it's first week. The PS3-exclusive Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm sold 43,268 copies in its first week at Japanese retailers, so in comparison to that, Naruto Generations sales are a huge improvement! Xbox 360 figures are not currently available as it wasn't a top 20 seller in Japan between February 20 and February 26.
Since the year 2000, live-action horror has gone through several populars, and inevitably overdone, phases, some better than others but all contributing the genre's highest level of mainstream acceptance in decades, if not ever. First came the wave of Japan-inspired ghost stories and remakes of foreign movies, triggered by 2002's box office hit The Ring; then, two years later, the controversial “torture porn” stretch of hard-R-rated flicks piggybacked on the successes of Saw (2004) and Hostel (2005). Once the Saw franchise hit its sadly redundant sixth film, audiences demanded a change, which came in the form of 2009's made-for-nothing, found-footage phenomenon, Paranormal Activity, the impetus, along with the sci-fi/horror pic Cloverfield (2008), for the visual style's current dominance (even in television shows like The River). And, in the last few years, vampires (Twilight, True Blood) and zombies (The Walking Dead) have once again become in vogue.
On the written page, horror has been even more substantial, touching upon all of those trends—save for found-footage, of course—and adding subtext that could only be achieved through prose and, subsequently, the mind's eye. This week, however, scary literature is taking a look back at the classic monsters of yesteryear, with the release of first-time author Brian McGreevy's buzz-worthy novel Hemlock Grove (available today). Set in a Pennsylvania steel town, Hemlock Grove reconfigures the werewolf and Frankenstein's monster mythos into a whodunit murder mystery involving high school kids and an upper class family.
It's an notable debut for McGreevy, but, ultimately, Hemlock Grove falls short of ranking amongst the fiction genre's strongest books over the last 12 years. To see what does place within that honored distinction, check out The 25 Best Horror Novels Of The New Millennium. Your precious Kindle is about to get a workout.
Written by Matt Barone (@MBarone)
Follow @ComplexPopCult
The Central Statistics Office (CSO) released its estimate of gross domestic product (GDP) on 29 May. This is the first estimate for a full year after the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) took over. The growth rate of GDP at 7.3% at constant prices is not only better than the last year of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) but also makes India the fastest growing economy in the world. At a time when the world economy is showing signs of slowing, the performance of the Indian economy judged by these numbers should be cause for cheer. The fact that India's economy grew faster than China's may give the impression that all is well, despite fears of rural distress across India.
Unfortunately, nobody seems to be happy with these numbers. Not only has the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raised the red flag doubting these numbers in its policy review, even the finance ministry has advised caution while interpreting these numbers. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has decided to send a team to understand the new GDP numbers put up by the CSO. Even the financial media, which should have lapped up these numbers, has shown maturity while reporting them.
India's statistical agency is well-regarded not only in India but also internationally, but the new GDP numbers pose a serious challenge to its credibility. While the CSO did bring out an explanatory fact sheet, thus far, its attempts to explain these numbers have not worked—partly because the explanations have been largely in terms of accounting and the arithmetic of national accounting, with very little clarity on the nature of changes and the sources of divergence between the new series and the old series.
It is not the arithmetic that is being questioned; the very basis of growth that seems to be at variance with the optimistic picture being presented by the national accounts. The high growth rate of GDP is attributed largely to the better-than-average performance of services and manufacturing with agriculture, mining and construction showing deceleration. The growth rate of manufacturing at 7.1% is not only at variance with the growth rate of Index of Industrial Production (IIP) at 2.3% but is also at variance with the reported sales of automobiles, tractors and many other manufactured goods, all of which show deceleration in sales and production. For the record, sales of commercial vehicles last year declined by 2.8%.
Even for the services sector, the growth rates appear far too optimistic. Profits of companies do not reflect this optimism; nor do sales figures, which are subdued compared with the numbers reported in the national accounts estimates. Other data, such as exports and investment data, are also at variance with the rosy picture presented by the CSO. Clearly, there is something missing as far as the GDP numbers are concerned. Quite simply, the whole is not the sum of parts as expected in an accounting sense.
One of the reasons offered by the CSO for the variance has been the change in methodology of arriving at these numbers. To keep up with international practices, the CSO changed the methodology of computing GDP and its aggregates. As a result, the manufacturing growth rate, which was earlier based on the IIP and the Annual Survey of Industries (ASI) data on volume and value-added growth, now also takes into account the advance tax filing data maintained by the ministry of corporate affairs (MCA). This practice of using tax data extends to the services sector as well, unlike the earlier series which used volume-based indices.
While the new series may be consistent with the best practices adopted internationally, doubts remain. These are not only related to the conceptual framework for measuring growth in sectors and sub-sectors of the economy but also to the coverage of the MCA database. This is particularly a problem of developing countries, where the informal/unorganized sector still constitutes a large part of the economy. Serious questions have also been raised by Prof. R. Nagaraj—a member of the committee which recommended the use of MCA data—not only on the completeness of the data but also the methodology adopted to blow up the estimates.
It is obvious that the new series raises far too many questions than it has answered so far. A reasonable approach to such drastic changes would have included a wider discussion among the academic community as well as media dissemination before the new series was adopted. By maintaining secrecy on these, the CSO has not only messed up its communication strategy but also done considerable damage to its credibility.
The matter is not only about statistical methods and estimates. The issue of national accounts is also fundamental to the understanding of what is happening to different sectors of the economy and the way different sectors respond to various policy measures. A discredited database not only does injustice to the statistical system of the country but also hinders policy response needed for long term growth by giving mixed signals.
Himanshu is an associate professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University and visiting fellow at Centre de Sciences Humaines, New Delhi.
The Seattle City Council Wednesday finalized its proposed changes to the city's 2017-2018 budget including District 1 representative Lisa Herbold's $29 million plan to build hundreds of units of affordable housing through a bond and shuffling of funds from the Seattle Department of Transportation and the Seattle Police Department's North Precinct project.
“We are in a homelessness state of emergency,” Herbold said in a statement on Wednesday's approval. “We need to build today to meet the need. Building today is less expensive than building at future costs, and these funds will continue to benefit the community for the entire period of the bond payment under their 50+ year regulatory agreement. When the City issues bond to finance capital needs we gain the ability to deliver projects faster and enjoy their benefits sooner.”
The Council will vote on adopting the proposals Monday.
The plan to raise $29 million in additional affordable housing funding was approved by the Council in a 7-2 vote with the frequent voting bloc of at large member Tim Burgess and District 5 rep Debora Juarez coming out against the plan.
The plan would raise $29 million in 2017 through bonds that would be paid off over 30 years. The money would be put to use creating hundreds of units of affordable housing though specifics of how the money will be spent are to be determined.
“We will work with the Office of Housing to evaluate and develop options for funding, either proposing utilization of the entire $29 million in bond funding at one time for a specific project or program, or using funding over time for several projects or programs,” Herbold said.
Before the vote on Herbold's bill, Kshama Sawant's proposal that would have gutted the $160 million North Precinct project and put the funding toward housing was rejected by the Council.
Following the votes, Sawant credited the “Build 1,000 Homes Coalition” and the People's Budget effort for the plan's approval:
Together, our movement has won $29 million for affordable housing. We didn't get everything that we wanted today, but this is a significant step forward for the People's Budget movement. It was only won because our remarkable and diverse coalition of over 75 organizations came together to demand Council invest in housing now. I want to thank everyone who joined, and the many activists who dedicated hour after hour to wresting this victory from the political establishment.
Herbold said the money may be coming at a much-needed time.
“There is legitimate cause for concern that some elements of HALA plan rely on federal resources that may now be at risk,” she said. “As Rachel Myers, Executive Director of the Washington Low Income Housing Alliance said, ‘The combination of Seattle's housing needs and the uphill struggle to find alternate resources make local investments in affordable housing more critical than ever.'”
Chris Jones has been excoriated at various times during his tenure as the Saskatchewan Roughriders' (inhale) head coach, defensive co-ordinator, general manager and vice-president of football operations (exhale).
Repeated losses and league-issued fines were the catalyst for criticism in this space and in other forums.
The cold-blooded severing of ties with beloved players such as Darian Durant, Weston Dressler and John Chick was excessively ugly.
An assortment of 2016 free-agent signees flopped like a marginally injured soccer player.
Khalif Mitchell's brief residency in Regina was the result of a tone-deaf move by Jones and associates.
And, especially in Year 1, Jones did not seem to embrace the concept of accountability.
With all the negativism being regurgitated, we now bring you the other side of the story.
Jones merits serious consideration for CFL coach-of-the-year honours.
Despite some sputters and setbacks in 2016, and in the early portion of the current campaign, Jones has built a team that now belongs on the league's podium.
Who's better than the Roughriders?
The Calgary Stampeders (proud owners of a 12-1-1 record) are a mortal lock to finish first overall in the nine-team league. Even so, they were held without a touchdown in their most-recent meeting with Saskatchewan — a 15-9 Stampeders victory Sept. 24 at Mosaic Stadium.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers (10-4-0) are seeded second, but they barely won the season series with Saskatchewan.
Saskatchewan and the Edmonton Eskimos are both 8-6-0. However, the resurgent Roughriders have won six of their last eight games, whereas the Eskimos snapped a six-game losing streak Monday by predictably disposing of the feckless Montreal Alouettes.
The Roughriders' 6-2-0 run includes a 54-31 victory in Edmonton on Aug. 25.
So, really, what's not to applaud about the job Jones has done in 2017?
His defence, while not the type of high-pressure unit with which he is synonymous, now has the capacity to assume control of games and make crucial stops.
Offensively, the reasonably priced quarterbacking tandem of Kevin Glenn and Brandon Bridge has combined for 30 touchdown passes in 14 games. The team's single-season record, by the way, is 41 — set by Kent Austin (32), Rick Worman (8) and Ted Wahl (1) in 1991.
Saskatchewan could end up with three 1,000-yard receivers. Naaman Roosevelt has already reached that milestone for the second successive year. Bakari Grant (887 yards) and Duron Carter (806) are also good bets to hit quadruple figures.
Jones re-signed Roosevelt well before he could have tested the open market in February. Carter and Grant were inspired free-agent signings by Jones, who also struck it rich by agreeing to terms with Glenn.
Sure, there have been some swings and misses — Vince Young, we barely knew ye — but they have been outnumbered by the home runs.
That is worth remembering down the home stretch — a portion of the season that was a waste of time (and ink) in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
Six games into the 2017 schedule, it appeared that the Roughriders were serving up another stinker of a season. They were 2-4-0 and once again a target for torrential criticism — Jones being the lightning rod.
Dissatisfied customers complained that Jones had too many job descriptions, that his trademark black apparel included only hints of green, that he wore sunglasses too often, that he wasn't a year-round resident of Regina, et cetera.
But lately, all is quiet — except that the Jones-led Roughriders are making plenty of noise around the league.
Coach-of-the-year voters, take note.
rvanstone@postmedia.com
twitter.com/robvanstone
Nathan For You
“Mechanic/Realtor ”
Season 2, Episode 1
Chad White, Ain't Afraid Of No Ghost, Terrified Of Real Estate Opportunities
Mechanics haven't been known for their honesty. Realtors are the same way. Both careers make most of their money off of lying to their customers. And they should get away with it if they could. That's what the American lifestyle is based on: lying in order to get ahead. But the other half of that is gullibility, or rather, Americans' inability to think beyond the now. If we can be patient and not want to have everything at this moment, perhaps we'd be able to see the truth more clearly. Or perhaps I'm talking out of my ass. Nathan Fielder seems to know what he's talking about in the return of his show, Nathan For You.
When he's not posting vague pictures of naked men on Instagram, Fielder is planning out unique ways for businesses to become successful. Season two kicks off with a trip to a mechanic that has trouble drawing in the customers. After listening to the problems that the shop has, Fielder determines that the best course of action is for the mechanic to undergo live polygraph testing in front of the customers. This seems like a plausible way to bring back repeat customers and even gain a new following. The mechanic does so and the customers react positively. The only person who is angry is Fielder because he believes the lie detector is faulty due to it saying he watched porn. You'd go to an honest mechanic in a heartbeat if it didn't mean you had to spend $890 on a new starter and ignition module. But these guys are your only option. You can't take your car anywhere else. Your Honda Civic is at 217,000 miles and she's on her last legs. I've been in that position and it sucks so much.
What sucks even more is that I had to spend a week with no car stranded in a house I did not like. But I can't buy a house because: a. I'm 21 and have very little money due to college debt and b. I need a better job. When I do find a realtor, however, I expect that person to be 100% honest with me. That means no mold, no cracks, and definitely no ghosts. Fielder made sure there were no ghosts as he helped a woman who needed a new way to show houses. Hiring a ghost expert and exorcist, Fielder drew out the demonic specter in order to make the house feel, well, more homey. Upon showing the house, the realtor was tasked with telling the perspective buyer that the house was once under haunting but has since been cleared of any ghostly figures. Yes the person was admittedly shocked but they were way safer. And isn't that the most important thing?
Should you watch Nathan For You “Mechanic/Realtor ?”
Yes. Nathan brings back his show in full force. Plus, this will be a great introduction to the series for any newcomers. Then, in a few weeks, you'll finally be able to see what all this Dumb Starbucks talk was about.
Nathan For You airs at 10 PM Tuesday nights on Comedy Central.
Share. More features also on the way. More features also on the way.
Exit Theatre Mode
Update: Respawn has gone into detail about what to expect from today's patch.
The patch will signal the start of testing for the Private Match mode, allowing you to play with and against your friends either casually, or in tournaments. It'll support 2 to 12 players, with 1 to 6 on each team and can be started from the main screen. Any of the game's maps or modes will be available, though note you won't gain XP, progress challenges or unlock achievements in this section of the game. Your efforts also won't impact your lifetime totals. In this beta, there's no lobby leader meaning anyone can change settings, though this may be introduced in later versions along with new options like round time, score limits and more.
Another change is that party members and their titans will now show up on your mini-map in green, rather than the normal blue that other friendly units use. Their names will also be this colour in the HUD to help you identify them quicker. Another change to colouring is that of your auto-titan in the obituary: where before it was blue, now it's the same gold as your own name, to help you keep tabs on how it's been doing.
Exit Theatre Mode
Along with now displaying the game version on the main menu and the default option in the menu being "Play Multiplayer", Respawn is also fixing a wall-hack exploit plaguing the PC version of the game. The Xbox One edition, meanwhile, will now have a shortcut to the party app, accessible by pressing Left Trigger.
Finally, the Gooser challenge has been reduced from requiring 50 ejecting pilot kills to 5. The post explains, "We went a bit too far with this challenge, especially considering the unique conditions that have to be met just to have the opportunity to get a kill on an ejecting Pilot. We understand some players have already completed the challenge, or have already earned more than the new requirement so we will be internally noting those players so we can recognize their accomplishments in a future game update."
There are more changes, including bug fixes and changes to magazine capacity for a variety of weapons. The full list of changes can be found on the Titanfall blog.
Original story: Respawn has announced Titanfall will be updated later today to add private matches to the online shooter.
A tweet from the developer confirms that the Gooser Challenge will also be getting tweaked, along with other as-yet unannounced additions.
Update coming later today with private matches, gooser update, etc. We'll post lots of info on it as it rolls out. — Respawn (@Respawn) April 10, 2014
The lack of private matches was something we lamented in our review of the title. Respawn always intended to add them eventually, though an exact time frame wasn't pinned down.
As soon as we know the full contents of the update, we'll let you know.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
Sixty percent of voters view Hillary Clinton unfavorably, according to a ABC News/Washington Post poll released Monday morning, the highest level of unpopularity yet for the Democratic presidential nominee.
Her Republican opponent Donald Trump is seen unfavorably by essentially as many, 58%. Overall, the race for president is heading down to the wire, with the poll showing Clinton leading Trump among likely voters by just one point, 46% to 45%. The poll was taken Wednesday through Saturday.
Using the last two nights' results, after FBI Director James Comey revealed a further Clinton-related email investigation, 47% of the Democratic nominee's supporters said they were very enthusiastic about her, compared with 51% across the previous six nights.
60% of voters see Hillary Clinton unfavorably in today's @ABC News/WaPo tracking poll, a new high https://t.co/UJv6kMbVwg pic.twitter.com/zNGeqJjySF — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 31, 2016
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by one point in today's @ABC News/WaPo tracking poll https://t.co/UJv6kMbVwg pic.twitter.com/WoXNm094uB — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 31, 2016
Trump targets Democratic states: Donald Trump is redirecting his energy toward traditionally Democratic states in the final stretch of the 2016 campaign, seeing a fresh opportunity after the announcement Friday that the FBI would again examine emails related to Hillary Clinton's time as secretary of state.
The Washington Post writes Trump and his advisers spent the weekend deliberating ways to seize on what they see as a dramatic turn in the campaign's closing chapter and scramble the political map. On Sunday, Trump held rallies in Colorado and New Mexico, and he is scheduled to make two stops Monday in Michigan. He is expected to visit Wisconsin on Tuesday.
Also read: Harry Reid says FBI director may have broken the law.
Early turnout tilts toward Democrats: While Trump is newly focusing on Democratic states, Clinton has established a slim edge over her rival in early-voter turnout in several vital swing states, the New York Times reports. In Florida, Nevada and elsewhere, Democrats are outperforming Republicans, the Times writes.
What's on state ballots: There's much more on the ballot around the country on Nov. 8 than just Clinton versus Trump. MarketWatch has rounded up some of the hottest initiatives, including those on marijuana legalization and raising the minimum wage. Check them out here.
Washington (AFP) - A US-led air attack against jihadists in Syria targeted Al-Qaeda's Khorasan group because it was on the verge of carrying out "major attacks" against the West, the US military said Tuesday.
The Americans pounded Khorasan targets in Syria with Tomahawk cruise missiles to counter the mounting threat posed by the group, said Lieutenant General William Mayville, director of operations for the US Joint Chiefs of Staff.
"Intelligence reports indicated that the group was in the final stages of plans to execute major attacks against western targets and potentially the US homeland," Mayville told reporters.
The strikes against the Khorasan militants early Tuesday were separate from a wave of bombing raids led by the United States and joined by several Arab countries that targeted the Islamic State group.
Earlier, the Pentagon had said that US air strikes killed Khorasan members hatching plots against Western targets.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, had announced that American forces carried out eight air strikes against Khorasan group targets west of Aleppo.
Mayville said more than 40 Tomahawk missiles were launched from naval ships in the Gulf and the Red Sea, and that "the majority of the Tomahawk strikes were against Khorasan."
The Khorasan group was not focused on battling the Syrian regime or aiding the Syrian people but instead is "establishing roots in Syria in order to advance attacks against the West and the homeland," he said.
Speaking of the broader air campaign that included Arab states, Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby said "our initial indication is that these strikes were very successful."
And he signaled that more bombing raids in Syria were to come.
"I can tell you that last night's strikes were only the beginning," Kirby said.
President Barack Obama ordered the bombing raids in Syria last Thursday, a day after conferring with commanders at Central Command headquarters in Tampa, Florida, the White House said.
- Three waves of air strikes -
The US military was "unaware of any civilian casualties" from the strikes and the air attack was planned to minimize the risk to civilians in the area, Mayville said.
The general acknowledged there was evidence IS fighters were already dispersing and moving towards population centers to hide from the sights of US attack aircraft.
But he said there was no need at the moment to bring in tactical air controllers on the ground to direct bombing raids to avoid civilian casualties.
The first wave of strikes Tuesday featured mainly Tomahawk cruise missiles, the second wave had US fighter planes and B-1 bombers hitting targets and then the third wave included Arab warplanes and American F/A-18 jets flying from an aircraft carrier, the George H.W. Bush, in the Gulf, Mayville said.
IS group leaders were not specifically targeted in the raids but US and Arab aircraft aimed at "command and control" centers, he said.
The operation broke new ground with four Arab countries sending in aircraft to take part, which US officials said demonstrated regional states were committed to fighting the IS extremists.
Bahrain, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates played direct roles in the operation while Qatar played a supporting role, officials said, without providing details.
The "preponderance" of bombs dropped were from US aircraft, Mayville said.
The Damascus regime views the IS group as an adversary, and the White House said President Bashar al-Assad's government was told in advance about the plan to attack -- but in general terms.
The US ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, passed the word to her Syrian counterpart, said Ben Rhodes, deputy national security adviser.
But he and other officials insisted the air strikes were not coordinated in any way with Assad's army.
Asked if Syrian regime air defense radar locked onto to US or allied aircraft, Mayville suggested the regime did not target the incoming warplanes.
The general said "radar acquisition on the part of Syria, I would characterize as passive."
The overnight operation was the first in which the US military's costly, new F-22 Raptor fighter jet was used in combat.
The general showed reporters aerial photos of targets bombed by the stealthy F-22s, with the planes unleashing precision-guided bombs on an IS command and control site in a building.
"This strike was the first time the F-22 was used in a combat role," Mayville said. He said the F-22s "destroyed" the intended target.
Phase 1 of Metro's Silver Line should reach "substantial completion" in November, the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority announced at a meeting today. But don't take that to mean it's almost ready for you and your SmarTrip.
Control of the first phase, which includes five new stations between Falls Church and Reston, will be handed over to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit authority for testing and simulation once it's substantially complete. Once WMATA's done its necessary preparation, it will announce a date for actual service to begin.
“We are looking forward to the day when passengers ride the Silver Line,” MWAA President and CEO Jack Potter said in a statement. “We are nearing the completion of Phase 1, but we will not sacrifice quality for speed. Safety and performance are always our top priorities.”
In other words: Don't hold your breath for an actual opening. The line was supposed to start running in December, but in June MWAA admitted that things would get pushed back at least to January. At that time, MWAA was anticipating an Oct. 1 handover to WMATA, plus 90 days for WMATA to prepare. Now that the handover's been pushed to November, the line presumably won't start running until February at the earliest.
WMATA spokesman Dan Stessel couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here . You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here . You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
The Dhammapada is the most widely read Buddhist scripture. This classic text of teaching verses from the earliest period of Buddhism conveys the philosophical and practical foundations of the Buddhist tradition. The translation by Gil Fronsdal is available for purchase in two versions:
Chapter Length
Introduction 4:48 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 1 4:58 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 2 3:09 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 3 2:49 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 4 3:38 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 5 3:43 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 6 3:39 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 7 2:26 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 8 3:14 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 9 3:17 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 10 3:56 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 11 2:30 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 12 2:24 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 13 2:37 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 14 3:52 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 15 2:45 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 16 2:34 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 17 3:14 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 18 4:36 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 19 3:18 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 20 3:40 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 21 3:57 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 22 3:32 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 23 3:58 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 24 7:14 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Chapter 25 5:56 [Download] Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
by Charles Adams by Charles Adams
Frederick S. Calhoun, the Chief Historian for the United States Marshal's Service, at the Department of Justice, recently wrote a 200 year history of Federal Marshals, entitled, The Lawmen: United States Marshals and their Deputies, 17891989 (Smithsonian Institute, Washington, D.C. 1989). This historical study gives a detailed account of an arrest warrant, signed by President Abraham Lincoln, in the early days of his administration. The warrant was to arrest the Chief Justice of the United States, Roger B. Taney, following his opinion in the case of Ex parte Merryman (May, 1861). The account is found in the chapter entitled, "Arrest of Traitors and Suspension of Habeas Corpus." It was taken from the private papers of the Federal Marshall, Ward Hill Laman, at the Huntington Library in Pasadena:
Taney's opinion seriously embarrassed Lincoln and his advisers. Southern sympathizers and Northern opponents of the war praised Taney as a partisan of civil liberties standing alone against military tyranny. Taney's opinion exacerbated the delicate situation in Maryland, a border state yet undecided in its commitment to the Union. According to Marshal Lamon, "After due consideration the administration determined upon the arrest of the Chief Justice." Lincoln issued a presidential arrest warrant for Taney, but then arose the question of service. "Who should make the arrest and should Taney be imprisoned?"
It was finally determined to place the order of arrest in the hands of the United States Marshal for the District of Columbia. Laman then recalls that "Lincoln gave the warrant to him, instructing Lamon to "use his own discretion about making the arrest unless he should receive further orders."
The account of the warrant to arrest the Chief Justice cannot be found in any of the innumerable Lincoln biographies or accounts of the early days of the Civil War. Since it only recently surfaced, Lincoln historians and biographers have never mentioned the story, probably because it has been outside the main stream of historical information, and hence has not been known. Once it surfaced, Lincoln apologists and Civil War gatekeepers, have been quick to attack the account as a fabrication, because Lincoln would never have done such a thing; and, it would have set off "a political firestorm," so they say; and hence, it is just too preposterous to be true.
It does seem too preposterous to be true, probably because of all the grave errors and wrongs allegedly committed by Lincoln's administration, this would rank at the top of the list. It would have destroyed the separation of powers; destroyed the place of the Supreme Court in the Constitutional scheme of government. It would have made the executive power supreme, over all others, and put the President, the military, and the executive branch of government, in total control of American society. The Constitution would have been at an end.
But as outrageous as this may appear, during those chaotic first months of the Civil War, it would not have been so unthinkable to arrest and silence Taney. The military arrested people in all walks of life. Charles W. Smith, a biographer of Taney (1973), gives this account of the scope of the arrests of civilians:
Without the sanction of law the federal government arrested men by the thousands and confined them in military prisons. The number of such executive arrests was certainly over 13,000, and it has been estimated to have been as high as 38,000 (Columbia Law Review, XXI, 52728, 1921). This policy was bitterly criticized in some quarters, but it is generally assumed that the people as a whole supported the arrest policy.
Taney's Ex parte Merryman decision, if followed by the executive branch of the government, would have given comfort to the enemy, so it was claimed, by letting an accused traitor go free. His decision was condemned, "steeped in the crown of treason," wrote one editor. The New York Times wrote that he used "the powers of his office to serve the cause of traitors." The editor of The Missouri Democrat, went so far as to suggest that getting rid of Taney "will be a good riddance for the country." Northern editors for weeks after the decision enflamed their readers with hate for Chief Justice Taney. But this attack was just plain nonsense. All the Merryman decision did, was to require the government to follow the ancient rule of English liberty  which was set forth in the Constitution  that only the Congress could take away the right of habeas corpus. That would have required Lincoln to call Congress into session, and ask Congress to suspend the right to habeas corpus. How was that so bad?
Thus Merryman decision, it was erroneously claimed, loomed as a serious obstacle to the government's policy of stamping out secessionists and secessionist sympathizers. If Lincoln obeyed the Court's order thousands of those arrested illegally would have been freed. Lincoln and most Northerners, during the war, accepted the Machiavellian doctrine that the end justified the means, when the end was to preserve the Union, and was to be achieved regardless of the Constitution and rulings of the Supreme Court. Lincoln expressed that policy to a Chicago clergyman:
"As commander in chief of the army and navy, in time of war, I suppose I have a right to take any measure which may best subdue the enemy."
Taney continued to irritate the Lincoln administration after his Ex parte Merryman decision. When Lincoln was ignoring the Supreme Court's ruling, Taney sent copies of his opinion to other judges, urging them to issue writs of habeas corpus, and many of them did, even enforcing writs against military arrests of civilians. In his circuit in Maryland, Taney delayed a number of treason trials, as it was his right to do controlling the docket, because with the passion of the times, he doubted a fair trial could be had.
No doubt Taney's obstructionism reached the ears of the President. And it was then that the plan was hatched to arrest and silence old Justice, who just wouldn't shut up. Lincoln sent a letter to Taney following his decision in the Merriman case, but the letter has never been found. (New York Herald, June 2, 1861). But that could explain why Taney told others, "The government had considered the possibility of arresting him." Someway, he got the word.
The near-arrest of the Chief Justice is not just found in the history of the United States Marshal's Service. Until recent research, there was a second account supposedly corroborating the story of the Federal Marshal Laman. This second account was in a footnote in Professor Harold Hyman's A More Perfect Union (1973), p. 86, n. 15, citing the private papers of Frances Lieber, also at the Huntington Library. Lieber wrote the Lieber Code which became the Laws of War for Northern armies. That should have been enough proof, with two independent sources. Unfortunately, the Curator at the Huntington Library reports that the Lieber papers contain no reference to Lincoln's warrant to arrest the Chief Justice. That left only the papers of Ward Hill Laman. When this became known, Laman's character was attacked by the gatekeepers, to support the theory that the whole story was a fabrication. It seems he was a heavy drinker. Lincoln's apologist could relax and maintain the whole account was a fabrication by the Federal Marshal.
Unfortunately, for Lincoln's apologists, research recently unearthed two other solid sources to corroborate the account set forth in the private papers of the Federal Marshal, Laman.
In 1887, George W. Brown, the mayor of Baltimore, later a Supreme Court judge for Baltimore, wrote in his book, Baltimore and the Nineteenth of April, 1861: A Study of War, (Johns Hopkins University, 1887) p. 90, of a conversation he had with Taney following the Merryman decision:
"Mr. Brown, I am an old man, a very old man, (he had completed his 84th year) but perhaps I was preserved for this occasion." I replied, "Sir, I thank God that you were."
He then told me that he knew his own imprisonment had been a matter of consultation, but the danger had passed, and he warned me from information he had received, that my time would come.
It did.
Eight years before in 1879, The Memoirs of Benjamin Robbin Curtis's were published. Justice Curtis was one of the most prominent lawyers in that period. He represented President Johnson in his trial before the Senate following his impeachment. Most important, he served as a Justice on the Supreme Court. He wrote the dissenting opinion in Dred Scott, which Lincoln carried in his pocket while debating with Stephen A. Douglas. He resigned from the Court after a dispute with Taney over that case. Yet he admired the Chief Justice for his Merryman decision, and makes reference to the plan to arrest Taney, calling it a "great crime."
If he had never done anything else that was high, heroic, and important, his noble vindication of the writ of habeas corpus and the dignity and authority of his office against the rash minister of State who, in the pride of a fancied executive power, came near to the commission of a great crime, will command the admiration and gratitude of every lover of constitutional liberty so long as our institutions endure. Vol. 1, p. 240.
Commenting on this, Mayor Brown wrote 8 years later:
"The crime referred to was the intended imprisonment of the Chief Justice. Although this crime was not committed, a criminal precedent had been set and was ruthlessly followed."
Brown then cites the oft quoted remark by Secretary Seward to Lord Lyons (British ambassador to the United States), boasting of his power to imprison just about anyone.
Finally, it was Secretary of State, William Seward, who signed the executive orders suspending the right of habeas corpus throughout the war, when it should normally have been the President. Curtis's account refers to "the rash minister of State," who could be none other than William Seward. History shows that it was Seward who urged the President to embark on a policy of unrestrained arrests of private citizens by the military. Most likely it was Seward who urged the President to sign the warrant to arrest Taney, and most likely on second thought, Lincoln did not permit the arrest to take place. Chief Justice Taney and Seward were bitter enemies. So much so that Taney said, if Seward were elected President, he would not administer the oath of office to him. So arresting and imprisoning Taney would have been Seward's final triumph over the Chief Justice.
And so the case stands, the Presidential warrant to arrest the Chief Justice is on solid ground. It represents just one more tough nut the apologists and gatekeepers have to live with; it cannot be swept under the rug, so to speak, as a fabrication.
The Best of Charles Adams
Andromeda is an entirely new galaxy, and exploring it can be overwhelming. Here's what you need to know to make the most out of the latest Mass Effect game.
Don't try to do everything at once
Mass Effect: Andromeda throws a lot at you from the get-go, and stopping to immediately make sense of every piece of it won't work. Take a breath, and take it one step at a time.
Prioritize your missions
Priority Ops are main missions, which you'll want to tackle now and again. Beyond that, I found that the best quests were typically under the “Allies” menu. You'll also want to make sure to do missions about Angaran politics, as these will help you appreciate your new alien neighbors. Planet-wise, I particularly appreciated the Kadaran slum quests, and Elaaden's Krogan quests. If a crew member from your ship asks you to do something, you probably should—especially loyalty missions. Finally, get crackin' on finding those lost arks, they are important.
Talk to everyone
Advertisement
NPCs out in the world have things to say, yes, but you'll want to be especially aware of your crew. Just know that your squadmates occasionally move around on your ship, so you'll want to check your map to make sure you do the rounds rounds properly. Keep an eye out for your crewmates while you explore cities, too. You can count on new dialogue after major story missions, ally missions, and anything with political or personal significance.
Check your email
There is a console on the Bridge, behind Suvi, as well as on your desk on your personal quarters. Some of the best writing and characterization happens in these emails, and they'll also contain quests / updates on missions, so don't miss them!
Advertisement
Customize your clothes
In a console on the left side of your personal quarters, you can deck out Ryder's civilian clothes.
Advertisement
You can respec
Don't like how you built your Ryder? Good news, there's a re-spec station in the back of the Medbay, on the bottom floor of your ship. You can tweak your own character (or your teammates) for some credits, not bad.
Advertisement
Look at your map
While exploring planets, your map will point out potential areas of interest, as well as tell you where missions take place.
Flirt
Advertisement
There's a reason people talk about Mass Effect romance so much. You'll note that the game will give you flirty dialogue options immediately after meeting folks, but unless you want to make a fool of yourself, don't greet folks by laying it on thick. After your initial encounter, though? If you have your eyes set on someone, pick that heart icon. Note that while some characters will demand exclusivity, others are cool with casual encounters, so tread carefully.
Mix and match abilities
While Andromeda asks you to pick a “profile,” you aren't chained to whatever abilities fall under that specific tree. If you want a combat ability, a tech ability, and a biotic ability, go nuts.
Advertisement
Bring allies you like on missions
Don't overthink individual combat strengths. Everyone is capable, so you might as well pick whoever you're fond of—you'll get to hear more of their banter and get special dialogue.
Prime combos
Certain moves can be chained together for massive damage: for example, you can start with “Pull” and immediately follow it up with “Concussive Shot” for a killer combo. Your options will depend on your specific build.
Advertisement
Use the right ammo
If your enemy has armor, use Incendiary ammo. If your enemy has a shield, use Disrupter ammo.
Dash everywhere
It's faster!
Aim for the head, or visible weak spots
This is a video game.
Look out for health and ammo containers
They are everywhere, and they will save your life/keep you out of a pickle.
Run from overworld enemies
There are a lot of errant Kett/raiders/scavengers hanging out on planets. You don't have to stop and fight all of them if they aren't a part of a quest, so feel free to just drive or dash through ‘em. Unless you want extra XP, though I got to a nice level without having to grind.
Advertisement
Stay on the roads
They are there for a reason. While you'll be tempted to use the Nomad to go through mountain ranges, more often than not, those “shortcuts” just made things infinitely more complicated and difficult.
Upgrade your vehicle
Specifically, you'll want upgrades to your shield, so you can withstand more damage, and your boosting abilities, so you can get around quickly.
Advertisement
Fast travel
Once on a planet, you can use Forward Stations to warp around on the map. Forward stations are also useful for changing your loadouts and crew, depending on the mission at hand.
Explore
Advertisement
Andromeda does hide some secrets and quests that you can't find unless you explore. In cities, make sure to visit every locale. On planets, investigate any special icons on your map, and keep an eye out for any visible phenomena in the distance. Things that might seem like ambient details might actually be something cool.
Look for anamolies
If Suvi says she detects an anomaly, it means you can scan the wider system to find something. Usually, it's raw materials, but sometimes, you'll find some other neat stuff out there.
Advertisement
Find Alec's memories
The payoff is worth it, even if the mission and initial cutscenes seem silly. Whenever you get to a new planet or locale, chances are good that there are new memories to collect.
Watch out for the water in Remnant areas
Stepping in it will wreck your shields and badly damage you.
Sell your salvage
Whenever you go to a shop, you can get some good credits by offloading salvage. You don't need it for anything, so.
Advertisement
Buy Remnant Decryption keys
The first few Remnant puzzles aren't bad, but they can become a major drag as you progress through the story. You can avoid the headaches by purchasing a special item. It's expensive, but worth it.
Make weapons and armor
Advertisement
To craft gear, you need blueprints. Some blueprints you pick up from doing quests and looting enemies and crates, but you can also make some through the “development” option on the Research Station in the middle of your ship. Blueprint in hand, you can craft whatever you'd like on the “Development” menu, provided that you have the right materials. Materials can be purchased from vendors, or mined on Forward Stations. Planets can be scanned for resources, though they will often be random. Any planet you can set foot on will tell you what specific resources it holds before you land on it, so keep an eye out for that.
All gear can be augmented with more benefits, like added power, depending on what you have on hand. Augments can also be picked up randomly, or purchased from vendors, though I did fine with what I found naturally.
Personally, I loved crafting Remnant weapons the most, because they don't require ammo and are pretty powerful. You might find other types of weapons more viable for your own playstyles, though.
Advertisement
Reclaim planets
Terraforming planets—that is, unlocking the Remnant Vaults—allows you to more freely explore hostile planets, gives you access to more quests, and also unlocks AVP bonuses.
Advertisement
Collect AVP bonuses
It's easy to forget about AVP, but remember, you always have some extra goodies waiting for you, depending on what settlers you defrost. I was partial to the traders, who gave me credits and gave me better deals at shops.
Do the movie quest
Trust me.
Earlier this week, Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure (RHCI) was named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Private Cloud Software Suites, Q1 2016 report.
The Forrester report states that Red Hat “leads the evaluation with its powerful portal, top governance capabilities, and a strategy built around integration, open source, and interoperability. Rather than trying to build a custom approach for completing functions around operations, governance, or automation, Red Hat provides a very composable package by leveraging a mix of market standards and open source in addition to its own development.”
Moreover: “Red Hat received top marks for workflow life-cycle automation, administrative portal usability and experience, permissions, compliance tracking, capacity monitoring, platform APIs, ITSM and developer tools, and configuration management tool integration.”
Speaking specifically about Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform, the report states: “Red Hat also commits to contributing all changes upstream to OpenStack rather than maintaining proprietary enhancements. Its API exposure and ability to swap out core functionalities for a long list of pre-integrated market tooling sets it apart from others in the evaluation.”
RHCI is a single subscription product that provides the essential infrastructure and management components needed to build and manage a private or hybrid private Infrastructure as a Cloud (IaaS) infrastructure. The solution includes Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization, our high-performance traditional scale-up virtual infrastructure, and, Red Hat Enterprise Linux OpenStack Platform, our scalable, production-ready OpenStack, designed for scale-out, cloud-enabled workloads.
On the management side, RHCI also includes our award-winning Cloud Management Platform, Red Hat CloudForms, as well as Red Hat Satellite, our Cloud Systems Management tool, for lifecycle management from the physical infrastructure to the tenant workload. Together these integrated components, working alongside your existing infrastructure investments, allow for a flexible path to a cloud architected for traditional scale up workloads, newer cloud-native workloads, or both. Red Hat CloudForms, I'm also pleased to share, was named a leader in the The Forrester Wave™: Hybrid Cloud Management Solutions, Q1 2016 report.
Along with many RHCI customers, we believe that we're delivering award-worthy breadth, flexibility, and enterprise-level functionality. It's exciting to receive this ranking from such a highly-ranked analyst firm. Further to this point, you might also be interested in reading a whitepaper written by IDC, and sponsored by Red Hat, entitled “Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure.”
A full copy of The Forrester Wave: Private Cloud Software Suites, Q1 2016 is now available on our website. For additional information about Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure, please visit our RHCI product page.
Excavations around the Gihon Spring in the City of David uncovered a massive 3,800-year-old fortress . Called the “Spring Citadel” by archaeologists, the discovery was part of a 19-year excavation led by Professor Ronny Reich of the University of Haifa and Eli Shukron of the Israel Antiquities Authority.
This enormous 18th-century B.C.E. structure that isolates and protects the Gihon Spring is believed to be the fortress described in the Book of Samuel that King David conquered:
The king and his men marched to Jerusalem against the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land, who said to David, “You will not come in here, even the blind and the lame will turn you back”—thinking, “David cannot come in here.” Nevertheless, David took the stronghold of Zion, which is now the city of David.
2 Samuel 5:6–7
King David said, “Summon to me the priest Zadok, the prophet Nathan, and Benaiah son of Jehoiada.” When they came before the king, the king said to them, “Take with you the servants of your lord, and have my son Solomon ride on my own mule, and bring him down to Gihon. There let the priest Zadok and the prophet Nathan anoint him king over Israel; then blow the trumpet, and say, “Long live King Solomon!”
1 Kings 1:32–34
Jerusalem lies at the heart of Biblical archaeology. In the Jerusalem Archaeology: Exposing the Biblical City , learn about the latest finds in the Biblical world's most vibrant city.The Gihon Spring was also the site where King Solomon was crowned, according to the Book of Kings:
According to Oriya Dasberg, director of development in the City of David, “The Spring Citadel was built in order to save and protect the water of the city from enemies coming to conquer it, as well as to protect the people going down to the spring to get water and bring it back up to the city.”
With 23-foot-thick walls comprised of stone blocks up to ten feet wide, the Spring Citadel represents the largest Canaanite fortress discovered thus far in Israel.
Read more about the Canaanite fortress uncovered at the Gihon Spring.
Related reading in Bible History Daily:
This Bible History Daily feature was originally published in April 7, 2014.
Hezekiah's Tunnel Reexamined
For Rent or Buy: Apartments with a Canaanite Fortress in the Basement
The Seleucid Akra: 2,200-Year-Old Jerusalem Fortress Uncovered?
is the definitive book on the City of David—the oldest part of Jerusalem—by City of David excavator Ronny Reich. Learn about the Siloam Tunnel, Warren's Shaft system, Siloam Inscription, Theodotos Inscription and Pool of Siloam in this must-read publication.
Permalink: https://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-sites-places/biblical-archaeology-sites/canaanite-fortress-discovered-in-the-city-of-david/
Cal Clutterbuck is an enigma: an on-ice fighter and an off-ice introvert. Upon joining the New York Islanders, he requested that the transcripts of his personal journal entries be made public, so fans can appreciate the physical and mental grind of the NHL season. EyesOnIsles.com has obtained exclusive rights to publish these transcripts, and will continue to do so on a weekly basis throughout the 2013-14 season. These are his own words. These are his inner musings. These are The Clutterbuck Chronicles.
(And if things aren't clear about what's going on in this space, the definition of the word ‘parody' can be found here. Now, off we go…)
In case you missed it…
Vol. 1 | Vol. 2
Wednesday, August 14
You never want to take the law into your own hands, except when you're me and you're on the ice. Then you can take the law into your own hands. But when you're me, you can also do it when you're off the ice, if the situation calls for it.
Like when someone spoiled last Sunday's episode of Breaking Bad for John Tavares. Just straight up called him and told him what happened on the show that week, because apparently, spoilers are funny when you're the one who's ruining the show for a future NHL MVP. He wasn't too upset over it, but whatever.
Johnny T doesn't watch the episodes when they air at 9:00 p.m. on Sunday nights because he's busy sleeping and dreaming about winning Stanley Cups like a true team leader.
Because that's the first step to achieving greatness: visualization. (Plus, Johnny T wakes up at like 4:00 a.m. every day to get his pre-workout workout in. It's the workout before the workout that makes him such a beast on the ice.)
Anyways, after Johnny T told me he got a phone call that ruined that week's episode for him, I took the law into my own hands. When he wasn't looking, I swiped his phone, took down the number of the last incoming call, and left a threatening voicemail for the person who effectively rendered Johnny T's DVR useless.
That voicemail may or may not have involved the phrases, “Do you know who I am?” and, “Tread lightly around Johnny T.” I don't know who was on the other end of the line since it was an automated answer, but I was sure they got the message loud and clear.
As it turns out, there's a reason you're generally not allowed to take the law into your own hands off the ice.
That threatening voicemail I left? Yeah, it ended up being for Johnny T's parents. Turns out that they like to recap each week's episode of the show over the phone with their son, and didn't realize Johnny T hadn't watched it yet.
So now I have a temporary restraining order from them.
Thursday, August 15
Looked at my phone this morning and saw 19 missed calls, 11 voicemails and 31 text messages. All of them from Matt Martin.
A sampling of the voicemails:
MM: “Bro Namath, it's Matty Marts. Just checking in, seeing how things are going. I know we laxercised for like six hours yesterday, but I figured it'd be good to catch up, you know? Maybe talk about some strategy for how we're gonna handle the first fight of the season. Like, what if Johnny T takes a dirty hit from some goon? Do you and me play rock-paper-scissors on the bench during the TV timeout to see who gets to fight that guy? I just don't want there to be any confusion about who gets to drop that dude like a bad habit. Let me know, man. Peace.”
MM: “Clutzy, me again. I was thinking maybe we just flip a coin to decide who gets to fight him. What do you think? I mean, we could each keep a coin on the bench or whatever. Think Cappy could hold one in his pocket for us? He's pretty chill. I feel like he'd hold one in his pocket for us. Thoughts?”
MM: “Yo, Teddy Broosevelt, it's Matty Marts. What size lacrosse pinnie do you wear? I'm probs gonna custom-order like 50 pinnies so we can each have a bunch to wear to the gym or to a red carpet event or to wherever. Hit me back. Lates.”
MM: “Matty Marts calling for Jon Bon Brovi….come in, Jon Bon Brovi…over. Hahaha get it? It's like I'm calling from a walkie talkie. (I'm on my phone, though.) Anyways, I'm pretty sure Cappy would hold a coin in his pocket for us, you know, for the fight thing. At least, I think he'd do it. I mean, he didn't say no, so that's a good sign, right?”
MM: “Yo, Marco Brolo…did you change your number? If you did, just have them transfer this voicemail over to your new phone. Got some important stuff to talk about: like whether you think the NHL will ever allow sleeveless jerseys. Hit me up, Clutzy.”
Saturday, August 17
Went up to Toronto this weekend to check in on my boy Johnny T and see how his workout sessions with Kyle Okposo were going. We all want Okie to get tougher, to be more assertive, and to mix it up out there on the ice a little bit this season.
On a related note: this is how Okie used to fight.
And this is how Okie fought at the end of last season.
He made that kind of progress without my help. Just wait until I can give him some pointers this year.
Anyways, when I got to The Athlete Training Center, I saw Okie standing in the middle of the parking lot, in his workout clothes, screaming, “DO YOU EVEN LIFT, BRO?” at the small children asking for his autograph.
So, I think he's headed in the right direction. Apparently now we just have to work on getting him to control his emotions off the ice.
Sunday, August 18
Breaking Bad tonight. I'll, uh…I'll be screening Johnny T's incoming calls before I leave any threatening voicemails this week.
Because live and learn.
Monday, August 19
46 days until we take the ice at Prudential Center against the New Jersey Devils, which means I have 46 days to convince the NHL to adopt a change to the scoring system before we play our first regular-season game.
I've decided that I want at least partial credit on all of Johnny T's goals this season, even if I'm not on the ice for them. Just a little something in the box score that reads, “Tavares, assisted by Moulson (feat. Clutterbuck).” Primary and secondary assists are nice, but I'm talking about a new statistic that allows grinders like me to really shine.
If Gary Bettman could make this happen before the season starts, it might make people forget about how much they dislike him. (On second thought, nah. It'd still be cool to have though.)
Think about it: a lot of what I do during a game doesn't show up on the stat sheet, but that doesn't mean I don't contribute. This whole “featuring” stat would account for the times when I:
Lay a monster hit
Get into—and win—a fight
Intimidate a referee with my luxurious mustache
Confuse an opposing goalie with my onomatopoeic last name
Am the best-looking player on either team's bench
All I'm saying is, I bring a lot to the table and not all of it shows up on ESPN's bottom line stock-ticker thingy—come to think of it, most NHL stuff doesn't show up there, but that's not the point.
Point is, it's the little things that help teams win games. And I'm here to take care of the little things so Johnny T can focus on scoring goals. Even if those little things aren't new-school sabermetric-style stats.
Yet.
Like the feature? Hate the feature? Sounds off in the comments below. Oh, and be sure to follow me on the Twitter machine so we can talk about hockey or Breaking Bad or mustaches or whatever: @MichaelWillhoft
The Indian competed in the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and Formula Renault 2.0 NEC with the Josef Kaufmann Racing team in the 2016 season, ending up ninth and fourth respectively.
For the next season, the Mumbai-based driver has chosen the F3 series over GP3, having tested with various F3 teams over the winter.
"I can confirm that I will be doing F3 in 2017," Daruvala told Motorsport.com. "I have had a few tests in the F3 car and have loved the feeling of the extra grip and downforce.
"It tends to suit my driving style and I am looking forward to being a part of an excellent championship. The decision with which team I'll race in F3 will be announced very soon.
"I missed two weeks of winter testing due to a viral infection. Hence, I will need to maximise the few days of F3 testing that I get and will [therefore] skip the [Abu Dhabi] GP3 test.
"And yes, I will be doing the TRS again with M2 Competition. I enjoyed the series in 2016."
"It is an excellent series to do in the winter and will help me gain more experience before a big step up to F3 next year."
Results in 2016 "not up to my expectations" - Q&A
So, how would you sum up your season both in the NEC and Eurocup. Results-wise, they probably not as high you would have wanted?
After having finished fifth in NEC last year and four podiums in Europe in my first year of single-seaters, I was very confident going into the 2016 season.
Yes, the results have definitely not been up to my expectations. I was definitely hoping for many more podiums and wins and to finish much higher in the championship standings than fourth & ninth respectively with one win and four podiums in NEC and the lone podium in Eurocup.
You seem to have started off well in NEC and were genuinely in contention for the title - what went wrong afterwards? And what happened in the Eurocup?
In the NEC, right till the last round at Hockenheim, I was in very close contention for second. However, after the crash in FP1, things went downhill. The team worked hard to resolve the issues and it worked smoothly in FP2.
However, in qualifying, my actuator spring broke and the gears were getting stuck, meaning I was thrown to the back of the field for a weekend having three races. It pretty much ended my challenge but despite that we missed third by just three points.
Meanwhile, the Monza weekend in the Eurocup put me back, I had excellent speed but an issue in qualifying and then a misjudgement in Race 2 under yellow flags caused it to be a forgettable weekend.
The qualifying went bad while I was in the tow of another driver, I went into the gravel as he backed off on his lap, forcing me to take evasive action. Despite that I had good pace to finish seventh in Race 1. Of course, I could have finished even higher but for a mistake I made when I went off track.
In Race 2, I started 11th and was was running fifth when I made a move on Will Palmer to fourth. However since there were double yellow flags being waved, I felt that I had wrongly overtaken him and as I backed off, we collided.
A podium was definitely on but for my mistake - and to make matters worse, due to a technical issue, I was forced to retire from Race 3. So, yes, that weekend was a turning point. However, even if I had a good weekend, I would have ended up higher in the standings but then I was never in the contention for the top spot.
Now with two campaigns done, which areas do you think you improved from 2015 to 2016 and what are the areas where you think you can improve more in future?
In 2015, my starts were very poor. I struggled to get them right but I was much better this year, though there is still scope for improvement.
Overall, I think I need to improve in every area as I am still on a steep learning curve with only two years of single-seater racing. However if I had to pick up two areas where I would like to substantially improve...
My driving in the wet needs to improve, especially driving on slicks on a damp track. Somehow in my two years of testing and racing, there have been very few wet tests days/races and I have not had the opportunity to work intensely on this aspect of my driving.
Also, when I have a bad qualifying and I am trying to make my way up through the pack in the races, I tend to presume that the driver in the mid-pack will drive in a similar manner to the guys in front.
Naturally, this does not happen and has led to a few unnecessary tangles which has cost me dearly. I will have to adapt my driving to make sure that I get past drivers in the mid-pack and ensure that I avoid an incident with them.
Your one-lap pace seems all set, do you think you have more to do in the races? And what do you make of some of the crashes and incidents you've had in the season?
I feel that my race pace is fine. However, as a team we did struggle with race pace on a few tracks. Somehow we qualified well but during the race, our tyres went off much quicker than the other teams.
So all three [Daruvala and teammates Lando Norris and Robert Shwartzman] of us struggled in those races trying to hold back drivers who were lapping half a second faster than us.
All my crashes were when I was fighting from the back or in the mid-pack, I never had issues with the drivers in the front. But yes, I could have done things differently to avoid some of them.
Overall, would you be happy with P4 and P9 in the respective standings - with six podiums and a lone win across two series? Or there was more for the taking?
I am definitely not happy with the results in 2016. Lando [Norris, NEC and Eurocup champion] was very quick right through the year, on all tracks and in all conditions. However, I felt that with the pace I had shown in FP and qualifying, I should have been fighting for top three in the championship.
Hence finishing fourth and ninth was definitely very disappointing. The number of podiums and wins, too, was not up to my expectations. So I will be putting in a huge effort over the winter to up my game for next year.
What can you say of the support from Force India?
I have all the support I need from SFI. In the junior series, they would not have too much of a direct role to play. However, they play an important role in guiding me on the series I should be driving, selection of the team, driver coach, etc. Beside that they help me work on my nutrition and fitness programme.
If you've ever found riding the subway at rush hour to be something less than graceful, you're not alone. The TTC's new promotional partnership with the National Ballet – dubbed We Move You – is drawing criticism from one organization that says it perpetuates “unrealistic and highly regimented bodies as some sort of ideal of ‘beauty.'”
An image from TTC's 'We Move You' campaign. ( ttc.ca )
The campaign, which officially launched Thursday, shows dancers from the National Ballet of Canada in photos and online videos dancing and posing in subway stations, on streetcars and in buses. But Jill Andrew, co-founder of the Body Confidence Canada Awards, worries the images send the wrong messages about what healthy, confident humans should look like. “We can't deny that there is a lot of body-based discrimination that happens … within our moves around the city,” Andrew said.
Article Continued Below
An image from TTC's 'We Move You' campaign. ( SYSTEM )
“My experience as a racialized woman, as a fat woman, I've been called an f-ing fat black b---- on the TTC,” she said. “Is this video really moving me? Is this video at all depicting me on the move?” Andrew's organization is campaigning to have discrimination based on size and appearance made illegal in Ontario. She said she doesn't disagree with promoting Toronto's vibrant arts and culture scene; she just wants to see more of a focus on imagery that represents who Torontonians really are.
An image from TTC's 'We Move You' campaign. ( SYSTEM )
“The body types of most ballet dancers do not adequately represent those of most Canadians and, I dare say, most TTC users,” she said. “This is simply an opportunity to reflect on who is being left out by an ad campaign such as this.”
Stuart Green, a spokesman for the TTC, said the commission is proud of the images, and the partnership.
An image from TTC's 'We Move You' campaign. ( SYSTEM )
“People tend to look at these campaigns as being to cross-promote the various elements that go into making Toronto a vibrant and thriving city,” he said.
Article Continued Below
Green said the TTC does similar partnerships with a wide variety of organizations, including major sports teams like the Raptors and the Toronto FC. With those promotions, which also feature talented, athletic bodies, body-image hasn't been an issue. He also pointed to the TTC's involvement with the annual Pride celebrations and the 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games.
An image from TTC's 'We Move You' campaign. ( SYSTEM )
“That's an area where there would have been a whole host of nationalities and athletic abilities highlighted,” he said. “There's a great simpatico between the TTC and a whole host of organizations. The National Ballet is just one of the organizations that we partner with to promote what we do, which is public transit,” Green said.
People
Virginia Woolf and The Sangrur Bell(e)s
MALLIKA KAUR
Expounding on “women and fiction” (and indeed the several fictions about women), Virginia Woolf's brilliant long essay, A Room of One's Own, was first published in 1929.
Woolf underscored the dependence of literary genius on freedom of thought; of freedom of thought on the free availability of space; and of space on financial freedom that buys time and space -- for the body, heart and head. Said Woolf, while noting the many obstacles in women's path to succeed as thinkers and writers and change-makers,
In the first place, to have a room of her own, let alone a quiet room or a sound-proof room, was out of the question.
Recently, the village of Chural Kalan in the Sangrur District of the state of Punjab saw 20 women beginning to feel the freedom of a room of their own. Albeit shared, and in fact not even theirs, this is a room of possibilities.
The promised room is in the courtyard of the village gurdwara (a spiritual congregation space for Sikhs), marked by a nondescript board on top of the modest doorway. The lettering is small, and as one walks up to read it, one can't help notice that the 10 pairs of sandals outside are quite worn. Making your acquaintance, the board informs: “Stitching Center, Bridge Builders (India), Kabliji Memorial Trust, New Delhi.”
Inside, there are more sandals neatly along the wall -- it was raining when the owners of these first rushed in this morning, the women explain with a smile.
“Open between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m., the Center time is just after all the household chores are done,” the stitching instructor says.
“Or temporarily dodged,” interrupts one of the students, and the room resounds with soft laughter before the women return to their quiet needlework.
Enjoying a quiet space to herself is often an impossibility for any woman -- even more so when her home is ravaged with poverty. The plight of farmers in India was cruelly again a subject of political volleyball during this past Indian election season: Facing the threat of heightened farmers' union protests, the Punjab government declared yet another suicide survey in March 2014.
Yes, the poverty in the farming community in parts of Punjab too often has led to suicide. The extent of the problem has been known to be pervasive since the 1990s, with the Punjab government first announcing allocations for compensation to families of suicide victims in 2001 (though it dithered on actual payments for the next decade).
Currently, another expert commission is considering compensation plans and debt conciliation boards, while the Punjabi farming community holds on tenuously to some hope that some of these recommendations will in fact be implemented.
Recognizing that relief for families of farmers who commit suicide is deathly slow to come -- even as cases of multiple family members committing suicide due to mounting debt continue to come to light, and nothing that even when compensatory relief is provided it does not empower women -- the Delhi-based NGO Building Bridges set up the stitching centers in partnership with Punjab's capital Chandigarh-based NGO Baba Nanak Education Society.
The partnership focuses on women, not only because they are overwhelming the forced breadwinners in the suicide-afflicted villages but also because prejudices against women and girls have deepened with economic blight. Villagers do not want to have daughters, especially in tough economic times. This makes girls, and those who birth girls, particularly vulnerable.
Gender stereotypes, masked better by the middle-class, take on a brazen face in economically distressed families. When the entire agrarian society is overwhelmed by economic frustration, women's bodies are increasingly accepted as sites of release. Respecting these bodies for their autonomy and enhancing their independence and security is at the core of the NGOs' partnership.
Although, at first blush, relegating women to needlework seems like precisely the kind of domestication that Woolf raged against even in the 1920s, where you sit is where you stand on this issue. Sitting in southern Punjab, in a context where women are seldom allowed far from their homes, a local stitching center provides a space where women can fairly easily gather. And a space to meet, work and talk together is paramount.
“Helping women find a way out, while enhancing their dignity and value in the eyes of the society around them, requires working on site, in their local contexts, building trust, building bridges,” says Rasil Basu, chair of Building Bridges and a former UN Women's Division officer.
Virginia Woolf, too, wanted to help women find a way out of stifling circumstances, but predicted criticism for suggesting that money could literally buy the freedom women need to think:
[Y]ou may object that in all this I have made too much of the importance of material things. Even allowing for a generous margin of symbolism, that 500 [pounds] a year stands for power to contemplate, that a lock on the door means the power to think for oneself, still you may say that the mind should rise above such things; that great poets have often been poor men…
But the mind can barely rise above such things when the stomach is literally empty. Bluntly put by Woolf,
And women have always been poor, not for 200 years merely, but from the beginning of time. Women, have had less intellectual freedom than the sons of Athenian slaves. Women, then, have not had a dog's chance of writing poetry. That is why I have laid so much stress on money and a room of one's own.
In the rooms that serve as Bridge Builder's stitching center, “Sangrur Bells” are the product of the season. A simple stretch of phulkari work, tied off with two small bells at the bottom, make for an attractive keychain. Phulkari, the Punjabi art inextricability symbolizing marriage and trousseaus (read: dowries), is taking on a new meaning, tied to independence.
Bright silken stitches aptly reflect resilience and new hope: a revival of Punjabi tradition often lost in these villages where bountiful meals, rosy pink cheeks and hearty people sowing hearty crops feel like things of another era. Available now at the eclectic “1469” stores across North India, “Sangrur Bells” are poised to taunt the naysayers. Meanwhile, Building Bridges seeks other creative avenues, stores and outlets to market this product.
The limitations and challenges of making local handicraft profitable is not lost on the NGO, which also measures its success in non-economic terms. It provides women a safe space for advice, discussion and support in an environment where local support systems have been eroded.
But Building Bridges and the Baba Nanak Education Society (which surveys and adopts families of farmers who have committed suicides in over 100 villages in the Sangrur area alone) are no substitute for government regulation and policy changes. Compensation, crop insurance, interest-rate caps and ultimately loan forgiveness and clean alternatives to unprofitable agriculture cannot be replaced be sewing machines and small NGO efforts.
Nonetheless, these NGO efforts are stitching together a new kind of resistance -- one that shows what women have always known but seldom been recognized for: their resilience, their self-sufficiency, their capacity.
For those who see such interventions as band-aid solutions, the NGOs concerned could not agree more. They welcome and await larger help and change. In the meantime, buying Sangrur Bells, buying the parts needed to make them, or adopting a family affected by farmer-suicide, could be our own contribution to protect women's safety, sanity and spaces.
The author is a lawyer and writer who focuses on gender and minority issues in the U.S. and South Asia.
Readers can make a tax-exempt donation here. Every donor receives a phulkari key chain.
[Courtesy: Ms Magazine]
August 22, 2014
Conversation about this article Comment on "Virginia Woolf and The Sangrur Bell(e)s" * Your Name
* Email
* City / Country
* Comments
To help us distinguish between comments submitted by individuals and those automatically entered by software robots, please complete the following. Submit Please note: your email address will not be shown on the site, this is for contact and follow-up purposes only. All information will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Sikhchic reserves the right to edit or remove content at any time.
read other articles in People
Fortunately, someone at Mojang heard the numerous questions and has an answer. Windows 10 edition and Pocket Edition are the same.
Windows Phone, or rather, Windows 10 Mobile (as will be the case here), fans have been causing a bit of a stir this weekend ever since Mojang announced an all-new Windows 10 Edition of Minecraft. The beta will launch in the Windows Store on July 29, but the biggest question has been what it will mean for phones.
"That means that MCPE is going to get a lot of features, and that Win10 and MCPE players will be able to play together :)"
"I'm going to say this because the drama is already too much: Windows 10 Edition is MCPE, and will always be updated together with it!"
So, worry ye not. If you already have Minecraft: Pocket Edition, it's going to get a whole lot more awesome after July 29. If you want to play on Windows 10 PC you'll still need to download Windows 10 Edition, either for free or $10 depending on whether you currently play or not.
Those guys and gals at Mojang are alright.
Update: Since it still seems to be confusing some folks, being the same doesn't mean they're a Universal App for Windows 10. PC players will need to get Windows 10 Edition either by free upgrade if they currently play Minecraft on PC or buy it for $10 if they're new. The above tweets confirm that Pocket Edition players will get updates to bring it in line with the Windows 10 Edition thus creating the same game on mobile. It will still be a separate purchase as is indicated at this time. Minecraft: Pocket Edition is also available on Android and iOS and it's safe to assume these versions will also become on par with the Windows 10 Edition.
via WindowsPhoneApps.es
MANILA, Philippines - For local entrepreneurs, doing business in the Philippines remains a long, slow and complicated process. The Philippines ranked 138 out of 185 countries in the World Bank and IFC's Doing Business 2013 report, slipping 2 notches from 136 ranking in the previous year.
The report, "Doing Business 2013: Smarter Regulations for Small and Medium-Size Enterprises," noted the Philippines did not implement any institutional or regulatory reforms to make it easier for small and medium enterprises to do business in the past year.
Click image to enlarge.
Singapore topped the ranking of business-friendly economies. Among Asian countries, the Philippines ranked near the bottom of the list, ahead only of Micronesia (150), Laos (163) and Timor-Leste (169).
Starting a business in the Philippines is one of the most complicated in the world, ranking 161 out of 185.
The Philippines continues to lag behind other countries, especially members of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) which have showed the biggest improvements in starting a business between 2009 and 2012.
"Consider the process for starting a business. In New Zealand it requires only 1 procedure and 1 day and costs 0.4% of income per capita; in the Philippines it takes 16 procedures and 36 days and costs 18.1% of income per capita," the report said.
While it takes 16 procedures for an entrepreneur to start a business in Manila, in Canada and New Zealand it only takes one day. The only countries that have more procedures than the Philippines are Equatorial Guinea with 18 and Venezuela with 17.
The Philippines is also one of the countries that make it difficult when it comes to securing construction permits, with 29 procedures that take an average of 84 days. Other countries that had more procedures are Russia with 42, Malaysia with 37 and India with 34.
The report also showed the process of resolving insolvency in the Philippines is one of the slowest and most expensive in the world (165 out of 185). The Philippines was ranked the fourth most difficult based on recovery rate (how many cents on the dollar creditors recover from an insolvent firm), as well as most expensive with costs reaching 38% of the estate value.
The Doing Business report also showed it takes 5.7 years to resolve insolvency in the Philippines, making it one of the slowest in the world. Only Mauritania (8 years), Sao Tome and Principe and Angola (6.2 years) and Cambodia (6 years) took longer to resolve insolvency.
On the other hand, the Philippines ranked as one of the countries that had the lowest cost per container for exporters at $585 per container.
Overall, the World Bank said local entrepreneurs in developing countries are finding it easier to do business than at any time in the last 10 years. Since 2005, the average time to start a business has fallen from 50 days to 30.
"Over the years, governments have made important strides to improve their business regulatory environment and to narrow the gap with global best practices," said Augusto Lopez-Claros, Director, Global Indicators and Analysis, World Bank Group, in a statement."While the reforms we measure provide only a partial picture of an economy's business climate, they are crucial for key economic outcomes such as faster job growth and new business creation."
For the 7th year in a row, Singapore topped the global ranking on the ease of doing business. The top 10 with the most business-friendly regulation were Hong Kong SAR, China; New Zealand; the United States; Denmark; Norway; the United Kingdom; the Republic of Korea; Georgia; and Australia.
Three Texas brewers have teamed up to challenge restrictions on craft beer distribution.
Chip McElroy, owner of Live Oak Brewing in Austin, Michael Peticolas, owner of Peticolas Brewing Company in Dallas, and Rhett Keisler, owner of Revolver Brewing in Granbury, TX, held press conferences on Dec. 10 to say that they would be filing a major property rights lawsuit against the state concerning compensation for distribution rights.
You can read the full complaint on the Institute of Justice's website here.
A brief summary on the reasoning behind the suit has also been released by the Institute:
“Before 2013, distributors would pay brewers for the right to sell their beer in markets like Houston or Austin. But Texas made it illegal for brewers to accept compensation for their distribution rights—distributors pay nothing for something potentially worth millions—creating a windfall for distributors. Even worse, distributors can then sell those rights to other distributors and pocket the money. Brewers have traditionally reinvested this money to grow their breweries.
This law has nothing to do with protecting consumers. It is a transfer of wealth from brewers to distributors. But the Texas Constitution protects the property rights and economic liberty of entrepreneurs. Brewers should get to keep the value of the businesses they built.” – Institute for Justice
Keisler, in an email to Bitch Beer, talked about his reaction to the passing of the 2013 beer laws and his decision to file this suit.
“Our reaction was utter dismay and a feeling of helplessness. It is well documented that almost everyone testified against Senate Bill 639, but that didn't stop it. We felt the bill would never pass, but we were wrong,” said Keisler.
“We believe the current law, which prohibits Texas craft brewers from selling their own territorial rights, is unconstitutional and has no place in a State that traditionally prides itself on open and free markets. It should say something about this case that the Institute for Justice, a champion of economic liberty, has taken up our cause.”
Fellow DFW brewer Peticolas spoke on how his brewery came together with Live Oak and Revolver to challenge the law.
“The genesis of this was in the last legislative session,” said Peticolas in a phone interview. “When the laws were passed, it really ignited a spark in a lot of Texas brewers. These three brewers [Live Oak, Revolver and Peticolas] took more offense than others.”
Peticolas, an attorney turned brewer, also expressed his frustrations with the restrictions in the 2013 beer laws passed in the Texas Legislature.
“When I talk to people about the laws, they're as dumbfounded as I am. They ask,'how is it that the brewer has to give away their rights, but the distributor can sell theirs?” said Peticolas.
When asked how much money was potentially lost during the time after the laws were passed to prevent the selling of distribution rights, Peticolas said that much of that information would be difficult to find and ultimately confidential, but that it would likely be significant.
However, Peticolas isn't looking for financial damages.
“We're not seeking money, it's not about that. I'm just seeking out the rights that I lost.” he said.
Keisler also stated that he is not looking for compensation, focusing instead on getting the restrictions lifted.
“We want this law declared unconstitutional. If the law is struck down, then we can have normal, free-market negotiations with distributors. Let the market decide if our territorial rights have value. We want to get our beer to craft beer drinkers in other Texas towns and this law hinders our ability to do so by forcing us to give away something for free in order to expand. This law limits the craft beer consumers' choice and is not pro-business,” said Keisler.
You can see Bitch Beer's posts from the passing of the 2013 Texas beer laws here and here.
-Wendy
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ever wondered why the plane passenger next to you, hiding behind sunglasses and nursing a vodka tonic, wasn't very ­chatty?
It could be because they were DEAD.
The bizarre techniques that ­cabin crew have used for dealing with people who die in-flight are ­revealed in a BBC documentary about British Airways, reports the Sunday People.
A ­woman trainer tells a roomful of recruits: “Many years ago we used to give them a vodka and tonic, a Daily Mail and eye shades and tell ­passengers they were fine.
“We don't do that any more. Now you would cover them in a blanket up to their neck.”
Under no circumstances should they put corpses in the toilets.
The trainer says: “In a nice easy world, if somebody dies, which someone dying on an aircraft isn't, you put them back in their seat.
"I know crew who had to sit next to somebody who had passed away for the rest of the flight.
“The main thing is you cannot block a door, you cannot put a dead passenger in a toilet.
“It is not respectful and also they are not strapped in for landing.”
Explaining the difficulties of removing the body once rigor ­mortis sets in, the trainer says: “If they slid off the toilet and you land they will end up on the floor and they have to take the aircraft apart to get that person out.”
The documentary also reveals the high standards demanded by BA, who are recruiting younger, cheaper cabin crew.
A year's wages for a hostess are barely more than the top-price £9,500 Clubworld ticket to LA.
A Very British Airline, BBC2, 9pm on Monday
Love Teaser Trailer: Netflix and Judd Apatow Take on Relationships
Judd Apatow, Paul Rust and Lesley Arfin are bringing an unflinching, hilarious and excruciatingly honest take on modern relationships to Love, a new Netflix original series, which will debut all 10 half-hour episodes on Friday, February 19. Netflix has made a two-season commitment to Love, which debuts with 10 episodes in 2016 and 12 the following year. Check out the Love teaser trailer below, along with a first-look image in the gallery!
Love follows nice guy Gus (Paul Rust from I Love You, Beth Cooper and Inglorious Basterds) and brazen wild child Mickey (Gillian Jacobs) as they navigate the exhilarations and humiliations of intimacy, commitment, and other things they were hoping to avoid. Jacobs is best known for her role as Britta in the critically-acclaimed series “Community.”
Dave Allen (Bad Teacher), Steve Bannos (Bridesmaids), Chris Witaske (“W/ Bob and David”) and singer Chantal Claret (Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival) also feature as recurring characters.
The half-hour comedy series is produced by Apatow Productions and Legendary Television, and created and written by Apatow, Rust and Arfin (“Brooklyn Nine-Nine,” “Girls”). Brent Forrester (“The Office,” “The Simpsons”) will executive produce.
Absolver 1.08 Update
Hi everyone!
We've just pushed the Halloween 1.08 update, so here is a fresh update on production! PC version is up for both Steam and GOG, PS4 version will come very soon, as it need a little more testing.
The main objective of this update is to start giving better long term rewards for players who invest time and effort in Combat Trials:
The loot system has been reworked with the introduction of Rift Coins and Rift Disks: magical artifacts that will give items of various rarity levels.
The Prestige system will give rewards to players beyond level 60: Crystals are awarded at each Prestige level, which can be used to reassign Attribute Points and buy Rift Disks. Prestige levels are also displayed in Combat Trials intro videos.
We have updated the inventory with a new “sort” and “salvage” features allowing players to better manage their inventory and convert equipment pieces into Fragments, which can then be used to repair equipment i.e. convert “Aged” into “New”
This update is only a first step; we will develop these new systems further in the weeks to come, with other uses for Crystals and Fragments to be introduced: changing colors of equipment, purchasing specific items, changing the character's appearance, acquiring new emotes…
Further down the line, we will also implement systems for competitive players, with leaderboards and ranked games – we are still working on the exact plans for this, but we will update as soon as we know more!
The art team has also kept busy, with new equipment sets, Absolver capes, and 6 new Halloween-inspired masks, dropped by Marked Ones, and also found in Rift Disks. To go with the spirit of the season, we have also created new temporary “night” settings for PvP maps! Since our last update we have also put a lot of effort into fixing as many bugs and issues as possible, mostly related to gameplay and network connection. Full release patch notes are below with additional details.
Two more things:
The game will be at a 20% discount on Steam for the duration of the Halloween sale, so if you have friends who were hesitant about getting the game, you can tell them that now might be a good time :)
We know that many players want to know when the 3v3 game mode is going to be released: we won't give a precise date today, but it will be in November for sure, and we should give a more precise timing in the coming days. Stay tuned!
Thanks for your support,
Sloclap Team
1.08 UPDATE RELEASE NOTES
NEW CONTENT
Prestige levels unlocked after level 60
Rift Coins replace random loot drops in Combat Trials
Rift Disks allow getting rarer equipments and weapons
Win Crystals at each Prestige level
Spend Crystals to reset attribute points
Spend Crystals to acquire Rift Disks
Inventory management: Sort by, Salvage and Repair.
New equipment:
4 new sets
3 new Absolver Cloaks
9 new masks, including 6 Halloween masks dropped by Marked Ones
1v1 maps are now in night mode (temporary)
New “Bald” haircut available at character creation!
DESIGN UPDATES
Parry :
Almost all attacks, including thrust attacks, now require a specific parry direction to be countered (exceptions: Hadrunken, Obvious Slash and bare-hands Rush Attack for Stagger style)
Rush :
Decrease rush acceleration
Closer rush camera
Rush attacks: increase stun duration
Rush attacks: decrease knockback
Note: These are first steps to address fleeing behaviour.
Rush attacks were intended to counter players fleeing, but until now the player hit by a rush attack had the time to rush again directly after. With a longer stun and shorter knockback for the rush attacks, and a slower acceleration for the rush, the issue should be less present.
Also the new rush camera is closer to the character, so the player has not the whole vision of their surroundings, and it feedbacks more clearly when the character is rushing.
Camera :
The camera position is now lower when close to walls.
Shockwave :
Range 230cm -> 280cm (as before 1.06) BUT knockback now depends on distance to caster (from 280 when close to the caster, to 84 when at the limit of the range)
Items :
Added rarity levels to all equipments
Updated drop rates (Rift Coins and Rift Disks)
BUG FIXES
Dog Accidentally Ran The Maryland Half Marathon
LOL!
This energetic dog was totally overwhelmed with excitement when he saw the thousands of runners racing by his house, and he decided he couldn't miss out on what ever it was they were hurrying to.
Dozier, the three-year-old Goldendoodle, joined the pack. Runners reported seeing him at several points along the route. The pup crossed the finish mark with other runners — clocking in at 2 hours and 14 minutes!
Dozer├óΓé¼Γäós owner, meanwhile, had no idea what happened to him and began a frantic search. The dog finally made it home, but not until Monday morning!
His feet were muddy and he was limping a bit. But according to a vet he's just fine.
The race benefitted the University of Maryland Medical Center's Greenebaum Cancer center.
[Image via umms foundation.]
If you took all the pomp and spectacle out of American Football and boil it down to a few key moments, you'd have Frozen Endzone (or a Melted Endzone, if you're being pedantic). You'd also need to randomise the pitch and player positions, make it turn-based, and add robots, but the shoulder pads, balls, and tactical tosses are ripped straight from the playbook.
Playing Frozen Endzone is like watching a coach's game-changing scrawl come to life: each game begins with two teams of five facing off on a randomised pitch of high and low walls, with the attackers running down the screen to the Endzone. Each bot on the field is controlled by placing waypoints for them to follow, drawing out routes through the series of random walls the game generates. Depending on the side, you're either hoping to set-up a glorious series of snaps that'll end with a touchdown, or positioning players to arrest the attacking team's goal charge.
Endzone is a simultaneous turn-based game: you make your move and the server syncs the game with whomever is on the other side. It enables you to contemplate all the possibilities, with the tactical editor enabling you to test out your plans and what you imagine your opposition will do before committing to the move. Each move ticks along until something happens, or a small amount of time has passed, and the first play sets a lot of the action up. If you pass the ball, you'll leave yourself with a few options; running right away means that the ball will always be in that player's possession. So it's best to pass and plan, to snap the ball across the level, and set up moves and feints that allow you to bypass the opposition's positioning, because the moment the ball-runner is tackled or the ball is in the opposition's hands, it's game-over.
Though it's the beefier cousin of Mode 7's tactical combat game, Frozen Synapse, the granular control you had over the combatants in that game has given way to bigger, less conservative moves: you can currently only make decisions over when to toss the ball and when and where the players run. The bots take care of catching, intercepting or blocking according to the context, so all you're really concerned with is the overall structure of the play, which needs to take consider those randomly-generated walls: both styles of wall blocks the bot's movement, and while high walls block everything, low walls will allow the ball to pass over. I've won games by tossing a ball from one of the pitch to the other, thanks to the luck and a handy placement of low walls. It's that sort of moment that never regularly occurred in my games Synapse, but one I've seen a few times in Endzone: players seem likely to attempt something ludicrous, because they are already robots with shoulderpads so why not?
It becomes a game of positional consideration, with the occasional moment of subterfuge. A static player will always block a moving player, and you can use that to clog up pathways, but you can always just pretend to send a player down one section of the level, snapping another direction and hoping the plan holds. If you're playing as part of a series, it's not always best practice to aim right for the Endzone: small glowing tiles on the pitch will give you extra points if you manage to tag them with the ball runner, and there are larger tiles called "midzones", that can end the game early if you run into them with the ball runner. It is possible, as I've found out to my cost, to lull the opposition into thinking you're going for an easy victory before turning away at the last moment and aiming for Endzone.
The beta is out now, and it's expected to last a year. It's impressively solid: there's already online matchmaking and overall leaderboards in place, and I have four games from random challengers sitting in my menu waiting for a move. Mode 7 have stated they'll be adding plenty of customisation options, including modes that will allow for bots to have different stats. Buying into will gain you an extra beta key for a friend, and with the mature platform Mode 7 have, it can only improve.
The US national team stunned Ghana early and late, with plenty of suffering in between, to exact World Cup revenge with a Group G-opening 2-1 win on Monday.
Clint Dempsey staked the US to a quick lead, which held until the late going. Unbowed, the team regrouped to cap an imperfect performance with a perfect ending.
As a periodic reminder: the ratings are given on a scale with "6" representing an average performance. All marks are also relative to time played, meaning a 90-minute "7" is more impressive than a "7" given for a 15-minute shift.
Tim Howard (7) - The US netminder mostly came up big, despite needing to make just two saves. Howard raced off his line to make a big play in the 13th minute, eagerly claimed five crosses and added a strong punch. He gets dinged a half-point for getting beaten by a blistering finish while leaning far-side.
Fabian Johnson (6) - It was a solid showing from the right back, despite the fact that he watched so much of the play from the quieter flank. His lone demerit came on the Ghana goal, when he was burned for falling asleep for a second on Andre Ayew. Johnson didn't get forward often, but caused trouble nearly every time he did, including a hard-fought corner kick win to help set up the Brooks decider.
Geoff Cameron (7) - The Stoke City ace, who led all players with 14 clearances, was monstrous over the final half hour and is probably the one player on that side who can't be faulted on the goal. Cameron also pitched in with one big block and a smoothly successful last-man challenge in the late going. On the negative side, the center back got away with badly losing his mark on both 17 and 56 minutes.
Matt Besler (6.5) - Before leaving at halftime with an injury, Besler was largely solid at the back. His positioning and help defense kept things tidier than they could have been. Aside from a bad giveaway near halftime, the Sporting KC defender moved the ball well.
DaMarcus Beasley (5) - The left back did not match his defensive intensity from the Nigeria friendly, leaving crossers on his side far too much space. He did improve in this area after the break, though. Beasley typically moved the ball along safely without great impact.
Kyle Beckerman (7) - The Real Salt Lake grinder came up with a strong physical outing that was a key to victory. Beckerman repeatedly made plays around the US box, from big interceptions to cool pressure valve passes. His importance was elevated with Bradley struggling in front of him and the team allergic to possession.
Alejandro Bedoya (7) - One of six World Cup debutants in the lineup, Bedoya was the ignition switch to nearly every first half rush after the opening goal. The Nantes man dribbled across seams, coolly shipped outlets to the wing on the pivot and put dangerous balls into the box. After intermission, he turned into a defensive workhorse.
Jermaine Jones (5.5) - It was not a great first half from Jones, who seemed positively timid by his standards. Though his touch to Dempsey rung up a cheap assist, he failed to provide Beasley ample help before halftime and also was found slow to close down distance shooters in his zone after it. The second frame was better and he did finish the game exerting more influence.
Michael Bradley (4.5) - His most uncharacteristic US showing in a long, long time. Bradley managed to nudge his grade up a little after the winner, but there was a lot worth scratching your head before that. The Toronto FC star was among the culpable on the Ghana equalizer, one of several occasions when shots were generated too freely through his zone. There were also bad giveaways and missed tackles, and ultimately here's hoping this was an aberration obscured by victory.
Clint Dempsey (7) - The skipper went missing for long stretches, but expertly displayed his value on both goal plays. First, Dempsey exploited a sleepy Ghana defense to artistically bag the opener. Then, after absorbing a kung fu kick to the nose, Deuce slyly dragged two defenders into no-man's land to free Brooks for the winner.
Jozy Altidore (6) - Though he barely had a chance to make an impact in 23 minutes, Altidore certainly looked willing before pulling up lame. Even with the three points, USMNT observers will be sweating the path out of group play if he's ruled out.
Coach Jurgen Klinsmann (5) - There are many layers to this grade, let's start with the good. There's no doubt the team came to battle and fought to the end. His backline choices and the decision to start Beckerman almost entirely paid off.
On the other hand, the diamond midfield was again highly ineffective, ceding 62 percent of the ball to Ghana. When they had possession, there was little organization. In a bad omen for this group, the left side was particularly generous in the defensive end. The early goal and Altidore injury changed things unexpectedly, but the US is not likely to get out of this group playing rope-a-dope, if only because of the physical toll required.
Speaking of muscle aches, the coach's decision not to bring a backup target forward is already costing the team. All in all, it's not unfair to say the team won despite the overly tiring gameplan.
Subs:
Aron Johannsson (5) - The AZ hitman didn't adequately spell old teammate Altidore as a hold-up player and that's what was sorely in need as dictated by the situation.
John Brooks (7) - The green center back's first action was a clearance whiff that could have turned fatal. After that, Brooks turned into a boss. In addition to forcefully nodding home the winning goal (and the priceless reaction that followed), the Hertha Berlin prodigy also pitched in with seven clearances and some key tackles.
Graham Zusi (7) - This space is not a big fan of out-swinging corner kicks. But hey, if you're going to hit them as textbook as Zusi did in the waning moments, we'll take it. The Sporting Kansas City midfielder also did some good build work, but considering the circumstances, his headlines will all be about the clutch assist.
What are we to make of Edward Snowden? I know what I once made of him. He was no real whistleblower, I wrote, but “ridiculously cinematic” and “narcissistic” as well. As time has proved, my judgments were just plain wrong. Whatever Snowden is, he is curiously modest and has bent over backward to ensure that the information he has divulged has done as little damage as possible. As a “traitor,” he lacks the requisite intent and menace.
But traitor is what Snowden has been roundly called. Harry Reid: “I think Snowden is a traitor.” John Boehner: “He's a traitor.” Rep. Peter King: “This guy is a traitor; he's a defector.” And Dick Cheney not only denounced Snowden as a “traitor” but also suggested that he might have shared information with the Chinese. This innuendo, as with Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction, is more proof of Cheney's unerring determination to be cosmically wrong.
The early denunciations of Snowden now seem both over the top and beside the point. If he is a traitor, then which side did he betray and to whom does he now owe allegiance? Benedict Arnold, America's most famous traitor, sold out to the British during the Revolutionary War and wound up a general in King George III's army. Snowden seems to have sold out to no one. In fact, a knowledgeable source says that Snowden has not even sold his life story and has rebuffed offers of cash for interviews. Maybe his most un-American act is passing up a chance at easy money. Someone ought to look into this.
Snowden's residency in Russia has been forced upon him — he had nowhere else to go. Those people who insist he should come home and go to jail lack a healthy regard for the rigors of imprisonment. After a while it can be no fun. Snowden insists that neither the Russians nor, before them, the Chinese have gotten their grubby hands on his top-secret material, and indeed, this fits with his M.O. He has been careful with his info, doling it out to responsible news organizations — The Post, the New York Times, the Guardian, etc. — and not tossing it up in the air, WikiLeaks style, and echoing the silly mantra “Information wants to be free.” (No. Information, like most of us, wants a home in the Hamptons.)
My initial column on Snowden was predicated on the belief that, really, nothing he revealed was new. Didn't members of Congress know all this stuff and hadn't much of it leaked? Yes, that's largely true. But my mouth is agape at the sheer size of these data-gathering programs — a cascade of news stories that leads me to conclude that this very column was known to the National Security Agency before it was known to my editors. I also wrote that “No one lied about the various programs” Snowden disclosed. But then we found out that James Clapper did. The director of national intelligence was asked at a Senate hearing in March if “the story that we have millions or hundreds of millions of dossiers on people is completely false” and he replied that it was. Actually, it was his answer that was “completely false.”
1 of 156 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The best editorial cartoons of 2013 (so far) View Photos A collection of cartoons from around the country. Caption A collection of cartoons from around the country. Rob Rogers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Snowden is one of those people for whom the conjunction “and” is apt. Normally, I prefer the more emphatic “but” so I could say “Snowden did some good but he did a greater amount of damage.” Trouble is, I'm not sure of that. I am sure, though, that he has instigated a worthwhile debate. I am sure that police powers granted the government will be abused over time and that Snowden is an authentic whistleblower, appalled at what he saw on his computer screen and wishing, like Longfellow's Paul Revere, to tell “every Middlesex village and farm” what our intelligence agencies were doing. Who do they think they are, Google?
But (and?) I am at a loss to say what should be done with Snowden. He broke the law, this is true. He has been chary with his information, but he cannot know all its ramifications and, anyway, the government can't allow anyone to decide for himself what should be revealed. That, too, is true. So Snowden is, to my mind, a bit like John Brown, the zealot who intensely felt the inhumanity of slavery and broke the law in an attempt to end the practice. My analogy is not neat — Brown killed some people — but you get the point. I suppose Snowden needs to be punished but not as a traitor. He may have been technically disloyal to America but not, after some reflection, to American values.
Read more from Richard Cohen's archive.
Is Ruth Marcus really so desperate to ‘even the scales' that she's claiming that the phrase “privatizing Social Security” is “incendiary” language that amounts to deception? Is she so ignorant of this debate that she doesn't know that it was the preferred language of the advocates of privatization for more than two decades until they found out it wasn't polling well enough during the first two years of the Bush administration?
And it's apparently a big lie to say that Florida retirees would be in a big jam right now if John McCain had had his way right now and privatized Social Security because under McCain's and Bush's plan current retirees and those a few years from retirement wouldn't be affected. So in other words, from when McCain instituted the plan five years ago it wouldn't have affected those now drawing benefits or just entering the system. Or wait, McCain's not even president yet, right? So, true, presumably it wouldn't apply right now in 2008 to anyone in advance of McCain's even being in office and putting through his plan.
The point is that there's no end of special pleading and candidate hand-holding when the topic is the privatization of Social Security. And even the prestige columnists appear completely innocent of the details of how the proposed changes would work.
The flying pips, shattered shells and wet shrapnel still haunt farmer Liu Mingsuo after an effort to chemically boost his fruit crop went spectacularly wrong.
Fields of watermelons exploded when he and other agricultural workers in eastern China mistakenly applied forchlorfenuron, a growth accelerator. The incident has become a focus of a Chinese media drive to expose the lax farming practices, shortcuts and excessive use of fertiliser behind a rash of food safety scandals.
It follows discoveries of the heavy metal cadmium in rice, toxic melamine in milk, arsenic in soy sauce, bleach in mushrooms, and the detergent borax in pork, added to make it resemble beef.
Compared to such cases of dangerous contamination, Liu's transgression was minor, but it has gained notoriety after being picked up by the state broadcaster, CCTV. The broadcaster blamed the bursting of the fruit on the legal chemical forchlorfenuron, which stimulates cell separation but often leaves melons misshapen and turns the seeds white.
The report said the farmers sprayed the fruit too late in the season and during wet conditions, which caused the melons to explode like "landmines". After losing three hectares (eight acres), Liu said he was unable to sleep because he could not shake the image of the fruit bursting. "On 7 May, I came out and counted 80 [burst watermelons] but by the afternoon it was 100," he said. "Two days later I didn't bother to count any more." About 20 farmers and 45 hectares around Danyang were affected. The fruit could not be sold and was instead fed to fish and pigs.
Farmers claim forchlorfenuron can bring the harvest forward by two weeks and increase the size and price of the fruit by more than 20%. Agricultural experts say forchlorfenuron has been widely used in China since the 1980s. Some said it was unsuitable for this fruit, but there was probably little health risk.
"In general we don't suggest chemicals with plant hormones be used on watermelons, as they are very sensitive. They might end up looking very strange and people will not want to buy them," said Cui Jian, director of the vegetable research institute at Qingdao Academy of Agricultural Science. "The taste won't be as good and storage is more difficult, but it should not harm anyone's health."
Environment groups say the overuse of agricultural chemicals is a problem that goes beyond growth stimulants.
Pan Jing of Greenpeace said farmers depended on fertilisers because many doubled as migrant workers and had less time for their crops. This dependency was promoted by state subsidies keeping fertilisers cheap. "The government is aware of the environmental problems caused by chemical fertiliser, but they are also concerned about food output."
Many farmers grow their own food separately from the chemically-raised crops they sell. "I feel there is nothing safe I can eat now because people are in too much of a hurry to make money," said Huang Zhanliang, a farmer in Hebei.
Concerns about food safety have lingered despite government promises to deal with the problem after six babies died and thousands became ill because of melamine-tainted milk in 2008.
The authorities appear to have mixed feelings about the role of the media and public opinion in naming and shaming culprits. In the wake of the melamine scandal, police jailed one of the parents, Zhao Lianhai, who had set up a website to expose the problem and appeal for justice. Recently, however, officials have encouraged coverage of food safety issues.
Zhang Yong, head of a new cabinet-level food safety commission, praised the media's "important watchdog role".
In the past week, the People's Daily website has run stories of human birth control chemicals being used on cucumber plants in Xian, China Daily has reported Sichuan peppers releasing red dye in water, and the Sina news portal revealed that barite powder had been injected into chickens in Guizhou to increase their weight.
More alarming still was a study by researchers at Nanjing Agricultural University that estimated a tenth of China's rice may be tainted with the cadmium, a heavy metal that can affect the nervous system. This caused a stir when it was published earlier this year in the pioneering Caixin magazine.
Many wary consumers choose to buy foreign products, which are seen as safer. But this is also vulnerable to mislabelling. The Fruit Industry Association of Guangdong province told reporters this week that "most 'imported' fruit are grown in China".
Fighting deflation with unconventional fiscal policy
Francesco D'Acunto, Daniel Hoang, Michael Weber
The Eurozone faces zero inflation paired with low economic growth. With monetary policy hobbled by the zero lower bound, it is time to think more broadly. This column discusses the theoretical and empirical evidence on ‘unconventional fiscal policy'. Such policies aim to increase growth and inflation in a budget-neutral fashion, while keeping the tax burden on households constant.
In his Marjolin lecture on 4 February 2016, Mario Draghi asserted that “there are forces in the global economy that are conspiring to hold inflation down” (Draghi 2016). Eurostat confirmed that in February 2016 the annual inflation rate for the Eurozone was -0.2% (Eurostat 2016). On 10 March 2016, the ECB board agreed upon a set of largely unexpected monetary policy measures, with the aim of boosting inflation and growth in the Eurozone. These measures were inspired, among others, by thoughts in Bernanke (2010) and Blanchard et al. (2010).
The conundrum the Eurozone faces is finding a recipe to support inflation and ultimately consumption and economic growth in a setting in which traditional monetary policy measures are not viable, and governments cannot support growth with fiscal spending because of their large debt-to-GDP ratios. In this column, we discuss an alternative to monetary interventions, which we call unconventional fiscal policy.
Unconventional fiscal policy aims to increase growth and inflation in a budget neutral fashion, while keeping constant the tax burden on households.
Unconventional fiscal policy
Feldstein (2002) introduced the notion of unconventional fiscal policy measures at times of liquidity traps. Among several possible interventions Feldstein proposed:
A series of pre-announced increases in the value-added tax (VAT) to generate consumer price inflation, and hence increase private spending via intertemporal substitution.
In his words: “This [VAT] tax-induced inflation would give households an incentive to spend sooner rather than waiting until prices are substantially higher.”
The intuition for this proposal is based on a simple logic: announcing higher prices in the future will increase current inflation expectations. Higher inflation expectations at times of fixed nominal interest rates should reduce real interest rates (Fisher equation), and lower real interest rates should increase households' incentives to consume rather than save (Euler equation).
Because imposing higher VAT reduces households' wealth – especially poorer households' wealth – and might affect households' labour supply, lower income taxes (or transfers for those households that do not pay any income tax) should accompany the increase in VAT.
Designed this way, the policy measure would be budget-neutral for the government, as well as for households. It would incentivise households to consume immediately, jump-start the economy, and hence help the economy exit the slump. In his presidential address to the 2011 American Economic Association Annual Meeting, Bob Hall (2011) reiterated Feldstein's ideas, and encouraged further research to understand the viability and effects of unconventional fiscal policy, both theoretically and empirically.
In the US, the proposal of announcing a national sales tax to take effect on a specified date in the future to quicken up the recovery at times of economic downturns was advanced at least since 1991, in an op-ed for the New York Times by Matthew Shapiro (Shapiro 1991). In Shapiro's words, “How would such a proposal work? […] Consumers, anticipating the tax increase, would accelerate their purchases, particularly of durable goods. This would stimulate the economy immediately, though there would be no immediate direct impact on the deficit."
Theoretical underpinnings of unconventional fiscal policy
Discretionary fiscal policy is often rejected as a tool for business cycle stabilisation. It is less desirable than conventional monetary policy because of implementation lags, larger permanent deficits resulting in higher long-term interest rates and distortionary future taxes, and higher marginal propensities to save out of a temporary tax cut (i.e. lower (old) Keynesian multipliers). At the same time, fiscal policy might stimulate demand at times when conventional monetary policy is not viable. Feldstein (2003) stresses that discretionary fiscal policy does not need to rely on questionable income effects, but could fully operate through an inter-temporal substitution channel by increasing private incentives to spend. Higher inflation expectations lead to higher consumer spending today. Unconventional fiscal policy can be expansionary and, at the same time, avoid budget deficits.
The first theoretical formalisation of Feldstein's proposal was in Farhi et al. (2013). The authors show unconventional fiscal policies, including higher future consumption taxes, can completely offset the zero-lower-bound constraint on nominal interest rates by generating consumer price inflation without distorting production decisions. When higher future consumption taxes meet cuts to income taxes, the economy can reach a first best outcome, despite the distortionary nature of income taxes. Overall, unconventional fiscal policies counteract deflation and spur economic growth at times of low output gaps. Crucially, they do not worsen the governmental budget, and they keep constant the tax burden on households. The only mechanism at play is the inter-temporal substitution of consumption. These measures should be more relevant for durable and storable goods, which represent a large share of households' consumption bundle.
Empirical evidence on unconventional fiscal policy
In a recent paper (D'Acunto et al. 2016), we test empirically for the effect of unconventional fiscal policy on households' willingness to purchase goods through the inflation expectations channel.
We exploit a natural experiment. In November 2005, the newly formed German government unexpectedly announced a three-percentage-point increase in the value-added tax (VAT) effective in January 2007. The narrative records show the VAT increase was imposed to consolidate the federal budget and avoid a procedure of infringement of the Maastricht Treaty by the European Commission. As expected, the announcement of the VAT increase was a large positive shock to German households' inflation expectations. It should have resulted in higher consumption expenditure, as long as nominal interest rates did not increase sufficiently to leave real rates constant. The ECB did not change interest rates to offset this policy choice in Germany, as suggested by the narrative records on the ECB's decision-making process.1
To construct a viable counterfactual to German households' behaviour after the shock, we look at households in other EU countries for which we obtained micro data (France, Sweden, and the UK). A concern is these households might not behave similarly to German households. Figure 1 provides evidence that foreign households did in face behave similarly to German households before the shock, in November 2005.
Figure 1. Inflation expectations and readiness to spend on durables: Germany vs. foreign
We construct a difference-in-difference identification strategy. We compare the willingness to purchase of German households with that of foreign households, both before and after the VAT tax increase shock. To run the analysis at the household level, we match German households with similar foreign households before the announcement of the VAT increase in November 2005. The matching is based on the propensity score, estimated with observables that are homogenously elicited across countries through the harmonised questionnaire of the EU Directorate General for Economic and Financial Affairs. We test formally that German and foreign households are indistinguishable across the matched observables after the matching.
In January 2006, German households were 3.8 percentage points (s.e. 1.5 percentage points) more likely to be willing to purchase durable goods compared to before the shock, and compared to the matched foreign households. The effect built up in 2006. Figure 2 reports the size of the monthly estimated effect over time. The effect peaked at 34 percentage points in November 2006. The average treatment effect dropped to zero in January 2007 once VAT actually increased and higher inflation materialised.
Importantly, we do not detect any reversal of the positive effect of the VAT shock on the willingness to purchase durable goods after January 2007. German households behaved similarly to matched foreign households not exposed to the shock before the announcement of the VAT increase and also after the actual increase. Different to measures like fiscal stimulus which aim to spur purchases of durable goods worsening the government budget (e.g. Mian and Sufi 2012), we find an income effect cannot explain these results.
Figure 2. Change in the readiness to spend on durables: German vs foreign households
What should the ECB and European governments do?
The theoretical and empirical research discussed above has clear-cut implications for policymakers. These implications are especially relevant at times of low inflation and low growth, paired with the non-viability of conventional measures of monetary and fiscal policy, as is currently the case in the Eurozone. A series of pre-announced VAT increases and a simultaneous reduction in income taxes – or direct transfers for those households that do not pay income taxes – would result in a predictable increase in inflation without inducing additional uncertainty.2 They would increase consumer spending hence growth today, and would not lead to higher budget deficits, all while keeping the total tax burden of households unaffected. Ideally, the last of the series of increases in VAT becomes effective after the end of the liquidity trap when conventional monetary policy has regained power. The governments should reverse the tax changes during normal economic times to keep the gunpowder try for the next economic slump.
These measures should be easier to implement in a consensus-based institutional setup like the current European Council compared to other fiscal and monetary proposals. They could satisfy both the instances of central and northern European countries, which do not want to allow for higher budget deficits in the Eurozone, as well as the instances of southern countries, which want to exploit fiscal policy to spur growth without further increasing the high tax burden on households. Because these measures do not involve monetary easing and open a path to future interest rate increase, they would not be opposed by the banking, corporate, and household sectors of central European countries.
If Mr. Draghi wants to counteract the “forces that are conspiring to hold inflation down,” Eurozone governments and the European Council might be his best allies after all.
References
Bernanke, B (2010), “Monetary Policy Objectives and Tools in a Low-inflation Environment”, In speech at a conference on Revisiting Monetary Policy in a Low-Inflation Environment, Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, October, Volume 15.
Blanchard, O, G Dell'Ariccia, and P Mauro (2010), “Rethinking Macroeconomic Policy”, Journal of Money, Credit and Banking 42 (6), 199-215.
D'Acunto, F, D Hoang, and M Weber (2016), “Unconventional Fiscal Policy, Inflation Expectations, and Consumption Expenditure,” available at SSRN
Draghi, M (2016), “How Central Banks Meet the Challenge of Low Inflation”, Marjolin Lecture.
Eurostat (2016), “Annual Inflation down to -0.2% in the Eurozone”, Press Release Euro Indicators.
Farhi, E, I Correira, J P Nicolini, and P Teles (2013), “Unconventional Fiscal Policy at the Zero Bound”, American Economic Review 103(4), 1172-1211.
Feldstein, M (2003), “A Role for Discretionary Fiscal Policy in a Low Interest Rate Environment”, In: 2002 Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City Annual Conference volume, Rethinking Stabilisation Policy.
Hall, R (2011), “The long slump”, American Economic Review 101(2), 431-469.
Mian, A and A Sufi (2012), “The Effects of Fiscal Stimulus: Evidence from the 2009 ‘Cash for Clunkers' Program”, Quarterly Journal of Economics.
Shapiro, M (1991), “Economic Stimulant: Sales Tax”, New York Times, OP-ED, 16 December.
Endnotes
[1] In the words of the president of the Bundesbank at the time, Mr. Axel Weber: “We know what the
effects of the VAT increase are; as is the case for oil prices, we do not consider one-off effects."
[2] European governments have implemented direct transfers to selected groups of taxpayers and non-taxpayers in the last two years, which were not counteracted by higher VAT taxes to neuter their effect on the government budget (e.g., see the “Renzi bonus” in Italy).
Photo: Sundance Institute
Update: A response from Kirby Dick, the writer and director of the film, has been appended to this article.
The Hunting Ground, a documentary that aired on CNN Sunday night after garnering a great deal of publicity on the festival and campus circuits, tells some horrific stories about sexual assaults on college campuses, and in doing so it raises a number of important, damning questions about how campus administrators handle rape allegations. Unfortunately, it also presents some extremely questionable research about campus rape in far too credulous a light.
(Updated with a statement from Kirby Dick, the film's director, at the bottom.)
It's probably important to get our controversies straight here. One set of criticisms leveled against The Hunting Ground has to do with its portrayal of an alleged rape involving Harvard Law School students. Both Emily Yoffe of Slate and a group of 19 HLS professors have argued that the film misrepresents the facts of that incident in important ways.
The social-science issue is separate, and it involves Dr. David Lisak, a retired clinical psychologist who has greatly influenced current anti-campus-rape efforts — his research has even been cited in materials published by the White House. Twenty-five minutes into the film, he lays out his general theory of the campus-rape problem: “The vast majority of men don't rape, won't rape, haven't raped,” he says. “So when you start looking at, then, the rapists who are committing these crimes, it is the repeated offenders who are the core of this problem.” Text appears onscreen: “Less than 8% of men in college commit more than 90% of sexual assaults.” Additional text below cites the source for these numbers: a 2002 paper by Lisak and Dr. Paul M. Miller.
This claim marks an important tone-setting moment in The Hunting Ground, and it's important to understand its ramifications. If Lisak, who is presented in the film as an authority on the subject of campus rape, is correct and the “core” of the campus-rape problem is serial offenders, then addressing campus rape mostly means targeting a very small slice of hardened predators who are committing an astounding proportion of the assaults that occur on a given campus. Obviously, attacking a rape problem like this would be different from attacking a rape problem in which assaults are distributed across a wider set of perpetrators.
But Lisak and Miller's 2002 paper, published in Violence and Victims, is the only research providing empirical support for such an extreme version of this serial-rapist theory. And to call that paper “controversial” doesn't capture the half of it.
Here's the short version: Miller and Lisak's data are drawn from surveys conducted of 1,882 men at UMass-Boston, a commuter school with no campus housing in which the men were asked if they had ever raped someone or attempted to rape someone. This was not a group of traditional undergraduates — the average age of those surveyed was 26.5, with the range running from 18 all the way to 71. “More than 20% were over age 30, and nearly 8% were over 40,” the authors noted. Most of these men probably weren't full-time students, since UMass-Boston is largely oriented toward part-timers. Moreover, as Robby Soave of Reason reported in July, it's not even clear that all of the men surveyed were even students at all. Lisak and Miller didn't collect their own data, but rather adapted data that had been previously collected by other researchers for other purposes over a number of years prior to the publication of their paper. These researchers had handed out surveys at “main pedestrian traffic points on campus” at UMass-Boston (respondents who filled out a survey got a few bucks for their efforts) but, according to Soave's reporting, never checked whether the respondents were actually students, because for the purposes of the data they were collecting it didn't matter.
Setting aside the fact that it's unclear how many non-students were surveyed, it's also hard, from the point of view of understanding campus rapists, to even interpret the rapes that were reported, given UMass-Boston's lack of campus housing and campus social life like the sort found at more traditional schools. If a 29-year-old part-time commuter student says that, yes, in his life he has raped someone, that obviously doesn't make the rape itself any less egregious, but it's difficult to assess whether the rape can be seen as connected to his life as a college student at all. It would be a stretch, in other words, to describe him as a “college” or “campus” rapist without knowing more. The authors themselves certainly seemed to understand that: “There is not a single statement in the paper about assaults taking place on or near a campus; there is not a single reference to the campus environment,” wrote Linda M. LeFauve, who has also raised important questions about Lisak's research in Reason.
In short, Lisak and Miller's study has very little to do with the conversation about sexual assault The Hunting Ground is concerned with. The respondents were older, differed in meaningful ways from “traditional” college students, and may well have been mostly reporting rapes that had nothing to do with college anyway. From a research perspective, it's often dangerous to extrapolate the results of a single survey to a broader population; in this case, to say the UMass-Boston numbers can be applied to college students on the whole is quite irresponsible, especially in light of the lack of other published findings that back up Lisak's serial-predator theory. “I am not familiar with any research that corroborates or replicates David Lisak's findings,” Christopher Krebs, a well-known sexual-assault researcher at RTI international, said in an email.
And yet this baseless statistic caught on, spread like wildfire, and has been cited not just by the White House and the producers of The Hunting Ground, but by countless other activists and academics as well. As Yoffe has pointed out, Lisak has contributed to the misunderstanding by propagating the notion that his research can be extrapolated to the broader college population, despite the fact that he and Miller explicitly cautioned that their research “cannot be interpreted as estimates of the prevalence of sexual and other acts of violence” on a campus or anywhere else because of the lack of a random sampling procedure. (Lisak downplayed this caveat to Yoffe as “a standard disclaimer for any study.”)
In addition to the numerous problems with the Lisak-Miller study, a more recent, rigorous attempt to understand campus rapists turned up very different results anyway. In July, JAMA Pediatric published a paper by a group led by Dr. Kevin M. Swartout that highlighted the popularity of the serial-perpetrator theory and the thinness of evidence behind it (“Although the serial rapist assumption is widely taken as fact by politicians and the popular press, it appears to be premised on a single source”), and then proceeded to use the “2 largest existing longitudinal samples of college men's sexual violence,” each sample drawn from students at one university (both in the same region of the country) and adding up to 1,645 respondents total, to test that theory.
Swartout and his colleagues looked at their data in a slightly different way than Lisak and Miller did; they found that of the men in their sample who committed at least one completed act of penetrative rape (about 11 percent of the sample), 75 percent only did so during one academic year. “Although a small group of men perpetrated rape across multiple college years, they constituted a significant minority of those who committed college rape and did not compose the group at highest risk of perpetrating rape when entering college,” the authors write. Therefore, their data suggest that “at least 4 out of 5 men on campus who have committed rape will be missed by focusing solely” on serial offenders of the sort highlighted by Lisak and Miller. No one survey can tell the whole story, of course, but these numbers strongly suggest a more sophisticated, nuanced approach is needed.
This gets to the heart of why Lisak's viral zombie statistic is so damaging: It simply leads people astray. No one is arguing that serial sexual predators don't exist in college settings. But there's startlingly little evidence for Lisak's claims that they commit the vast majority of rapes on campus. Rather, it appears that for whatever reason — and this is where further research is so crucial — many men in college are capable of committing rape in a “limited” (for lack of a less terrible term) manner. And yet for years, Lisak and Miller's paper has served as a flashing neon light pointing researchers and activists in what is very likely the wrong direction. This could go down as a major scientific misstep.
The Hunting Ground's producers aren't the first people to have become morbidly enamored with David Lisak's serial-rapist theory, but it's unfortunate, given the reach and influence of their film, that they did.
Update: Kirby Dick sent Science of Us the following statement: “Every statistic in our film is accurate, including the statistics on repeat offenders, and nothing in this article proves otherwise. Moreover, no individual or institution has asked us to retract a single fact error in the film. Singal's headline “The Hunting Ground Uses a Striking Statistic About Campus Rape That's Almost Certainly False” is itself false. The statistic the headline refers to is that ‘8% of college men commit more than 90% of sexual assaults.' That statistic is completely consistent with the data from the two studies conducted on college repeat offenders (Lisak and Swartout). Singal could have easily confirmed this if he had reached out to me for comment.”
When I first listened to “The New Norm,” the première episode of the second season of the NPR radio show “Invisibilia,” I had to turn it off for my own safety. “Invisibilia” is about the unseen forces that shape our lives; this unseen force, a podcast, was shaping mine. I was walking down East Seventh Street—construction, bright sunshine, skateboarders, traffic cones, TV-shoot electrical cords, more construction—and listening to a story about an oil rig so harrowing that I had to pause it. I needed my wits. I didn't want to fall down a sidewalk hatch while listening to a man gently describing an industrial accident.
“Invisibilia” has always been compelling to listen to; in its second season, it has grown more ambitious. That piece, which shocks us at first with violence and then with the efficacy of a program in which, for safety's sake, macho oil-rig workers examine their fears, open up to one another, and cry, was the first by the show's new co-host, the veteran author and journalist Hanna Rosin, who joins the founding hosts, Alix Spiegel and Lulu Miller, who were founding producers of, respectively, “This American Life” and “Radiolab.” In addition to hiring Rosin, they've broadened their focus.
I'd been surprised to learn that Spiegel and Miller had wanted to change anything about “Invisibilia.” For one thing, the outstanding first season, released on the heels of the first season of “Serial,” was a blockbuster. On a panel last February, David Carr erupted with excitement when Spiegel said that “Invisibilia” had about twelve million downloads. (“Holy shit!” he said. “You're like a czar!”) It now has more than fifty million downloads. Also, it was already plenty ambitious. Season 1 used interviews with exceptional people to explore themes that you could extrapolate in many directions: how expectations affect performance, for example, or the power of how we think about our own thoughts. We would have been content if the czars had kept doing what they were doing. If I could have had them adjust anything, it might have been the tone; to my ears, the first season suffered a bit from an excess of “Radiolab”-ian sound wizardry and an excess of whimsy. Perhaps in part because I've been listening to some shaggier podcasts lately, the confidence and sophistication of “Invisibilia” now feel refreshing, and either the whimsy-wizardry levels have improved or I've just about made peace with them. (I'm still undecided about the episode-ending dance parties, which tend to follow moments of wrenching insight and can be tonally jarring. And I love a dance party.)
I recently spoke to Spiegel and Rosin on the phone. (They're based in Washington, D.C. Miller was travelling.) “Last season, we had a lot of stories about neurological extremes,” Spiegel told me. “What we wanted to do this season is take the frame and show how it operates in more ordinary settings, in the world you actually inhabit. And take on bigger, more mainstream stuff.” Adding Rosin has helped enable that shift. One episode is about terrorism; one questions the premise of solutions; one is about frames of reference; one is about the first all-girls debate team in Rwanda. “The New Norm,” Spiegel said, with the oil rig, “is obviously about masculinity and norms in the workplace.”
“But also it's about Shell and McDonald's,” Rosin said.
The McDonald's story is about the first McDonald's in Russia, which opened in 1990, and what happened when its workers were trained to smile, violating a cultural norm. (“We have a lot of proverbs,” Yuri, an interviewee, says. One is “If you smile without a reason, it's a sign of idiocy.”) The segment looks at Russian and American norms, exploring the relationship between the server and the served: in the Soviet Union, service providers weren't in the business of pleasing customers. The notion that that would change was emblematic of a much bigger cultural shift.
As before, the episodes this season encourage a sense of possibility. “The Personality Myth” discusses Walter Mischel's famous marshmallow test (sweets, kids, delayed gratification, fate), gets us to consider the idea that personality is a construct, and explains that the marshmallow test does not determine one's future but highlights an idea—self-control—that can teach people to change their future. Much of the episode centers on prisoners who have been convicted of violent crimes. “The Problem with the Solution” explores the role of solution-finding in caring for people with mental illness. Its segments range from a personal story about Miller's sister to an examination of a town in Belgium in which households board a person with mental illness, accepting the person without judgment, anxiety, or the desire to change him. These households often board the person for decades—happily, it seems. One host whose boarder twists buttons off his clothing every day sews them back on so he can do it again tomorrow; the show implies that this acceptance is the main “solution” he needs. (I liked this, but found myself wondering about cases of mental illness more severe than button-twisting.) The terrorism episode will consider “non-complementarity”: behavior that forces a change in perspective and thus a change in behavior. “If you're warm to me when I'm cold to you, it's inherently unstable,” Spiegel told me. “It acts as a forcing mechanism.” Last week's episode, which very effectively used a story about Asperger's to address frames of reference, was so fascinating that I nearly pulled off a dirt road to text my friend that she needed to listen to it immediately. (More perils of podcasts in motion.)
But in considering “Invisibilia” itself, I wonder, as I often have in the past few years, whether we've come to expect the encouraging and the counterintuitive from entertaining long-form journalism. I very much want to live in a world in which opening up to one another allows men on oil rigs to improve their safety record to a staggering degree, and in which warmly acknowledging the humanity of terrorists forces a change in their behavior. Yet being encouraged by journalism to expect the unexpected, or to expect practical, ingenious, warmhearted solutions to seemingly intractable problems—what Miller has called “when duct tape solves the ethereal sadness”—makes me a little skeptical. The refreshing look-at-it-this-way! approach that we associate with Malcolm Gladwell, Freakonomics, popular-science writing, and NPR can be unnervingly pleasurable to read or listen to: it can feel like more sugar than we need to make the medicine go down. I brought this up to Spiegel and Rosin.
“Let me challenge the premise of your question,” Spiegel said. “Or could we flip it and say that journalism has a bias toward darkness. And the world is actually a much more diverse place than that.”
“But does radio have that bias, do you think?” Rosin asked her.
“I think journalism has that bias,” Spiegel said. When she first heard the Dave Isay-produced StoryCorps pieces on “Morning Edition,” she said, “I was like, these are so sweet. But at a certain point I began to see it as a corrective to the rest of journalism. Because there is so much love in the world. But it's really hard to do a story about fuckin' love. It just is. Or, you know, normal interaction. There is lightness and darkness in all things, and I feel like both are reflected in our show.” I hadn't thought of it that way.
“This is interesting, because we don't set out to do this, so why is it happening?” Rosin asked.
“I think that it's a more realistic read of the way the world is,” Spiegel said. “It's not one or the other. Like even in a rapist you can find genuine beauty.” The personality episode hinges on the question of whether, essentially, an interviewee serving time for a rape conviction is a bad person, and what the idea of being a bad person even means. Spiegel said that journalism tends to have all sorts of biases: “A bias toward the new, a bias toward darkness and drama. And it's not an accurate reflection of the world in any way.”
I suggested that the StoryCorps stories aren't just sweet: they're often about love despite extreme hardships.
“But it's also like, this guy just really fuckin' likes his wife,” Spiegel said.
“But does an ‘Invisibilia' story generally preference this duality—struggle and then redemption?” Rosin asked.
“Well, I do think that ‘Invisibilia' has a bias toward optimism,” Spiegel said. “If you had to boil the moral down, it's people can change, people can change, and people can change.” We see many of the concepts it covers as “fixed and stuck,” she went on. “But these concepts are made by people.” Norms are, too. “The concept of personality, or the belief systems around your thoughts. We don't see them. We don't understand how they're acting on us. But if we can see them, and we can understand how they're acting, they're not inevitable.” Journalism tends to be about finding answers and locking them down, she said; the focus of “Invisibilia” is about how conceptual systems, emotional systems, and physical systems interact, and the “volatility of the interaction, and how dynamic it is.”
This people-can-change theme, if you're open to it, is extremely powerful in “Invisibilia,” in part because of the intimacy of the form. Hearing the voices of the show's subjects—the men on the oil rig; Yuri, who was trained to smile at McDonald's; the doctor with Asperger's who realizes that she's been perceiving reality differently from her peers for her entire life—can hit you hard. They share affecting personal experiences in a plainspoken way that can bring you to tears. For me, part of the accumulated message of “Invisibilia” is that I can change. That's very exciting, because I've lived with myself for forty-three years and have accumulated some compelling evidence to the contrary. (During the oil-rig piece, I thought, If these macho strongmen can cry in front of each other, maybe I, the sensitive type, can stop being such a closed-down grump with people who make me grumpy, and try communicating when that approach might be more helpful.) And the people-can-change message, combined with the second season's mightier ambition—the focus on systems, societies, norms, and the world we actually live in—can lead us to understand more intuitively and meaningfully that systems can change. This is especially encouraging, because we've got some institutions that desperately need changing. They seem stuck, rigid, impossible, but, if we see them, understand them, and work hard to change them, maybe they will. I'm going to ponder that over a dance party.
You can see the broader trends easier when you break it down into just three categories. In Reid's first two seasons, he culled the longstanding veterans and added a bunch of new players -- rookies like Donovan McNabb and free agents like Jon Runyan. But during the celebrated run of four NFC Championship games, Reid maximized stability and growth and minimized turnover. You can also see clearly the mini-rebuild he embarked upon following the disastrous 2005 campaign. However, you'll note that while first and second-year starters spiked, the number of starters who'd been in Philly for seven years or more stayed flat. Reid had kept longstanding veterans like McNabb, Runyan, Brian Westbrook, Brian Dawkins, and Tra Thomas while rebooting with youngsters like Todd Herremans, Mike Patterson, Trent Cole, Jamaal Jackson, and Sean Considine.
What's fascinating is the third wave, another rebuild that started in 2010 but never really ended. Before the 2010 season, the Eagles had moved on from stalwarts like McNabb, Dawkins, Westbrook, Runyan, and Thomas. The problem is that as they eliminated those players, the replacements never came into their own. Some young players stepped in, like DeSean Jackson and LeSean McCoy. But guys like Nate Allen and Danny Watkins fizzled. Free agents were brought in by the boatload in 2011 to shore that up, but they caused more problems than they solved. In Reid's last two years, half of the starters were basically new to the team -- more than double the amount during the 2001-2004 run.
Here's another related graph, showing the number of starters in each year who have either been with the team for two years prior or were actually starters for two years prior:
Wal-Mart Warehouse Workers Move Ahead in Fight for Justice
(Walmart Image via Shutterstock)
Warehouse workers from Wal-Mart distribution centers in metropolitan Chicago and southern California took two big steps this week toward enforcing laws on working conditions and wages, fighting retaliatory firings, and ultimately forcing Wal-Mart to live up to its responsibilities as an employer.
Working through Warehouse Workers for Justice, workers at the Elwood, Il, distibution center—reputedly Wal-Mart's largest with 3 million square feet of space—filed suit against Eclipse Advantage and Schneider Logistics for firing roughly 65 workers on December 29. In November, some of these workers had sued the two companies for violating state and federal wage and hour laws, such as not paying a minimum wage or premium pay for overtime in many cases.
The new amendment to that suit filed on February 1 claims that Schneider and Eclipse as "joint employers" failed to give the required 60-day notice of a mass layoff required by the federal WARN Act.
Although Wal-Mart owns the building, according to WWJ organizer Mark Meinster, Schneider contracts to operate the warehouse and sub-contracts with staffing agencies like Eclipse to provide part of the workforce, and Eclipse or other firms may further subcontract for supply of labor. Beyond trying to maximize its flexibility, "it's a shell game to avoid responsibility," Meinster says.
Previous lawsuits aided by WWJ at the Elwood plant targeted the immediate employer, such as Eclipse, but the current legal action insists that Schneider exerted direct and indirect management of Eclipse workers, who at times worked side by side with employees hired directly by Schneider.
Attorney Chris Williams anticipates that the legal discovery process will provide hard evidence of what Meinster asserts--that Wal-Mart managers are also present on the site and are involved in or oversee mangement of the multi-tiered workforce. Ultimately Williams anticipates adding Wal-Mart as a defendent, opening the door to holding Wal-Mart responsible.
"Today we are saying that Wal-Mart has to take responsibility for labor in its supply chain," Meinster said, as WWJ filed its new claim under WARN. "Wal-Mart benefits from these workers' labor, and it's Wal-mart that can ultimately fix the problem and pay these workers what they're owed."
On the same day that the Chicago-area workers took action, federal district court judge Christina Snyder announced a ruling in a similar case in California that strengthens warehouse workers' cause. Snyder issued an injunction prohibiting Schneider Logistics and three staffing sub-contractors from firing workers as planned later this month in what the workers and their organization, Warehouse Workers United, claim is retaliation.
In October, shortly after the state Division of Labor Standards Enforcement found massive recordkeeping violations at Wal-Mart's Mira Loma warehouse, workers filed a class action suit for injunctive relief and damages. Then, following a meeting in which witnessess said a supervisor told workers they would be "destroyed" if they supported the suit, one of the subcontractors announced it was ending its contract and would lay off all its workforce.
The judge's injunction, which treated the workers' testimony as credible, laid out reasons why she thought the plaintiff workers would prevail in court with their arguments that they worked for joint employers, that they were fired in retaliation for their actions on workplace violations, and that they suffered risk of irreparable harm if dismissed.
"This decision is a great victory for workers," said WWU organizer Guadalupe Palma. "They will retain their jobs. But the problem is the industry itself. This is just a first step."
The other steps will take continued nerve and solidarity. "The moment anyone puts his hand up to complain," WWU attorney Janet Herold said, "they're fired or disciplined." But Daniel Lopez, a warehouse worker for Wal-Mart in Mira Loma, Calif., has a strong moral motive for acting. "If something is wrong, it's not right to stay quiet."
It's a sentiment echoed in Elwood. Ill, by Terrance Smith: "There's such a thing as justice, and we're seeking it."
Solar Brand: A truly intense experience This past weekend I drove from my home in Austin, Texas, to Phoenix, Arizona to visit a friend. I needed to get away from all of the madness, and sadness, that was lingering here. When I first talked to Rome about the possibility of visiting, he asked if he could brand me. I didn't know much about it, only seen about two videos (one of them his) and read a short article on ModBlog once about it, but I said yes anyway. Of course, I did what research I could before I left. However, there's not a lot out there ... This past weekend I drove from my home in Austin, Texas, to Phoenix, Arizona to visit a friend. I needed to get away from all of the madness, and sadness, that was lingering here. When I first talked to Rome about the possibility of visiting, he asked if he could brand me. I didn't know much about it, only seen about two videos (one of them his) and read a short article on ModBlog once about it, but I said yes anyway. Of course, I did what research I could before I left. However, there's not a lot out there ... read more
My First Solar Brand Being very fair skinned, meaning it is impossible for me to get a tan. Ever. I have always had a healthy respect for the sun. It was this respect that made me very curious about solar branding. A tecnique of branding in which the suns rays are concentrated through a crystal sphere into a stenciled image on the skin. I first heard about this method a few years ago from Andrew S. of Las vegas. It was during his sun gazing fast that he had the idea of this sterile form of branding. After testing the procedure on himself and getting ... Being very fair skinned, meaning it is impossible for me to get a tan. Ever. I have always had a healthy respect for the sun. It was this respect that made me very curious about solar branding. A tecnique of branding in which the suns rays are concentrated through a crystal sphere into a stenciled image on the skin. I first heard about this method a few years ago from Andrew S. of Las vegas. It was during his sun gazing fast that he had the idea of this sterile form of branding. After testing the procedure on himself and getting ... read more
Do you smell something? my branding experience i've been pierced. i've stretched. i've been tattooed. i've been cut. next on my list was branding. i've known for a long time that i wanted a brand, but i wasn't sure of the design. several possibilities had been floating around in my head, but none of them seemed right. i narrowed it down to two choices, then realized that one of the first ideas i had come up with was the right one. i would be branded with the rune Uruz. it's a very simple design, just straight lines, and very symbolic. it represents the wild energy present in ... i've been pierced. i've stretched. i've been tattooed. i've been cut. next on my list was branding. i've known for a long time that i wanted a brand, but i wasn't sure of the design. several possibilities had been floating around in my head, but none of them seemed right. i narrowed it down to two choices, then realized that one of the first ideas i had come up with was the right one. i would be branded with the rune Uruz. it's a very simple design, just straight lines, and very symbolic. it represents the wild energy present in ... read more
scarification to date I forget how I first discovered scarification. possibly though the knife play and medical areas of BDSM, possibly the time I saw a girl with a fall arm scar, or possibly though interest in tattooing and looking at links for 'weird tattoos'. At first I thought the idea weird, but gradually grew to like it, much like anything good. in my young teenage years I had self harmed, I also collected (and still do) bladed instruments, from straight razors, to knifes, swords and scalpels, and felt very comfortable with a sharp tool in my hand. I've also conducted some minor ... I forget how I first discovered scarification. possibly though the knife play and medical areas of BDSM, possibly the time I saw a girl with a fall arm scar, or possibly though interest in tattooing and looking at links for 'weird tattoos'. At first I thought the idea weird, but gradually grew to like it, much like anything good. in my young teenage years I had self harmed, I also collected (and still do) bladed instruments, from straight razors, to knifes, swords and scalpels, and felt very comfortable with a sharp tool in my hand. I've also conducted some minor ... read more
My Strike Branding Experience I had been a fan of BME for about a year before I decided to look into getting a scarification of my own. In everything I read and all the photos I saw I realized a few things. Getting a skin removal scar was not going to happen, the first reason being nobody in my area was attempting this type of modification and I wasn't sure I could handle a skin removal process. This led me to the branding area of scarification so I did my research, watched videos, looked at pictures of the healing process and pretty much knew ... I had been a fan of BME for about a year before I decided to look into getting a scarification of my own. In everything I read and all the photos I saw I realized a few things. Getting a skin removal scar was not going to happen, the first reason being nobody in my area was attempting this type of modification and I wasn't sure I could handle a skin removal process. This led me to the branding area of scarification so I did my research, watched videos, looked at pictures of the healing process and pretty much knew ... read more
My First Scarification Since I was young I have always been interested in body modification, always wanting to go bigger and further than what is considered normal and pushing my body beyond what I think I can handle. I was 18 years old at the time when I decided I wanted to go beyond the numeral surface cuttings that I have had, I wanted a permanent planned scar. Knowing that this would probably be even more permanent than a tattoo I took my time deciding what exactly I wanted and where. I chose a three sided yin-yang, a sign of my BDS&M lifestyle, ... Since I was young I have always been interested in body modification, always wanting to go bigger and further than what is considered normal and pushing my body beyond what I think I can handle. I was 18 years old at the time when I decided I wanted to go beyond the numeral surface cuttings that I have had, I wanted a permanent planned scar. Knowing that this would probably be even more permanent than a tattoo I took my time deciding what exactly I wanted and where. I chose a three sided yin-yang, a sign of my BDS&M lifestyle, ... read more
D.I.Y Scarification Experience. (The begining of my own being my own person.) Ever since I was little, it was drilled into my naive brain that piercing and tattoos were disgusting and trashy, so, of course I believed it. Any time I saw a piercing, I'd think, "Ew. That's sick." Especially say, nose piercing. The same went with tattoos. I always thought they were stupid and ugly. A few years later, I went to middle school. Yep, as most would tell you, it changes your views on everything. Many girls we're "Goth" and scene they wore black dresses with red bows. I thought they were ugly and stupid, but then after listening to ... Ever since I was little, it was drilled into my naive brain that piercing and tattoos were disgusting and trashy, so, of course I believed it. Any time I saw a piercing, I'd think, "Ew. That's sick." Especially say, nose piercing. The same went with tattoos. I always thought they were stupid and ugly. A few years later, I went to middle school. Yep, as most would tell you, it changes your views on everything. Many girls we're "Goth" and scene they wore black dresses with red bows. I thought they were ugly and stupid, but then after listening to ... read more
Self scarred hearts From the first time I saw scarification on BME I really liked this type of modification. I have always liked the look and feel of scars, I think they can be very beautiful. However I didn't know if I would ever get any done personally and was very scared about the prospect of someone cutting me. After considering it for a while I decided I wanted to do scarification on myself. I would be much more comfortable cutting myself than having someone else do it because I have self harmed for quite a few years so I feel I know ... From the first time I saw scarification on BME I really liked this type of modification. I have always liked the look and feel of scars, I think they can be very beautiful. However I didn't know if I would ever get any done personally and was very scared about the prospect of someone cutting me. After considering it for a while I decided I wanted to do scarification on myself. I would be much more comfortable cutting myself than having someone else do it because I have self harmed for quite a few years so I feel I know ... read more
Musings After My Scarification I was scarred by Brian Decker on October 31, 2009 during his visit to Austin, Texas. My scarification is of a blue jay. It is placed on the left side of my torso; it is approximately eight by four inches; and it is incredibly detailed. The process lasted just over four hours. Decker used cutting, skin removal, and shading techniques. As time progresses and I surpass the five week mark of being scarred, I keep reflecting on all the things I failed to realize before Brian Decker removed some of my skin... As far as cleaning: I washed my scar ... I was scarred by Brian Decker on October 31, 2009 during his visit to Austin, Texas. My scarification is of a blue jay. It is placed on the left side of my torso; it is approximately eight by four inches; and it is incredibly detailed. The process lasted just over four hours. Decker used cutting, skin removal, and shading techniques. As time progresses and I surpass the five week mark of being scarred, I keep reflecting on all the things I failed to realize before Brian Decker removed some of my skin... As far as cleaning: I washed my scar ... read more
Videos can play an important role in Apple's growing music subscription business, according to Eddy Cue, who says setting Apple Music apart from the competition needs hosting more than music.
Cue, who is senior vice president of Internet Software and Services at Apple, spoke on Monday evening at Recode's Code Media conference.
"It's one of the differentiating factors we can add to Apple Music," he said, adding in its 15 months, the subscription service has grown beyond 20 million users, making it one of the fastest-growing services.
One way Apple is introducing videos to Apple Music is through the upcoming launch of its reality TV show, "Planet of the Apps." The show is being produced by Propagate Content and the tech giant and centers around app developers.
Participants will make an elevator pitch — in this case while descending down an escalator instead — about their iOS app ideas to a panel of judges. If they are successful in impressing the panel, which include Jessica Alba, Will.i.am, Gwyneth Paltrow and Gary Vaynerchuk, they will be shortlisted for mentorship. In the final round, they have to pitch their apps to Lightspeed Venture Partners, which have reportedly committed over $10 million in capital to fund the winning ideas.
To sweeten the deal, winners will have their apps featured on the App Store.
"Apps, like music, television, (and) film, are a dominant part of our current cultural landscape," said Propagate's Ben Silverman, who is co-producing the show and was present at the Code Media chat with Cue.
In an environment where many tech companies are moving into creating original video content or buying existing content for their respective platforms, Cue emphasized Apple's strategy is more about influencing the culture.
"We're not out trying to buy a bunch of shows, we're trying to do some things that are creative, that can, we think, move culture and that Apple is adding some value to" he said.
Apple will also release another show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," which is set to drop on Apple Music in the near future. The show is based off a segment made popular by The Late Late Show host James Corden, where he rides along with celebrities in a car and sings.
Last year, the Hollywood Reporter said Apple ordered a 16-episode series that will stream weekly on Apple Music and will be produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73, the production company of Late Late Show executive producer Ben Winston. Corden, various reports said, is not expected to host the series that will be aired on Apple Music.
Cue added that constant innovation and introduction of new features and services was key to accelerate Apple Music's growth in a world where he said less than a 100 million people out of billions of listeners were subscribing to music.
"We still think the potential for growth is exponential...and we want a lot more."
On Monday, Apple shares closed at an all-time high at $133.29, surpassing its record closing high price of $133 set in February 2015.
— Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Disclosure: CNBC parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Recode's parent Vox Media. Recode and NBC have a content-sharing arrangement.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud personally intervened to end the closure of the Temple Mount following a terrorist attack at the site, according to an Arab media report on Tuesday.
Israel closed the Temple Mount compound for the first time in decades on Friday following a shooting attack by three Arab Israelis that killed two policemen at the site, only reopening it to Muslims on Sunday and to non-Muslims on Monday.
King Salman, according to a report in the Saudi-owned and London- based Arabic news site Elaph, sent a message to Jerusalem via the White House, urging Israel to reopen the site to Muslim worshipers as soon as possible.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In return, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly sent back reassurances that he had no intention of altering the 50-year-old status quo at the site, according to which non-Muslims may visit but not pray at the site. Misinformation regarding Israeli plans to make changes to the status quo surfaces frequently, roiling the Palestinian street and angering the Arab world.
The Elaph report said the information was provided by a “senior source,” but did not give the nationality of the source.
Netanyahu, according to the report, also invited Saudi officials to visit the holy compound themselves to see the situation, but has yet to receive a response.
The Prime Minister's Office said it “had nothing to offer” on the report.
Jews revere the site, where the two Jewish temples stood in biblical times, as the Temple Mount. It is the holiest site in Judaism and the nearby Western Wall, a retaining wall of one of the temples, is the holiest place where Jews can pray.
Muslims regard the same hilltop compound as the Noble Sanctuary. Home to the Al-Aqsa Mosque and Dome of the Rock. It is Islam's third-holiest site, after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia.
Despite Israel reopening the site on Sunday to Muslim worshipers, many have been refusing to enter in protest against new security measures Israel put in place.
In the wake of the shooting on Friday, police installed metal detectors at the entrance to the site. Video showed the gunmen were armed as they exited the compound.
The placement of metal detectors has been widely condemned by the the Waqf, the Jordan-based trust that administers the site, the Palestinian leadership, and Fatah and the Hamas terror group that rules the Gaza Strip.
Waqf officials have called for Muslim worshipers not to enter the Temple Mount compound via the detectors and instead to pray in the streets.
The source for the Saudi report defended the installation of the metal detectors at the gates to the Temple Mount, saying it had become “commonplace” at holy sites to because of terrorism, which attacks “without discrimination.”
The source added that the Jordanians were also involved in the contacts between the Saudis and the Israelis.
Netanyahu reportedly expressed anger to King Abdullah II of Jordan over a comment made by the speaker of the Jordanian parliament, Atef Tarawneh, who praised the attackers and said a prayer for them during a parliamentary session.
On Saturday night, Abdullah spoke to Netanyahu and condemned the attack.
According to the official Petra News Agency, the Jordanian king slammed those who “undermine security and stability” and pave the way for further violence, in an apparent reference to the Arab Israeli gunmen.
While Saudi Arabia-Israel ties have reportedly been increasing behind closed doors, the two countries do not have open diplomatic relations.
There have been media reports of clandestine talks between Israel and Arab powers, who have come to see the Jewish state as a possible ally against what they consider to be the greater threats of Iran and Islamist extremism. Saudi officials have had some open meetings with senior Israelis, and a Saudi general has visited Jerusalem and met with officials and politicians.
Israel has been eager for a regional peace process that would see Arab states partially thawing their relations with the Jewish state, as a step toward peace with the Palestinians.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's finance minister freed up an extra 23 billion pounds on Wednesday to invest in rail, telecoms and housing infrastructure over the next five years to help boost the country's output.
A cable car is seen near construction cranes in East London, Britain November 2, 2016. REUTERS/Kevin Coombs
The National Productivity Investment Fund will be spent on infrastructure and research and development including on science and technology, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond said in his first Autumn Statement address to parliament.
“Economically productive infrastructure directly benefits businesses, but families, too, rely on roads, rail, telecoms and especially housing,” he said.
After greenlighting multi-billion-pound projects to expand Heathrow airport and build a new nuclear reactor at Hinkley Point, Hammond's statement contained a series of relatively modest proposals, although he said more was on the way.
He said the government would invest between 1 and 1.2 percent of GDP on economic infrastructure from 2020, compared with 0.8 percent currently, and had asked the National Infrastructure Commission to advise on future projects.
In March, the government's National Infrastructure Delivery Plan 2016-2021 had flagged a pipeline of projects worth some 483 billion pounds across a range of sectors that need to be delivered.
The effect of unaffordable housing on Britain's productivity makes building more houses an urgent priority, Hammond said, flagging up plans for a 2.3 billion Housing Infrastructure Fund, to help unlock land for housing.
“Over the course of this parliament, the government expects to more than double in real terms annual capital spending on housing,” Hammond said.
A further 1.4 billion pounds will be released for affordable housing, while housing providers will be allowed to build a wider variety of housing types, Hammond said.
“Overall, logistics property will probably benefit the most from this Autumn Statement, thanks to the infrastructure and house building investment,” said James Roberts, Chief Economist at property research firm Knight Frank.
TRANSPORT, DIGITAL
The government will also spend 1.1 billion pounds on local transport networks in England, 450 million pounds to trial digital signalling on the railways and money to help boost uptake of electric vehicle infrastructure, Hammond said.
A further 1 billion pounds will be spent on upgrading the digital infrastructure, including in 5G technology, and Hammond also confirmed a plan to spend an extra 2 billion pounds on R&D by 2021, announced by Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday.
Alongside the planned High Speed 2 rail line, Hammond said the Transport Secretary would detail new projects “in the coming weeks” tied to its flagship “Northern Powerhouse” plan to rejuvenate economic growth in the north of the country.
In a world of low market returns, many pension funds and insurance companies are keen to invest in high-quality infrastructure, which can pay a steady income over many years, although bigger funds need bigger projects.
“More modest projects such as broadband extensions or improvements to local roads, while vital to the economy of the regions they benefit, are not on a sufficient scale to help pension funds,” said David Curtis, Head of UK Institutional Sales at Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
“In principle, there should be a positive feedback loop between the UK's need for infrastructure and the pensions industry's need for assets but those assets need to offer the cashflows and inflation protection that schemes require.”
Importantly, the government said it would “recommit” to a plan to give Treasury backing to projects under the UK Guarantees Scheme until at least 2026, and look into the idea of issuing construction-only guarantees.
The government said it would also develop a new pipeline of projects to be delivered under Private Finance 2, a public-private initiative, and announce them in early 2017.
“There is no shortage of funds to invest in UK infrastructure. What is lacking are the appropriate assets and the right deals to invest in,” said Merrick Cockell, chairman of the London Pensions Fund Authority.
“Hopefully an economic infrastructure plan will include how to finance such developments and involve potential asset owners, such as UK pension funds, right from the beginning.”
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 27026 Posts Last Edited: 2017-03-13 01:09:41 #1
Today, I break down the streaming room of one of StarCraft II's greatest and most reticent progamers.
Anatomy of a Room: Lee “INnoVation” Shin-Hyung
(https://www.twitch.tv/innovation_s2)
1. Lubricant: Whether it's petroleum-based or synthetic, high-quality lubricant is vital to prevent malfunctions when operating at super-high APM's.
2a~2f. Trophies: INnoVation retains his trophies for emergencies, where they can be salvaged for spare metal and plastic.
3. Photograph of David Kim & incense holder: In an attempt to better integrate with humans, INnoVation has emulated their strange custom known as “religion.”
4. Penguin doll: Penguins reside in the antarctic, where we can find the coldest climates on planet earth. INnoVation naturally feels kinship with penguins, as his own optimal operating temperature is -250°C, where superconductivity reduces the electrical resistance in his circuitry to zero.
5. BlizzCon™ 2016 goody bag: INnoVation has been trying to flip this on Ebay since December, but those pesky “I am not a robot” checks have been getting in the way.
6. Ceramic owls: On sale for just $19.99 during Crate & Barrel's holiday sale, it would have been simply illogical to not pick these up.
7. Embroidered cushion: Scholars have yet to decipher these enigmatic glyphs.
8. Eldritch container: Contains soO's soul, which is locked away forever until soO is kissed by princess Gyuri or he wins the GSL.
9. Calendar: INnoVation uses this to remind himself that pitiful organic life forms still believe in the delusion of linear time.
10. Rabbit in a cat(?) costume: This plushie reflects INnoVation's internal conflict as a being who wants to love, but was designed to kill.
11. Electromagnetic core: Leftover part from a previous iteration.
12. Zebra rug: The binary barcode pattern on the Zebra's coat reads “Zerg OP.” Online streaming has allowed gamers from all around the world to invite thousands of strangers into their lives. This is sometimes a rather literal invitation, as we are allowed a glimpse of their homes and rooms. As controlled as these settings may be, what the streamers decide to reveal online also reveal crucial hints about who they really are.Today, I break down the streaming room of one of StarCraft II's greatest and most reticent progamers.Whether it's petroleum-based or synthetic, high-quality lubricant is vital to prevent malfunctions when operating at super-high APM's.INnoVation retains his trophies for emergencies, where they can be salvaged for spare metal and plastic.In an attempt to better integrate with humans, INnoVation has emulated their strange custom known as “religion.”Penguins reside in the antarctic, where we can find the coldest climates on planet earth. INnoVation naturally feels kinship with penguins, as his own optimal operating temperature is -250°C, where superconductivity reduces the electrical resistance in his circuitry to zero.INnoVation has been trying to flip this on Ebay since December, but those pesky “I am not a robot” checks have been getting in the way.On sale for just $19.99 during Crate & Barrel's holiday sale, it would have been simplyto not pick these up.Scholars have yet to decipher these enigmatic glyphs.Contains soO's soul, which is locked away forever until soO is kissed by princess Gyuri or he wins the GSL.INnoVation uses this to remind himself that pitiful organic life forms still believe in the delusion of linear time.This plushie reflects INnoVation's internal conflict as a being who wants to love, but was designed to kill.Leftover part from a previous iteration.The binary barcode pattern on the Zebra's coat reads “Zerg OP.”
Please subscribe to INnoVation's stream at Twitch.tv/innovation_s2, even if his subscriber icons are terrible. Thanks to stuchiu for help on the Zebra part.
Administrator Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint?
Since a bizarre incident in which Rudolph W. Giuliani verbally abused a ferret enthusiast on the radio a decade and a half ago, New York City's ferret owners have been dealing with two major problems.
One: They are, technically, criminals.
Two: Everyone thinks they are insane.
“People see it as a dumb, silly issue: ‘Who cares, weasels?' ” said Veronica F., whose two clandestine ferrets, Watson and Nacho, live with her in Queens. “There's a notion that we all have some sort of mental problem.”
Now, ferret owners have a chance to change the law — and maybe remedy their reputation as well.
Last spring, perhaps trying to demonstrate the relative warmth and fuzziness of the current mayor, or perhaps simply pandering to the all-important small-mammal lobby, Mayor Bill de Blasio's administration proposed removing ferrets from the city's banned-pet list, a zoological rogues' gallery that also includes rhinoceroses, bats and poisonous centipedes. (A public hearing on the proposal before the city's Board of Health is scheduled for Jan. 21.)
The possible policy shift sent a frisson of excitement through the city's underground ferret community.
A senior Iranian official has advised French President Emmanuel Macron against meddling in Iran's internal affairs, including such strategic issues as the Iranian defense program.
Ali Akbar Velayati, who advises Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei on international affairs, made the remark in an interview with IRIB News after Macron said Iran's ballistic missile program had “to be curtailed.”
Velayati said, “It is not in Mr. Macron and France's interest to interfere in the missile issue and the Islamic Republic's strategic affairs, on which we are very sensitive.”
“Such interference will have no impact other than diminishing the French government's credibility in Iran's eyes,” Velayati said.
“How does the (missile) issue concern Mr. Macron? Who is he to interfere in the first place?” he said.
Velayati said Iran would ask no one for permission to have or not to have missiles or to assign what range to those missiles.
‘Go de Gaulle's way'
He advised Macron, France's youngest leader since Napoleon, to follow in the footsteps of the late French ruler General Charles de Gaulle by adopting a stance of “semi-independence” in his foreign policy.
Velayati said Iran would say no to any proposal to enter into negotiations on its missile program.
“No country,” he said, “would bargain over its national interests.”
In a November 11 visit to Saudi Arabia, Macron had also said he was “very concerned” about Iran's ballistic missile program, adding, “There are negotiations we need to start on Iran's ballistic missiles.”
French President Emmanuel Macron addresses a press conference during a visit to the Volvo Campus Lundby of the Swedish carmaker on the sidelines of the European Social Summit, in Gothenburg, Sweden, on November 17, 2017. (Photo by AFP)
Trump ‘cannot run US like a casino'
Elsewhere in his remarks, Velayati said US President Donald Trump “is used to racketeering, but running this country (America) is not like running a cabaret or a casino, where he would use shenanigans to accumulate money.”
He referred to Trump's trip to Saudi Arabia earlier in the year, after which the US president boasted of having made a lot of money, apparently referring to American arms sales worth hundreds of billions of dollars to Riyadh.
Velayati said it showed that Trump viewed international relations as a means of making money.
He said Trump was “wrong” about Iran and would benefit from learning a salutary lesson from his predecessors and should “know that he is no match” for the Iranian nation and government.
Aiming To Show Strength, Evangelicals May Achieve Opposite
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
The gathering of more than 100 evangelical Christian leaders and activists in rural Texas this weekend was an 11th-hour effort to unite "movement conservatives" behind a rival to Mitt Romney and demonstrate their own power within the Republican Party.
Instead, it may well be a revelation of their weakness as a force within the GOP. Because if Romney still wins the South Carolina primary next weekend, this final flailing attempt to stop him will make his victory all the more important — and his eventual nomination all the more inevitable.
The Texas confab (at the ranch of a conservative judge and fundamentalist Paul Pressler) threw its collective weight behind Rick Santorum by a better than two-thirds vote. About one in four held out for Newt Gingrich, while a rump group stuck with the local boy, Texas Gov. Rick Perry. There were apparently few votes if any for Romney, Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman.
Santorum was an improbable beneficiary of all this. He had been hanging on at the fringe of the field as recently as last month, then rose in Iowa to a virtual tie with Romney after some evangelicals coalesced behind him there. He got about three-fourths of the vote Baptist minister Mike Huckabee had enjoyed in winning the Iowa caucuses in 2008.
The hope at the Pressler ranch summit was that Santorum, bolstered now on a wider stage, will reproduce his Iowa miracle in South Carolina and beyond. That would spare the most doctrinaire social and economic hardliners a painful November choice between Romney and President Obama.
But the chances of Santorum achieving this remains remote.
It would be different if the decision of these self-appointed sentinels to settle on one candidate meant other contenders for the anti-Romney role would quit the race. But they won't.
It would also be different if this late backing meant Santorum would have enough money overnight to be competitive on TV, not only in South Carolina but in the far costlier markets of Florida on Jan. 31. But that much money probably cannot reach Santorum in time.
And it would be different if Santorum had more of what you'd want in a "comeback kid," such as charisma and momentum. But Santorum dissipated his Iowa bump by disappearing in New Hampshire (fifth place at 9 percent). And in public appearances he often leaves crowds less fired up than he finds them, giving long stem-winding answers to questions that dwell on ethical dilemma. The truth is, if he had shown the fire and the connectivity true conservatives have been looking for, they might have gotten behind him long ago.
Of course, the biggest difference might have been achieved if the organizers of the Texas meeting — including Judge Pressler and Tony Perkins of Family Research Council and James Dobson of radio fame — had held this sitdown months ago.
Back then, a big assist for Santorum might have brought millions of dollars in timely fashion. It might have given him more of the limelight in the debates. It might even have cut down on the inventory of candidates all competing for the not-Mitt lane.
No one should dismiss the miraculous effort by which these various evangelists, radio preachers and financiers were brought together and brought to a supermajority vote. It is usually far easier for religious activists to find points of distinction than to reach consensus.
Moreover, considering how few Catholics were at the Texas meeting, it is remarkable that those in attendance gave the lion's share of their support to lifetime-Catholic Santorum and recently converted-Catholic Gingrich.
But the current field does not include a strong contender who fully fits the evangelical mold like Huckabee. Romney and Huntsman are, of course, Mormons. Perry and Ron Paul were raised in mainline Protestant churches (Methodist and Episcopalian, respectively). But Perry has been going to an Austin megachurch since 2010, and Paul now attends a Baptist church.
What about the voters?
It can be argued that just as many Americans today regard themselves as evangelicals — or religious conservatives or "values voters" or whichever label you prefer — as did in Ronald Reagan's time. Some would say their numbers have grown, especially if you include in the category conservative Catholics, Mormons, Jews and members of other faiths with strict social and moral views.
The difference is that these voters do not have a single champion. In fact, no Republican presidential nominee has truly inspired movement conservatives since Reagan ran his last campaign almost three decades ago.
The closest anyone came was George W. Bush, although rather disappointing turnout among evangelicals cost him the popular vote in 2000 (and nearly the election). Some of these voters seemed disturbed by a report of a drunk driving conviction, and others never warmed to the younger Bush in the first place. More of these voters turned out four years later, in part because many states had ballot measures banning gay marriage that fall.
But Republican nominees George H.W. Bush in 1992, Robert Dole in 1996 and John McCain in 2008 all paid a big price for failing to unite and motivate these voters in November.
Preventing a replay of those three elections was the ultimate goal of the meeting at the Pressler ranch. But the organizers also hoped to show the party the best way to win was still to listen to them.
Money and Marriage Problems – Update
About a year ago, I wrote a post about money and marriage problems that I'd like to update since my own financial circumstances have changed a little bit since then:
An article at Yahoo Finance brought up different money problems that arise in marriages. Here is what I wrote a year ago followed by my views now.
1. Paycheck Envy – I don't know about you all, but my husband would dance a jig if I made more than him. If you and your spouse truly see your money as joint money, than who makes more wouldn't matter, right? Feel free to explain something I'm missing…
For the last 3-4 months, I really have made more than my husband thanks to the combo of my day job and blogging. I can honestly say now that Mr. BFS doesn't mind in the least. He hasn't danced an actual jig yet, but he has done little happy dances when I give him money updates, lol.
2. Debt – I can understand fighting if one person keeps accruing debt while the other keeps trying to pay it off. In that case, I'd have to leave…I can't stand lies and fighting joint progress feels like a lie of some sort. I can also understand a general feeling of helplessness that leads to lashing out at each other. Both of these scenarios sound like a living nightmare to me. If hubby and I had high interest debt, I'd probably get a little pissy in general, but we'd sit down and make a payoff plan. Taking action sounds way better than fighting about it.
Wow, I was in a good mood when I wrote that. I'd be absolutely ticked if my husband was building up high-interest debt behind my back. I wouldn't kill him, but yes, I would probably leave. If we built up that debt together, our bodies were switched out with aliens and we'd fight about it for sure…
3. Bills – The article says that fights occur because one person usually pays the bills and is unhappily surprised by the other one's spending. I can tell you from a recent personal experience, this does happen once in a while for us. I'm the bill payer since hubby had no interest in the details, but that means that the weeks he splurges on fast food annoy the crud out of me. I am slowly learning to ease up on the control freak behavior…hubby is a patient man.
I have successfully backed off thanks to our fun money accounts. Anytime we decide to splurge, the extra comes out of the appropriate fun money account. We haven't fought/argued/nagged each other over a bill for more than a year, woot!
4. Saving – A thrifty person married to a spendthrift is going to lead to problems. Even though hubby spends more than me, I can easily say he is no spendthrift. Thankfully. I just don't see how it would work out very well. Does anybody have any personal experiences with this? Did any of those end well?
I still think it would be hard to make a marriage work with two people with obviously different priorities. No change here.
5. Investing – Okay, I can totally see this as being a little problem. I don't personally care much about the specific stocks we are invested in, but I much rather invest in target date mutual funds than individual stocks anyway. Hubby rather invest more in high dividend equities. We have reached a compromise that works for us – my 401(k) and our Roth IRA are in target date funds and we have a Scottrade account for specific equity investments that my husband is in charge of. So far, this is working out really well. Have you ever had these types of issues? How did you work it out?
We've continued this compromise and even opened a 2nd Roth IRA that is invested in individual high-divend stocks by Mr. BFS. This is actually working very well for us – simple target date mutual funds for me and individual stocks for him. Yay for compromises that actually work!
6. Differing Expectations – This isn't just a fiscal problem…if each spouse has different expectations, there will be fighting. Hubby and I met when we were 18. There is nothing more eye-opening than developing into an adult while being engaged for 4 years. We have learned over the years to voice our opinions and expectations instead of assuming the other one will just know. See, you'd think that would be obvious, but selfish kids do not understand that everybody doesn't think the same way they do, lol. Ah, the importance of communication.
I stick to my original answer. Communication has been absolute gold for my marriage.
7. Secret Stash – This screams “issues” to me. I would understand squirreling away money for a surprise gift or something like that, but just having “backup” cash seems hinky. Again, if there's something I'm missing here, please give me a heads-up.
After finding another article about hiding spending, I have definitely decided that it's disgusting. Hiding something for non-sweet reasons is a form of lying. It's a betrayal of trust that would infuriate me.
What do you think? Any suggestions or comments about the above?
Direct Federal Financial Interventions and Subsidies in Energy in Fiscal Year 2016
Release date: April 24, 2018
Overview and Key Findings
Overview
This report—an update based on Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 data and earlier EIA reports on direct federal financial interventions and subsidies in energy markets—continues a series of U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) reports[1] that began in response to congressional requests. More recently, the Secretary of Energy requested updated information as part of the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Grid Resiliency Study.[2]
The scope of this EIA report is limited to direct federal financial interventions and subsidies, i.e., subsidies provided by the federal government, subsidies that provide a financial benefit with an identifiable federal budget impact, and subsidies that are specifically targeted at energy technologies and markets. State and local programs—although significant in a number of cases—have been excluded from EIA's reporting. As a result, this report does not encompass all subsidies that affect energy markets and should therefore be viewed in context and in conjunction with related information from other sources (see discussion of Other energy subsidy studies in the Analytic Approach section).
Consistent with EIA's independent role and mission, this report focuses on providing information to inform discussion rather than drawing conclusions or discussing policy issues related to energy subsidies. By using a comprehensive data acquisition and analysis process, EIA estimates how federal financial actions are distributed among a defined set of categories comprising the U.S. energy system.[3] EIA has made only limited observations of the scale, trends, and relationships within the data and the report tables.
Table 1 summarizes total within-scope energy subsidies and selected U.S. energy system indicators.
Subsidy types
Federal financial interventions and subsidies included in this report fall into four categories:
Tax expenditure: the amount of tax benefits or preferences received by taxpayers and forgone by the federal government
the amount of tax benefits or preferences received by taxpayers and forgone by the federal government Direct expenditures to recipients (i.e., both producers and consumers): the amount of grants, loans, or other financial assistance awards made directly to recipients
to recipients (i.e., both producers and consumers): the amount of grants, loans, or other financial assistance awards made directly to recipients Research and development (R&D) support: the amount of grants, loans, or other financial assistance awards made for R&D
(R&D) support: the amount of grants, loans, or other financial assistance awards made for R&D DOE loan guarantees: financial support authorized to be provided by DOE for innovative clean energy technologies that are typically unable to obtain conventional private financing because of their high technology risks.[4]
Table 1. Total energy subsidies and support and selected energy indicators, FY 2010, FY 2013, and FY 2016
trillion British thermal units or as specified Indicators FY 2010 FY 2013 FY2016 Total Energy Subsidies and Support
(million 2016 dollars) 37,992 29,335 14,983 U.S. Energy Consumption 96,850 98,655 96,788 U.S. Energy Production 73,695 81,151 84,833 U.S. Natural Gas (dry and liquids) 24,105 28,220 32,652 U.S. Crude Oil 11,512 15,370 18,797 U.S. Coal 21,657 20,223 14,807 U.S. Nuclear 8,318 8,099 8,352 U.S. Biomass 4,358 4,680 4,963 U.S. Hydroelectric 2,588 2,582 2,482 U.S. Wind 863 1,557 2,038 U.S. Solar 88 205 533 U.S. Geothermal 207 215 209 Note: Totals may not equal the sum of components due to independent rounding.
Sources: Consumption: EIA, Monthly Energy Review, February 2018, Table 1.3. Production: EIA, Monthly Energy Review, February 2018, Table 1.2. Tax expenditure estimates: Office of Management and Budget, Analytical Perspectives, Budget of the U.S. Government, FY 2012, 2015, and 2018. Joint Committee on Taxation, Estimates of Federal Tax Expenditures for Fiscal Years 2010-2014, JCS-3-10 (Washington, DC, December 2010), Table 1, Joint Committee on Taxation, Estimates of Federal Tax Expenditures for Fiscal Years 2012-2017, JCS-1-13 (Washington, DC, February 2013), Table 1, and Joint Committee on Taxation, Estimates of Federal Tax Expenditures for Fiscal Years 2016-2020, JCX-3-17 (Washington, DC, January 2017), Table 1. Federal direct expenditure and R&D expenditure subsidies: DOE: U.S. Department of Energy, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Base Financial Data, FY 2010, FY 2013, and FY 2016; FY 2010 and FY 2013: U.S. General Services Administration, USASpending.gov - Government spending at your fingertips, https://www.usaspending.gov/, accessed October 22, 2014; FY 2016: U.S. Department of the Treasury, USASpending.gov, https://www.usaspending.gov/, accessed November 16, 2017. Loan guarantee programs credit subsidy: Computed from data from U.S. Department of Energy, Loan Program Office, https://www.energy.gov/lpo/portfolio/portfolio-projects, accessed January 20, 2015 and EIA, Direct Federal Financial Interventions and Subsidies in Energy in Fiscal Year 2010, July 2011, Table 29.
Key findings
Table 3 and Table 4 summarize the allocation of federal direct financial interventions in U.S. energy markets by subsidy type. Several key findings stand out.
The scope and complexity of federal financial and award activities are very large and spread over a wide range of sources, recipients, and time frames. Despite a recent trend of decreasing federal activity, hundreds of distinct energy-related federal financial programs continue to pursue a wide range of goals using various methods. The time frames of these programs and activities can be very different, as in the case of tax provisions that allow taxpayers to decide which year to take a credit or to pay a deferred charge. Isolating the impacts of these programs, as well as characterizing the net impact of the whole set of actions on the U.S. energy system, is challenging.
Most current federal subsidies support developing renewable energy supplies (primarily biofuels, wind, and solar) and reducing energy consumption through energy efficiency. In FY 2016, nearly half (45%) of federal energy subsidies were associated with renewable energy, and 42% were associated with energy end uses. Table 4 shows a more detailed distribution of renewable energy-related federal support. The amount and distribution of renewable energy subsidies over time (see text box on renewable-related subsidy trends) have depended on congressional authorizations and the market competitiveness of renewable electricity technologies. Among renewable technologies, biofuels received the only incremental increase in FY 2016 subsidy support, driven by greater domestic biomass-based diesel production and foreign imports of these products that resulted in an approximately $1 billion increase in tax credits from FY 2013 levels.
Energy end-use and conservation subsidies decreased from $7.7 billion in FY 2013 to $7.2 billion in FY 2016 (Table 3). The largest program in this combined category—the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) operated through the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)—maintained its funding levels at $3.2 billion and $3.4 billion in FY 2013 and FY 2016, respectively. The decrease in total subsidies and support for energy-related conservation and end-use programs between FY 2013 and FY 2016 was led by declines in direct expenditures, which decreased from $4.2 billion to $3.6 billion, respectively. Of the $438 million decline in total federal support of conservation and end-use programs between FY 2013 and FY 2016, direct expenditures decreased $597 million. The tax credit for energy efficiency improvements to existing homes (26 U.S.C. 25C) accounted for $106 million of the decrease, and conversely, many tax expenditures (e.g., the credit for residential energy efficient property, 26 U.S.C. 25D) increased during the same period.
Since FY 2010, the scale of federal support has decreased as temporary measures expired, even as the U.S. energy system continues to grow. Federal activities within the scope of this study have been decreasing, in large part because of the expiration of provisions and programs authorized by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA or the Recovery Act) of 2009 (Figure 1). The Recovery Act provided energy funding that greatly increased DOE's previous energy program budgets but also required the rapid obligation of funds that would cover outlays over several years. The U.S. energy system, as a whole, continues to grow, with production activities growing more rapidly than energy consumption. As a result, the relative scale of federal activity within the overall context of the energy system has continued to decline since FY 2010.
Source: Office of Management and Budget, Historical Tables, Tables 4.1 and 5.2, accessed February 23, 2018.
In FY 2016, tax code provisions were the largest source of direct federal financial interventions and subsidies in energy markets, following a period of higher federal direct expenditures resulting from ARRA programs and funding. The federal tax code—with 36 wide-ranging, energy-specific tax provisions (Table 5)—provided greater financial support to energy in FY 2016 than direct expenditures and R&D support. This reversal from FY 2013 is best captured by the temporary ARRA Section 1603-grant program to allow an investment tax credit (ITC)[5] in lieu of the renewable energy production tax credit (PTC).[6] In FY 2013, this ITC grant program pushed the direct expenditure category above estimated tax expenditures in absolute dollar terms.[7] In FY 2016, the ITC grant program had largely ended, and tax expenditures (in total) regained their dominance, with tax provisions representing 59% of the total (Table 3).
No new DOE loan guarantees were issued in either FY 2013 or FY 2016. The subsidy cost of the loans issued in FY 2010 totaled $1.7 billion. Because this cost is assessed at the time the loan is issued, there was no related subsidy cost for FY 2013 or FY 2016. The loan guarantees associated with the Vogtle nuclear project[8] are included with FY 2010 subsidy costs. However, there were still outstanding debts in FY 2016 for loans issued in prior years. Although lending authority for the Section 1705 loan program had expired by 2013, budget authority remains for future lending on the Section 1703 loan program.
Electricity projects accounted for 25% of FY 2016 total R&D expenditures. This share is similar to the share in FY 2010 and FY 2013. Except for biofuels, virtually all non-fossil energy subsidies (renewable fuel and nuclear) were for electricity projects. In addition, most coal subsidies were electricity-related, even though they were often not denoted as such, because about 85% of coal consumption is used to generate electricity. The share of natural gas subsidies for electricity generation is more difficult to determine.
Table 2. Measures of electricity net generation and growth (FY 2000 versus FY 2016) Beneficiary 2000 Net Generation
(billion kilowatt-hours) 2016 Net Generation
(billion kilowatt-hours) Share of 2000 Generation
(percent) Share of 2016 Generation
(percent) Annual Growth from 2000 to 2016
(percent) Coal 1,931 1,208 51.4 29.6 (2.9) Natural Gas and Petroleum Liquids 684 1,431 18.2 35.1 4.7 Nuclear 765 799 20.4 19.6 0.3 Other 13 21 0.3 0.5 3.1 Renewables 365 618 9.7 15.2 3.3 Biomass 59 63 1.6 1.5 0.4 Geothermal 15 16 0.4 0.4 0.5 Hydroelectric 286 268 7.6 6.6 (0.4) Solar 1 51 0 1.2 31.8 Wind 5 220 0.1 5.4 26.3 Total 3,759 4,077 100 100 0.5 Notes: Totals may not equal sum of components due to independent rounding. A table value in brackets () denotes a negative value. Zero denotes rounding to zero value. Other includes net generation from hydroelectric pumped storage, other gases, batteries, chemicals, hydrogen, pitch, purchased steam, sulfur, and miscellaneous technologies. Biomass includes net generation from wood and waste. Solar includes distributed (small-scale) generation and utility-scale generation.
Sources: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Monthly Energy Review, February 2018, Table 10.6 (solar) and Table 7.2a (all other).
See complete report
Footnotes
1. The first EIA study was undertaken at the request of Congress in Fiscal Year (FY) 1992, pursuant to language appearing in the House Appropriations Committee's Report on the U.S. Energy Information Administration FY 1992 appropriations.
2. U.S. Department of Energy, Staff Report to the Secretary on Electricity Markets and Reliability, Washington, DC, August 2017.
3. EIA has requested further detailed data from the Internal Revenue Service as it pertains to the distribution of energy-related tax benefits.
4. Section 1703 of Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 authorizes the U.S. Department of Energy to support innovative clean energy technologies that are typically unable to obtain conventional private financing due to high technology risks. In addition, the technologies must avoid, reduce, or sequester air pollutants or anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases. The Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing (ATVM) Loan Program was established in Section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to support the production of fuel-efficient, advanced technology vehicles and qualifying components in the United States. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 amended Loan Guarantee Program's authorizing legislation, creating Section 1705.
5. This report will reference only renewable electricity investment (i.e., energy investment credit) as the ITC.
6. This report will reference only renewable electricity production (i.e., energy production credit) as the PTC.
7. This categorical shift can be viewed as an accounting issue, with the subsidy still ultimately stemming from the tax code.
8. DOE, Loan Guarantee Office, website: https://energy.gov/lpo/vogtle, accessed February 20, 2018. On September 29, 2017, the U.S. Department of Energy offered conditional commitments for construction to the Vogtle project, website: https://energy.gov/lpo/articles/vogtle-conditional-commitments-support-energy-infrastructure, accessed February 27, 2018.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
March 14, 2009, 5:39 PM GMT / Source: TODAY staff and wire
A rare copy of the first comic book featuring Superman has sold for $317,200 in an Internet auction.
The winning bid for the 1938 edition of Action Comics No. 1 was submitted Friday evening by John Dolmayan, the drummer for the rock band System of a Down.
In addition to being a musician, Dolmayan is also a dealer of rare comic books. The auctioneers say he was acquiring the Superman comic on behalf of a client.
The price was one of the highest ever paid for a comic.
The auction site ComicConnect says the man who had owned the comic book purchased it in a secondhand store in the early 1950s when he was 9 years old. He paid 35 cents for it and held onto it for the following 58 years.
When the auction was first announced last month, comic book expert Stephen Fishler predicted that bidding for the comic book would be sure to go up, up and away. He said that copies of Action Comics No. 1 in "fine" condition were worth about $126,000, but that this copy could sell for several times that.
The character of Superman, a superhuman champion of justice who came to Earth after surviving the destruction of the planet Krypton, was originally created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster in 1932. In 1938 they sold the character to Detective Comics, Inc.
After appearing in Action Comics No. 1, Superman quickly caught the public's fancy, paving the way for Batman and myriad other super-heroes in colorful costumes. Over the years the Man of Steel become the star of newspaper comic strips, radio drama, television and big-budget motion pictures.
Detective Comics, Inc. is today known as DC Comics, which continues to publish the character's adventures. DC's Superman titles still include Action Comics, which has published nearly 900 issues since 1938.
About 100 copies of the No. 1 edition are known to exist. It originally cost 10 cents.
Last year, when the results of the US presidential election became hideously apparent, the Twitter account for Charlie Brooker's dystopian sci-fi show Black Mirror ( Netflix , now streaming) rushed out a public service message. “This isn't an episode,” it read. “This isn't marketing. This is reality.”
That actually seemed an important thing to clarify, because Brooker has an unsettling knack for identifying murmurs of genuine anxiety and extrapolating them into contagiously bleak scenarios. The guiding question behind any given episode of Black Mirror – in essence, a tech-augmented version of The Twilight Zone – is a simple one: “What's the worst that can happen?” Now that many of its worries have come to pass – politics overrun by sniggering populism, invasive surveillance run amok, citizens ranked by social media – how is Black Mirror supposed to keep up?
To judge from its six new episodes, the answer is to keep plumbing the darker reaches of fantasy without abandoning the light of hope. Because if previous series seemed like a wake-up call for a society careening towards chaos, this one largely envisions a way to fight back.
The scope of the new series is wide and varied (no two episodes share a director). Some involve Philip K Dick-grade ideas about privacy and technology; from the insurance claims inspector in Crocodile who can scan people's memories and unwittingly stumbles on a murder, to a parental-protection dilemma writ large in ArkAngel (directed by Jodie Foster) in which a nervy mother has her daughter “chipped”, allowing her to trace, monitor and even censor the child's experiences into young adulthood.
Brooker's storytelling is often strong, but erratic – one episode, Black Museum, a compendium of half-finished ideas held together with plot twists in a house of horror setting, is eminently skippable. Another, Metalhead, is a chase movie featuring a canine terminator which feels like an experiment in genre. But when the show hits on an idea with real psychological traction, like the stand out episode Hang the DJ and the fantastically enjoyable USS Callister, then matches that ingenuity with arresting design, Black Mirror really delivers.
Advertisement
The first begins as a riff on dating apps, imagining an amiable couple paired together by a near-flawless algorithm, but develops into a stirring display of humanism when they valiantly try to choose their own destiny. The second, with its sly understanding of the misfit males behind GamerGate, divides its time between a simulation game modelled on the utopian kitsch of early Star Trek, and the grim offices of the company that made it. Here, the game's gauche designer (the excellent Jesse Plemons) creates “digital clones” of his co-workers, forever confining these sentient beings to his fantasy, like hacked, stolen souls.
If there's a common thread to these stories, one is the theme of rebellion. The space-game prisoners devise their own escape plan; the dating-app couple try to overthrow the strictures of code; and the monitored daughter pushes for a more analogue adolescence.
But another theme comes with a more cerebral tickle: a few episodes encourage you to identify with a synthetic consciousness over a human character, to invest real feeling in the personal drama of artificial intelligence. Perhaps this is what good fiction always does; drawing empathy for unreal creations. But right now, during this starkly unsympathetic episode of reality, being able to see ourselves in the struggles of these digital clones might actually reflect well on us.
30 years on from David Lynch's not-very-good adaptation, Dune is more relevant and deserving of a modern update than ever.
So many remakes – or reboots, in the parlance of those who don't want to admit they're doing a remake – are justifiably criticised as pointless from the moment of their announcement. Films like the new Total Recall and RoboCop are doing nothing but iterating on what was already good to begin with, and inevitably suffer by comparison. The ideal film to remake is one with big ideas and lots of potential, but which didn't really work for one reason or another the first time around.
The ideal remake is one with big ideas and lots of potential, but which didn't really work the first time around. Enter: Dune
Enter: David Lynch's Dune. Putting together possibly the most important science fiction novel ever written and an incredibly talented director must have seemed like a brilliant idea at first. As it turned out, Lynch was utterly wrong for the material: the man who made Eraserhead is not the man you want making an epic space adventure. (Sidenote: Lynch was also offered the director's chair on Return of the Jedi but, fortunately, turned it down.) Lynch's Dune was undeniably ambitious, but nonetheless bloated, utterly nonsensical if you hadn't read the novel, and all in all a bit of a mess. Just the sort of film which would benefit from being revisited in an attempt to try and correct its faults.
There was a Sci-Fi Channel miniseries adaptation of Dune in 2000, but it's not especially well remembered. When considering just how massive the scale of Dune's story is, the prospect of a modern big-screen version free from the constraints of a TV budget becomes very tantalising indeed (just imagine what could be done with the sandworms if Weta Workshop were able to get their hands on them). Various companies have tried to make a new Dune film, but none have yet succeeded – the most recent attempt was by Paramount, and it was shelved indefinitely in 2011.
Even leaving aside the fact that remaking, rebooting and adapting nostalgic geek culture properties is pretty much all Hollywood seems to do these days, 2014 is the perfect time for a new Dune film. A novel that was timely in 1965 seems downright prophetic nearly 50 years later: the plot is driven by the Spice, a rare, incredibly valuable resource which can only be found on the desert planet Arrakis, often known as Dune, and on which the entire galactic economy is dependent. Consequently, the imperial powers of the galactic community are quite happy to stomp all over Dune's indigenous population, the Fremen, in order to get to the Spice and keep themselves wealthy and powerful at their expense. Sound familiar?
Dune is now more relevant than it has ever been, the only problem being that it's influenced pretty much everything in the genre since its publication in 1965
It's no exaggeration to say that Dune is now more relevant than it has ever been, with the oil crisis only getting worse and Western powers receiving a great deal of criticism for their thinly-justified interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan. The thought of what a politically-minded science fiction director like Neill Blomkamp could do with this source material ought to be an extremely exciting one. The only problem with making a new Dune film today is that, like John Carter of Mars, it has influenced pretty much everything in the genre since its publication in 1965, from Star Wars to Avatar, and so risks feeling overly familiar to a modern audience. With the right script and director, however, that shouldn't pose much of a problem, since the sheer quality of the story and the intelligence of its themes should more than overcome the fact that a lot of people will think Arrakis is ripped-off Tatooine, rather than vice-versa.
Perhaps now is the time to bring Alejandro Jodorowsky's unfilmed 1970s Dune adaptation out of mothballs and finally commit it to film. It's enjoying the spotlight at the moment, with a (supposedly excellent) documentary about the attempt to make it currently doing the rounds, and it's often regarded as one of the great unmade films. It would need to be considerably trimmed down – the screenplay would reportedly have resulted in a 14-hour-long film – but it would be amazing to see Jodorowsky's vision on the big screen at last, even if it does sound like it would rival Holy Motors for sheer unbridled insanity.
The political (and blockbuster) landscape has rarely provided better circumstances for a new Dune than now
Jodorowsky's Dune was to have involved, among others, Pink Floyd, H. R. Giger, Salvador Dalí and Orson Welles: in all likelihood, it wouldn't have been a terribly faithful adaptation of the novel, but it would have been fascinating all the same. Still, it's extremely unlikely that, even if a new Dune film finally does get off the ground, it'll use the template left by Jodorowsky. In terms of why it ought to be made today, maybe that's for the best. Jodorowsky's Dune would have been an undeniable visual extravaganza, but it would have made Lynch's film look coherent and restrained by comparison.
Regardless, the political (and movie blockbuster) landscape has rarely provided better circumstances for a new Dune than now, and it's about time someone tried to film an adaptation that does the novel justice. Besides, there are five sequels in the main series, and seemingly endless new books being churned out by original author Frank Herbert's son – it could just be the next big sci-fi franchise.
All images: Universal.
Tech tycoon Peter Thiel may soon be working in the Trump administration as a top intelligence adviser, according to a Vanity Fair report published Wednesday.
While Thiel, an early supporter of the president, has been informally working with President Donald Trump for some time, reports relayed to Vanity Fair seem to show that he could be given a more formal role, like chair of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board (PIAB). The official government website for the agency has no details to offer, but the board has been around for quite some time. The PIAB traditionally provides advice to the president pertaining to intelligence activities, while also monitoring work from the larger community.
“I cannot overstate his impact on the transition,” former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon told Vanity Fair, describing Thiel as a sort of secret weapon. “You will see in the near term that Peter will be taking on new responsibilities, like intelligence.”
Vanity Fair also cites other senior officials that spoke as if Thiel is surely going to get the new job.
An early investor in Facebook and cofounder of PayPal, Thiel is an influential venture capitalist with an outspoken point of view that often conflicts with his political counterparts in Silicon Valley. As most in the tech realm are liberal, Thiel has created his own path as one of the few advocates of President Donald Trump in the industry. (RELATED: Netflix CEO Called Out Peter Thiel For Trump Support While On Facebook's Board)
After originally giving $2 million to a super-PAC supporting then-contender Carly Fiorina's candidacy in August 2015, he soon switched his allegiance and announced in October 2016 that he planned on donating $1.25 million to Trump, then-Republican presidential nominee.
Just several weeks later, Thiel spoke at a press conference in Washington, D.C., to double down on his endorsement of Trump and defend his donation. He also spoke at the Republican National Convention in support of the party and Trump, becoming the first openly gay person to do so.
“I am proud to be gay, I am proud to be a Republican but most of all I am proud to be an American,” Thiel said in a speech. The crowd erupted in applause, potentially showing a growing shift in the party's views on sexuality.
Defying convention is typical for Thiel, and if he's eventually appointed, he would in some way be continuing that trend as an atypical choice for an intelligence role. Overall, Thiel's potential ascension to such a critical role could give the libertarian-minded entrepreneur a large stake in the government's operations.
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
