Nintendo has released some pretty cool amiibo so far, but there will always be fans that want a figurine that doesn't exist. This is why some artists choose to customize amiibo, making their own creations in the process. One artist has done just that by altering the already-existing
Zelda amiibo and giving her a Skyward Sword makeover.
For those unfamiliar with amiibo, they're figurines of popular Nintendo characters that can be used with specific games like
Hyrule Warriors, Super Smash Bros Wii U/3DS, Mario Kart 8, and more. The figurines can be paired with the Wii U and the New Nintendo 3DS. For more information about amiibo, click here.
DeviantArt user
SoulDreamX created the Skyward Sword amiibo and said this was the second amiibo she'd altered. She made it by filing down parts she didn't need, adding new pieces with Sculpey, and repainting the figure. The new amiibo is wearing Zelda's school outfit from Skyward Sword, complete with belt and sailcloth.
“It took quite some time to finish, but I think I really learned a lot working on it,” she said.
SoulDreamX said she plans to continue making custom amiibo in the future as her schedule allows her to. What do you think of her creation? Do you like her custom amiibo more than the original Princess Zelda that Nintendo released?
The grudge match between media titans Time Warner Cable and CBS continues, with the two sides unable to agree on the network's demands that Time Warner Cable pay it more to send its programming to customers. And so as Friday dawned, the Great CBS Blackout of 2013 entered its eighth day. For a second straight weekend, Time Warner Cable subscribers won't be able to watch Tiger Woods play golf, or Bob Schieffer grills guests on Face the Nation.
When two sides who stand mutually to benefit from an agreement are unable to do so, it's either because one side is irrational and impossible to deal with—like, say, the House Republicans—or because one or both parties have so much riding on the outcome that they can't afford to give an inch. And that's increasingly what it looks like here. But contrary to what many observers might believe, it's not the 20th century fuddy-duddy television network business that is in trouble. Rather, it's the 21st century cable business.
The stock charts and the company's earnings certainly don't back up the story. Time Warner Cable's very impressive five-year chart shows the stock has risen more than four-fold since the spring of 2009. So far this year, it is basically matching the S&P 500.
So what's the problem? In a nutshell, Americans are cutting their cords. They've been cutting the cords on home-based telephones for years and switching to mobile phones. And just now they are starting to cut the cord on cable service to the home. Combined, these trends are overturning the business model of cable companies. In time, they also will upset their balance sheets. Time Warner Cable is finding that its core business is under assault.
For the last many years, cable companies have proved that distribution can be king. Those fat pipes they built to deliver television reception to American homes, it turned out, could also deliver premium television channels, on-demand events and content, as well as high-speed Internet service and telephone service. To the modern family, these services are utilities no less important than electricity or water. And people with means are willing to pay up for premium products. So Time Warner Cable, and many of its colleagues in the information distribution business, had the best of both worlds. They had the reliable recurring revenue streams of a utility and the growth associated with innovations.
But that was last decade's story. This decade's story is a little different. It's very difficult for Americans to replace the water and electric utilities. Sure, you can build a well or put in solar panels, but these expensive propositions don't guarantee reliability. But getting television programming from other providers is possible—often at a lower cost. You can put a satellite dish on your roof. Phone companies offer their own form of cable service. Or, as an increasing number of people do, you can forgo an expensive smorgasbord of cable programming and instead curate your own viewing experiences through the internet—Hulu, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Prime, Netflix, iTunes, etc. The viewing experience in these other venues might be different—you may watch on a small screen instead of a big television, you sometimes have to wait for buffering. But it's a pretty good substitute. And it's much cheaper and generally hassle-free. People don't have to wait for Hulu to come to the house and install service.
Young people are particularly prone to cutting the cord. And so the same thing is happening to cable business as is happening to CBS Evening News. Every month, a chunk of its audience dies off, and new consumers come of age who have no experience with the product and no intention of trying it. Of course, CBS and its competitors can respond by selling its products through these alternate distribution channels. When your business is owning, maintaining, and repairing the distribution channel, you have fewer options. And you have a lot more expenses. Creating content is actually quite cheap—companies might spend a few bucks on a viral video, or a few hundred thousand dollars to commission a book, or tens of millions of dollars on a sitcom. But cable companies have to spend billions to build out their networks, and then billions more to maintain them. Much of that investment is financed with debt.
The combination of a shrinking core business, high fixed costs, and high debt obligations can be deadly if it persists over a long period of time. That's what did in General Motors, Chrysler, and the city of Detroit. While Time Warner Cable is nowhere near big trouble, a look through the company's last several earnings reports reveal signs of decay are starting to pop up in its business model.
The company has a bunch of sources of revenues: it sells ads, it sells voice, data, and cable to businesses, and it sells voice, data, and cable to consumers in their homes. But the main show at Time Warner Cable is the residential video business. It accounts for about half of the company's revenues. And that business is slowly going away.
In each of the last five quarters, Time Warner Cable has lost a significant number of residential video subscribers. In the second quarter of 2012 (PDF), the number of residential video subscribers fell from 12.468 million to 12.299 million, a decline of 169,000. In the third quarter of 2012, it lost 140,000 more. In the fourth quarter of 2012 (PDF), it lost 129,000. In the first quarter of 2013 (PDF), it lost another 119,000. And in the second quarter of 2013 (PDF), it lost 191,000. This is repetitive, I know. But the numbers illustrate a clear trend. In five quarters, the company lost 748,000 cable subscribers, about 6 percent of its total. In the second quarter of 2013, residential cable revenue was off 4.4 percent from the year before.
The company has compensated for these losses in part by steadily increasing the number of high-speed Internet subscribers, who now number more than 11 million. But that's a much less lucrative business than cable. Meanwhile, voice—i.e., landline telephone service—also seems to have peaked. In the past two quarters, Time Warner cable has lost 81,000 voice subscribers.
There's a good case to be made that those lost subscribers aren't coming back. Cord-cutting, it turns out, is a real phenomenon. As Variety reported in March, the pay-television industry notched its first-ever 12 month period in which the total number of subscriber fell in its history. Between March 2012 and March 2013, according to the Leichtmann Research Group, the 13 largest satellite, cable, and telecommunications companies providing residential video service lost 80,000 subscribers. More recently, again per Variety, Moffett Research reported that America's pay-television industry lost 316,000 customers between June 2012 and June 2013.
Time Warner Cable is facing a tough challenge. It has $26.4 billion in debt. It spends about $350 million each quarter on interest. It spends a lot of money to maintain its systems. The company's capital expenditures—at $827 million in the second quarter and $1.6 billion in the first half of the year—are rising at a double-digit clip. It needs to spend that money whether it has 11 million subscribers or 10 million subscribers.
For companies, a dollar saved, or not spent, is the same as a dollar earned. As cable companies find it more difficult to earn dollars from their core customers, they are going to focus with increasing intensity on spending fewer dollars on their core ingredients. That's why Time Warner Cable has been so leery of acceding to CBS's demands for higher carriage fees. If it sets a precedent, pretty soon it will find itself deluged with requests for higher fees—without the rising revenues to help pay for them.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) today said it would oppose reservation to Muslims within the 27 per cent OBC quota approved by the Union Cabinet, terming religion based reservation as violative of the Constitution.
"This is not just a violation of the Indian Constitution but also an attempt to take away the rights of Hindus. Today, they have given jobs and education from OBC quotas to Muslims, tomorrow they will do the same thing with Schedule Caste quota and provide reservations to Christians," VHP General Secretary Praveen Togadia said.
Noting that some political parties are demanding amendments of the Constitution because it does not allow reservations on the basis of religion, he said the VHP would oppose it doggedly.
"This is reservation jehad," Togadia said.
"I have studied the Constituent Assembly debate which discussed the issue of religion based reservations. After the debate, leaders like Jawahar Lal Nehru, Sardar Patel and leaders of minority communities said the country had got divided on the basis of religion, so in future religion based reservations will not be allowed," the VHP leader said.
Muslims claim they are a casteless society and according to the Constitution only Hindu castes are eligible for reservation, he said.
"From today the VHP is launching a movement to mobilise Hindus to ensure that jobs and bank loans meant for them are not provided to Muslims and Christians," Togadia said.
The VHP leader also said those demanding religion based reservation in the institution of Lokpal, which was supposed to be an investigative agency, were "killers of secularism."
The Union Cabinet on Thursday decided to carve out a sub-quota of 4.5 per cent for minorities within the 27 per cent reservation for OBCs.
ALSO READ CBI sought part RTI exemption, Govt gave it full
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Police say a New York City man shoved a candy bar in the face of another man and then repeatedly punched him in an apparently random attack.
Court papers show Eliexer Reyes has been charged with misdemeanor assault following his arrest in the Times Square subway station Tuesday night.
Artist Ian Sklarsky tells Gothamist the 35-year-old Reyes was unprovoked when he shoved a Snickers bar in his face and mouth.
After police say the 33-year-old Sklarsky asked Reyes what was wrong with him, Reyes then repeatedly punched him in the face during a scuffle.
They say Sklarsky suffered pain, a cut lip and a bruised nose.
Reyes' attorney didn't immediately comment on the charges. He hasn't entered a plea in Manhattan Criminal Court.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
The Arkansas Libertarian Party (LPAR) has qualified for the 2018 elections, as the Secretary of State approved their petitions on July 7. This makes the fourth straight general election cycle in which the LPAR has successfully gotten onto the ballot as a party, going back to 2012.
The LPAR submitted over 15,000 signatures towards the 10,000 valid signatures needed to qualify for party status. For the LPAR to retain party status, their 2018 candidate for Governor must get at least 3 percent of the vote.
The LP will now be on the 2018 ballot in 39 states plus the District of Columbia. The LP can run only statewide candidates in Georgia without petitioning, and in Connecticut, only candidates for the US Senate and US House 2nd district without having to petition.
When needed, quarterback Aaron Rodgers isn't afraid to break out of the pocket and force defenses to respect his ability to scramble with the football. Credit: Rick Wood
By of the
Green Bay — It's easy to forget what you've got until you lose it, but Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers never forgot about a part of his game that went missing last year.
And he never stopped appreciating it.
Now that his injured left calf is healed and his running abilities restored, Rodgers is prepared to take liberties he couldn't during the final four games of the 2014 season.
Scrambling is still a means to get away from pass rushers, but Rodgers got a better understanding of how effective a tool it could be when he wasn't able to do it. As his five scrambles for 34 yards and two first downs in a 31-23 opening game victory over the Chicago Bears showed, he can use it as yet another way to force defenses to adjust to him instead of the other way around.
When the Bears used a two-deep, man coverage — in which both safeties play back and the cornerbacks play man-to-man — Rodgers wasn't hesitant to take off. Because both safeties are deep down the field and the cornerbacks and linebackers are focused on covering their man, the quarterback is unaccounted for as a runner.
Rather than throw into coverage or throw the ball way, Rodgers took off. But he knew well before the snap that would be a possibility.
"There are certain coverages that are going to make voids in the defense, and he's the best at seeing them," guard Josh Sitton said. "He's very, very, very smart."
His performance against the Bears is noteworthy because the last time the Packers played their opponent this week, the Seattle Seahawks, Rodgers was still hobbled by a left calf strain he had suffered in a Week 16 victory at Tampa Bay.
Not only was Rodgers a different player, the way he was used changed.
In the NFC Championship Game loss to the Seahawks, Rodgers only lined up under center three times, taking the rest of his snaps 4 to 5 yards behind the line of scrimmage in a hybrid shotgun/pistol position. Putting him there protected his calf as he wasn't consistently backpedaling or having to pivot and stretch toward the running back on outside run plays.
Rodgers only moved out of the pocket a half dozen times during the game, and at least three times could have run for a considerable gain, most notably at the end of regulation when he tried to dump the ball to running back Eddie Lacy instead of run. Were Rodgers healthy, he might have been able to run all the way inside the 20-yard line with enough time left to take a couple of shots into the end zone.
"The thing is, he's so good at just seeing seams in the pocket," right tackle Bryan Bulaga said. "He may not even feel any pressure but he knows he can step up into an alley and either get out and make a throw or get out and run. He does that so well."
Against the Bears, Rodgers was that guy again. On a 15-yard scramble, he bailed out of the pocket after 3 seconds despite having solid protection. He had the defense retreating into coverage.
"Offensive line blocked great in the first week," Rodgers said. "I had no sacks. I was also able to move in the pocket and extend some plays and get some positive yardage. That's an important part of our offense when the defense is covering down.
"When we play a team that can cover, especially like the next two cans, you're going to have to extend some plays and make some positive things happen."
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said Wednesday in a conference call with Wisconsin media that his team did not approach the NFC Championship Game as if Rodgers couldn't run. But the Seahawks also didn't seem to be spying him and played some aggressive man-to-man coverage that a healthy Rodgers might have run against.
When the two teams meet Sunday night at Lambeau Field, Rodgers is going to be looking for the times the Seahawks come out of their traditional three-deep zone coverage and try to make them pay with his legs.
During the time Rodgers was learning to play from a stationary position last year, he was reminded what an asset his legs could be. In his early years as a starter, Rodgers typically finished with about 60 rushing attempts per season, but that dipped to 30 during an injury-shortened 2013 and was 43 last year.
When Rodgers got into his training regimen for this season, part of his focus was getting his body ready to be that elusive runner he had been before the injury.
"I trained really hard in the off-season to put myself in position to remain healthy," Rodgers said. "You have to have good fortune at times, guys not falling on you. But the muscle strains are very disappointing and the ability to run I think is an added weapon for our offense.
"I've always looked at it like that and enjoyed the opportunity to extend plays when I can."
The way Sitton sees it, Rodgers has used his ability to move around the pocket or take off running to make some of his attributes that much more effective. Seeing him be able to tap into all those qualities was something that made the entire offensive line happy Sunday.
As effective as Rodgers can be throwing the ball from behind his offensive line, he makes it more difficult to defend him when he can throw or run from outside the pocket.
"I think he has two great assets, throwing in the pocket, and he's the best at moving around and getting out of the pocket," Sitton said. "And I think he's the best at moving in the pocket and still throwing from the pocket.
"You have to defend all those things. That makes it extremely difficult."
Carroll has his own multifaceted quarterback in Russell Wilson, who adds a dimension Rodgers doesn't have in the Packers' offense, which is the read option. But Carroll, who when he was at USC coached against Rodgers' University of California team, said Rodgers' athleticism takes his quarterbacking skills to another level.
"He has extraordinary vision," Carroll said. "He sees everything. When you can match it up with the ability to move like he can move to give himself a second and third chance at plays, and then he's got extraordinary accuracy. He's always been just a naturally accurate thrower.
"It just makes him the best guy in the league. He's the most difficult guy to play against us, and he's unpredictable because he is so athletic. It's just a nightmare trying to figure him out."
Carroll is 3-0 against Rodgers on the pro level, so it's not like he hasn't figured some things out. Rodgers and his teammates have been trying to figure out Carroll and his swarming defense equally hard.
On Sunday night, Rodgers will be at full strength. And he won't be afraid to run.
Meracle forges 5eva with former FD and ii players
Shortly after the dissolution of SEA scene mainstay First Departure, Meracle and fellow ex-FD member poloson have teamed up again, alongside two members from Insidious Idol, to form 5eva.
After facing difficulties maintaining their roster following the departure of founding member Paul 'Hana' Tan, First Departure officially disbanded on January 30th, leading Galvin 'Meracle' Kang Jian Wen to announce via tweet, "I'll still be playing competitive in another Singapore team." Today marks the official announcement that Meracle will be joining a brand-new Singaporean team, dubbed 5eva. The famed carry player will be playing with former teammate Wilson 'poloson' Koh Chin, and former Insidious Idol players Adrian 'Ysaera' Hong Rui Wui and Joel 'Chibix' Chan. Rounding out the lineup is Kok 'KS' Sin Ang, who has been a member of First Departure before.
By consolidating several strong players in the SEA scene onto the same team, 5eva looks to fill the power vacuum left behind after the loss of First Departure and continue upon the former team's growing success following TI4. The team will be managed by Bryan 'Jupi' Koay and Kimberlyn 'PMS.Kimchi' See, who previously managed First Departure and Insidious Idol respectively.
5eva roster:
Galvin 'Meracle' Kang Jian Wen
Adrian 'Ysaera' Hong Rui Wui
Kok 'KS' Sin Ang
Joel 'Chibix' Chan
Wilson 'polson' Koh Chin
Headline image by First Departure (Facebook)
More content on GosuGamers
Michael Gove and his education department are at it again, this time playing lord and master over the new GCSE English literature curriculum. It would seem that the bruising battle and inevitable defeat sustained over his changes to the history curriculum did not, sadly, result in combat fatigue. In what can only be described as the policy equivalent of a dawn raid, the coalition government have removed "seminal world literature" as a compulsory element. In doing so, they have given English teachers a short two-month window in which to register their disapproval. It appears, however, that unlike the national outcry over the changes to the history curriculum, in English, protest against the move boils down to words of condemnation rather than a co-ordinated action. The consultation process closes on Tuesday, 20 August.
Perhaps we shouldn't judge too hastily and rather view the excision as a sign of Gove's burgeoning forward-looking vision of English literature. In this alternative reality, the secretary of state for education is following a progressive argument that has long raged within English teacher circles; it is that by the very label "world literature", we are viewing it as a separate and distinct entity from the accepted canon. In reality, it goes, we should impart to our students a sense of all literature enabling the understanding of our commonality of experience and desire. The truth, however, is that we have a draft proposal so utterly prescriptive in terms of content that it leaves no room for such lofty interpretation.
The programme of study published in February stated students should "increase the breadth of their reading through: at least one play by Shakespeare; a selection of representative Romantic poetry; at least one 19th-century novel; a selection of poetry since 1850; British fiction or drama since the first world war; seminal world literature written in English."
In the months that followed, the government seems to have scrapped its erstwhile syllabus and consulted key stakeholders on the content of GCSE English literature. Launched in June, this latest document quietly omits as compulsory the study of world literature. Many teachers could be forgiven for expecting a sense of continuity across the secondary syllabus, as 11- to 14-year-olds will be expected to study literature from other cultures. Here I suspect Gove's team are anticipating a round of applause for relegating texts by authors such as Anita Desai, Chinua Achebe, and Harper Lee to younger year groups.
Stephen Twigg MP, Labour's shadow education secretary, describes the move as "mind boggling" and "out of date" and I would have to agree. There is much here to perplex the English classroom teacher. Where to begin? An arbitrary array of literature is given special dispensation from Gove et al, with three of the five areas of study centred on the 19th century. Why, as the NUT asks in the ongoing consultation, the Romantics in particular over and above all other poetic movements?
Why either postwar drama or fiction and not both, when it would seem that an overlap exists between the focus on Romantic poetry and a selection of poems from 1850 onwards? Why, oh why, the notion that "detailed study of a range of high quality, intellectually challenging, and substantial whole texts", cannot include literature in English from across the world? True literature, it would seem, was only really written during the 19th century by English people, for which read men. For Chris Keates, the general secretary of the NASUWT, the largest teachers' union, it demonstrates how Gove "has failed consistently to listen to the voices of teachers, parents, learners".
How best to take the document's laughable assertion that "through reading in particular, pupils have a chance to develop culturally, emotionally, spiritually and socially"? Which culture in particular do we want students to develop? The many questions suggest a patent lack of sense behind these proposals. What we have in its place are a set of ideological convictions that view the study of English literature as a means through which a nationalistic and ossified vision of England can be propagated.
Perhaps the opening line of LP Hartley's racy novel The Go-Between can provide some kind of defence for the removal of world literature from the curriculum. In it we are told "the past is a foreign country". If that is indeed the case, much of the cultural and social development Gove's proposal hopes for would be achieved with the narrow and prescriptive content outlined above. Yet, the country reflected back at us isn't one that mirrors the diversity and complexity of the world we now inhabit. Surely there should be room for both the old and new?
The canon has always been an ideological entity. Enforcing a monocultural and traditional view of it serves to demonstrate a set of political ideals that are well past their sell-by date. We should all let Gove in on this little secret, before it's too late.
Got a scoop request? An anonymous tip you're dying to share? Send any/all of the above to askausiello@tvline.com
Question: Anything you have on Grey's Anatomy to get me through this hiatus would be very much appreciated! —Mary Kate
Ausiello: Jo is having a baby! Wait, that's not right. Jo is adopting a baby! Nope, that's not right either. Jo discovers a baby in the trash and develops an attachment to it! BINGO! “Stephanie and Jo are out in the back of the hospital by the dumpsters, which is the new cool intern hangout, and Stephanie accidentally kicks a box, and there's a baby in it,” explains Camilla Luddington of the plot, which will unfold in a spring episode. “And so we find this dumpster baby, which, of course, is very difficult for Jo because she has abandonment issues. And she is not on the case, and she really wants to be working on it.” I was kidding about the adoption thing, but would she ever consider it? “Do you think Jo and Alex are ready for kids?” the actress shoots back with a laugh. “They're still trying to figure themselves out.” Fair enough.
RELATED | Could Thursday Night Football Bump Grey's and Scandal?
Question: I'll take any Nashville scoop you're willing to throw my way. —Michelle
Ausiello: Another major character — more major than Peggy, I would argue — is about to bite the dust.
Question: Really loved seeing some sparks flying between Rayna and Deacon again on Nashville. Any chance it could lead to something more, or is that just too much to ask? —Sheila
Ausiello: It's pretty much now or never, says exec producer Dee Johnson. “It's more possible now than it ever was over the course of the last 20 years,” she notes. “Deacon went through something and came out the other side of it; the [Maddie] secret is now all out in the open; Rayna is not married anymore; they've both evolved.” The one fairly substantial hiccup? Neither one of them is single. “As with life, you're always dating someone when the person you really want is available,” Johnson adds. “It's all about timing.” For her part, Connie Britton is ready for those two crazy kids to get their crap together. “I'm a big believer in Rayna and Deacon,” she tells me. “I always feel that people can work these things out, which is probably silly and idealistic of me. But I'm a silly and idealistic person.” (And don't you dare change — not ever!)
Question: I'm officially ready for Angry Closeted Will to start transitioning into Confident Out-and-Proud Will on Nashville. Any idea when I can expect that shift to start? —Danny
Ausiello: I'd love to be able to tell you the metamorphosis begins this week, but that would be a lie. “The struggle will continue for him,” confirms Johnson. “He still has a certain thing in mind for himself in terms of country stardom, and he still doesn't think it's possible to embrace himself in that way. He's going to try very hard to focus on [his career] solely and remove temptation from his life.” However, eventually, “his secret is going to come out,” the EP adds. “That's not something that can stay underground forever, despite anybody's best efforts. The question is, How will he handle it? And where will he be in his career path when it does come out?”
Question: I'll take any additional info you have on Raj's potential new squeeze on The Big Bang Theory. —Joy
Ausiello: Here's the setup, as told me by exec producer Steve Molaro: “Leonard and Penny are watching Raj's dog Cinnamon, and they nearly poison her and kill her. So they all spend Valentine's Day in the vet's office trying to make sure Cinnamon is OK. And the vet might be a cute young lady [played by Lost‘s Tania Raymonde].”
PHOTOS | Winter TV Spoiler-palooza! Your Guide to Nashville and 30 Other Returning Favorites
Question: I was so happy to see Victor Garber in the Sleepy Hollow finale. Please tell me he'll be back next season. –Kristin
Ausiello: Garber's role as Ichabod's dad “is a crucial part to Crane himself,” says series co-creator/executive producer Len Wiseman. “We've talked about how his character works in the second [season].” My interpretation: It's almost a sure thing the Alias alum will don a powdered wig again. Plus, don't forget that we can also expect to see John Noble's Henry (I'm not going to put his other name, out of courtesy for those who haven't yet seen last night's episode) when the Fox drama returns in the fall.
Question: Castle is my very favorite show and I would like any information you have for the 2014 season! –Donna
Ausiello: Previewing for Matt Mitovich her Jan. 27 turn on the ABC drama, Titanic mom Frances Fisher says that her “high-powered” Anna Wintour-like fashion magazine editrix is quite surprised to come face-to-face again with one Kate Beckett, whom she first met years ago as a model. And it's not the warmest of reunions, either. Teasing how things left off for the two back then, Fisher says, “There was an 'employment issue,' where I ended up not very happy about her decision [to quit modeling].”
Question: Any Hotch/Prentiss action that fangirls can get excited about in Criminal Minds Episode 200? –Colleen
Ausiello: It depends on how easily one is excited. At the close of the milestone episode, during which Paget Brewster's Prentiss is fetched from London to pitch in on a crisis, “There's a moment where Hotch asks her, ‘How much longer do we have you?'” showrunner Erica Messer shares. “And there's this look he gives to her that makes you feel like if she was around any longer, maybe they would have grabbed a bite to eat, by themselves.” OK, I sense that at least 37 of you just got excited.
RELATED | Exclusive: Battlestar Alum Fills Key Role in Movie-Like 200th Episode
Question: Please tell me that Claire isn't really dead on The Following! —Sara
Ausiello: I would. If I could. But I can't. (She is dead.)
Question: Once Upon a Time‘s Josh Dallas recently tweeted a picture of “Jason our boom operator” still in Neverland. Does this mean we could be getting flashbacks of Tink, Hook or Neal in relation to Neverland? –Amy
Ausiello: Sorry, but series cocreator Eddy Kitsis says there are no plans to revisit Neverland, in any timeline, during the back half of Season 3. Should we send out a search party for Jason? (In other Once news… somebody's about to die!!!)
Question: Any scoop on what's next for Tony on NCIS? –Laura
Ausiello: If you're among those concerned that DiNozzo will rush into a grand new romance, with Bishop's pop culture-savvy NSA pal Sofia Martinez, you needn't be. “I don't think his next relationship is going to happen anytime soon,” show boss Gary Glasberg tells us. “Part of letting Tony be Tony and letting him be flirtatious and talk to women is that these women don't really matter. They're quick encounters that he's having; it's not Ziva. They're not ones that count. Eventually, will there be another [great love]? Maybe.”
RELATED | NCIS Exclusive: It's Happening Next Season!
Question: I am loving Anna and Duke on General Hospital! Any info on where they are heading storyline-wise? Will they redo their vows? –Me
Ausiello: “Oh, I don't think so. Not yet,” Finola Hughes responds. Rather, Anna and Duke “are about to be at odds, because he's gone and taken up with Sonny — and I think Anna will find out pretty soon.” Elsewhere on the daytime sudser, Hughes shares, “A new person is taking over the hospital and it's really going to shock the town — and I don't think Anna will happy with it at all.” Meanwhile, Kimberly McCullough's latest stint as Robin looks like it will only last “maybe a few more weeks,” her TV mom laments.
Question: Haven't seen any AA scoop for Hawaii Five-0 in a while, and would love to get some! –Clarlee
Ausiello: Though Grace Park's Kono is back in Hawaii (or Vancouver-as-Hawaii) and set to rejoin the team, Ian Anthony Dale's days as Adam are likely numbered. “I love Adam and I love the actor, but he has a show [TNT's upcoming Murder in the First],” exec producer Peter M. Lenkov explains. “We're trying to make arrangements for him to come back. We're trying to get him back for an episode.”
Question: Got anything on The Mindy Project? —Jen
Ausiello: The show is casting the guest-star role of Brooke, a flirty medical equipment sales rep who has a history of falling into bed with Danny whenever she pops into town. She assumes history will repeat itself, but I have a hunch she's in for a rude awakening.
Question: Addicted to you site! Any scoop on Scandal to help us make it through the next month? –David
Ausiello: Asked to preview The Closer alum Jon Tenney's upcoming Season 3B run, Bellamy Young reports with a big (albeit cryptic) smile, “We are having fun with Mr. Tenney — a great, great deal of fun.” Pressed to elaborate, she adds: “His character, Andrew, is someone that we have… uh… I don't know what I'm allowed to say!” Well, since Andrew is reportedly a romantic interest for the long forsaken First Lady, does he arrive in her life at a good time? Young laughs — a lot –before responding, “Is there ever a good time in Mellie's life?!”
RELATED | Scoop: Scandal‘s Season 3 Episode Order Cut Back
Question: As much as I'm loving Sherlock‘s third season so far, I'm bummed about the lack of Irene Adler. Any chance she'll resurface in Season 4? —Brandon
Ausiello: “It's not impossible, because she's still alive and out there,” responds exec producer Steven Moffat. “But I was really, really pleased with [Season 2's Irene-centric] ‘A Scandal in Belgravia,' and that sense of longing between those two characters. The question is, can you do it again without making it less good? Are sequels ever as good? Do you really make more money or do you debase the coinage? If we had as good a story as ‘Scandal' and somewhere else to take them, we'd do it again. But, in the meantime, we're thrilled with that episode and wary of touching it again. There are many other stories tell.” Gotta admire his quality control.
Question: Is there any chance Julia and Joel's marriage can be saved on Parenthood? This story is breaking my heart like a shattered Snapple bottle! —Adina
Ausiello: It's Parenthood — of course there's a chance! Personally, as much as I'd like to see the show tackle divorce, it would be silly to see their marriage end over that one tiny indiscretion. Part of me thinks Julia should dump Joel based on his overreaction to this whole thing. It was one damn kiss — and she barely reciprocated. And she told him about it (albeit way after the fact). Speaking of Parenthood couples in dire straights, Crosby and Jasmine's Adventures in Domesticity continues this Thursday when the “guy who took E.T. away” delivers some bad news to them on their doorstep. Exclusive sneak peek below!
RELATED | NBC President Offers Parenthood Renewal Update
That's a wrap! Please send questions, comments, and anonymous tips to askausiello@tvline.com. (Additional reporting by Kim Roots)
I used to be a covered woman. I know what it's like to be invisible. When I first read about ISIS taking over a whole area of Iraq, I searched without much success for news coverage that even mentioned half the population who now can't show an inch of skin, go out of their houses, work, drive, or go to school. I worry that the media leaving them invisible speaks of a larger disinterest, a shrug, a yawn, whenever women at home are bled in any way of the freedom to just be.
Ghostly veiled women follow me—moon faces encircled in cloth, floating eyes. I see them when I pass covered women in my city. I try to tell myself that my own past was different, but I know what it is to be a woman in a fundamentalist world. I know what it's like when only men can speak in public, or when you have to cultivate a demure façade just to get by, or how to raise daughters when their few female role models are models of self-sacrifice. I know what it means to retreat indoors and try to establish your only domain.
Advertisement:
***
I had dragged girlfriend Anne to a local synagogue to see them that day in 1972. Now the Hasidim—Jewish ultra-orthodox in untrimmed beards, yarmulkes, and black suits—were singing and dancing their ecstatic all-male dance. I could almost sense the feeling of their damp white shirts, the smell of their sweat.
I was 16, and Anne and I were just a couple of Jewish children of 1960s liberals flirting with religion, probably to annoy our parents. But we didn't want our parents' benign conflicted Judaism. We wanted something pure, hopeful.
More from DAME: "Why Do We Vilify Low-Income Black Women Simply for Being Mothers?"
One of the dancing men kissed another. At the sidelines, two women in wigs and long clothes were whispering, each into the ear of the other, warm breath inside a cupped hand, a soft hand on a soft shoulder. That homoerotic buzz in such gender-divided communities—looking back, I know that was part of the attraction.
Two days later, a local Hasidic family called and invited me to their home. Thus began their overtures offering enticing wisdom, sumptuous free meals, and promises of the sublime. I was soon introduced to Jewish Law, which dictates every detail of daily life, even on which side to lie down when going to sleep and exactly how to tie your shoes. A life in the Law looked to me like prayer in motion. Living poetry. I submitted myself with a sense of wonder.
Advertisement:
In no time my voice disappeared into an ancient unison choir that sang only one tune.
***
I often marvel at the wonderful messy cacophony of our heterogeneous American society. The great beauty of it all is that the only criterion for participation is simply to be yourself. And to speak. Aloud.
Two years later, I entered an arranged marriage to a bearded man I barely knew and joined a Hasidic community. I lived for 30 years among the Hasidim. Both men and women were squelched in our homogeneous world—the women, more so.
We were told “modesty” was the way of royalty, a reason to carry ourselves with pride. In the same breath we were taught to keep ourselves thoroughly covered because by definition women were attractive to an unseemly degree. I always thought that an odd compliment. But I don't think we had the term “objectify” in our vocabularies.
Advertisement:
Birth control was forbidden: I had seven children, and fell in love with them. The kids were a place where my spontaneous love was legitimate, my outlet for creativity and honest conversation, and a rare source of respect I had to earn but could also rightfully demand. Babies, cooking, household management, teaching children to live within the Law, filled my days so that it seemed my insular indoor life was a necessity, not a requirement.
I only looked in the mirror after I had put on the scarf or wig, so that I just saw who I was supposed to be. The dreamy teen with unmanageable hair and signature saddle oxfords disappeared.
I never thought I was invisible, but everyone else in the world, with their colorful varied lives and contentions, faded away. “Normal” people became like cardboard cutouts in muted colors somewhere on the other side of a divide, even when I passed them in public. I didn't imagine their voices either, as if religious teachings were on a recording set loud enough to drown out all those plans and hopes and doubts. Including my own.
Advertisement:
More from DAME: "I'll Tell You Why I've Been Mistrustful of Cops Since Childhood"
We scoffed at people “out there” who dismissed us with stereotypes as being submissive, being erased by our men and our Law, even though we had to keep ourselves covered, and quiet in public, even though we hid behind a partition in the synagogue. We felt we mattered, because the Hasidim venerate modest women as models of (that word again) self-sacrifice. Young Hasidic women felt noble and adored at their elaborate weddings and threw themselves, with devotion, into raising big families. And we believed our men were generally respectful. When more-religious men glanced at us and then quickly looked away, and minimized conversation with us, we didn't take it personally. We felt he was simply obeying our loving parental Law.
Besides, inside my busy house, with the kids, I ruled. Everyone had to work together and I made sure of it. Which is why, I suppose, Hasidic men often don't consider Hasidic women as invisible or silent, either—at least not those who grew up with a dominant present mother. Few of the men note the inside/outside disconnect. I felt quite visible, in my own domain.
Advertisement:
***
One day I boarded an airplane and found myself sitting next to a nun. I had been schooled to quietly disdain other religions, particularly Christianity, but in spite of myself I was drawn to her. She, too, carried a well-thumbed pocket-size prayer book. She, too, had felt the drug-like pull of religious life. She also knew how one could come to love ancient texts that seem to have captured God's voice from long ago. I sat down, gratefully—and then didn't say a word the whole flight. I was actually afraid.
I picture us now and then, two women on a plane, me in my wig and long clothes, her in a blue dress and matching scarf, both of us disconnected from the microcosm of society around us, and both willing to feel responsible, by covering ourselves, for the obscure desires of men we didn't ever really get to know. I imagine us both too in love with structure and assertions of the sublime, unaware of how much that had weakened us.
In communities like hers and like mine, women often don't dare confide in one another. But sometimes I wonder, what if the plane had gone into distress? Then would we have understood how important it was to speak, and listen?
Advertisement:
Did her skin also ache for touch in a way nothing in her world could satisfy? Did she also set aside dreams, like the erotic lesbian dreams that used to pepper my fitful nights?
***
We used to push the men to recite their long daily prayers and spend time studying holy texts. This earned us their admiration—and also helped us to mildly shame them. Religiosity was subversive power.
The paradox is that our religion gave us the only way we knew to express our connection to God—so our most self-defining, most public expression was in a language of self-erasure. Covering. Silence. Whispered prayer. Humble work indoors. Our rabbi often said that for a woman, changing a diaper was the holiest of prayers.
Advertisement:
I remember this when I read about the years-long controversy over France forbidding the veil, or Turkey, where I recently saw many young fashionable women in secular areas of Istanbul going about in niqab head coverings. Clothing is self-expression. Sure it's ironic, but the veil is the language they have.
More from DAME: "Are Beyoncé and Nicki Minaj Flawless?"
I believe the women who fight the hardest for the veil probably cannot begin to imagine the creativity, the audacity, the impossible courage before tradition and the men who uphold it, to come up with their own, new, language about God.
So we obeyed the Law to make a statement that we were good, valid, devoted. Then we dominated our children and laughed among ourselves.
Advertisement:
***
How is it that I am here years later living with my Susan, defiant of the dictates of any religion, in an average middle-aged life? Go to work. Meet friends in a restaurant. Putter in the garden. Walk the dog.
You could say it had to do with the erotic dreams or that ache in my skin, or exhaustion from a “life of the spirit” so utterly physical for women. But I was well trained and would have continued like so many others.
I left when I felt invisible. One Sabbath day I looked in the mirror and said the word “lesbian” out loud. Then I retreated to the synagogue among the women with their quiet camaraderie and whispered prayers. But it gave me no comfort. I remember how I looked around and silently told them, “You think I am one of you, sisters, but if you could see me, you'd turn away. You'd pretend I wasn't there.”
Advertisement:
In that space where women's voices are muted, I could not say out loud a defiant simple “I am.”
***
Slowly, I made friends on the outside and learned what happens when you can be spontaneous. In such real conversation, I found my own thoughts and came to know them better. I felt genuine. Seen. But the Hasidic costume I had continued to wear like skin led others to make assumptions about me that weren't so true anymore. I craved a new kind of anonymity, one like a closed book among many, but with an appealing cover that said, if you want to know more about me, engage, ask.
How I remember the day I took off the wig with trembling hands and stepped outside into a breeze that felt, on my bare scalp, like first rain.
Advertisement:
***
I was recently on a New York street and of course noted the scattering of covered woman among the passing thousands, in scarf, veil, hijab, bonnet, wig. One was Hasidic, in long sleeves and closed neckline and stockings in July, with a little hat on top of her wig. I was in jeans and a black T-shirt, my graying hair windblown.
Now those women discomfit me in the same way I'm sure they can discomfit others. They represent denial of battles hard fought—for birth control, abortion, equality in any public forum, to dress how we want without being objectified, or just to be heard. Women rejecting those things are a puzzle because this is a free country, so they must at some levels choose to live like that, right?
But covered women are my madeleine. I see one and my past comes back. Each can only use the language she's received. Each is a real person with hopes and losses—even if she is also a reminder of what we can lose.
I'm the colorless cardboard cutout now. Which is why I look her in the eye, direct and real, and smile a smile as genuine and warm as I can muster. I say “Hello.”
I wish I could speak to every one of these women. I would say, “You are proof enough of God.” I would say, “You do have a voice. You can write. You can vote. You can whisper to your children.” I would say, “Look at yourself uncovered in the mirror and don't forget what you look like.”
“I see you. What do you wish you could do? What, or who, would you love?”
Sports Illustrated has a long-form article out today about a minor league baseball player-turned-autograph fraudster and the criminal case therein. And part of that article dovetails onto the college football page.
As the excerpt explains below, the fraudster, Cliff Panezich, and his associate Adam Bollinger paid Alabama football standouts cornerback Marquis Johnson, defensive tackle Terrence Cody and cornerback Rod Woodson for autographs, while quarterback Greg McElroy, tight end Colin Peek and running back Ali Sharrief signed for free.
Panezich and Bollinger arrived in Tuscaloosa during winter break, when the football team wasn't practicing, so finding players required improvisation. The first member of the Crimson Tide they say they encountered—and asked to sign, outside of a dorm—was cornerback Marquis Johnson. The two collectors had 40-odd white-paneled footballs, each emblazoned with Alabama's logo, laid out in the rear bed of their SUV, and “[Johnson] signed a few,” Panezich says. “[He] talked about getting paid to do the rest. . . . We paid him up front and . . . he recruited everybody else to come and sign. He'd go into the dorm, grab a couple guys—$20, $30, $40, depending on whom the player was—and they'd all come sign 40 team items.” Panezich says Johnson was paid roughly $200, but “not everyone took money. [Defensive tackle] Terrence Cody was probably the biggest. He got paid to sign all the team stuff—and then we heard he was interested in making some more money. So he came out and signed a bunch of mini helmets that he inscribed, like 2X ALL-AMERICAN, or 2 BLOCKED FGS AGAINST TENNESSEE, very specific stuff.” Panezich recalls that they paid Cody around $400 total. (SI obtained cellphone video from Panezich that shows Johnson, fellow cornerback Rod Woodson and tight end Colin Peek autographing items; Panezich says that Peek, as well as running back Ali Sharrief and QB Greg McElroy, signed but declined compensation in order to comply with NCAA rules. Cody, through his agent, declined to comment. Says Johnson: “I never got paid. I don't know [Panezich].” Woodson could not be reached for comment. When asked if the school had knowledge of the signings, an Alabama spokesman said, in part, “As part of our comprehensive compliance and education program, we routinely review all situations of potential concern and address matters such as these with all of our student-athletes.”)
The alleged signings took place in the break between the Crimson Tide's SEC Championship victory over Florida and its BCS National Championship defeat of Texas.
Considering that the alleged NCAA violations occurred eight years ago, and that Johnny Manziel was suspended for all one half for taking money for thousands of autographs during his career, the Tide's 2009 national championship seems safe from here.
After hearing about the sudden passing of a best friend the night before, on Tuesday, May 2 I drove nearly 12 hours from Ottawa to Cincinnati, passing right by Toronto to catch a flight home to Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
I was not going to make it to the May 3 match I had on the schedule.
The week I spent at home was difficult given the circumstances, but provided an opportunity to recharge my batteries and spend time with my friends and family after more than two months on the road.
When I set out to do the trip, it was important for me to make it to every MLS venue. A stop in Toronto — though out of the way — wasn't going to evade me. I was able to reschedule a stop at BMO Field (as well as Grand Rapids FC, the other team I missed).
Unfortunately this meant I would not be able to catch an MLS fixture at BMO Field in Toronto. I had to settle for a midweek Canadian Championship Voyageurs Cup match against USL side Ottawa Fury FC.
Fortunately, Toronto FC fans turn out to support their club. Announced attendance was (surprisingly) only 15,175, but I must say I was impressed. In the 28,500-seater — one of the larger non-NFL venues in MLS — the crowd looked and sounded much larger.
And the supporters were fantastic.
I've been to several matches where clubs have more than one main supporters group. This can be problematic for a few reasons, but especially when they chant over one another. I was pleased to discover this was not the case at all in Toronto where the clubs main supporters groups — Red Patch Boys, U-Sector, Inebriatti and Kings in the North — all worked together, despite each utilizing their own capos and occupying different sections in the south side of BMO Field.
For example, the Inebriatti would start a chant and look to their right for Red Patch Boys and U-Sector to sing certain parts. Then, pass the baton to their left where Kings in the North would let their voices be heard. It was really cool to witness and be a part of.
The Viking Clap in particular got the entire stadium involved. Needless to say, it was loud.
In the end, we were treated to a 4-0 win over their lower-division opposition.
Special thanks to my host Sam Rahbar for taking care of me during my time in Toronto, as well as introducing me to Persian food and the band Snarky Puppy; Julian Carr for hooking me up with a ticket; and John Bruce from U-Sector for showing me the ropes and scarfing me.
Glad I could be there.
Dear Supporters,
At this time, we want to thank all of you who have been working so hard to make this effort a success. Due to time constraints, it has become obvious we will not be able to collect the needed number of verifiable petitions in time to qualify for the 2016 election.
However, it is because of all your hard work and the show of strength of our supporters that it is clear we can pass regulated adult use in Florida. We are are happy to announce we are making a few minor changes to the petition langage, have some soft commitments for funding, and we will be doing everything we can to make the 2018 ballot. By March, we will have a new petition with minor changes.
The most exciting, important, and biggest hurdle we had this year, should not be an issue moving forward for the 2018 election. When we launch the new petition, it will most likely be with adequate funding to support the campaign from start to successful finish.
None of what has been done has been for naught. All of us have learned how to organize and participate in an effective and successful grassroots effort. It's because of the evidence of strength we caught the attention of some investors who are very interested in helping us to achieve our goals.
Additionally, it is the language of our petition that made us stand out from the others, so the changes will be very minor. However, please be kind and recycle any remaining petitions you have so there will be no confusion when we launch the new signature drive. We will keep you all informed as we move along to the campaign to Regulate Marijuana like Alcohol in 2018.
We chose this time to tell you all of this so you can spend your time with loved ones, relax and gear up for the big push sometime after the the new year.
We thank you and wish you the happiest of holidays. We would not be in this advantageous position without you.
Together we can (and will).
Michael C. Minardi, Esq.
Chairman, Regulate Florida
THE STUDY
“Emotional Well-Being Does Not Predict Survival in Head and Neck Cancer Patients” by James Coyne et al., published in the December 1, 2007, issue of Cancer.
THE QUESTION
Do emotions influence a cancer patient's prognosis? In one of the largest, longest, and most controlled studies of its kind, researchers investigated whether the emotional state of cancer patients has any relationship to their survival.
THE METHODS
University of Pennsylvania psychologist James Coyne and his colleagues followed 1,093 adults, all of whom had advanced head and neck cancer with nonspreading tumors. All patients received standardized medical care through clinical trials run by the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG).
At the start of the study, the participants completed a 27-item questionnaire used to evaluate the physical, social, and emotional quality of life in people with cancer and other chronic diseases. Five items targeted emotional state, asking patients to rate, on a scale of 0 to 4, the extent to which statements like “I feel sad” and “I am losing hope in my fight against my illness” had been true for them over the past seven days. The researchers then calculated a score for each person's initial emotional well-being.
Coyne tracked patients for an average of nine years, until they either dropped out of the study or died. The study reported 646 deaths. Once the records for the participants were complete, researchers analyzed the data. “We were surprised to find absolutely no relationship” between emotion and survival, Coyne says.
The researchers then looked at emotion and survival in greater detail, examining data for the most buoyant optimists, the most despondent individuals, and patients with complicating factors like smoking. In none of these analyses did emotional well-being affect survival. Because the study was so large and long, it gathered far more information than previous investigations of emotion and cancer survival. In smaller studies, Coyne says, it can be difficult to tell whether deaths were related to a factor like emotion or were simply due to chance.
While the huge pool of subjects and the controlled clinical trial conditions give the study statistical heft, Coyne acknowledges a few limitations. Having only people with head and neck cancers in the study eliminates the variability of a group suffering from different forms of the disease, but it also eliminates information about whether patients with other forms of cancer would show the same results. Additionally, patients had to be judged “mentally reliable”—able to follow instructions and keep appointments—in order to qualify for the clinical trials, so their emotional scores might not represent the full spectrum of psychological states among cancer patients.
THE MEANING
Coyne says this is the most in-depth study of its kind, and until a study with a similar sample size proves otherwise, he is convinced there is no conclusive relationship between emotional well-being and cancer survival. Many cancer patients struggling to maintain a positive outlook—and fearing that their lives depended on it—have contacted Coyne to express relief that their survival may not be dependent on their emotions. “Having a positive outlook is not going to extend the quantity of life,” Coyne says. “Not everybody is capable of being positive when they have cancer.”
STATS BEHIND THE STUDY
• A 2004 study found that 72 percent of the public and 86 percent of cancer patients believe psychological factors affect cancer survival. Only 26 percent of oncologists agree.
• About 25 percent of breast cancer patients who joined support groups told researchers in a 2005 study that they attended to improve their immune systems.
• Four previous studies indicate that people with better psychological function do survive longer with cancer—but four others suggest that a healthier psychological condition predicts shorter survival time. More than a dozen studies have found no relationship between the two variables.
• A 2007 study found that the emotional, physical, and social questionnaire Coyne used is effective at predicting depression.
• Major depression afflicts about 25 percent of all cancer patients.
• The two clinical trials in Coyne's study were conducted by the RTOG, which had a $13 million budget in 2007 and is funded by the National Cancer Institute.
• The American Cancer Society cited 1.4 million new cases of cancer in the United States in 2007 and more than 500,000 cancer deaths, with about 11,000 due to head and neck cancer.
SECOND OPINION
While this study attempts to correct factors that muddied previous research, few experts think the question of cancer and emotion is closed. Stanford psychiatrist David Spiegel notes that coping strategies are an important part of the picture and that they were not addressed by Coyne's research. He points to a study of breast cancer patients that provides evidence that survival has to do more with how people deal with emotions than how they feel. (Coyne believes the sample size in that study was inadequate and says larger studies oppose Spiegel's contention.) Spiegel says support groups and other therapies might improve outcomes by helping patients manage stress and improve communication with doctors. Coyne acknowledges the possibility that psychological support could affect survival by mechanisms other than emotional well-being but says no methodologically sound study has yet shown a relationship.
Reece Brown is Forest Green's third signing following their promotion to the League
Newly-promoted Forest Green Rovers have signed Reece Brown on a one-year contract after the midfielder was released by Birmingham City.
Brown, 21, made 16 league appearances during his time with the Blues, 12 of them as a substitute.
He played twice for Chesterfield during a loan spell last season and previously spent time on loan at Notts County.
"I'm happy to have signed for the club, especially with the team having just been promoted," Brown said.
"There should be a good buzz around the place and I'm looking forward to it.
"I don't really mind what league I'm playing in, as long as I'm playing football that's all that matters to me. I'm looking forward to the experience."
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Colleagues of an American student from Princeton University who was jailed in Iran on spying charges expressed shock on Monday, calling him a gifted and innocent history scholar whose ordeal has traumatized his family and community.
Academics and Iran experts said the arrest and punishment of the student, Xiyue Wang, first announced Sunday in Iran, may chill scholarly ties between the United States and Iran, subverting promises of more openness from its president, Hassan Rouhani.
“This kind of situation makes me wake up in a cold sweat,” said Bruce Carruthers, the director of the Buffett Institute for Global Studies at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. “It is a deeply worrisome event, and I hope to God that it is not a trend or harbinger of things to come.”
Despite the history of hostility between the United States and Iran, scholarly exchanges have survived. But Mr. Wang's case, Mr. Carruthers said, shows that “a visitor like that can be a bargaining chip.”
Cauvery
Mayya
un
Sakleshpur
Kolar
Chikkaballapur
National Green Tribunal
NGT
Mangaluru
Cauvery river basin
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Ministry of Environment and Forests
Netravathi
Netravati
Supreme Court
Dakshina Kannada
Swami
Swami Anand Swaroop
Ganga Sewa Samiti
environment
Anil Madhav Dave
Holla
Sahyadri Sanchya
Unesco
Dieppe
It would damage Western Ghats and reduce flow of the, says expertDr S G, former dean and professor of Water Resources Engineering, NITK, has labeled the Yettinahole project “misleading andacceptable”. The project, which aims to divert flood water from(West) to(East), is the bone of contention in four petitions that sit before the).Speaking at a meeting of activists held inon Thursday, Mayya said, “We have already seen the damage to the Cauvery basin this year. If the Yettinahole project comes up today, theregion will have more problems. Any damage to the Western Ghats will certainly reduce the flow of the Cauvery. The river basin is mainly fed from the catchment area inand. If I were in, I could have objected to this project on these lines. Nobody is looking at this issue. The project, presented by experts in Karnataka, is a shame to the engineering community,” he said.The hydrologist said the(MoEF) has been “totally misled”.“The government has presented it in the garb of an exclusive drinking water project. This is not true and the DPR makes this evident. The very fact is that out of 24 TMC ft, drinking water comprises only 15 TMC ft, while about 9 TMC ft is needed to fill the 495 irrigation tanks,” said Mayya.Speaking about the four petitions with the NGT, he said three of those argued on the basis of environmental issues, and hence are limited. “Our argument is not on environmental one, though it comes down to that. Our main argument is about our water rights, to use for the benefit ofriver basin stake-holders. We are arguing on the long-term water needs of our district or basin. We have taken our riparian rights,” he said. Theriver originates in the Western Ghats in Karnataka.“For inter-state river problems, we have the tribunal, which both states can approach, but for intra-state rivers there is no tribunal. If the concerned states do not bother with the water rights of river basin people, then these people will suffer great difficulties, because we have no platform on which to raise our grievances. At NGT, we have argued for our water rights, because that is the only platform we get on which to express our grievances. The next option is the,” he said. He added that the problems faced by the coastal region had not been addressed by Yettinahole “and this is going to be disastrous, not only for, but also for the people on the other side”.Referring to the recent Mahadayi judgment, he said, “The tribunal has exhaustively discussed and argued why water flowing in a river, adjoining the sea, cannot be called waste water. The water flowing in the river has a lot of functions to perform before it joins -- and even after it joins -- the sea. How can people call water going to the sea waste water,” he said.of, who was in Mangaluru on Thursday, decided to petition the MoEF, through which he intends to highlight the drawbacks in the DPR. “The project is false and is a disaster to the Western Ghats as well as Dakshina Kannada. In addition, I will also be speaking to theminister, a well-known river conservationist and environmentalist, about the project. I will tell the minister that the people of Kolar and Chikkaballapur are also opposing the same,” he said.The swami has been studying the project for the last year and has also visited Chikkaballapur and Kolar. He said about 95 per cent of the people are against the project: “The union government must intervene. It is not about Mangaluru or Dakshina Kannada. It is an issue about India. We will oppose the project and see to it that it is closed.”Dineshof the Team Mangaluru Kites for Hobby group, who is also the convenor of, working towards the preservation of the Western Ghats, will submit a letter highlighting the importance of conserving the biodiversity of Western Ghats to the assistant director general – Natural Sciences,, Paris, on behalf of the 19th International Kite Festival participants. The festival was held last month in, France. Holla said, “On getting to know about my work regarding protection of the environment, the mayor [of Dieppe] and organisers assured me that they would take up the issue at a global level. Sandrine Frebourg, organiser of the festival, and mayor Sébastien Jumel have agreed to bring up the issue of conserving biodiversity of the Western Ghats from a river diversion project [Yettinahole] with Unesco. A signature campaign was organised. A complete file on the project's environmental impact on the Western Ghats was presented. The mayor has assured me help to reach out to Unesco,” he said.
Scott Chimileski and Roberto Kolter are guest curators of a new exhibition at the Harvard Museum of Natural History, “Microbial Life: A Universe at the Edge of Sight,” open through September 3, 2019. (View video of a live tour of the exhibit, led by Chimileski and other researchers.)
Microbes create medicines, filter waste water, and clean pollution. They give cheese funky flavors, wines complex aromas, and bread a nutty crumb. Life at the Edge of Sight is a stunning visual exploration of the inhabitants of an invisible world, from the pioneering findings of a seventeenth-century visionary to magnificent close-ups of the inner workings and cooperative communities of Earth's most prolific organisms.
Using cutting-edge imaging technologies, Scott Chimileski and Roberto Kolter lead readers through breakthroughs and unresolved questions scientists hope microbes will answer soon. They explain how microbial studies have clarified the origins of life on Earth, guided thinking about possible life on other planets, unlocked evolutionary mechanisms, and helped explain the functioning of complex ecosystems. Microbes have been harnessed to increase crop yields and promote human health.
But equally impressive, Life at the Edge of Sight opens a beautiful new frontier for readers to explore through words and images. We learn that there is more microbial biodiversity on a single frond of duckweed floating in a Delft canal than the diversity of plants and animals that biologists find in tropical rainforests. Colonies with millions of microbes can produce an array of pigments that put an artist's palette to shame. The microbial world is ancient and ever-changing, buried in fossils and driven by cellular reactions operating in quadrillionths of a second. All other organisms have evolved within this universe of microbes, yielding intricate beneficial symbioses. With two experts as guides, the invisible microbial world awaits in plain sight.
Oct. 6, 2012. Michael Jace attends WordTheatre presents "Storytales" at Ford Amphitheatre in Los Angeles. (The Associated Press)
The wife of an actor known for his role on "The Shield" was having an affair before she was fatally shot by her husband last year and a jury should be told about it, a judge ruled Friday.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry ruled Friday that the affair should be mentioned to potential jurors and will be discussed during the upcoming trial against Michael Jace, but not in great detail.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I think the fact of the affair has some value to the search for the truth here," Perry said. The judge said he would likely not allow details about the length of the affair, or who April Jace was involved with, to be discussed during the trial.
"I'm not going to let the affair consume the trial," Perry said.
Jace's attorney, Jamon Hicks, said he planned to keep the focus on his client's intent before the May 19 killing in the Jaces' Los Angeles home.
"It is not the defense's intention to assassinate the character of the victim in this case," Hicks said after the hearing. "This is not a 'who-done-it' murder. This case is about whether Mr. Jace premeditated the killing or whether he snapped while in the heat of passion."
Jace shot his wife in their Los Angeles home on May 19, 2014, while their two young sons were present.
The issue of whether Jace knew about the affair will be an element of the trial now scheduled to begin on Jan. 25.
A prosecutor said the affair wasn't discovered until long after April Jace's death, and the actor apparently didn't mention it when he spoke to police after the killing.
Few details have been released about April Jace's killing but a prosecutor said Friday that Jace referenced his suspicions his wife was cheating on him in text messages sent hours before the killing. Deputy District Attorney Tannaz Mokayef said Jace was drinking and waiting for his wife to return home with their two sons from a baseball game, and that he shot her in the back over her plans to leave him.
Mokayef said Jace "in front of her kids shoots her twice more."
April Jace's autopsy report remains on a security hold and cannot be publicly released, according to a coroner's official.
Michael Jace called 911 after shooting his wife and waited for police to arrive. He has been in custody ever since.
The family of April Jace has called her death a senseless act of domestic violence.
Perry ruled Friday that allegations that Michael Jace had abused his previous wife could not be introduced at trial.
Audio of Jace's call has not been made public, but fire officials have released a 911 call from April Jace's father in which he says the actor told him he had shot the victim.
"My son-in-law called me, and (texted) me, and said come get the kids because he shot April, our daughter," the caller, whose name was redacted from the audio, told a fire department dispatcher.
The actor has pleaded not guilty. He is not disputing that he shot and killed his wife, but Hicks said the actor's intent is a key element on whether prosecutors can prove the killing was premeditated.
If convicted as charged, Jace faces up to 50 years in state prison.
April Jace, 40, a financial aid counselor at Biola University, had three sons, including the two with the actor.
Michael Jace also appeared on the show "Southland" and had small roles in the movies "Planet of the Apes," ''Boogie Nights" and "Forrest Gump."
After seeing several people ice fishing and playing hockey on the Detroit River, the Windsor Port Authority is warning everyone to stay off the ice.
Chunks of ice on the river are nowhere near safe for walking, explained Peter Barry, harbour master.
"That ice isn't ready for them whatsoever," he said. "It's still grey, it's still brittle."
Barry suggests fishermen should be looking for ice that is 15 cm thick in a significant area around them, not just along the shore.
Windsor Port Authority harbour master Peter Barry says it's still too early in the year for walking on Detroit River ice. (Jason Viau/CBC)
He urges everyone to stay off the ice at this time of year. Anyone wandering out also puts other people at risk because someone has to try to rescue them.
"The conditions are still very dangerous for anybody to attempt to walk out on the ice on any part of the Detroit River," Barry said. "To think you can walk out on the water — walk your dog or go for a gentle stroll — it's very irresponsible at this point because you're putting people at risk."
Are you strapped for cash like a former world champion jobbing for pain killers? Here are 10 indie shows you can watch right now that won't break the bank.
New Generation Wrestling
NGW is a large, well-produced indie promotion in the United Kingdom that releases a weekly show available free on YouTube.
Notable alumni include Fit Finlay and Rockstar Spud. NGW has a fairly robust roster including current Undisputed Champion Nathan Cruz and indie veteran El Ligero. Recently NGW signed a partnership with Jeff Jarett's Global Force Wrestling to increase cross-pond exposure for talent.
Experience the best Great Britain has to offer and check out their latest episode here at ngwuk.com.
2. New England Championship Wrestling
Based in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, the NECW has survived since 2000 to become the best known promotion in the north-east United States. Droves of well-known wrestlers have competed in NECW's ring and top talent continues to show up week after week. Known for the depth of its women's championship roster and its family friendly shows, New England Championship Wrestling has become popular both on the Internet and regionally.
Catch all the action every week on their YouTube page.
West Coast Championship Wrestling Connection
The WCWC is the Pacific Northwest's premier championship wrestling organization operating out of Oregon's capitol city Salem. Every week you can catch their show, West Coast Wrestling Connection on YouTube and the local KPDX-TV station late at night. Former WWE stars such as Gangrel and Matt Striker are regulars at the show.
They have three championship belts, a Pacific Northwest Championship and Legacy Championship are both currently held by the local favorite Eric Righ. The WCWC Tag Team Championship which was won by Ricky Gibson and Greg Romero on February 6th of this year. The WCWC puts on a very consistently good show that many agree carries the torch for Portland wrestling.
You can watch the latest West Coast Championship Wrestling every Monday at noon pacific time on YouTube.
Combat Zone Wrestling: Dojo Wars
Do you like your wrestling to be EXTREEEEME? Well New Jersey's own Combat Zone Wrestling has had your hookup for years. In addition to their well-known, ultra-violent pay-per-view events, CZW produces a tamer, bi-weekly show that's free on YouTube called Dojo Wars.
Dojo Wars showcases the best up and comers from the CZW Academy in Blackwood, NJ every other week and gives you a glimpse of what it's like to train to be a professional wrestler. If you are in the area, the events are a bargain at only $5 for admission. Most of these ferocious fighters are green and hustling to make a name for themselves but seasoned professionals and wrestlers from other gyms occasionally come for a challenge. Absent from the show are the familiar bloodbaths and 30 foot drops we've come to expect from the Combat Zone, and in its place is a much more pure form of the sport that all wrestling buffs can appreciate.
Watch the future of pro wrestling take shape at Dojo Wars every other week on their Youtube channel.
Ohio Valley Wrestling
Ohio Valley Wrestling is an indie promo most of us have heard of owing to the depth of talent that has emerged from its ranks over the years. WWE Stars from John Cena to Brock Lesnar all cut their teeth with this Louisville, Kentucky outfit. Their official relationships with the NWA, WWE and TNA have now come to pass but don't let that dissuade you. Fresh talent is still here putting on fantastic matches in the mid-eastern United States.
You can see the latest episode of OVW TV in high-definition on their website every Thursday afternoon.
Reality of Wrestling
Booker T's own independent promotion that runs out of Houston Texas brings some of pro wrestling's biggest draws and top unsigned talent to the squared circle every week. Booker T's knack for matchmaking and industry connections have helped propel RoW into a local sensation. On their weekly show you'll see the best the indies have to offer with regulars such as Diamonds Champion Kylie Rae joined by special guests like Kurt Angle. The best part? All of the proceeds from RoW events go to charities for causes such as autism and flood relief.
Make some time to watch 45 minutes of one of the best produced indie shows on the internet today at realityofwrestling.com.
Rocky Mountain Pro Wrestling
National Wrestling Alliance holdout Rocky Mountain Pro Wrestling has been putting on family friendly pro wrestling match ups in the Colorado and Utah for a few years now and it's never been easier to catch all of the action from the comfort of your own home. Former WWE/WCW writer Vince Russo recently joined the team and the promotion is headed for television with its weekly show Charged which will air on the Hunt Channel in a prime time slot. This is sure to lead to greater exposure for local favorites like Curtis Cole and Taeler Hendrix who will appear at ShockTober this fall.
Watch Rocky Mountain Pro Charged every week for free on their YouTube channel every Thursday to see what could be the next top indie company take shape.
Gold Rush Pro Wrestling
GRPW is a regional promotion operating in Pacifica, California that have put together many high quality matchups and tournaments that support local school fund-raising effort. Although they don't have a weekly program they do stream all of their events live online and it never fails to entertain.
If you can't make it to the left coast to see the spectacle in person, you can check out the matches and replays of their latest events on their YouTube channel.
Paragon Pro Wrestling
PPW is relatively new but the shows production value and larger than life characters make this quick watch easily worth the price of admission (free). Founded in 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada Paragon's shows punch above their weight featuring highly talented indie wrestlers cutting major tv quality promos. If they can continue to hold audience's attention with their self-described ‘old-school' approach and character driven storylines they just might make it.
See Paragon Pro Wrestling TV on YouTube and the FITE app every Saturday.
Championship Wrestling from Hollywood
Championship Wrestling from Hollywood (CWFH) premiered in 2010 and has so far racked up over 250 hours of wrestling so far with no signs of stopping. United Wrestling Network Television Champion “Main Event” James Morgan currently leads a fantastic roster of indie regulars and former big names such as Jake the Snake Roberts and X-Pac making appearances.
Watch CWFH free with the FITE app for android and iOS.
This is just a small sample of what's currently available in our golden-age of independent wrestling. Don't forget, just because these shows are free of charge, doesn't mean they don't have costs. Most of these guys and gals rely on merchandise, tickets and pay-per-view sales to pay the bills. Support independent wrestling and buy something once in a while!
Advertisements
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Osama bin Laden was aware of the plot in which al Qaeda militants bombed London transport facilities on July 7, 2005, but it was the last successful operation he played a role in, U.S. government experts have concluded.
Osama bin Laden is shown watching himself on television, with U.S. President Barack Obama also on screen, in this video frame grab released by the U.S. Pentagon May 7, 2011. REUTERS/Pentagon/Handout/Files
Circumstantial evidence, including information gathered from the Abbotabad, Pakistan, hide-out where U.S. Navy SEALs killed bin Laden on May 2, also suggests that bin Laden had advance knowledge of an unsuccessful London-based 2006 plot to simultaneously bomb U.S.-bound transatlantic flights, several U.S. national security officials said.
“Bin Laden was absolutely a detail guy. We have every reason to believe that he was aware of al Qaeda's major plots during the planning phase, including the airline plot in 2006 and the London ‘7-7' attacks,” one of the U.S. officials told Reuters. This official and others spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss counter-terrorism matters.
Some of the confidence U.S. officials expressed about bin Laden's involvement in the London attacks is based on analytical judgment rather than ironclad proof. Two of the officials said that there was no “smoking gun” evidence proving that he orchestrated the plots.
However, they and other U.S. officials said there is strong evidence, including material collected from bin Laden's lair, indicating that, as the London-based plots unfolded, bin Laden was in close contact with other al Qaeda militants. One official said bin Laden was “immersed in operational details” of the group's activities.
“We believe he was aware of these plots ahead of time,” one of the officials said.
Fifty-two civilians, and four suicide bombers, died in the July 7, 2005, attacks on three London underground trains and a double-decker bus. Hundreds were injured. It was “the last successful operation Osama bin Laden oversaw,” a second official said.
The latest assessments from U.S. and other Western officials support assertions by the Obama administration that, despite years of apparent isolation in Abbotabad, bin Laden still managed to keep in touch with activities — sometimes in considerable detail — of his followers around the world.
NO EVIDENCE OF NEW PLOTS
By the same token, the cache of evidence found in bin Laden's lair does not offer new indications about any specific current plots he was involved in directed at U.S. or other Western targets.
Investigations by British authorities, with support from the United States and other allies, established some time ago that elements of al Qaeda's core leadership had played a role in the 2005 London transport attacks.
Investigators found evidence that Mohammad Sidique Khan, leader of the four-man militant cell who carried out the bombings, and another cell member had traveled to Pakistan for paramilitary training before the attacks.
Until recently, however, investigators had not linked bin Laden personally to the July 7, 2005, attacks. Two weeks after those bombings, a cell of militants attempted a second round of attacks on London transport facilities but their bombs failed to go off.
A Western official said there was also reason to believe that al Qaeda's core leadership was involved in orchestrating subsequent failed plots against European and U.S. targets.
One of the plots that U.S. officials believe bin Laden was at least aware of was a 2006 plot to bomb multiple U.S.-bound transatlantic airline flights using home-made liquid explosives.
The plot was disrupted when British authorities launched a major roundup of suspects. Flights to and from Britain were severely disrupted and tight new restrictions were placed on passenger carry-on items such as liquids and gels.
U.S. and European officials also believe that al Qaeda “senior leadership” supervised a 2009 plot, led by an Afghan immigrant, to bomb New York's subway system. That plot was disrupted when U.S. authorities arrested the alleged mastermind, Najibullah Zazi, and a handful of associates.
Since bin Laden was killed, evidence has emerged that he was personally involved in plots against European targets last year, one U.S. official said. Intelligence about these plots led to the issuing of public travel warnings by European and U.S. government agencies beginning late September.
Counter-terrorism officials warned at the time that militants might be targeting cities in European countries, including Germany, France and Britain, for strikes similar to the commando attacks in Mumbai, India, which a group of Pakistan-based militants carried out in November 2008.
Pink's Hart and Huntington sexy photo shoot is all around the net. The singer posed with her husband for his clothing link in a very hot campaign!Pink and her husband Carey Hart were on the rocks for a while, and it seemed like they were going to become another Hollywood statistic. But it looks like the couple s back on track, and their chemistry is hotter than ever.
Pink's Hart and Huntington pictures have hit the web, and they are super sexy! The singer poses in clothing from her husband's line, which is a spin off from his tattoo shop and is based on the designs of artists that work at the Hart and Huntington Tattoo Company. The clothing is super fun, with items like super short shorts, and crop tops – perfect summer wear.
Thought I am not a huge fan of Pink personally, there is no denying that she is super talented and has a killer body. No wonder she was fit enough to do that amazing trapeze show at this year's Video Music Awards. Girlfriend is in shape! I am not a fan of all of her tattoos either, but they are fitting for her personality, and aren't half bad.Hopefully we will get to see more another Pink Hart and Huntington sexy photo shoot in the near future. You can check out a full gallery of the pictures here.
Things are not going well in Charlotte. But fans who expected a leap forward upon the return of the teal can take solace in two things:
1. The Hornets play in the East. Any roster sitting at 4-14 would be toast in the West, save for the very unique situation in which an injury-depleted contender reincorporates two of the league's 10 best players. But the Hornets have played the second-toughest schedule of any Eastern Conference team, with a four-game West Coast road trip and a bunch of home dates against Western Conference heavyweights already in the rearview. Things will get better, even with Charlotte's bricky offense and a once-stout defense that has sprung gaping holes in all the wrong places.
2. The Hornets have been aggressive making trade calls, according to sources across the league.
The Hornets are searching for upgrades on the wing and at power forward, per those sources, and they are willing to talk turkey on basically anyone other than Kemba Walker and Al Jefferson. Free agents signed this past offseason can't be traded until December 15, and few would be surprised if the Hornets make and take calls on Lance Stephenson ahead of that trigger date.
The Hornets viewed Stephenson as a dose of perimeter dynamism for a plodding offense built around Walker's pick-and-roll work and Professor Al's post-up trickery. The 2013-14 version of that offense didn't really have a third leg — a creative off-the-dribble threat waiting on the weak side when smart defenses snuffed out the good stuff. Stephenson didn't promise to solve Charlotte's fatal spacing issues, but with Indiana he was an average 3-point shooter and a bullying rim attacker on the pick-and-roll.
It hasn't worked. Charlotte ranks 27th in points per 100 possessions, and Stephenson has been a train wreck. He's shooting just 37 percent overall and a ghastly 7-of-38 from deep. He passes up open 3s, choosing instead to whip out an array of fancy crossovers and behind-the-back jobs that go nowhere. Stephenson's drive-and-dish game has opened up good looks for teammates, but his shooting issues have outweighed his bursts of productive creativity.
He's clanking almost every pull-up jumper on the pick-and-roll, which means that when Stephenson can't get all the way to the cup, he's a borderline liability. Opposing defenses know that Stephenson won't pull from deep, and they've taken an extra step or so away from him when he doesn't have the ball. Charlotte's offense is in clogged toilet mode, leaving Jefferson and the team's ball handlers to navigate a thicket of bodies just to approach the dotted line:
That's Gerald Henderson squeezing a pass to Jefferson on a left-side pick-and-roll. Note Stephen Curry barely guarding Walker. Charlotte's newly re-signed point guard has a nice stroke and a “clutch” reputation, but he's a career 31.8 percent shooter from deep struggling badly this season.
Here's Walker turning the corner on a pick-and-roll with Jefferson, finding nowhere to go:
The Hornets rank toward the bottom of the league in drives per game, and they are among the league's worst catch-and-shoot teams, per SportVU data.
Stephenson is an easy scapegoat, and that's partly his own doing. His body language has been horrible, and that degrades morale. He pouts when he doesn't get the ball on the weak side, flapping his wings and looking skyward as if his teammates have wronged him. He steals rebounds, and he hot dogs with the ball at times.
But this is not all about Stephenson — not by a long shot. He hasn't made a dent in Charlotte's shooting issues, but he's an upgrade over basically any alternative available to Steve Clifford. Henderson can't shoot 3s, falling out of Clifford's rotation for a bit as a result. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist has remade his jumper, but he's not a threat from beyond 20 feet yet.
P.J. Hairston draws rain on his jumper, but he's a rookie, and he has predictably struggled on defense. Charlotte played league-average ball on offense in the second half of last season, and while some of that was about Jefferson getting healthy after some ankle issues, the acquisitions of Gary Neal and Chris Douglas-Roberts let the offense breathe. Both are capable shooters, and Neal surprised the team with his ballhandling.
“I envisioned him more than just a spot-up player,” Clifford told me earlier this month. “But he can really play off the dribble.”
But Neal has been dealing with injuries, and he's a defensive liability. The Hornets have played Walker and Brian Roberts, their backup point guard, together more in Neal's absence, and defending with that kind of size deficit is always tough.
The Hornets don't have a good defender with 3-point range in their entire perimeter rotation. Kidd-Gilchrist, who has missed the last 10 games with a foot injury, may be their closest thing to a two-way wing player; you know he's going to bring killer defense every night, and on at least some of those nights, he'll scrounge out points on cuts, transition chances, rebounds, and herky-jerky drives that confuse defenders.
They need Kidd-Gilchrist's defense badly. Charlotte ranks 25th in points allowed per possession after shocking everyone with a sixth-place finish last season. The basic foundation is the same: Charlotte is keeping opponents away from the rim, limiting fast-break chances, coaxing a ton of midrange jumpers, and cleaning the glass.
Opponents are just hitting more shots this season. Charlotte's opponents have nailed 65.5 percent of their shots in the restricted area, the second-worst mark in the league for defenses, and they're torching the Hornets on corner 3s. Some of that is early-season noise, related in part to having faced a pile of elite Western Conference offenses.
But everyone is just a little bit worse this season, and with Kidd-Gilchrist gone, those incremental drips have added up to a deluge. Jefferson has always been a glaring minus on defense, but he survived in Clifford's conservative scheme last season. He looks slower this season, both against the pick-and-roll and especially as the last line of defense at the rim. He's nearly helpless there, a ground-bound swiper.
Leaks along the perimeter are forcing Jefferson to plug more crises, and he's just unfit for that. Walker and Roberts are dying on screens or going far under them, leading to open jumpers or penetration into the middle of the floor:
Everyone has been weirdly susceptible to backdoor cuts, leaving Jefferson in the lurch near the basket. When opponents force the Hornets into rotations, the second or third rotation — the one where someone flies out at an open shooter — too often just doesn't happen. Stephenson has been strong on the ball, but he has been late darting in from the weak side on help assignments; that's him standing listlessly in the left corner as Tyson Chandler soars for a dunk:
This will all turn around some, but it's possible Clifford pulled a bit of smoke-and-mirrors magic last season.
Kidd-Gilchrist won't help their spacing, which was always going to be bad. The Hornets did nothing on the fringes to address their shooting woes in the offseason, choosing instead to hunt big game in Gordon Hayward and Stephenson. They splurged on a $14 million, two-year deal for Marvin Williams to replace Josh McRoberts as the stretch power forward who could toss entry passes to Jefferson. Williams doesn't quite fit that role as a starter. He's undersized, which can kill the Hornets on defense in the wrong matchups, and he's a below-average 3-point shooter. Real stretch power forwards force opposing defenses to scrap basic principles in order to account for their shooting. They warp the very shape of opposing defenses.
Defenses don't drop away from Ryan Anderson and Dirk Nowitzki like this on the pick-and-roll:
Those are unfair comparisons, of course. The Hornets didn't sign Williams thinking he could shoot like those grenade launchers. But a stretch power forward who causes no disruption for enemy defenses really isn't a stretch power forward. He's just a smaller-than-usual power forward trying to survive at the position.
Charlotte fans clamoring for McRoberts should note he has shot 42 percent in limited minutes in Miami. The McRoberts of the early 2014-15 season would not fix what has ailed Charlotte. Peak McRoberts doesn't panic defenses with his shooting, but he's bulkier than Williams in the post and on the glass, and he's leagues better than Williams as a passer, cutter, and screen-setter.
The Hornets could have re-signed McRoberts at just over $5 million per season had they made such an offer out of the gate on July 1, but they chose to let him field offers with the intention of matching, per Rick Bonnell of the Charlotte Observer. Bonnell reports that the strategy irked McRoberts, and multiple sources confirmed that chain of events.
In hindsight, it's clear the Hornets did not do enough to remedy their lack of shooting. Any offense built around post-ups cannot afford to surround those post-up threats with crappy shooting. Ask the Grizzlies, who haven't had an above-average offense since trading for Zach Randolph. They survive because of superior point guard play and the presence of a second all-world post player, Marc Gasol, who can provide a precious extra bit of spacing by facilitating from the elbows.
♦♦♦
Hindsight is easy, of course. The hothouse of free agency is hard, with 29 rival teams, false rumors galore, and agents playing team against team while the clock ticks on every player's choice. Toss in an owner, Michael Jordan, who badly wanted a playoff push in the first year of Hornets Redux, and you can understand why general manager Rich Cho and his crew went for big names above all else.
There were other shooters out there. The Thunder snagged Anthony Morrow for just $3 million per season. The Nuggets didn't even have to send out a first-round pick to nab Arron Afflalo, though the Hornets lacked an expendable-ish prospect on Evan Fournier's level that could have served as Afflalo bait.
The Drakes got Lou Williams and a prospect at the low, low cost of John Salmons's nonguaranteed deal. The Bucks banked a first-round pick and a useful wing in Jared Dudley by leveraging two partially guaranteed deals and the Clippers' desperation to unload salary. C.J. Miles has stunk it up between migraines and other issues for the Pacers, but he's a proven 3-point shooter earning about $4.5 million per year on his new deal.
Shawne Williams, earning the minimum, has been a better stretch power forward for the Heat than Marvin Williams has been for the Hornets. The Wizards got Paul Pierce for about $1.5 million less per season than Marvin Williams; Pierce shares an agent with Jefferson, Walker, Cody Zeller, and Noah Vonleh, and he could have toggled between both forward positions for the Hornets.
Channing Frye, struggling to find his place in Orlando, is a real stretch power forward — though with an $8 million salary, he might have required more cap gymnastics than the Hornets had in their arsenal.
Again: This stuff is not easy. The Pistons also yearned for shooting, and they outbid the market with a $19 million deal for Jodie Freaking Meeks. Free agency is a whirlwind, and not all of these guys were available to the Hornets at the right time at the right price. Almost none of them had the long-term growth potential Hayward and Stephenson held for a franchise that should still be concerned mostly with the long term.
Bottom line: The Hornets traded Brendan Haywood's hugely valuable contract for an extra $2 million in cap space, and they came away with Williams and Stephenson. The play for Stephenson was a worthy risk; I praised it at the time, and I stand by it now, even with all we're coming to know of Stephenson. He's a 24-year-old two-way talent who came via a team-friendly three-year contract, including a team option on Year 3. That is the kind of bet a small-market team should make. It hasn't worked, but the process was sound, and there is still a ton of time for things to turn around.
But it seems possible that one tree, shaken with appropriate aggression, would have yielded something better than Williams.
Now the Hornets are in trouble, and they'll scour the trade market while hoping the status quo roster can find just enough punch to trample over a few of the teams that will surely stumble down the Eastern Conference ladder. You could see them making calls on a number of potentially available wings: Randy Foye or Wilson Chandler in the Denver overflow pile; Jeff Green in Boston, capable of swinging between both forward positions; Corey Brewer, suddenly weirdly essential for a banged-up Minnesota team; and in a much lower trade-value range, shooting tweeners like Dorell Wright and old friend Anthony Tolliver.
The Hornets have to be careful here. They cannot trade themselves into anything like contendership, and they cannot afford to cough up a valuable future asset to chase the no. 7 spot — not even within a conference in which the presumed top two seeds have played uneven ball. They may well get there without doing anything.
Any team haggling with Charlotte over a quality player will ask about Zeller, Vonleh, and a future first-round pick; Henderson's a tempting suggestion, but his $6 million player option for next season kills his trade value. Zeller has cooled after a strong start, but he's a 22-year-old seven-footer with clear NBA skills — teams should tread carefully in flipping those guys. Vonleh is completely unproven but well-liked by personnel guys. Charlotte's 2015 first-rounder may well end up in the lottery, and teams these days almost never trade picks with a high lottery likelihood.
You don't mess with these kinds of assets unless you're getting a real impact player you might be able to keep for at least one season beyond this one. And if the Hornets aren't messing with those assets, they're just not going to get much.
But that's the good news: They may not need much to reach the playoffs, and that's the only real goal here. Winning a couple of postseason games would be nice, and these guys were surely dreaming just a month ago of hosting Cleveland in Games 3 and 4 of the conference semifinals.
The Hornets last season were a nice story, but they were really just a middling team with limited upside that relished the good feeling of late April games after years of stagnation. That alone would do this season — after such an abysmal start, the Hornets might be able to get there without a major shakeup. And if they don't? Enjoy the lottery pick. Work your cap space properly. Lean on Jefferson to re-sign at a reasonable number. And try again next season.
Intro
So you finally finished the blender scene you've been working on, but it got so complex, even rendering a low-quality preview takes too long on your PC?
(If your PC can easily handle rendering and other stuff at the same time or is dedicated to rendering, this tutorial is not for you)
Look at my awesome preview, it took just 75 minutes to render!
- Someone renders on a potato
What is "Google cloud"
In that case, you should consider rendering your project on the Google cloud platform.
Google Cloud Platform is a set of cloud computing services offered by Google. It includes a range of hosted services for compute, storage and application development that run on Google's hardware. For our purposes, we're only interested in the Google Compute Engine (GCE). I'm going to call it "Compute".
Compute allows us to create virtual machines ("VMs") with a customizable amount of RAM and cores running on Google's hardware. Compute Engine is a pay-per-usage service and maybe not optimal regarding pricing on a long run, but they offer a free trial that includes $300 on any Google Cloud product (and a 60-day limit) wich should totally suffice to get your project done.
Important to know is that either a credit card, debit card, or bank account is required to get registered with Google Cloud!
What is "Sheep It"?
As the website says, SheepIt is a free distributed renderfarm for Blender.
But what is a render farm?
A render farm is a computer system, e.g. a computer cluster, built to render images and animations faster by splitting the workload between the connected devices. If every machine in the network renders one image of an animation, it'll obviously be done way faster than with a single machine.
But SheepIt is not only the platform that manages projects and their distribution, but it's also an awesome community of people who help each other render their projects. That's how they stay completely free, the community renders their projects. I highly encourage you to keep your VM(s) running, rendering other projects, if you happen to have credits left after finishing your project. Doing that will also get you quite some points for later on when you might need to render something large again.
What are points?
To quote their FAQ
Points are used to order the list of projects. The more points you have, the higher priority your project will have.
You will earn points by sharing your computer to help render. But you will lose some when someone renders one of your frames.
https://www.sheepit-renderfarm.com/faq.php
Setting up the VMs
At this point, you should have registered a Google cloud account and selected Compute from the menu on the right.
This is what you should see, except for the running instances I already set up prior to writing this there should be a dialog asking you to either create a new instance or go through a quick tutorial.
The next thing to do is create a new instance.
I'll go through the right settings step by step.
The first thing you'll probably notice is the cost per month that is on the right. This might look a bit scary when it goes up to $100 plus but as Google themselves mentioned a couple of times during signup and the tutorial no actual costs or fees can come up unless you manually upgrade your Google cloud account to a paid account. So don't worry about going crazy with the settings, the only thing that can happen is running out of free credits
The name
I named my new VM tutorial-instance but this is up to you.
The machine type
This is one of the important steps. Because these VMs don't have a powerful GPU, we really need to get the most out of the CPU cores. Thus we set them to the maximum of 8 cores for free account (Upgraded account can select up to 32 cores)
Select the last option from the drop-down menu
*8 vCPUs 7.2GB memory, n1-highcpu-8
You can click customise to set cores and memory manually, but after running and monitoring them while they rendered more memory didn't seem necessary to me.
The boot disk
Leave the boot disk at the pre-selected "Debian GNU/Linux 8 (jessie)". There's not a lot of interaction with the OS after everything has been set up once. The disk size of 10GB is also more than enough.
Identity and API access
Can stay as it is
Firewall
Here we need to check 'Enable HTTP traffic.'
That's it. Your new instance should now show up in your list of instances. After a little while, a small circle with a checkmark will appear and you can click on 'ssh' on the right
Setting up the SheepIT client
Now you should go ahead and register an account at sheepit if you haven't done that already. Create a new project and upload your files but read their FAQ first because some things like fluid physics require certain preparations. By default SheepIt is set up to render your own projects first.
Sign in and head to the 'Get started' section, scroll down to the 'Tiny FAQ' and expand the 'Can I launch the client without a web browser?' section. Right-click the jar file link and copy its address.
Now switch to the SSH window you opened previously (The console)
Enter 'wget' hit space and paste the link you copied earlier. The jar file will now be downloaded to the VM into the root folder.
Type 'ls' and hit enter to confirm that the file exists.
minzkraut@tutorial-instance:~$ wget https://www.sheepit-renderfarm.com/media/applet/sheepit-client-5.292.2728.ja r --2017-01-06 19:05:27-- https://www.sheepit-renderfarm.com/media/applet/sheepit-client-5.292.2728.jar Resolving www.sheepit-renderfarm.com (www.sheepit-renderfarm.com)... 188.165.217.72, 2001:41d0:2:a448::1 Connecting to www.sheepit-renderfarm.com (www.sheepit-renderfarm.com)|188.165.217.72|:443... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 1966815 (1.9M) [application/java-archive] Saving to: ‘sheepit-client-5.292.2728.jar' sheepit-client-5.292.2728.j 100%[=============================================>] 1.88M 2.87MB/s in 0.7s 2017-01-06 19:05:28 (2.87 MB/s) - ‘sheepit-client-5.292.2728.jar' saved [1966815/1966815] minzkraut@tutorial-instance:~$ ls sheepit-client-5.292.2728.jar minzkraut@tutorial-instance:~$
Now rename the file to 'sheepit-client.jar' by executing this command:
`mv sheepit-client-x.xxx.x.jar sheepit.jar``
Replace the X's with whatever version number you got but usually typing 'she' followed by Tab should autocomplete the filename.
Running the client requires the Java runtime which we can install with the following command
apt-get install default-jre confirm everything with 'Y Enter ' and wait for the installation to finish. It should only take about a minute.
Now we have everything we need to start rendering, but for convenience sake we're going to make a tiny script that starts the process. Open up an editor by typing 'nano start.sh' and hit enter. Copy this snippet and paste it into the SSH window
#!/usr/bin/env bash java -jar /home/USERNAME/sheepit.jar -ui text -login USERNAME -password PASSWORD
As Joshua Greenplate pointed out, you need to add the -ui text argument because otherwise it'll try to start a graphical interface. Also check out his tip on making VM management and rendering easier in his comment below
Replace the credentials with your sheepit login and hit Ctrl + O make sure the filename is 'start.sh' and hit enter
Ctrl + X closes the editor
Now mark the start script as an executable by entering 'chmod +x start.sh'
Awesome, we're almost good to go.
Rendering in a tmux session
The rendering process can be started with the command
'./start.sh' (the dot and the slash are important) BUT it would be stopped as soon as we'd leave the SSH session. To keep it running in the background, we need a tool called tmux. We can install it just like we did with the Java runtime, run this command:
'sudo apt-get install tmux'
Run tmux with command 'tmux'! You now should see a green bar at the bottom. At this point we can start rendering ('./start.sh' as mentioned) and leave the tmux session by hitting Ctrl + B and then D (for "detach"), it is now running in the backround. ('tmux a' will get you back into the session)
Close the terminal/SSH-Window
Duplicating the instance
Cool, we got out instance running and rendering but just one. We can do better. We could just repeat all the steps from above to spawn a new VM, but that's way too much work. Instead, we'll create a snapshot of the instance we got and duplicate it!
Click "Snapshots" in the Google cloud menu and hit "Create Snapshot" at the top. Select your previously created instance as the source disk and create the snapshot.
Now wait for the Snapshot to be created and open it, then hit "Create instance" in the upper right. Set the settings for this instance like you did before but make sure to select a zone that you haven't used before since a free account is limited to a certain number of cores per zone.
After the instance has been created, you can start rendering as before (Open the SSH connection, start tmux and render)
Now go ahead and get your projects done
Digitalizing the manufacture of insoles
It will soon be possible to digitalize the manufacture of insoles. LAUF, a German acronym for “laser-assisted construction of customized footwear”, refers to a project funded by Germany's Federal Ministry of Education and Research. Researchers from the Fraunhofer Institutes for Mechanics of Materials IWM and for Environmental, Safety, and Energy Technology UMSICHT are collaborating with industry partners on the process of digitalization. “Digital foot mapping is already common practice. As part of this project, we have now also completely digitalized the insole production process,” says IWM scientist Dr. Tobias Ziegler. “Using newly developed software, the orthopedic shoemaker can design an insole for an individual patient and can print out the result on a 3D printer.” This has a number of immediate advantages: On the one hand, the techanical properties of each insole become readily apparent, which is something health insurance companies want. On the other, insoles can be produced at greatly reduced cost. In two or so years, this software might be available to orthopedic technicians through IETEC, a member of the project.
Covestro and Lehmann&Voss&Co laid the foundations for the 3D printing of insoles some years ago. These industry partners were the first to develop a soft material for 3D printing in the form of thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU). Working together with UMSICHT experts, they are now developing other types of TPU that are expected to be even more suitable for use in orthopedic insoles.
Accurate adjustment of insole rigidity
IWM scientists have meanwhile been optimizing the three-dimensional structures that are required of TPU when it is used for insoles. How soft or rigid insoles are depends not just on the material itself, but also on how it is shaped. “First we think about structures – straight rods, crooked arms, or triangles, for instance – then we produce a computer model of them, key in the data for a particular material, and simulate how rigid the result is under pressure,” Ziegler explains. “Where does an insole need to be soft, or more rigid? By altering the structure type, we can precisely determine the rigidity of the insole.” The IWM team uses application-oriented load simulations to resolve which structures are needed where to achieve the desired properties. They test the material's load-bearing strength and its expected lifespan. “We simulate the entire production process, too, in order to identify where there is potential for optimization,” Ziegler explains. He also uses this approach in relation to other materials and structures for 3D printing.
Data relating to different insoles is next sent to Fraunhofer IWM's industrial partners rpm GmbH and Sintermask. Their 3D printers print them by means of selective laser sintering, an additive manufacturing technique. Another partner, Explius, is responsible for processing the 3D data. The job of the team at Fraunhofer UMSICHT is to optimize the printing process. Once an insole has been printed, it goes back to Fraunhofer IWM, where it is tested to the point of failure using tensile, abrasion, and bending tests. The first insole prototypes have already been produced in this way.
What is selective laser sintering (SLS)?
Selective laser sintering, SLS for short, is an additive manufacturing technique, meaning that objects are built up layer by layer. Its basic material is powdered plastic that is uniformly distributed across a surface. A laser sinters the powdered material, which causes its particles to bond. Once the first layer is complete, the surface is lowered and the next layer is applied. Now that the essential patent for the technique has expired, this manufacturing method is booming. More and more equipment manufacturers are entering the market, with prices falling as a result.
LAUF project partners:
Fraunhofer Institute for Mechanics of Materials IWM
Fraunhofer Institute for Environmental, Safety, and Energy Technology UMSICHT
IETEC Orthopädische Einlagen GmbH Produktions KG
Covestro AG
Lehmann&Voss&Co. KG
rpm - rapid product manufacturing GmbH
Sintermask GmbH
• Explius GmbH
Contact
Tobias Ziegler
Phone +49 761 5142-367
Send E-mail
What happens when you put together thousands and thousands of creative, intelligent, and varied people on a community Web site with a broad scope and few rules? For starters, you get a massive exercise in group psychology and the meme concept put forth by Richard Dawkins. You get a factory for a majority of the Internet's fads, pastimes, and jokes. You get an amorphous antagonist of religious, industry, and political leaders. You get Anonymous.
Anonymous has received some attention recently for its cyber-attack on HBGary Federal security services and its threats and scattered actions against Koch Industries' Web sites and the Westboro Baptist Church. Anonymous has been called everything from activists to hackers (and, yes, hacktivists). They're viewed by some as folk heroes, by others as terrorists. But who are they? Well, they're Anonymous.
Anonymous first garnered national attention over three years ago when it formed to take on the Church of Scientology. Anonymous staged protests against the church and promoted Project Chanology's own anti-Scientology campaign, decrying the church's tactics and ideals. I covered one of Anonymous' protests at the Church of Scientology near Times Square in New York. Hundreds of Anonymous came out wearing Guy Fawkes masks inspired by the graphic novel and film V for Vendetta, holding up signs protesting the Church of Scientology.
Since the Scientology protests, Anonymous has adopted other causes. It helped Iranian protesters in 2009 with the creation of the Anonymous Iran support site. It hacked the sites of businesses with anti-Wikileaks policies in 2010. It spammed YouTube with pornography. It attacked the Australian government over censorship. It took down the web site of white supremacist radio personality Hal Turner. It vandalized the Epilepsy Foundation of America's forum. It got an accused child molester arrested. And all of these things were done by different people from different places, at different times. Yet, they were all Anonymous.
Anonymous is not the name of an organization. In fact, "organization" is the least appropriate word to describe the phenomenon that is Anonymous. It might be better to call Anonymous a movement, or a trend, or even a philosophy. However, the best ways to describe Anonymous is as a group action, a spontaneous and unified activity performed by like-minded people with no specific starting point. Fans of anime might call Anonymous a "stand-alone complex."
My understanding of Anonymous comes from watching it at work. I've seen Anonymous mobilize against different enemies, for different causes, on different sites, and in different ways. Because it is so amorphous, the only way to truly understand Anonymous is to simply witness it in action, from the forums of 4chan to the streets of New York.
There is no roster with the names of Anonymous' members. There is no flow chart showing Anonymous' hierarchy. Indeed, there is no hierarchy to be charted. Anonymous' membership, if it can be called that, is scattered throughout the web site 4chan and parts beyond. It's just collections of people, connecting on the Internet and forming under the banner of Anonymous. When 4chan users see a cause that calls to them, they reach out and become Anonymous, serving as activists for that cause and antagonists for anyone they see as enemies of that cause.
The key to understanding Anonymous is its name, and the duality it bears. Everyone acting within Anonymous acts as an individual, on their own and with no orders or mandate. Some are hackers. Some are quiet protesters. Some are rabble-rousers. Some are pranksters. However, every individual remains faceless, nameless, and unwanting of attention beyond that which he/she/they seek through direct action. Anonymous simply forms across the Internet when a cause is made apparent.
Social sites have given rise to Anonymous through their sense of community, anonymity, and general lack of rules beyond the most basic principles of civility. Internet forums build these groups of people. Cross-membership leads to cross-pollination, and soon a movement grows. "/b/tards" on 4chan contact "Goons" on Something Awful, who contact "Farkers" on Fark.com, who all meet on IRC, coordinate on AIM, and post updates on Facebook. It's the old adage of someone having an idea, and they tell two friends, and they tell two friends, and so on, and so on until a movement is born. Thanks to the anonymity provided by Web forums, social sites, and messaging services, this movement is Anonymous.
This structure, or lack thereof, renders Anonymous effectively unstoppable. Individual members and small groups of hackers might vandalize the sites of various organizations like HBGary, Koch Industries, and the Westboro Baptist Church, but they aren't acting as part of an organization, cell, or grand conspiracy. There is no ringleader, or even membership outside of whatever individuals decide to act. They simply raise the flag of Anonymous and fight under it until they feel they're done. Then they lower the flag and blend into the Internet once again. No real organization, just forum-dwellers or IRC-dwellers mobilizing, acting, and resting.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
A Massachusetts General Hospital patient has initially tested negative for Ebola, but will remain in the care of medical personnel over the next few days.
During a Wednesday afternoon press conference, Dr. David Hooper, chief of the MGH Infection Control Unit, said initial tests for Ebola were negative, but did test positive for Malaria. While the patient will be retested over the next few days, the changes of a positive result were low.
“We still think it's unlikely for this patient, but by three days or so, virtually all Ebola patients should test negative,'' he said.
The patient, who had been in Liberia in “an administrative role,'' was never in direct contact with Ebola patients in the West African country, according to Cooper. When he returned to the US, he was checked by public health officials for indications of the illness. Clear of any symptoms, he went home and was monitored by the Boston Public Health Commission.
Advertisement
Passengers on the same flight as the patient and people who interacted with the patient in the airport are in no danger of infection, said Cooper.
“There's no risk from this case to the public,'' he said.
The patient was admitted to the hospital Tuesday afternoon and was tested for Ebola after meeting the CDC definition of a “person under investigation'' for the infection, according to MGH Director of Emergency Preparedness Dr. Paul Biddinger.
“This definition involves the possibility of travel to where Ebola is present, the possibility of exposure to that virus, and symptoms that are consistent with that virus,'' Biddinger said at a press conference Tuesday evening.
MGH has been planning for months to handle the possibility of a suspected Ebola case, undergoing training exercises to simulate the evaluation and management process, said Biddinger.
MGH has also been involved in testing devices that would allow them to treat Ebola cases remotely. In a recent demonstration at the Cambridge lab, researchers were able to manipulate the rate at which a ventilator provided air, slowing and speeding the breaths taken by a dummy patient.
Barack Obama appears to have thrown some shade at his successors' Twitter followers.
During a forum at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit in New Delhi, India, on Friday, Obama subtly poked fun at President Trump for having fewer Twitter followers than him.
While boasting about having “100 million Twitter followers," Obama went on to say: “I actually have more than other people who use it more often."
RELATED: Obama hits campaign trail for first time since leaving White House
23 PHOTOS Obama hits campaign trail for first time since leaving White House See Gallery Obama hits campaign trail for first time since leaving White House NEWARK, NJ - OCTOBER 19: Former U.S. President Barack Obama shakes hands after speaking at a rally in support of Democratic candidate Phil Murphy, who is running against Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno for the governor of New Jersey, on October 19, 2017 in Newark, New Jersey. In Obama's first return to the campaign trail, the former president is stumping for Democratic gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey and Virginia as they prepare for next month's elections. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Former U.S. President Barack Obama campaigns in support of Virginia Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam (R), Democratic candidate for governor, at a rally with supporters in Richmond, Virginia, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY Former president Barack Obama rallies with New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former US President Barack Obama speaks during a campaign rally for Democratic Gubernatorial Candidate Ralph Northam (unseen) in Richmond, Virginia October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / JIM WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) Former president Barack Obama acknowledges the crowd after rallying with New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former president Barack Obama speaks during a rally for New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former U.S. President Barack Obama campaigns in support of Virginia Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam (R), Democratic candidate for governor, at a rally with supporters in Richmond, Virginia, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst A young boy awaits the arrival of former President Barack Obama to speak at a rally with New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy reacts as former President Barack Obama speaks during a rally in Newark, New Jersey U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former President Barack Obama greets supporters after joining New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy at a rally in Newark, New Jersey U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former President Barack Obama greets New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former US President Barack Obama takes photos with members of the crowd as he campaigns for New Jersey Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil Murphy in Newark, New Jersey on October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTER (Photo credit should read DOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images) Former US President Barack Obama speaks during a campaign rally for Democratic Gubernatorial Candidate Ralph Northam (unseen) in Richmond, Virginia October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / JIM WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) Attendees react as former president Barack Obama greets supporters after joining New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy at a rally in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former president Barack Obama rallies with New Jersey Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jim Murphy in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Mark Makela Former US President Barack Obama (R) campaigns for New Jersey Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil Murphy in Newark, New Jersey on October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTER (Photo credit should read DOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images) Former US President Barack Obama campaigns for New Jersey Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil Murphy and his running mate Sheila Oliver in Newark, New Jersey on October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTER (Photo credit should read DOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images) NEWARK, NJ - OCTOBER 19: Former U.S. President Barack Obama walks on stage in support of Democratic candidate Phil Murphy, who is running against Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno for the governor of New Jersey, on October 19, 2017 in Newark, New Jersey. In Obama's first return to the campaign trail, the former president is stumping for Democratic gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey and Virginia as they prepare for next month's elections. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Audience members take pictures of former US President Barack Obama as he campaigns for New Jersey Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil Murphy in Newark, New Jersey on October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTER (Photo credit should read DOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images) NEWARK, NJ - OCTOBER 19: Democratic candidate Phil Murphy, who is running against Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno for the governor of New Jersey , speaks at a rally on October 19, 2017 in Newark, New Jersey. Murphy was later joined by former President Barack Obama This is Obama's first return to the campaign trail to stump for Democratic gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey and Virginia as they prepare for next month's elections. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) NEWARK, NJ - OCTOBER 19: Former U.S. President Barack Obama shakes hands after speaking at a rally in support of Democratic candidate Phil Murphy, who is running against Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno for the governor of New Jersey, on October 19, 2017 in Newark, New Jersey. In Obama's first return to the campaign trail, the former president is stumping for Democratic gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey and Virginia as they prepare for next month's elections. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Former U.S. President Barack Obama campaigns in support of Virginia Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam, Democratic candidate for governor, at a rally with supporters in Richmond, Virginia, U.S. October 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Former US President Barack Obama speaks during a campaign rally for Democratic Gubernatorial Candidate Ralph Northam (R) in Richmond, Virginia October 19, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / JIM WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
And his remark prompted laughter from the audience, who reportedly interpreted it as a dig towards Trump, according to HuffPost.
It is worth noting that Obama does have 97.4 million followers and Trump has 43.8 million.
Obama added: “I think it's important to be mindful about both the power of these tools and also its limits and to understand it can be used for both good or for ill.”
More from :
White House denies Trump made slur with 'Pocahontas' remark
Trump attacks Theresa May after she criticizes him for retweeting an anti-Muslim extremist
Nobody can call Trump a 'kook' around Lindsey Graham, who called Trump a kook
After terrifying audiences from coast to coast – Closing Night Event at ScreamFest 2014 Los Angeles and Opening Night Screening at 2014 New York City Horror Film Festival – Fear Clinic, the latest excursion into unrelenting terror, will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on February 10, 2015, by Anchor Bay Entertainment.
The highly anticipated shocker stars horror icon Robert “Freddy Krueger” Englund, Fiona Dourif, Angelina Armani, and Thomas Dekker as well as Stone Sour and Slipknot lead vocalist Corey Taylor in his acting debut. It is directed by Robert G. Hall (Lightning Bug, Laid to Rest, ChromeSkull: Laid To Rest II).
With blood-chilling special effects by award-winning FX creators Robert Kurtzman and Steve Johnson, Fear Clinic will take viewers on an unforgettable journey into the very soul of terror itself. SRP is $26.99 for the Blu-ray and $22.98 for the DVD. (Please note this is suggested retail price and not a reflection of the final retail selling price)
Co-written by Hall and Aaron Drane, the film is based on the critically acclaimed and fan favorite 2009 FEARnet.com series. When trauma-induced phobias begin to re-emerge in five survivors a year after their horrifying tragedy, they return to the “Fear Clinic,” hoping to find the answers they need to get cured.
Dr. Andover (Englund), a fear doctor who runs the clinic, uses his “Fear Chamber” to animate their fears in the form of terrifying hallucinations. However, the good doctor soon begins to suspect that something more sinister may be at work, something that yearns to be more than just an hallucination…
Bonus features on the Fear Clinic Blu-ray and DVD will be announced shortly.
[xyz-ihs snippet=”ContentClickAd”]
A day where shoppers don't even have to think about what they need to purchase — let alone push a button — is quickly approaching, Chieh Huang, Boxed co-founder and CEO, said Tuesday on CNBC's "Squawk Box."
"The machine learning algorithm is getting better and better" in being used in e-commerce, he said.
Boxed, started in 2013, is a bulk-items e-retailer currently working on rolling out new features that are primarily being tested in a business-to-business capacity, for now. The website has more than 1,400 SKUs, ranging from Pepsi products to paper towels to General Mills' Cheerios. And everything is sold in bulk, at a discount.
Similar to Amazon's Dash Button, Boxed is working on its own, easy reorder system. The company has been playing with artificial intelligence to take the idea to the next level — where no "push of a button" is required, Huang said.
Amazon's Dash Button, with one click, will send Prime Members their favorite, most-used products — ranging from Pampers diapers and Bounce detergent, to Gatorade and Cheez-Its.
Boxed is learning to determine when customers are going to run out of items, and when they will want more. A pilot test called Boxed Concierge automatically fulfills shoppers' items in bulk, shipping them without even asking for approval on the receiving end.
It seems like a risk, but Huang said Boxed hasn't received any returns or complaints, thus far. It's easier shipping items automatically in a business-to-business relationship, he said, but business-to-consumer becomes tricky and still requires a little bit of interaction.
"You tell us 'snooze,' you don't like the item, you don't like the price ... we learn more about you," he said.
Boxed brings in more than $100 million in annual revenue, and about 80 percent of its shoppers fall between the ages of 25 and 44.
Should Box's pilot test prove successful, it threatens to encroach on brick-and-mortar wholesale retailers' businesses. Huang said he envisions a world where people don't need to visit warehouse clubs anymore.
When Chris Hansen left NBC after word surfaced that he was having an affair with a local TV news reporter, his "To Catch a Predator " was no more.
Hansen decided to try and crowd fund a new project called "Hanson vs. Predator" and set up a donor page on the internet.
Hanson ended up getting his money and more.
As part of the deal, Hansen promised that donors would receive items like coffee mugs, t-shirts, signed books, credits on the show, personalized videos, and parties. Backers gave him anything from $20 to $2,000.
But, it appears that Hansen might have taken the money and run. Law Newz says that despite Hansen's promise that the rewards would be shipped by December 2015, donors say they haven't received a thing. Hansen said he finished filming one sting which nabbed 10 alleged sexual predators, but no footage of the sting has emerged yet. Some are even threatening legal action.
“You deal with kickstarter to help these people out.. to get screwed over by someone you've seen on tv.. kind of hurts,” Eric Cohen, who donated to the project, told LawNewz.com. Cohen said he has sent several emails to Hansen's office, and hasn't heard back.
In April, Hansen posted an update on the website: “Thank you for being so patient as we are now finally getting to bring your rewards to you. Now that the investigation is in post-production, our team is working hard to make sure each one of you receives your rewards.”
Moths later, that has yet to happen.
Chris, why don't you have a seat over there.... (OK, did you see what I did there?)
- Alex "Aurace" Nguyen "I would like to thank Liquid and the team for believing in me and what I could bring. I wish nothing but the best for the team and Internethulk in their future endeavors. I appreciate the time that I spend with the team, seeing them and myself grow. But now it's time for the next chapter! See you all at LAN."
The past four months have been quite productive for our Overwatch team, and Coach Aurace was a big part of our improvements. However, we have now decided to go our separate ways. Coach Aurace is a talented coach and we are certain that he will make a difference with his new team.We would like to thank Aurace for all his hard work and dedication over the past few months, and we wish him good luck on his new adventure.
Helen Fisher on Open Marriages: "They never end up working long-term."
The New York Times profiled a couple in an open marriage in its Weddings section yesterday: "The Secrets To An Open Marriage According to Mo'Nique." The Oscar-winning actress and her husband are double rarity: not just a straight couple who aren't in the closet about their open marriage, but a famous straight couple in an openly open marriage.
Tammy La Gorce's lead is kinda idiotic:
From the outside at least, the actress Mo'Nique and her husband of 11 years, Sidney Hicks, would seem to be in the middle of a rocky marriage. Both have had sexual relationships with other partners for years—and continue to do so. And each is well aware of the other's escapades.
Mo'Nique and Hicks' marriage would only "seem" rocky to those who regard monogamy, successfully executed, as the sole measure of stability, love, and commitment. I don't wanna jump too far down La Gorce's throat—it's mostly hopeless romantics who read the NYT Weddings section, after all, and most probably conflate "sexually monogamous" with "stable and committed." Crafting her lead around the presumed knee-jerk reaction of the assumed readers of the Wedding section is lazy, if understandable. But for the record: Just as monogamy by itself isn't proof a marriage is stable and loving (a couple can be monogamous and unkind, neglectful, emotionally abusive, physically violent, etc.), non-monogamy by itself isn't proof a couple is unstable or unloving.
Anyway, back to Mo'Nique and Hicks:
But, the couple insist, the relationship is actually quite stable and they are quite happy. In fact, it has been a decade since Mo'Nique revealed in an Essence magazine article that she and Mr. Hicks, an actor and producer, were in an open marriage. Now they have begun a podcast that plays on their unusual partnership. In “Mo'Nique and Sidney's Open Relationship,” which is on Play.It, the CBS podcast network, the couple explains how the so-called polyamorous lifestyle works for them.
When Mo'Nique and Hicks came out as married but non-monogamous—in that article in Essence more than a decade ago—the reaction was swift and furious. "People didn't understand," Mo'Nique told La Gorce, “People lost their minds and the criticism has never let up.”
La Gorce gets a few quotes from someone who comes across as pretty sane about open marriages—Douglas LaBier, a psychologist and the director of the Center for Progressive Development—but La Gorce pretty much hands the rest of the piece over to someone who has clearly lost her mind: Helen Fisher, author, "biological anthropologist at the Kinsey Institute" (RIP Kinsey Institute), and shill for a dating website, where Fisher has been doing important research on the best strategy for getting a second date (take 'em out for sushi) and what it means when a person uses a lot of emojis (they're horny as fuck).
Here's Fisher on open marriages and open relationships:
Among the critics of open marriages is Helen Fisher, a biological anthropologist at the Kinsey Institute and the author of “Anatomy of Love: A Natural History of Mating, Marriage and Why We Stray,” which was updated and reissued in February. “People have had open marriages forever, because a lot of us would prefer to have more than one relationship,” she said. “But they never end up working long-term.” (Dr. Carr said it may be impossible to quantify just how many couples are in open marriages; people answering survey questions on such a topic may be inclined to lie or avoid answering, because of the stigma attached.) The reasons open marriages don't work are biological, Dr. Fisher said: The parts of the brain involved in romantic love are next to areas that help orchestrate thirst and hunger, she said. “Thirst and hunger aren't going to change anytime soon,” she said, and neither is the pair-bonding instinct we recognize as romantic love. “It evolved so our forebears could focus on one person and begin the mating process.” Dr. Fisher said that couples in open marriages establish all kinds of rules for what is and isn't allowed. “They may say you can't have dates on Friday nights, or you can't have someone call at the dinner hour, when the children are around,” she said. “They're people who want it all: to preserve their deep attachment to one partner and have romance with others. And they want to be honest about it. But what they don't tell you is that our brains don't do that very well.” Dr. Fisher is unconvinced that what goes on behind closed doors is quite so rational. “If you could get her to talk about how she feels or how her husband really feels,” she said of Mo'Nique, “you might find that beneath all this talk about how, intellectually and cognitively, they understand what they're doing and it seems to make sense, emotionally the human animal has a very hard time with it. My guess is that they're not terribly different.”
Where to start?
With Fisher's insulting claim to know better than Mo'Nique and Hicks about how the Mo'Nique and Hicks really feel about their marriage? (They only think they're happy, those deluded human animals!) With Fisher's yanked-from-her-ass assertions about evolutionary pressures that supposedly endowed all modern humans with genes that allow for just one type of romantic "bond" (only pairs, always sexually exclusive!) and just one successful "mating process" (only pairs, again, and it's all about the kids!)? With Fisher's assertion—offered without any data to back it up—that open marriages "never end up working long-term"?
Let's start with that.
"Just because there is a lack of good data on the longevity of open relationships does not mean that 'they never work out,'" said Dr. Debby Herbenick, a research scientist at Indiana University. "Saying 'they never work out' goes beyond any data she has; I would ask her to prove it. Where are her data? I know of none to support that."
Dr. Herbenick has data that contradicts Fisher's "they never work out" and "all people in non-monogamous couples are secretly miserable" bullshit.
"Similar proportions of men in monogamous and open relationships say they are happy in their relationship and sexually satisfied," said Dr. Herbenick, citing ACTUAL FUCKING DATA from the IU School of Public Health's 2014 National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior. "For women, more women in monogamous relationships say that they are happy in their relationship and sexually satisfied. But that doesn't mean none are happy or satisfied, as plenty are."
The takeaway: straight couples in non-monogamous relationships need to work on closing that relationship-and-sexual-satisfaction gender gap. But it's demonstrably untrue—THERE IS DATA—that everyone in open marriages is miserable or that open marriages "never end up working long-term."
On a personal note/anecdote: my husband and I recently celebrated out 21st anniversary and our marriage has been open for 17 of those years. We're 1/10 of the way through our third decade together. I'm happy, Terry's happy, and I'd like to think we qualify as a long-term success. Or, hey, maybe Terry and I need Helen Fisher to swing by the house and explain to us how we're really secretly miserable, just like Mo'Nique and Hicks, and then we'll finally do the right thing (by monogamy, not each other) and break up.
Moving on...
Fisher's bizarre theory of brain adjacency: the chunks of our brainz involved in romantic love are located near the chunks of brainz that "orchestrate" thirst and hunger and that's why there's no such thing as a successful open marriage. CASE CLOSED!
That sounded like complete bullshit—and not just to me.
"It is a rather odd claim to say that the reason a phenotypic trait will operate the way it does is because a particular brain region responsible for it is adjacent to other brain regions which do something else," said Dr. Qazi Rahman, King's College London. "That kind of model of brain-behaviour relationships would generate all sorts of very odd predictions which most neuroscientists or neuropsychologists would find strange. But then all behaviour and mental activity is 'in the brain' and so I'm not clear making these sorts of claims does any useful explanatory work for behavioural scientists."
"There is an entire network of the brain involved in romantic love," said Dr. James Pfaus, "from the prefrontal/orbitofrontal cortex to insula to anterior cingulate, to limbic structures like amygdala and septum, to striatum and basal ganglia, to the part of the hypothalamus where oxytocin and vasopressin neurons are…. The paraventricular nucleus in the anterior hypothalamus has OT and AVP parvocellular neurons that project axons to other brain sites. That site is NEAR (as in 2-5 mm away) to feeling systems in the lateral and ventromedial hypothalamus. And as far as neurons go, that would be like saying that Wall Street in NYC is NEAR the Treasury Building in Washington DC. [Fisher] doesn't get it. She has never gotten it. Her view of the brain is a neurochemical phrenology."
Maybe Fisher just isn't that smart about brainz—or genes.
"I spoke with Helen at a conference once," a researcher who did not wish to be identified told me in an email. "Helen said there is a single gene that will determine whether a man cheats or not. We carefully explained why this couldn't be so.”
Fisher, like so many other hacks in the love-and-relationship racket, wants sex and love and marriage to work in a certain way—they insist it only works this one way—and this monogamist bias informs and distorts Fisher's work.
"I enjoy Helen's stuff, but think she's blind to her cultural bias on this one," said Dr. David Ley. "I'd be interested in whether she truly thinks monogamy 'works' long-term, given divorce and infidelity rates. I think the most damaging piece of Fisher's approach is her generalization of her beliefs to all humans. The valuable thing about modern relationships is the ability to individually negotiate a relationship, based upon each partners' needs, strengths and deficits."
Shorter Fisher: "Open relationship failed? Proof that open relationships never work out! Monogamous relationship failed? Try, try again!"
Monogamy is right for some people, and it's right for some couples, but it's not right for every person or every couple. People in open relationships aren't failing at monogamy. Many of us attempted to be monogamous—we made monogamous commitments we strived to keep—but we couldn't do it. But, again, we didn't fail monogamy. Monogamy failed us.
Insisting that monogamy is the ultimate/best/only proof of love and devotion—and insisting that all non-monogamous marriages are doomed to fail (unlike those bulletproof monogamous ones)—doesn't magically create stable monogamous marriages. Quite the opposite. People who shouldn't be making monogamous commitments wind up making monogamous commitments they cannot keep. Because they want to be good people, because they want to have love in their lives, because they don't want their relationship to fail.
We should encourage people to know themselves, to figure out who they are, what they want, what makes them happy, what they're willing to settle for and what they're not willing to settle for. But sex-and-relationship hacks like Fisher choose instead to bully people into making monogamous commitments they cannot keep.
Those relationships are truly doomed to fail.
Feb 14, 2013–Valve, creators of best-selling game franchises (such as Counter-Strike and Team Fortress) and leading technologies (such as Steam and Source), today announced the release of its Steam for Linux client. In celebration of the release, over 50 Linux titles are now 50-75% off until Thursday, February 21st at 10 AM PST.The Steam client is now available to download for free from the Ubuntu Software Center. Ubuntu is the most popular distribution of Linux used by millions of people globally and known for its well-designed, easy-to-use customer experience.“The introduction of Steam to Ubuntu demonstrates growing demand for open systems from gamers and game developers,” said David Pitkin, Director of Consumer Applications at Canonical. “We expect a growing number of game developers to include Ubuntu among their target platforms. We're looking forward to seeing AAA games developed with Ubuntu in mind as part of a multi-platform day and date release on Steam.”“We're huge fans of Linux. It's like the indie OS–a perfect home for our indie game,” said Alen Ladavac, CTO of Croteam, creator of the Serious Sam franchise of games. “And who better to lead the charge into Linux gaming than Valve? With Steam distribution on Windows, macOS, and now Linux, plus the buy-once, play-anywhere promise of Steam Play, our games are available to everyone, regardless what type of computer they're running. That's huge.”Team Fortress 2, the Free to Play game, is also now available on Steam for Linux. For a limited time, Steam users who play the game on Linux will automatically receive a free, exclusive in-game item: Tux, the Linux mascot, can be carried by any of the game's classes and traded between players. Additional Valve titles available on Steam for Linux include Half-Life, Counter-Strike 1.6, and Counter-Strike: Source.In addition to games, the Steam for Linux client includes Big Picture, the new mode of Steam designed for use with a TV and game controller. With Steam for Linux and Big Picture mode, Valve anticipates a growing number of gamers will use Steam in the living room.Steam is a leading platform for the delivery and management of PC and Mac games with over 50 million accounts around the world and over 2,000 titles offered. More details regarding Steam for Linux, including community discussion, official announcements and syndicated news can all be tracked on the Steam for Linux Community Hub at http://steamcommunity.com/linux
Hello, there. We didn't see you behind the gauzy drapes that are hung so elegantly and so close to open-flame candles in our den. Please, join us. Rosé or Merlot? We're not just talking about wine; we're talking about colored pencils. It is something we do together in a group. We're not a cult. We're adult coloring book people.
Come come, sit sit.
Who is your favorite adult coloring book artist? We love Johanna Bassford. Her designs make us want to color FOREVER. You prefer more geometric patterns? That's fine, too. With pattern-based adult coloring, it's easy to make your desired iconography appear out of the background mysteriously. Or whatever you want, really. We just love coloring books, and we're not afraid to forwardly indoctrinate others into our world. I mean—share our love of coloring. Again, we're not a cult.
Have you heard how good coloring is for your mental health? It stimulates the parts of the cortex involved in motor skills, while simultaneously lulling you into a deep, child-like state of trust. Oops! Forget that last part. Nothing to see here! Here's a crayon.
We were just about to put on some music. Are you familiar with Gregorian chant? Lovely. It's the perfect sound to cover the delicate scratching of our coloring utensils against the sturdy paper of a well-made adult coloring book. Let your worries fade away like a beautifully sketched gradient. We're just six regular gals relaxing after a long week at our very important, very busy jobs. Personally, I lay crystals on rich people's pets, but we're a diverse group. Some of us lay crystals on other things besides dogs, like people and sand pots and altars. We're just normal, functional adults who love to color!
There are a lot of misconceptions about adult coloring book people out there. We don't just color, I'll have you know. Sometimes we make frames, too. And decorative garlands so we can hang our artwork with little clips. You should see all the different kinds of little clips they sell these days!
This sure is a fun chat, and you've made so much progress on that hummingbird; it's coming out beautifully!
You would never go to Barbados, right? We had a bad experience last month when one of our members went on a trip to Barbados and missed an important coloring event. Nod your head if you promise to never go to Barbados.
Shhhh—no words. Let the sounds of quiet productivity wash over you. You're slowly becoming more and more at one with the universe; more at one with us. Oh look, we both are making similar color choices. You really belong here. Isn't it nice to find a place where you finally fit in, like our adult coloring book circle that's not a cult?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 9, 2016, 2:19 AM GMT / Updated March 9, 2016, 12:38 PM GMT By Alex Johnson
An ex-Marine accused of shooting a prominent Idaho minister outside his church was arrested after he threw objects over the fence of the White House. police said.
The U.S. Secret Service confirmed Kyle Andrew Odom's arrest to NBC News late Tuesday night.
Tim Remington, senior pastor of The Altar Church in Coeur d'Alene, was shot six times and critically wounded in the church's parking lot Sunday. His condition has since been upgraded to fair, and he was described as stable.
Odom, 30, was arrested without incident at 8:27 p.m. ET at the South Fence of the White House, Coeur d'Alene Police Chief Lee White said. He was apprehended while throwing objects, including documents and a computer flash drive, over the fence, White said.
White said the package included a "manifesto" mentioning numerous U.S. House members and senators and Israeli government officials by name. He wouldn't give any further details other than to say it didn't include specific threats.
"It's an interesting read," he said.
Odom emerged as the prime suspect after surveillance video showed a silver Honda Accord driving away from the scene Sunday, its license plate clearly readable. He was initially believed to have headed west toward Spokane, Washington, and then south, where authorities lost his trail, police said Monday night.
But Odom was arrested in the nation's capital — more than 2,000 miles in the opposite direction — after he flew there from Boise, Idaho, White said. It wasn't clear how Odom was able to board a plane with police hunting him.
A few hours before he was arrested, Odom changed the profile picture on his Facebook account to a drawing of a funnel-shaped head with green eyes, resembling pop culture conceptions of interstellar aliens. And news of his arrest came shortly after police confirmed that he had sent a letter to his parents and to several local media outlets.
Coeur d'Alene Police Detective Jared Reneau said that letter was also accompanied by a flash drive containing multiple electronic documents. He said they indicated that the shooting wasn't random and that another church member may have been targeted. That church member was placed under police protection, he said.
NBC station KHQ of Spokane was among the news organizations receiving the package. It reported that it immediately turned the materials over to police.
Remington's oldest son, Jeremiah, told KHQ on Tuesday night that Odom's arrest "feels like a huge weight has been lifted off our shoulders." Jeremiah Remington said his father was awake and talking and was expected to make a full recovery.
The Altar Church, a nondenominational evangelical church, said in its first formal statement on the shooting that Remington "is still subject to infection, the potential of loss of feeling or movement in his right arm, and undetected damage to internal organs."
The church asked members and supporters to set aside any "fear, anger, or a desire for vengeance."
"Over the past two weeks our congregation has been studying and praying for revival in our churches and nation," it said. "We have sensed that the nation stands at a crossroads and it is critical for the church in America to fulfill its role as salt and light to a dark and dying world."
Remington, 55, was shot a day after he delivered the invocation at a rally for Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz. No connection has officially been made between the shooting and Remington's attendance at the rally.
This is part 2 in my quotations series, following on from Tap, Tap, Tapping on the Door.
As promised in the first part of this series, here we're going to take a look at manipulating quotations. I mean, we've got this AST - now what are we going to do with it?
Let's start with something fairly straightforward; boolean algebra.
First, let's get a look at how some boolean expressions are represented in quotations.
Firing up F# Interactive, we'll feed a few in and see what happens:
1 2 3 4 5 6 <@@ true @@>;; (* val it : Expr = Value (true) {CustomAttributes = [NewTuple (Value ("DebugRange"), NewTuple (Value ("stdin"), Value (4), Value (4), Value (4), Value (8)))]; Type = System.Boolean;} *)
Hmm. That's… not as nice as we might want. The custom attributes are being added by F# interactive for debugging purposes, but hopefully the general shape is clear: our expression consists of a single value of true .
I'll cut out the custom attributes from now on to make reading things a bit easier.
Next!
1 2 3 4 5 <@@ true && true @@>;; (* val it : Expr = IfThenElse (Value (true), Value (true), Value (false)) {CustomAttributes = ...; Type = System.Boolean;} *)
So. Looks like someone has decided to represent the && operator with the expression tree of an if statement. Useful in some ways; after all, any logic we can apply to an && operator will equally apply to a logically equivalent if statement. Checking the MSDN documentation for Expr.IfThenElse tells if that the 3 values above are guard , thenExpr and elseExpr . Which kind of makes sense; our <@@ true && true @@> is being turned (loosely) into if true then true else false - which is equivalent.
Let's put something other than plain boolean constants in to see if we can make it clearer.
1 2 3 4 5 6 <@@ "b" = "b" && "t" = "t" @@>;; (* val it : Expr = IfThenElse (Call (None, op_Equality, [Value ("b"), Value ("b")]), Call (None, op_Equality, [Value ("t"), Value ("t")]), Value (false)) {CustomAttributes = ...; Type = System.Boolean;} *)
Looks hopeful. As a last check, let's take advantage of the fact that quotations are structurally comparable to double-check our understanding:
1 2 <@@ if "b" = "b" then "t" = "t" else false @@> = <@@ "b" = "b" && "t" = "t" @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *)
Awesome!
I'm going to take a wild punt that the || operator does something similar:
1 2 <@@ if "b" = "t" then true else "t" = "b" @@> = <@@ "b" = "t" || "t" = "b" @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *)
And it does. Excellent.
We've now got an idea what the expression trees are going to look like, but how do we go about manipulating them? The answer is the answer we always hope for when traversing data structure in F#: pattern matching.
The Expr types are all recognized by a set of active patterns in the Microsoft.FSharp.Quotations.Patterns module. The only problem is that there are about 40 cases in the active patterns, and at the moment we're only interested in one: the IfThenElse case.
That's sounding rather verbose for a language that's normally as succinct as F# and fortunately the language designers agreed. As well as the specific cases in the main Patterns module, there are a number of other modules under the Microsoft.FSharp.Quotations namespace that contain "broader" active patterns, and helper methods for rebuilding expressions.
Let's take the broadest set, from the ExprShape module, and have a look at a method that takes in an expression, recursively works it way through the tree, and rebuilds it exactly as it was before:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations . ExprShape let rec id q = match q with | ShapeVar v -> Expr . Var v | ShapeLambda ( v , e ) -> Expr . Lambda ( v , id e ) | ShapeCombination ( o , es ) -> RebuildShapeCombination ( o , es |> List . map id )
So, as we recurse down there are three possibilities for our expression on any one pass through the id function:
We've hit a Var : this is a leaf node holding a variable, we're done with this branch of the tree.
: this is a leaf node holding a variable, we're done with this branch of the tree. We've hit a lambda function, with a variable being bound and an expression representing the body of the function. We apply id to the body to continue recursing down.
to the body to continue recursing down. We've hit something else; anything else. The ShapeCombination pattern knows how to take the structure apart, and the RebuildShapeCombination method from the same module knows how to use the object ShapeCombination spits to put it back together again. In the meantime, we still apply id to all the sub-expressions of the combination, whatever they may be.
(As an aside, don't actually call your functions id - there's already a function called that in the standard library.)
Of course, on it's own that's not very exciting. But how about if before moving onto these very broad shapes, we first check some specific cases?
Let's see if we can detect true literals within an expression.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations . ExprShape open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations . Patterns let rec detectTrue q = match q with | Value ( o , t ) when t = typeof < bool > && ( o :?> bool ) = true -> true | ShapeVar _ -> false | ShapeLambda (_, e ) -> detectTrue e | ShapeCombination ( o , es ) -> es |> List . map detectTrue |> List . fold (||) false
The Value pattern gives us an object representing a literal and it's type as a tuple. We'll add a guard condition to the pattern to specify that we're only interested when the type is bool and (taking advantage of short circuiting to make sure we don't try and cast if it's not a bool!) when the value is true . After that, we move back to our broader patterns, but this time we're happy to throw away most of the information at each step as we're not interested in reconstructing the tree afterwards.
Loading up the function in F# Interactive, we can feed it some test inputs and see how we're doing.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 detectTrue <@@ fun x -> true @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) detectTrue <@@ fun x -> false @@>;; (* val it : bool = false *) detectTrue <@@ fun x -> false || true @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) detectTrue <@@ fun x y -> y || x true @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) detectTrue <@@ fun x y -> y || x = true @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) detectTrue <@@ "bob" @@>;; (* val it : bool = false *)
Looking good.
Looks like we need just one final step before we start playing with the rules of boolean algebra; let's check we can detect the || and && operators.
First, let's give ourselves some helper active patterns of our own to detect literal true and false values:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations . ExprShape open Microsoft . FSharp . Quotations . Patterns let (| True' |_|) expr = match expr with | Value ( o , t ) when t = typeof < bool > && ( o :?> bool ) = true -> Some expr | _ -> None let (| False' |_|) expr = match expr with | Value ( o , t ) when t = typeof < bool > && ( o :?> bool ) = false -> Some expr | _ -> None
Now, let's add some more for || and && :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 let (| Or' |_|) expr = match expr with | IfThenElse ( left , True' _, right ) -> Some ( left , right ) | _ -> None let (| And' |_|) expr = match expr with | IfThenElse ( left , right , False' _) -> Some ( left , right ) | _ -> None
Because you can nest patterns within a pattern match, here we're only matching IfThenElse expressions where the 'then' clause ( || ) is always true or the 'else' clause ( && ) is always false .
And now, with all our pieces in place, let's pick one of the rules of boolean algebra and see if we can apply it. Commutativity sounds like it's probably the simplest:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 let commute quote = match quote with | Or' ( left , right ) -> <@@ %% right || %% left @@> | And' ( left , right ) -> <@@ %% right && %% left @@> | _ -> quote
Pretty simple: if we see a && or a || as the top expression in a quotation, swap the arguments. There's no recursion, so we won't go through the tree swapping every && or || expression, although we could if we wanted…
For example:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 // basic usage <@@ true || false @@> = commute <@@ false || true @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) <@@ "bob" = "fred" || "fred" = "bob" @@> = commute <@@ "fred" = "bob" || "bob" = "fred" @@>;; (* val it : bool = true *) // only operates at the top level though <@@ fun x -> true || false @@> = commute <@@ fun x -> false || true @@>;; (* val it : bool = false *)
A nice simple function, to apply a nice simple rule. Generally you'll want to choose when to apply something like the commute function, hence not making it recursive. But what about something like the identity law?
The identity law states that true && x = x and false || x = x for all x. This looks like it might allow us to remove redundant statements from our boolean expressions without changing the logical result, and if we're interested in carrying out this operation at all we almost certainly want to apply it recursively down through the expression.
Time to break out our broad ExprShape patterns again:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 let identity quote = let rec transform q = match q with | And' ( True' _, p ) | And' ( p , True' _) | Or' ( False' _, p ) | Or' ( p , False' _) -> transform p | ShapeVar v -> Expr . Var v | ShapeLambda ( v , e ) -> Expr . Lambda ( v , transform e ) | ShapeCombination ( o , es ) -> RebuildShapeCombination ( o , es |> List . map transform ) transform quote
Firstly, we check if the top of the quotation matches any of the four relevant conditions for the identity law. If any of them do, we bind the proposition that we're reducing to to the name p , and then we carry on recursing down the tree.
Otherwise, we're back to the id function above: a Var is a leaf node, we transform the body of any lambdas and if we hit a combination we transform all of it's constituent expressions.
This is starting to reach the stage it's worth unit testing, so let's break out xUnit and add some "facts" (you'll need to reference xUnit manually or via NuGet to build the tests.)
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 open Algebra . Boolean open Xunit [< Fact >] let `` Identity reduction &&`` () = Assert . Equal (<@@ false @@>, identity <@@ true && false @@>) [< Fact >] let `` Identity reduction ||`` () = Assert . Equal (<@@ true @@>, identity <@@ true || false @@>) [< Fact >] let `` Identity reduction recurses `` () = Assert . Equal (<@@ true @@>, identity <@@ ( true || false ) && true @@>) [< Fact >] let `` Identity reduction recurses with none boolean `` () = Assert . Equal (<@@ "bob" = "fred" @@>, identity <@@ ( "bob" = "fred" || false ) && true @@>) [< Fact >] let `` Identity reduction recurses with none boolean 2 `` () = Assert . Equal (<@@ "bob" = "fred" @@>, identity <@@ ( false || "bob" = "fred" ) && true @@>)
And there you have it, a function that takes an expression tree and manipulates it in a potentially useful fashion.
Why did we go to all this trouble? Well, I'm afraid for that, dear reader, you'll have to either wait for the next installment or come along to my session at Progressive F# London 2014 where we look at translating quotations into other languages.
If you want to look into this further yourself in the meantime, an implementation of all of the rules of boolean algebra and a basic test suite can be found in a gist on github.
If you're feeling really brave, I also highly recommend looking into "A Practical Theory of Language-Integrated Query":
Talk by Philip Wadler
Academic paper describing the techniques - the first few sections are very readable even without a background in programming language research, and definitely worth looking at before you get to…
The practical implementation - if you want to watch people much cleverer than me really apply some of these principles.
That's all till next time, and I hope your brains recover sooner than mine.
Ms. Marwa Osman. PhD Candidate located in Beirut, Lebanon. University Lecturer at the Lebanese International University and Maaref University. Political writer/commentator on Middle East issues with many international and regional media outlets.
Britain's multi-million pound trade and aid strategy for programs in Bahrain needs exposed as the tiny gulf kingdom continues its chain of tyranny and torture against the Shia majority.
The British government's unreserved condemnation of torture and inhumane treatment and punishment seems to vanish when it comes to making more money. As kidnaps, imprisonments and political executions are on the rise in Bahrain, activists and Bahraini opposition figures are troubled by the fact that the UK government is spending taxpayers' money on these trade and aid programs, especially given the clear risk of complicity in abuse.
Karzakan | The arrest of Habib Mohamed Habib on Friday 3 March 2017 #HRC34#bahrainpic.twitter.com/6N2ZValgtd — BAHRAIN DETAINEES (@BH14Detainees) March 3, 2017
Habib Mohamed Habib is the latest Bahraini civilian to be kidnapped from his home the morning of Friday March 3rd 2017 as security forces deployed armored vehicles in and around Diraz, in a continuation of the Al Khalifa Monarchy's oppression against the Shiite Friday prayers as part of their uninterrupted crackdown on civilians since 2011 in the Bahraini capital Manama.
As Habib's family struggle to know the whereabouts of their son, traveling in and around Diraz is nothing less than a nightmare with traffic jams at every entry point of the town, which is witnessing an increase in tightened security at its checkpoints.
Meanwhile, since last June the citizens of Diraz have been experiencing an internet blockade everyday between 7pm and 1am as a result of a service restriction order from the Bahraini authorities. The citizens of Diraz are increasingly being cut off from the outside world. They cannot even contact emergency services, and somebody is caught aiding a fellow citizen he/she will disappear like Habib and hundreds of others like him.
Last week, BCHR documented a total of 17 arbitrary arrests, among them 6 children. 1 of them was released later. https://t.co/7k7g57csTmpic.twitter.com/CjK3yCHj1W — Bahrain Human Rights (@BahrainRights) March 1, 2017
Last week alone, the Bahrain Center for Human Rights BHRC documented a total of 17 arbitrary arrests, among whom were six children. In the same week, 129 marches took place in 40 villages in Bahrain to denounce the chain of repressions and kidnappings targeting peaceful protestors and Friday prayers' attendees. BHRC reported that 26 marches during the same week were attacked by the Bahraini riot police and a total of 19 persons were judged in 6 politically motivated cases.
It is an open secret in Bahrain that after 6 years of constant crackdowns on millions of protestors who clamored for social justice and political self-determination, the ruling Al Khalifa regime has managed to get away with brutalizing, imprisoning, torturing and killing their own civilians under nonsensical pretexts. Although the monarchy has often expressed its desire to negotiate a political solution, promises of change have translated on the ground to a systematic crackdown.
The Al Khalifa regime has utterly failed to bear its responsibility in creating a space of dialogue in order to foster harmony, cohesion and tolerance. Instead of pushing for respect of cultural diversities amongst its citizens as a fundamental basis of democracy and peace-building, the authorities have politicized freedom of religion and successfully used it as a pretext for the incitement of hatred, violence and racial discrimination against groups of individuals and religious minorities.
International community's deafening silence
Despite the fact that the Bahraini authorities have been only tightening restrictions on the rights to freedom of expression and association and continuing to curtail the right to peaceful assembly while detaining and charging several human rights defenders, banning others from traveling abroad, dissolving the main opposition group and stripping more than 80 people of their Bahraini citizenship, the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) has largely remained silent on the situation in Bahrain.
According to a joint NGO letter to Permanent Representatives of Member and Observer States of the UN Human Rights Council, Bahrain's courts continued to play a key role last year in issuing repressive orders and granting the authorities broad discretionary powers to revoke Bahrainis' citizenship, in some cases leaving them stateless.
The ultimate repressive order was issued on January 9, 2017 by Bahrain's Court of Cassation upheld death sentences against three protestors convicted of killing police including three police officers in a bomb attack.
Sami Mushaima (42), Ali Al-Singace (21) and Abbas Al-Samea (27), who were executed on the morning of January 15, 2017 by firing squad, were reported by Bahrain Center for Human Rights BHRC to have been tortured during interrogation to force them to confess to the bomb attack. According to the BHRC, the lawyers of the executed men were not given access to all the hearings against the defendants, nor allowed to cross-examine prosecution witnesses during court hearings.
The shocking part about the atrocities inflicting the Bahrainis is no longer the blatant violations of the Al Khalifa monarchy as much as it is the international community turning a blind eye to the Bahraini people's legitimate struggle for democratic rights.
UK government complicit in oppression
The US and the UK are two major western states supposedly committed to supporting human rights, democratic values, free speech and political self-determination, while, at the same time, are flagrantly partnering with dictatorships like that of the Bahraini Monarchy to advance their foreign agenda.
For instance, the government of the United Kingdom signed what the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) called a "landmark defense agreement" with the Gulf island kingdom of Bahrain in 2014. Clearly ongoing human rights abuses committed by those partners on their own citizens are not considered a shared strategic and regional threat especially when Bahrain is home to a major Royal Navy base. The multi-million-pound Royal Navy facility in Bahrain, which was founded in November 2016 housing up to 600 UK military personnel, became the staging-post for Britain in the Middle East and is designed to assert influence over the Gulf. Bahrain has paid most of the £30million-plus cost, with the UK contributing around £7.5million.
During the opening of the new Naval Support Facility (NSF) in Manama, Britain's first permanent military base in the region since 1971, the Telegraph published an OpEd by Fawaz bin Mohamed Al Khalifa, Bahrain's Ambassador to London, who claimed that King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa outlined the Gulf Cooperation Council's interest in a free trade agreement between the UK and the GCC, which would significantly increase the UK's access to the GCC's £1.3 trillion market; a market estimated to grow by a further £400 billion by 2020.
Relative to its size, Bahrain already hosts a large number of British companies. The Bahraini Ambassador to London put the figures at “500 British brands, 90 British company branches, and 350 Bahraini-British business partnerships”. These businesses operate in some of Bahrain's key sectors, including banking, accounting, law and industry. Meanwhile bilateral trade between Bahrain and the UK generated a staggering £432 million in 2015 alone, which would simply explain why the UK would choose to remain silent on all the human rights violations in the tiny gulf kingdom.
These bilateral relations are signed and sealed with Bahraini blood, says Ali Alaswad, former Bahraini Member of Parliament who was elected in October 2010, but resigned in February 2011 in response to the Governments' crackdown on peaceful democracy protesters.
A total of 19 persons were judged in 6 politically motivated cases last week in #Bahrain. Read BCHR's newsletter: https://t.co/7k7g56URuMpic.twitter.com/XC5TEWSN5h — Bahrain Human Rights (@BahrainRights) March 1, 2017
After his home was targeted by security forces, AlAswad left Bahrain and now resides in London where he continues his political work to achieve a democratic Bahrain. As I spoke with MP AlAswad, he emphasized that the UK's current disappointing stance towards ignoring the human rights violations in Bahrain provides “a green light to the Bahraini government to abuse the basic human rights of the civilians which permits it to become more violent against the Shia majority and the Bahraini opposition.”
AlAswad told me “it doesn't matter who you are in Bahrain, if you dare to demand for your basic rights then you will be in grave danger, which is why if the UK government as a strategic ally to the Bahraini government doesn't use its ties as a strong card to support the oppressed Bahraini people to at least secure their basic human rights as enlisted in the declaration of human rights, then the UK is whitewashing the Bahraini authorities' shocking human rights record by deliberately blocking official criticism of the Kingdom especially at international forums like the UN”.
The UK government is now seen by human rights activists and Bahraini opposition figures as a complicit in the tiny gulf kingdom's tyranny against the outcry of the legitimate and basic demands of the Bahraini civilians until an official statement is issued from the UK government to condemn the acts of oppression of the Bahraini monarchy against its people.
“How do you expect the majority of the population to react when they see their leaders and clerics being detained, unlawfully imprisoned and even sometimes deported from their own country?” asks MP AlAswad.
Sheikh Ali Salman, a Shiite cleric and head of the Al-Wefaq opposition party, is now sentenced to serve nine years in jail for allegedly inciting hatred and calling for regime change by force.
The Bahraini authorities then went overboard when they stripped the highest religious authority in the country Sheikh Isa Qassim, a 79-year-old cleric, of his citizenship in June 2016 over accusations that he used his position to serve foreign interests and promote sectarianism and violence. Tis happened a week after the government of Bahrain suspended the Shia opposition group al-Wefaq.
The implications of this arrest is sending shockwaves on the streets of Manama, Diraz, Sanabes, Karbabad, Karzakan and Barbar with protestors refusing to back down. This resistance is prompting even more oppression and kidnapping from the Bahraini authorities.
من اليوم الأول لحملةالتشويه على آية الله قاسم كان واضحا أن سببها المواقف الشجاعة والصلبة له المطالبة بالحقوق المشروعة للشعب البحريني المظلوم — Hussain Aldaihi (@Haldaihi) February 28, 2017
Earlier this week, Al-Wefaq Deputy Secretary General, Sheikh Hussein al-Daihi, said through his Twitter account, that targeting Ayatollah Qassim is triggered by his brave and firm stances, to demand legitimate rights for the oppressed Bahraini people. The deputy SG also stressed that Ayatollah Qassim is a red line, and the repercussions of crossing that line would go beyond the country's borders.
Privacy experts have sounded alarms on face recognition for years. Originally, there were concerns that walking into airports and in public parks meant you were scanned and matched to secret criminal databases. Those fears have since evolved, and now face recognition is a bedrock of predictive technology. Soon, your chances of becoming a terrorist or developing a rare disease could be determined from your face. And our oncoming new-normal of ever-present face recognition technology may also be used to predict sexuality—accurately or otherwise—prompting concerns for queer people in countries where anonymity is key to survival.
Stanford researchers claim they've used face recognition software trained on dating profile pictures to accurately identify someone's sexuality. Researchers Michal Kosinski and Yilun Wang trained software using 35,326 pictures of 14,776 people. Participants (who weren't contacted for the study, but have public profiles) were placed into four equal, self-reported categories: gay women, gay men, straight women, and straight men.
Advertisement
The Economist summarizes the results:
When shown one photo each of a gay and straight man, both chosen at random, the model distinguished between them correctly 81% of the time. When shown five photos of each man, it attributed sexuality correctly 91% of the time. The model performed worse with women, telling gay and straight apart with 71% accuracy after looking at one photo, and 83% accuracy after five. In both cases the level of performance far outstrips human ability to make this distinction. Using the same images, people could tell gay from straight 61% of the time for men, and 54% of the time for women. This aligns with research which suggests humans can determine sexuality from faces at only just better than chance.
91% accuracy in guessing sexuality is startling, even if it's attainable only in ideal conditions. The larger takeaway, however, is that the software reliably outperformed humans by as much as 30%, meaning that the AI's rote pattern-based analysis seems to be much sharper than whatever alchemy humans use to intuit people's sexuality from a glance.
Advertisement
Dr. Kosinski makes clear to The Economist that he didn't create any new software tools for this, but simply put together preexisting tech. In fact, there's precedent for these concepts independently, just not put together. Facebook already uses facial recognition when it suggests tagging friends in photos and further, the social network analyzes user behavior to determine your sexuality, even if you don't tell them explicitly. Google can easily do the same when it uses search history to determine which suggestions and ads pop up.
This suggests the study could be replicated, a matter not just of privacy but life-or-death in places where homosexuality is outlawed. In Chechnya, for example, gay men are imprisoned and forced to reveal names of other gay men. Dr. Kosinski acknowledges that even a proof of concept can be dangerous, though it's important to show what AI and face recognition are capable of. It's essential to be aware of what those in power could do with face recognition technology.
Advertisement
Broadly, face recognition works by measuring people's faces and assigning them a “faceprint.” In this particular study, the software was shown the faceprints of men and women who identified themselves as gay or straight. It found patterns and then, when shown pictures it had never seen before, it searched for those patterns and categorized people accordingly.
Of course, as these are dating profiles, all the queer people are presumably open about their sexuality. And that makes a difference in their appearance, particularly as appearing more masculine or feminine affects their dating chances. And as these categories are self-reported, it's also entirely possible not all of the people marked as “straight” are exclusively heterosexual.
If a nation hostile to queer people wanted to re-create similar technology, they'd first have to train AI on localized photos of queer people. That'd be difficult, but not impossible, to find if they outlaw homosexuality and few people are “out” to have their photos scanned.
Advertisement
This particular study was also conducted in the US with a limited sample size; the accuracy rate could significant differ with a different set of people located elsewhere on the planet.
There are technical limitations as well. A follow-up test was recalibrated to more accurately reflect the ratio of gay to straight men. The software was given photos of 1,000 men, fewer than 100 of which identified as gay on the site. The software's accuracy in this case dropped: Only 47 of the 100 men it selected as gay actually identified that way.
Even as face recognition becomes standard in public places, we're still discovering ways it can be misused against vulnerable members of society. For queer people specifically, this dawning surveillance dystopia is all too familiar.
Advertisement
[The Economist]
Details Published on Monday, February 23 2015 17:16 Written by Johnny M
A Corps of Thors Unleashed on BATTLEWORLD in THORS #1!
New York, NY—February 23rd, 2015— This June, meet Battleworld's steadfast police force, the Thors! Gods of Thunder, doling out justice at the end of a hammer in THORS #1 – the brand-new Secret Wars series from blockbuster writer Jason Aaron (Thor, Star Wars) and Eisner-award winning artist Chris Sprouse (Tom Strong, Multiversity)!
“This is basically me doing a cop story, but with hammers instead of guns,” says writer Jason Aaron, in an interview with Marvel.com. “It's every version of Thor you can imagine, all walking beats, solving murders, getting yelled at by their commissioner and blowing off steam at their local Thor-cop bar.”
The chaos of Secret Wars requires a different kind of lawman. Welcome to the force. Whenever there's trouble on Battleworld, the Thors answer the call. Gods of Thunder from every world, united in their quest to uphold the law. Keeping the peace, closing cases, and dispensing judgment with the crash of thunder and the crack of lightning!
Yet when the Thors pick up a puzzling murder case on Battleworld, the rules change. And the entire corps is sent scrambling to find the murderer. But when some Thors begin asking the wrong questions, they'll begin to pull at strings that could unravel the very fabric of reality!
Throg the Frog of Thunder, Beta Ray Thor, Thor Stormborn and many, many more hammer wielders from across the Marvel Universe take center stage to mettle out a new kind of justice. Prepare yourselves for a hard-hitting Marvel Comics police drama the likes of which you've never seen before. Bring the thunder this June, as THORS #1 crashes in to comic shops and on to digital devices!
THORS #1
Written by JASON AARON
Art & Cover by CHRIS SPROUSE
On Sale in June!
To find a comic shop near you, visit www.comicshoplocator.com or call 1-888-comicbook.
The New York Post has an “EXCLUSIVE” today reporting that the rumors of an MLS facility in Queens' Flushing Meadows-Corona Park have progressed so far that a $300 million stadium could begin construction early next year:
The stadium would be located next to the Mets' Citi Field and the Arthur Ashe tennis stadium, and would include nine high-quality soccer fields available for community and minor-league use, sources said. While Major League Soccer had made its interest in Flushing Meadows known before, insiders say talks on the project have advanced considerably and are close to being wrapped up.
This, frankly, doesn't jibe that well with what I've been hearing in my last few days of talking to MLS and local elected officials and community residents, which is that while Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office is largely on board with the MLS project, there's still a long road ahead to get the necessary legislative approvals. In particular, the city councilmember for the park, Julissa Ferreras, has expressed concerns about carving out yet another piece of Queens' most-used public park for private uses: “She is in support of MLS coming to Queens,” Ferreras spokesperson Tarik Coles told me. “It's just a matter of things being done correctly. It's a decision that affects this community, and they need to be involved.” In fact, since presumably any stadium would need to go through the nine-month ULURP land-use process, that'd pretty much preclude anything getting built starting in early 2013, though late 2013 is a possibility.
And then there's also the little matter of the New York Mets owners, who reportedly hate the MLS plan, both because it would provide potential competition for outdoor concerts (at 25,000 seats, an MLS stadium wouldn't be much smaller capacity than Citi Field, especially since so many seats there are behind the stage and unusable for concerts) and because a soccer team would want to use their parking lot, which they already have their own plans to redevelop as a shopping mall. (Citi Field and its parking lot are both technically built on parkland, incidentally. As is the adjacent U.S. Open tennis center. You can see why locals might be getting a bit peevish by now.)
Reading tea leaves furiously here, and noting that 1) the Post exclusive was reported by the paper's Albany editor, Frederic Dicker, and 2) the only even partly IDed source for his story was an “excited state official” (no, not that kind of excited state), I'm guessing that what's happening is that things are moving quickly in the state legislature, which is where the parkland must be “alienated” before it can be turned over to a private entity. After that, we'd still be looking at close to a year of city hearings over the plan, unless MLS can somehow get an exemption from ULURP.
It would still mean that MLS would have to be close to identifying new sites to build replacement public soccer fields for the ones currently occupying the proposed stadium site — which is again not what I'm hearing, as all the sites so far have either been too far afield or adjacent to industrial uses. So maybe this is just some state official trying to pump up excitement over the project. Or not. Tea leaves, unlike unnamed officials, are so frustratingly unspecific.
[UPDATE: Also from the attributed quote desk, Deadspin reports that “a really rich dude from the UAE is in the lead” for being the new team's owner, adding: “‘The guy from the Emirates is lobbying the city for all these crazy benefits and tax breaks,' said my source, who is a alas didn't have a name for me.” Crazy benefits and tax breaks goes against what the Post said in terms of who'd be paying for the stadium; guess we'll have to wait for the unnamed sources to get their story straight.]
A massive blackout left more than half of Venezuela without electricity on Friday afternoon, according to news reports.
The blackout affected as many as 13 Venezuelan states, leaving around 60% of the country without electricity, the local newspapers El Universal and El Nacional reported. A cut in the electricity line between San Gerónimo and La Arenosa in the state of Guarico was reportedly responsible for the outage.
"It seems like there are some problems, we are going to investigate the problems we are having with electrical service in some parts of the country," President Nicolas Maduro said in a speech, according to Reuters.
Venezuelans reported the outage, which left 2 million people in the capital Caracas without subway service, on Twitter.
Gran apagón afecta a la mayor parte de las ciudades de Venezuela pic.twitter.com/dCGSFwFHpC — Meli Colmenares (@MelCol_) June 27, 2014
#VENEZUELA #TROPA NI CON CHIABES PASABA ESTO; SON UNA VERGÜENZA ! APAGON EN MÁS DE LA MITAD DEL PAÍS ! pic.twitter.com/tpWDvHhNhb — michael scholz (@RaulDictador) June 27, 2014
This is not the first time the country suffers a major blackout. In December, Venezuela plunged into darkness.
It's unclear why electricity outages are so frequent in Venezuela. But critics say lackluster investment in the energy sector by the Maduro government is to blame.
After an all-too-long break from video editing, I finally picked up my camera again and had some fun in the kitchen. Believe it or not, I missed the terrifying heart-dropping moment when hours of editing disappear in front of your face. The shear panic as you frantically delete things on your computer in order to make more space for a 2-minute video. Hearing the same royalty-free song play over and over and over and over and over (sorry just replicating the experience for you) again until you realize the video stopped 10 minutes ago, but the music is still in your head. Being up past your adult-bedtime to make a thumbnail for the video and finally accepting your work and walking away.
So without further ado, here are 7 hours of my life put into a 2-minute video. Be kind.
Recipe
Combine and blend in food processor:
1 15.25-ounce can of black beans (drained and rinsed)
2 tbsp cocoa powder
1/2 cup oats
1/4 tsp salt
1/3 cup maple syrup
2 tbsp sugar
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 tsp vanilla extract
1/2 tsp baking powder
Stir in:
1/2 cup chocolate chips (plus some for topping)
Bake at 350 degrees for 18-20 minutes and allow 10 minutes to cool (or burn your mouth, whatever you're into)
Best enjoyed warm topped with dairy-free ice cream and Hershey's (accidentally vegan) chocolate syrup. YUM!
There ya go, world! Next cinematic creation: Chocolate Chip Crack Cookies. #AlliterationWin
Advertisements
Image caption Health workers and doctors went on strike in protest at the latest austerity measures
The Greek parliament has passed a law that allows a debt write-down with private creditors, which is a key plank of its EU/IMF bailout agreement.
Banks and other private creditors will be asked to take a 53.5% loss on their bonds, wiping out 107bn euros (£90bn;$142bn) of Greek debt.
Now that the debt swap has been approved, MPs will also be asked to back further austerity measures.
They are required before Greece receives its second big EU/IMF loan.
Earlier this week, eurozone countries agreed to the 130bn euro loan in order to bring Greece's debt down from 160% of GDP to 120.5% of GDP by 2020. Without a further loan, Greece stands to default on its debts on 20 March.
Ministers have to push through 3.3bn euros in budget cuts in the next few days. One of the harshest measures is a 22% reduction in the minimum wage, which is set to go through early next week. A minimum monthly wage would fall to 580 euros, and even less for people aged under 25.
MPs are also due to vote next week on pension cuts as well as reductions in the health, education and defence budgets.
Doctors and other health workers went on strike on Thursday, protesting outside the health ministry.
'Cheese on a mousetrap'
The debt-swap law went through parliament on Thursday largely because of the support of the two main parties - Pasok and New Democracy - in Prime Minister Lucas Papademos's coalition government.
A number of left-wing groups and the far-right Laos party, which recently pulled out of the government, objected to emergency measures being used to push through the bill.
"You put the debt swap in front of us like a piece of cheese on a mousetrap, which is 10 years of hardship," MP Dimitrios Papadimoulis told parliament, adding that a proposal to slash 300m euros from pensions should be replaced with a freeze on an order for two German-made submarines.
But Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said that not ratifying the bond-swap deal would be catastrophic.
"The true dilemma is: either sacrifices with prospects, or complete destruction with no prospects. Either cuts which are harsh... or the inability to pay salaries and pensions," he said.
Included in the debt swap law are collective action clauses (CACs) which will force all private bond-holders to take a loss on their investments if two-thirds of investors back the government's offer. For the swap to go ahead, 50% of investors will have to respond to it.
The European Commission has forecast a 0.3% contraction in the eurozone economy in 2012, with the Greek economy expected to shrink by 4.4%.
After much speculation and some back and forth between Bayern Munich and Juventus, it would appear that an agreement has been reached for the transfer of winger Douglas Costa.
According to Sport Bild, the transfer fee is 40 million euros and would not immediately be paid in full as it is structured as a loan with an obligation to buy, giving Juventus a few years to pay the full transfer fee. The transfer between both clubs was previously stalled due to a rule in Serie A regarding the amount of EU players on a teams current roster. But with sale of Brazilian keeper Neto to Valencia, a new spot opened up on their roster which Costa can fill.
Costa has had an up and down tenure with Bavaria that was ultimately more brief than either side thought when he joined from Shakhtar Donetsk in the summer of 2015 for about 30 million euros. After a solid first season, he struggled to find minutes in his sophomore campaign as his appearances dropped from a total of 43 to 34. This was due in no small part to Bavaria finally having a healthy Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery whom Costa could not supplant in Carlo Ancelotti's starting XI.
While Costa is listed on Bavaria's for Audi Summer Tour in Asia, it is unknown who, if anyone, will take his spot on the roster.
Planning Area and Regional Centre in East Region ----, Singapore
Tampines (Chinese: 淡滨尼, Tamil: தெம்பினிஸ்) is a planning area and residential town in the East Region of Singapore. The planning area is bordered by Bedok and Paya Lebar to the west, Pasir Ris to the north, Changi to the east and the Singapore Straits to the south. Tampines New Town is located in the northern portion of Tampines planning area. Tampines is the third largest new town in Singapore by area, covering over 2089 hectares of land and also is the third most populated new town, following Bedok and Jurong West. It is the regional centre for the East Region.
History [ edit ]
Tampines Avenue 10
Apartment blocks in Tampines Town
In the past, Tampines was covered by forests, swamp and sand quarries. Ironwood trees, or tempinis in Malay, grew abundantly. The area was part of a military training area until about 1987.
The name Tampines goes back to the Franklin and Jackson map of 1828. It is named after Sungei Tampines, which in turn got its name from the tempinis trees (Malay for Streblus elongatus) which were said to be growing by it.
The oldest street in the area, Tampines Road, dates to 1864 when it was a cart tract. At the turn of the 20th century, Tampines was a rubber plantation. Tampines was also home to the sand quarry for a long time. Among the plantations were Teo Tek Ho and Hun Yeang estates.
The new town started in 1978. Construction began for Neighbourhoods 1 and 2 and was completed between 1983 and 1987 although they were given priority. Neighbourhoods 8 and 9 started in 1985–1989, followed by Neighbourhood 5 which was completed in 1989 with the Tampines Town Centre. Neighbourhood 4 was completed with the new Tampines North Division between 1986 and 1988. Tampines Town was at the fast-paced expansion, that breaks it into Tampines East, Tampines West, Tampines North and Tampines Changkat divisions.
For the Singapore MRT plans, they showed "Tampines North" and "Tampines South" since the planning stages which is due to the similar townships from 1979 to 1982, before they were renamed respectively in 1985 to Tampines and Simei.
New construction methods expedited the development of the town's infrastructure. More attractive designs, colours and finishings were incorporated into Tampines, compared to earlier public housing which consisted of uniform slabs of concrete laid out row after row with more thought given to function than form. The Town Centre was planned as an hourglass shape to create a unique urban design form for the town.[4] The Housing and Development Board (HDB) managed the construction of the town until 1991, when it handed the reins over to the Tampines Town Council. The Town Council is run by grassroot leaders and the residents themselves.
The Building and Social Housing Foundation (BSHF) of the United Nations awarded the World Habitat Award to Tampines, which was selected as a representative of Singapore's new towns, on 5 October 1992. The award was given in recognition of an outstanding contribution towards human settlement and development.
Neighbourhoods 3 and 7 were only fully completed in 1997, and the constituencies had been reformed to include the new Tampines Central division. Construction was paused until the developments of Tampines Central were started in 2010, which includes The Premiere @ Tampines, Tampines GreenLeaf, Centrale 8, Tampines Trilliant and Citylife @ Tampines, including some of the other leftover pockets of residential developments such as Tampines GreenTerrace, Arc @ Tampines, Q Bay Residences and The Santorini.
Neighbourhood 6, which is also known as Tampines North New Town, has started construction with the first Build-To-Order (BTO) flats Tampines GreenRidges being announced at the end of November 2014. Tampines GreenRidges is also part of the first phase of development of the Tampines North New Town's Park West District, which is the first district to be constructed in the Tampines North New Town development.
Tampines Court, had been en-bloc since July 2017 and all residents vacated their premises by 12 December 2018. It is a former HUDC flat that was privatised in 2002.[5]. The upcoming condominium is Treasure at Tampines.[6]
Amenities [ edit ]
Tampines, which includes Tampines North and Simei is home to over 237,800 residents living in 152,000 HDB flats spread out over 24.24 square kilometres:
Tampines Regional Centre [ edit ]
The urban planning policy of Singapore is to create partially self-sufficient towns, in terms of commercial needs, to relieve strain on traffic drawn to the city centre. Thus, an array of facilities is provided primarily for residents in the new towns. Tampines is one of Singapore's four regional centres (along with Woodlands, Jurong East and future Seletar), under the plan of the Urban Redevelopment Authority. As a result, the Tampines Regional Centre serves the Tampines residents and the entire East Region.
Commercial services [ edit ]
Tampines Mall
IKEA Tampines
Retail shopping in the Tampines Regional Centre is done at three main shopping malls: Tampines Mall, Century Square and Tampines 1. Commercial tenants of the shopping centres include restaurants, supermarkets, department stores, cinemas, bookstores, jewellery and gift shops.
While outside of Tampines Town there is also East Point Mall, Singapore Expo and Changi City Point nearby.
On 30 November 2006, IKEA opened its second outlet in Singapore at Tampines Retail Park, with adjacent Courts and Giant, and together, these three are the first to have warehouse retail stores in Singapore.
On 6 April 2009, UNIQLO opened its first outlet in Singapore at Tampines 1.[7]
Community services [ edit ]
Tampines Regional Library
The Tampines Regional Library was located at Tampines Central and has now moved its facilities to the Tampines Hub.
Parks [ edit ]
The three main parks in the Tampines Town are Sunplaza Park, at Tampines Avenue 7 and 9; Tampines Bike Park (which officially closed on 17 September 2014, as to make way for the future developments of the future Tampines North New Town.[8]), at the junction of Tampines 9 and 7; and NParks the latest nature park as of 24 April 2011, Tampines Eco Green,[9] at the junction of Tampines 12 and 9. All of the parks are close to each other to provide easy access to each.
The other parks in Tampines Town are mainly community parks– Tampines North Park, Tampines Leisure Park, Tampines Central Park, Tampines Park, Festival Park, Tampines Green, Tampines Tree Garden, and some neighbourhood parks. Occasionally, community-related events are held at Festival Park.
There's also another unofficial park in Tampines Town, it is Tampines Quarry Park, which originally was a sand quarry. As time passed, rain water filled the quarry. It is the only park in Tampines that is not equipped with any facilities, but this park is still popular among residents living nearby. There are no signs to the park and there is no entrance as it is hidden among the greenery. There are hidden pathways to enter.
In future, there will be mainly 2 new main parks in Tampines Town, namely Tampines Boulevard Park and Tampines North Quarry Park which will be located at the future Tampines North New Town. There will also be more new neighbourhood parks added in the future in both Tampines Town and Tampines North New Town together with the developments in the area.
Our Tampines Hub [ edit ]
The Tampines Hub[10][11] is a new development in Tampines. Construction began in June 2013 and it opened on 9 November 2016. It is located at Tampines Stadium along Avenue 4 and 5, together with the swimming pool.
It is built for the residents of Tampines and provides a community space where residents can gather, interact and bond with others from the community. Facilities available include a community centre, sports and recreation centres, swimming pools, bowling alleys, karaoke facility, information centres and several offices. The Tampines Regional Library was also relocated here.
Politics [ edit ]
Originally, Tampines was under the Tampines Single Member Constituency when it was still under development up until 1988. From there, was made into Tampines Group Representation Constituency. The National Solidarity Party (and later Singapore Democratic Alliance in the 2001 and 2006 elections) had always contested in the town in all the general elections except in 1997, when the party was disqualified. In 2015, the National Solidarity Party contested once again, but lost to the ruling People's Action Party. Currently, the Tampines GRC is led by the PAP and were both headed by Minister for Finance Heng Swee Keat and by Minister of the Environment and Water Resources and Muslim Affairs Masagos Zulkifli.
Transportation [ edit ]
Road network [ edit ]
A network of expressways, namely the Pan-Island Expressway, East Coast Parkway and Tampines Expressway, and arterial roads allows easy movement within the town and link it to other parts of the island. Tampines Avenue 10, an arterial road, forms the start/end of the Outer Ring Road System, a semi-expressway.
Mass rapid transit [ edit ]
There are currently 6 MRT stations that serve the planning area across 2 lines, the East West Line and Downtown Line. Both lines have two interchange stations at Tampines MRT Station and Expo MRT Station on the Changi Airport Branch line. The stations of the Downtown Line were opened on 21 October 2017 as part of DTL3. The 6 stations are:
Xilin MRT Station will be a future station as part of DTL3 extension, will be completed in 2024 in tandem with the opening of the Stage 4 of the Thomson-East coastline.
Tampines North MRT Station will be the newest future station added to Tampines. It will be located in Tampines North New Town, and it is part of the stations in Stage 1 of the Cross Island Line, which will be completed in 2029.
Bus [ edit ]
There are two bus interchanges, the Tampines Bus Interchange and Tampines Concourse Bus Interchange. Tampines Bus Interchange has been operating since 1983 as a bus terminus and later on it moved to Tampines Central 1 in 1987. Tampines Concourse Bus Interchange was opened on 18 December 2016 to increase the capacity of the existing Tampines Bus Interchange.[12][13]
A third bus interchange, Tampines North Bus Interchange, is currently under planning.[14]
Education [ edit ]
The eleven primary schools, nine secondary schools, three tertiary institutions, and two international school to provide education for Tampines residents and those living in the region. There are plans to add new schools in Tampines due to a high demand in the East Region of the city-state of Singapore.
Primary schools [ edit ]
Angsana Primary School
Changkat Changi Primary School
Chongzheng Primary School
East Spring Primary School
Gongshang Primary School
Junyuan Primary School
Poi Ching School
Saint Hilda's Primary School
Tampines North Primary School
Tampines Primary School
Yumin Primary School
Secondary schools [ edit ]
Tertiary institutions [ edit ]
International school [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
TPM Reader JM not happy with McCain's sleazy campaign …
The sex ed ad is literally worse than the Willie Horton ad, because at least the Horton story was true. But the bill Obama supported actually did the reverse of what McCain claims – it didn't mandate more sex ed for anybody, it tried to toughen up existing classes by teaching the risks of STDs. The bill didn't glorify sex, it highlighted the dangers of sex. It's the most old fashioned sex ed there is: scaring kids straight. So now even THAT is anti-family? Calling this “perverse” is a good first step, but the lie here deserves much, much more. It's the disgusting act of a candidate who cares more about scaring people with lies than warning kids about the dangers of early sexual activity. Anyone who would oppose such
warnings is an objective supporter of unprotected, unsafe underage sex. So throw back the slime with a truthful attack: It's McCain who wants more unsafe teenage sex, McCain who wants more kids to get STDs, McCain who wants more young people to get HIV. McCain would rather win a political campaign than protect children from sexual diseases. That's worse than shameful, worse than unpatriotic. That's evil.
TPM Reader WS has some more to add …
Is everyone looking close enough at the McCain ad? I just watched the ad again. There is one picture of children, all of them white (I think – can you tell?) And the next image is of Obama, looking down and over his shoulder, with a smile on his face. But since when do campaign ads show your opponent smiling? It's always a frown or a grimace, right? Not this time. What's he smiling about? It's not subtle. And it's not an ad about sex education. A black man, sex, and children. I think this ad is more odious than is being acknowledged. Take another look at it!
Couldn't agree more. But let's not be surprised. McCain is pure sleaze. Sound harsh? Sure. But any other interpretation of the man at this point amounts to willful obliviousness or an embrace of the fantasy that he somehow doesn't know what his campaign is doing in his name. This is the race he's decided to run. Now what do you do about it?
Among the potentials of Bitcoin and its underlying blockchain technology is the ability to improve efficiency for cross-border payments. In an ideal world (payments-wise) we would all be using the same currency and cross border transactions wouldn't incur transaction and conversion fees involved with the foreign exchange (FX) market. But FX is a part of every cross-currency transaction and costs related to converting currencies can add up from a percent or two to as high as 10%.
One of the solutions for more efficient cross-currency payments is through the use of bitcoins. In the world of remittance, bitcoins have often been viewed as a natural payment product. One of the typical user examples is that a foreign worker in the UK could purchase bitcoins with pound notes at an ATM and instantly send them to their relatives in another country. The receivers would then convert and withdraw the funds in their local currency using a two-way ATM in their country. Basic banking features could also be created to allow for users to create savings accounts. While such models are being put in place, infrastructure costs that include the placing and servicing of ATMs as well as a lack of liquidity for converting bitcoins to local currencies in exotic markets is providing friction for remittance using bitcoins.
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Moving up the ladder to service businesses, one firm that is proving to achieve cost efficiency for cross-border payments using the blockchain is Align Commerce. Speaking to Marwan Forzley, CEO of Align Commerce, he explained to Digital Currency Magnates that “payments on a domestic level are relatively efficient. The friction occurs when you use different currencies and FX costs get involved.” He added that most B2B payments are facilitated through bank-to-bank transfers via Swift. But while such a system works, there is a lack of transparency in pricing, with bank customers rarely having an idea of the price of the currency conversions in relation to the real market. Also an issue is the time involved with Swift bank transfers which can take up to a week to get processed which leads to pricing risks if currency levels change dramatically.
To provide a solution, Align Commerce offers two services to business customers: cross currency invoicing and a cross currency payment gateway for eCommerce companies. The foundation of each service is the ability to allow companies to collect payments from their customer's currency of choice while receiving it in their local currency.
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
Using the invoicing solution, a company in the US can bill a French client $10,000 for services or products being sold. With Align Commerce's invoicing, the French client receives the invoice with the option to have the value converted to euros for a total fee of 1.9% and a local bank to send the transfer. Upon sending the euros to the local bank, Align Commerce executes the transfer on the blockchain switching fiat to cryptocurrencies and back to fiat. The dollars are then locally transferred to the seller's account.
Describing the service further, Forzley explained that Align Commerce has relationships with banks in numerous countries as well as relationships with bitcoin exchanges. He explained that a flat fee of 1.9% is below the fee that banks charge when taking the currency exchange rates into account, with the whole payment transfer being executed much quicker. When asked why they use a consistent 1.9% fee and don't adjust it, Forzley answered that “businesses value a simple cost structure for fees.” Further, Align Commerce provides an “Invoice Status” page for payments to be tracked which is valuable for the businesses that use the platform.
Similar to their invoicing solution, the eCommerce solution is a payment gateway that adjusts the payment currency based on the user. As a result, when checking out, customers are provided the option to pay in their local currency with local options for the fund transfer. Forzley explained that while in the US the credit card system is the defacto method of online shopping, in the rest of the world, and especially in Asia, bank-to-bank transfers are more widely used and are cost effective. As a result, Align Commerce uses a similar fiat-to-crypto-to-fiat system to process eCommerce payments.
This article first appeared on our cryptocurrency website DCMagnates.com
Backstory – The Draft
Pete Carroll wasted no time in declaring Percy Harvin out of practice this week. That means he will not play in 15 of the team's 16 regular season games, and I expect an announcement this week that he will be placed on injured reserve, with Walter Thurmond III taking his roster spot as he returns from the suspended list. Carroll and John Schneider have had a remarkable run of personnel decisions in their four years in Seattle. Their biggest misstep may have been trading for Charlie Whitehurst. Even then, the damage on the field and to the roster was minimal. The forumula has been to aquire young talent through the draft, give them early playing time to allow for maximum impact during the rookie contract years, and sprinkle in short-term free agents of varying costs to fill in around the. The Harvin deal represented a departure from the formula. It was a massive contractstructured in a way that locks the team in for a chunk of timea collection of draft picks. If the team had simply signed Harvin to the contract without the draft picks, or just the draft picks without the contract, there would be little to question. The risk in acquiring Harvin was never in the player. It was in the cost of acquisition and deviation from team philosophy. There are precious few players and situations when taking that risk is justified. One year into that deal, the odds are looking long that Seattle made the right decision.
Seattle entered the off-season with a goal of adding new pass rushers and a few new weapons for Russell Wilson on offense. They nailed the pass rushers with Cliff Avril and Michael Bennett, but Luke Willson is the only player that qualifies as a new weapon. Before zeroing in on the move to get Harvin this off-season, it is worth understanding the choices that led to Seattle feeling the need to make a big move like that.
Schneider has overseen four drafts now. He has drafted 39 players over those four years. Where the team has invested those picks tells a story.
Schneider draft picks by pos
Weapons have not been a high priority for the Seahawks to acquire via the draft. Only six “skill” players have been drafted at the wide receiver and running back position, and three of those came in this last draft with Christine Michael, Spencer Ware and Chris Harper. Of the three receivers drafted by Schneider, only Golden Tate (2nd) was drafted above the fourth round. It could be argued that receiver has not only been a low priority for the Seahawks front office, but one of their weaker positions to evaluate. Harper did not make the team out of training camp, and was subsequently cut by the 49ers. Kris Durham has grown into a serviceable player for the Lions, but Seattle drafted him to play in the slot. It was Detroit that saw him as an edge receiver and have benefited from their evaluation. Tate is clearly the best receiving prospect that they drafted, but even he took far longer to develop than they could have expected. Maybe some of it is coaching as well. The best receiver moves the front office has made came through unrestricted free agency where they added Doug Baldwin and Jermaine Kearse. They deserve a lot of credit for bringing those players aboard, but if they knew each player was as good as they have been, it is reasonable to have expected a draft choice to spend. There is some fortune involved when an undrafted free agent hits. Part of how a front office has to be judged is who they drafted at a position relative to who was available. Tate, for example, is the 7th-leading receiver this season from his draft class in terms of receptions. The only players the Seahawks could have taken at his 60th spot that have performed better are Antonio Brown (6th rd), Eric Decker (3rd) and Emmanuel Sanders (3rd). Knowing how far below the league average Seattle is in pass attempts, that is pretty darn good. The next year worked out even better. Baldwin ranks fourth in his receiver class for receptions this season, beaten only by A.J. Green, Cecil Shorts and Torrey Smith. He ranks 3rd in receiving yards and 2nd in touchdowns from that class for this season. Deciding to eschew a receiver in the 2012 draft looks less defensible. Alshon Jeffrey was taken with a pick the Seahawks trade to the Bears that turned into Bobby Wagner. Not exactly a loss there, but Jeffrey has become an All-Pro level talent in just his second season. Josh Gordon was taken by the Browns with their 2nd round pick in the supplemental draft. T.Y. Hilton was taken with the 92nd pick in the 3rd round. Rod Streater went undrafted. Jarrett Boykin went undrafted. Marvin Jones was taken with the 166th pick in the 5th round. Seattle drafted Robert Turbin, Jaye Howard and Korey Toomer in rounds 4-5 in 2012. They say the only way to evaluate a draft is at least a year later. The Seahawks 2012 draft will always rightfully be known for nabbing Wilson, but those mid-round selections are looking regrettable. Missing out on another receiver helped to increase the pressure the front office felt to manufacture a receiver addition the following year. Backstory – Free Agency The draft is only one way to address a positional need. Seattle showed it will dive into the free agent waters with the high-priced signing of Sidney Rice in 2011. Let's take a look at who was available to be added via free agency in 2011 and 2012 that might have obviated the need for a Harvin trade. Vincent Jackson was signed by the Bucs in 2012 for 5 years, $55M and $36M guaranteed. The guys at OverTheCap.com see that as essentially an identical deal to Harvin's in terms of really being a 3-year deal for $36M. Jackson is the prototypical big-bodied split end that Carroll covets, and has turned in two terrific seasons in Tampa despite questionable quarterback play. He will finish the year with a second straight season over over 1,200 yard receiving and at least 7 TDs. Same contract. No draft choices. Stevie Johnson re-signed with the Bills in 2012 for 5 years, $36M and $19.5M guaranteed. Johnson is 6'2″ 207 lbs and one of the best route runners in the NFL. He was 26 when he signed his new deal. Injuries and bad quarterbacks have plagued him this year, but he was over 1,000 yards and 6 TDs last season. Those are the two that stand out prior to this off-season. Specifically the Jackson deal and fit with what Seattle needed. Signing him would have been a departure from team philosophy as well because he was 29 at the time of the deal, and the Seahawks prefer to give big contracts to players under 26. Once the total opportunity cost of the Harvin deal is considered, though, Jackson's age seems like a far smaller risk at a far lesser cost. Opportunity Cost
Now let's look at the Harvin deal, and what some alternatives were this season. First, we know it cost Seattle their first-round pick in the 2013 draft, the 25th pick overall.
Forget the Alex Ogletrees, Giovani Bernards, Kiko Alonsos and Kawann Shorts of the world for our purposes here. We will ignore other positions that could have been drafted at that spot, and just focus on the wide receivers. DeAndre Hopkins was drafted 27th and Cordarrelle Patterson was drafted 29th. Terrence Williams was drafted 74th. Keenan Allen was drafted 76th, 15 spots after Christine Michael was taken. Kenny Stills was drafted 144th. Marlon Brown was undrafted. Kenbrell Tompkins was undrafted.
Some will say that Schneider had no way to know who would be available with the 25th pick. His job is to know who would be available and make a decision about whether it was worth the risk to move out of that draft position. Imagine the impact to the Seahawks cap flexibility over the next two years and the impact to the team this season if Seattle had Hopkins, Patterson or Allen instead of Harvin. There is no objective argument to be made at this time that the Seahawks are better off with having made the Harvin trade than to spend a high draft pick on a receiver.
There were also other options for adding receiver talent to the roster outside of the draft. Seattle fans no doubt remember the Anquan Boldin deal for San Francisco that cost them only a 6th round pick and a short-term contract. Even if nepotism was at play, and the price would have been higher for a non-Harbaugh team to acquire Boldin, that was clearly the most cost-effective and low risk wide receiver addition to make. Boldin will never change a game the way Harvin can, but he would have been a great addition to this receiver corps that would have provided the big body target they still lack.
Mike Wallace was signed to what amounts to a 3-year $32M deal with the Dolphins. For all the negatives people say about him, he is 27, can take the top off the defense and has produced over 900 yards in a pass-challenged offense in Miami. Signing him would have restricted the cap in a similar way to Harvin, but allowed the draft picks to be used in other ways and gave Seattle something it lacks.
We still do not know which players Seattle will miss out on in the 3rd round next year when that pick goes to the Vikings as well. We also do not know if the pressure of justifying this move will cause the team to move players like Baldwin in the off-season that have already proven their worth. It is hard to imagine the team going into 2014 with three starting receivers under 6'0″.
There is still time
Some will read this as unfair given we have the benefit of hindsight. Jobs are won and lost based on how decisions turn out, not on what information the person had who made the decision at the time. Trading away three draft picks, two of high value, and giving a high-priced contract to a player with a variety of question marks about durability and character was a risky move by any measure. It has not worked out thus far.
Harvin could return and become the game-changer Schneider and Carroll hoped he would be. He could be so central to what Seattle does that he earns an extension down the line.
This post may be sponsored or contain affiliate links. We may earn money from purchases made through links mentioned in this post, but all opinions are our own. Purchasing products through these links does not change the price you pay.
As anyone who has read my previous post about our finances knows, we are on a serious budget out here. But just because we don't have money doesn't mean work on the homestead stops! With winter fast approaching we knew we couldn't let our water reservoir freeze. Last year we hauled all our water in 5 gallon buckets from a nearby creek, but this year we have running water in the cabin and we pull from our reservoir for that. So how to keep it from freezing? We thought about burying it, but it'd need to be 8 feet down and that is a lot of digging by hand.
We decided we would build our reservoir its own cabin.
There are 3 natural materials we have an abundance of out here: trees, moss, and clay. We started by felling trees, limbed and cut them to length, then moved them to our building site. We ended up using about 60 logs for the entire process. We cut some of our work by joining the water shed to our existing cabin.
Kyle notched the logs and stacked them just as he did when we built our cabin addition, with the exception that we left space for a door rather than cutting one out later. It may have made things a bit trickier, but we needed to be able to work from both sides of the logs. We used timberloks (Amazon) to attach the logs together and make sure the walls are sturdy.
We also timberloked the water shed to our cabin for stability.
After the walls were up, Kyle continued falling trees for the roof. The baby and I picked moss and packed it in all the gaps in the walls. B was a big help picking out pieces to hand to me. Then she went up on the roof with Kyle and helped him add a layer of moss there. After letting the moss dry, I added a layer of clay to fill any other gaps.
Due to the strict budget, we couldn't afford to purchase much for the shed.
Instead of buying new roofing we bartered with our neighbors for some extra tin roofing they had. Kyle milled them stairs for their cabin in exchange. He also put together the most adorable door from lumber we have milled as well. Our sawmill has more than paid for itself in milled lumber! We also found a free wood stove and installed that into the water shed.
The end result is an “old school” cabin as our water shed.
We've already had our first snow here, and have spent several days in the low teens. I'm happy to report that our water shed has not dipped below 35°. We usually only light one fire before bed, but on especially chilly days we'll light another in the morning. Every time we go outside we check the temperature in the water shed. If it's below 40° we light a fire. We only have about 200 gallons in our 1100 gallon reservoir, so once we fill it the water shed should be even warmer.
I'm so glad we didn't need to go back to our bucket system and gravity filters this winter!
This post may contain affiliate links.
Rising home prices across California have eroded affordability to the point that only seven counties, including San Bernardino, have housing that a family earning the median income can afford to buy, according to a study released Thursday.
The analysis of second-quarter home prices and income levels in 32 counties by the Los Angeles-based California Association of Realtors found that 25 counties have housing stock priced out of the reach of families earning the median income.
Home prices have been rising around the state for several years and some markets have approached or matched their pre-recession highs.
“It's pretty shocking,” said association Vice President and chief economist Leslie Appleton-Young.
And the inventory of housing stock within the reach of first-time buyers is dwindling.
“I think that the big risk is with the millennials in California. Where are they going to live? There are some that have parents that can help them with the down payment. They are the lucky ones. But the others are on their own,” Appleton-Yound said.
For example, less than 33 percent of the state's inventory of available single-family homes, condominiums and town homes for sale was priced at or below what a household earning the California median income of $60,244 could afford, the association said.
“The significant disparity between what homebuyers can realistically afford and actual home price is discouraging,” association President Chris Kutzkey, said in a statement. “While housing is affordable in some regions of the state, California lacks an adequate supply and mix of affordable housing in locations where the majority of the state's workforce resides.”
In the second quarter of 2015, the statewide median price of $446,980 was nearly 50 percent higher than what a California household with the median income could qualify for, the analysis said.
But in San Bernardino, where the median-household income is $50,640, wage earners at that level could afford a home costing 13 percent more than the median price of $222,310.
San Bernardino remains one of the state's most affordable markets, according to the analysis.
Fifty-six percent of the county's households could afford the median-priced home costing $223,830. And they needed a minimum annual income of $44,290 to qualify for the mortgage.
Not surprisingly, Los Angeles County is one of the state's least affordable markets.
In Los Angeles, where the median income was $54,510, a family earning that amount could afford a home costing $275,530. But the median-priced home here was 58 percent higher at $436,010.
According to the affordability index, only 30 percent of households in the April through June quarter could afford a $445,190 median-priced home and they would need a minimum qualifying income of $88,080.
Not surprisingly, San Francisco was the least affordable county.
Households in San Francisco earning the median income of $75,910 were only able to afford a home costing $383,670, a difference of $863,900 or 225 percent. That's compared with the actual second-quarter median home price of $1.2 million.
And during the second quarter, just 10 percent of families cold afford a median-priced home costing $1.35 million and they would need to earn a minimum annual income of $267,780 to qualify for the loan.
Islamic view that holds the Quran to be the only authentic source of Islamic faith
Quranism (Arabic: القرآنية‎; al-Qur'āniyya) describes any form of Islam that accepts the Quran as the only sacred text through which God revealed himself to humankind, but rejects the religious authority, reliability, and/or authenticity of the Hadith collections.[1] Muslims that follow the Quran alone are called Quranians, Quranists or Quranites; they believe that God's message in the Quran is clear and complete as it is, and that it can therefore be fully understood without referencing the Hadith. Quranists affirm that the Hadith literature which exists today is apocryphal, as it had been written three centuries after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad; thus, it cannot have the same status as the Quran.
According to the tradition of ahl al-Quran, the split between them and ahl al-Hadith ("The people of Hadith") (which comprises Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis), began when Umar II ordered the first official collection of Hadith almost a century after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad: Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad ibn Hazm and Ibn Shihab al-Zuhri, are among those who wrote Hadiths at Umar II's behest.[2]
Quran alone Islam is similar to movements in Abrahamic religions such as the Karaite movement, the Sadducees, the Samaritans, and the Essenes in Judaism and the Sola scriptura view of Protestant Christianity as well as the King James Only movement in Christianity.[3] In matters of faith (iman) and jurisprudence (fiqh), the Quranists are pitted against ahl al-Hadith (which comprises Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis), who first emerged a century after the death of Muhammad as a movement of Hadith scholars who considered the Hadiths to be authority in matters of law.
Terminology
Adherents of Quranic Islam are referred to as Quranists (Arabic: قرآنيّون‎, translit. Qurāniyyūn), or people of the Quran (Arabic: أهل القرآن‎, translit. 'Ahl al-Qur'ān).[4] This should not be confused with Ahle-e-Quran, which is an organisation formed by Abdullah Chakralawi. Quranists may also refer to themselves simply as Muslims, Submitters, or reformists.[4]
Doctrine
تِلْكَ ءَايَٰتُ ٱللَّهِ نَتْلُوهَا عَلَيْكَ بِٱلْحَقِّ ۖ فَبِأَىِّ حَدِيثٍۭ
بَعْدَ ٱللَّهِ وَءَايَٰتِهِۦ يُؤْمِنُونَ These are the verses of God which We recite to you in truth. Then in what statement [Hadith] after (rejecting) God and His verses will they believe? —Quran (Surah Al-Jathiya, 45:6)
The extent to which Quranists reject the authenticity of the Hadithist Sunnah varies,[5] but the more established groups have thoroughly criticised the authenticity of the Hadith and refused it for many reasons, the most prevalent being the Quranist say that Hadith is not mentioned in the Quran as a source of Islamic theology and practice, was not recorded in written form until a century after the death of Muhammad [6] and contain perceived internal errors and contradictions.[5][7]
Quranists believe that God's message in the Quran is clear and complete as it is, and that it can therefore be fully understood without referencing the Hadith. Thus, all the rituals of Islam, such as salat (prayer) and zakat, are found in the Quran.
Quranic verses (such as 24:54, 33:21) enjoin the believers to emulate Muhammad and obey his judgments, providing scriptural authority for following the Quran alone, since the example Muhammad left was to follow the Quran alone (as seen in 46:9, 7:203, 10:15). Quranists believe since Muhammad delivered and spoke the Quran, his judgement in his capacity as a Messenger is the same as that of God. Quranists believe the Quran was written down in scriptural form during the time of Muhammad.
History
The Quranist ideology dates back to the time of Muhammad.[8]:9 Since the Hadiths were not compiled until a century after the death of Muhammad, the Quranists believe the Quran alone ideology influenced the early Ummayad caliphate. According to Quranists, the caliphs of Islam who succeeded the Prophet Muhammad were Quranists, such as Abu Bakr, Umar ibn al-Khattab, Uthman ibn Affan, Ali ibn Abi-Talib, and Muawiyah etc. This would last until Umar II, who ordered the first official collection of Hadith: Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad ibn Hazm and Ibn Shihab al-Zuhri, are among those who wrote Hadiths at Umar II's behest.[9]
During the Abassid dynasty, the poet, theologian, and jurist, Ibrahim an-Nazzam founded a madhhab called the Nazzamiyya that rejected the authority of Hadiths and relied on the Quran alone.[10] His famous student, al-Jahiz, was also critical of those who followed Hadith, referring to his Hadithist opponents as al-nabita ("the contemptible").[11] A contemporary of an-Nazzam, al-Shafi'i, tried to refute the arguments of the Quranists and establish the authority of Hadiths in his book kitab jima'al-'ilm.[8]:19 And Ibn Qutaybah tried to refute an-Nazzam's arguments against Hadith in his book Ta'wil Mukhtalif al-Hadith.[12]
Despite the fall of the early Ummayad caliphate, according to historian Daniel W. Brown questioning the authenticity of the Hadith continued during the Abbasid dynasty and existed during the time of Al-Shafii when a group known as "Ahlul-Kalam", who argued that the prophetic example of Muhammad "is found in following the Quran alone", rather than Hadith.[13][14] Daniel W. Brown describes Ahl al-Kalam as one three main groups in the time around the second century of Islam (Ahl ar-Ra'y and Ahl al-Hadith being the other two) clashing in polemical disputes over sources of authority in Islamic law. Ahl al-Kalam agreed with Ahl al-Hadith that the example of Muhammad, the prophet of Islam, was authoritative, and it rejected the authority of Hadith on the grounds that its corpus contradicted the message of Muhammad in the Quran and was "filled with contradictory, blasphemous, and absurd" reports, and that in jurisprudence, even the smallest doubt about a source was too much. Thus, they believed, the legacy of the prophet Muhammad was to be found in the Quran alone. Later, a similar group, the Mu'tazilites, also viewed the transmission of the Hadith as not sufficiently reliable. The Hadith, according to them, was mere guesswork, conjecture, and bidah (innovation), while the Quran was complete and perfect, and did not require the Hadith or any other book to supplement or complement it.[15]
In South Asia during the 19th century, the Ahle Quran movement formed partially in reaction to the Ahle Hadith whom they considered to be placing too much emphasis on Hadith.[16] Many Ahle Quran adherents from South Asia were formerly adherents of Ahle Hadith but found themselves incapable of accepting certain hadiths.[16] In Egypt during the early 20th century, the ideas of Quranists like Muhammad Tawfiq Sidqi grew out of Salafism i.e. a rejection of taqlid.[16] Muhammad Tawfiq Sidqi of Egypt "held that nothing of the Hadith was recorded until after enough time had elapsed to allow the infiltration of numerous absurd or corrupt traditions." [17] Muhammad Tawfiq Sidqi wrote an article titled 'al-Islam huwa ul-Qur'an Wahdahu' ('Islam is the Qur'an Alone) that appeared in the Egyptian journal al-Manar, which argues that the Quran is sufficient as guidance: "what is obligatory for man does not go beyond God's Book. If anything other than the Qur'an had been necessary for religion," Sidqi notes, "the Prophet would have commanded its registration in writing, and God would have guaranteed its preservation."[18]
In Nigeria, the Yan Tatsine were followers of the Cameroonian-born Quranist jihadist Maitatsine, that first appeared around the early 1970s.[19] As Maitatsine's support increased in the 1970s, so did the number of confrontations between Yan Tatsine and the police and Sunnis and Shias. By December 1980, continued Yan Tatsine attacks on other religious figures and police forced the Nigerian army to become involved. Subsequent armed clashes led to the deaths of around 5,000 people. About 60,000 people were displaced and left homeless. Major Yan Tatsine riots continued into the late 1980s. Due to their excessive violence, the Yan Tatsine have been considered the "grandmother of Boko Haram." [20]
Influence of other religions
The earliest Western scholar to note a relation between the ahadith and Jewish influences was the French Orientalist Barthélemy d'Herbelot (d. 1695), who "claimed that most of the six books (the most important Hadith books) and many parts of the hadith literature were appropriated from the Jewish Talmud", and later many others, like Aloys Sprenger (d. 1893), Ignaz Goldziher (d. 1921), etc. continued in such direction.
A more elaborated study was "Al‐Bukhārī and the Aggadah" by W.R. Taylor, who "appropriated some of these hadiths from al‐Sahih of al‐Bukhārī and some haggadic texts from the Talmud and Midrash. Taylor compared these hadiths with the texts, and concluded that these hadiths were appropriated from the Talmud and the Midrash. Afterwards, he also said that there were many narratives in the hadith literature in general, especially in al‐Bukhārī, that were taken from haggadic literature. He then studied the ways of and how these narrations were transmitted to hadith literature. According to Taylor's opinion, a large amount of the oral information, narrations, stories, and folkloric information entered in Islamic literature in general, and hadith literature, in particular, during the transcription of the Talmud and the Mishnah and after the formation of hadiths via the Jews living in the Arabian Peninsula, as well as the church fathers and Nasara community." [21]
Organizations
Ahle Quran
Ahle Quran is an organisation formed by Abdullah Chakralawi, who described the Quran as "ahsan Hadith", meaning most perfect hadith and consequently claimed it does not need any addition.[22] His movement relies entirely on the chapters and verses of the Quran. Chakralawi's position was that the Quran itself was the most perfect source of tradition and could be exclusively followed. According to Chakralawi, Muhammad could receive only one form of revelation (wahy), and that was the Quran. He argues that the Quran was the only record of divine wisdom, the only source of Muhammad's teachings, and that it superseded the entire corpus of hadith, which came later.[22]
Dar al-Imam al-Nawawi
Dar al-Imam al-Nawawi is a Quran alone movement based in Amman, Jordan founded by sheikh Seyyed Hasan Al-Saqqaf.[23] The movement is notable for a number of characteristics; staunch opposition to the Hadiths, the tradition of Ibn Taymiyya, and the salafi Muhammad Nasiruddin al-Albani (who was also based in Jordan).[24]
Kala Kato
Kala Kato ("A mere man said it"), is an Islamist Quranist group which has been based in northern Nigeria and Niger for decades.[25][26] The term translates as "a mere man said it" in the Hausa language (referring to the non-divine nature of Muhammad).[27]
Considering everyone not following their Quran alone beliefs heretical and infidels, Kala Kato's ideology has led to sectarian tensions and violence against Nigerian security forces, Sunnis and Shias.[28] The group has also been known for its killings of Sunni salafist Boko Haram members.[29][25]
Malaysian Quranic Society
The Malaysian Quranic Society was founded by Kassim Ahmad. The movement holds several positions distinguishing it from Sunnis and Shias such as a rejection of the status of hair as being part of the awrah; therefore exhibiting a relaxation on the observance of the hijab, which according to Quranists is not in the Quran.[30][not in citation given]
Quran Sunnat Society
The Quran Sunnat Society is a Quranist movement in India. The movement was behind the first ever woman to lead a Friday congregation prayer in the country of India. It also maintains an office and headquarters within Kerala.[31] There is a large community of Quranists in Kerala.[32]
Submitters
In the United States it was associated with Rashad Khalifa, founder of the United Submitters International. The group popularized the phrase: The Quran, the whole Quran, and nothing but the Quran.[7] After Khalifa declared himself the Messenger of the Covenant, he was rejected by other Muslim scholars as an apostate of Islam. Later, he was assassinated in 1990 by a terrorist group. Those interested in his work believe that there is a mathematical structure in the Quran, based on the number 19. A group of Submitters in Nigeria was popularised by high court judge Isa Othman.[33]
Zumratul Jamiu Mumin
Zumratul Jamiu Mumin is a Quranist movement in the Ogun state. The movement regards the Hadiths as idolatry and un-Islamic.[34] The group believes in refuting Hadithist dogma, conveying the message of the Quran alone to non-Muslims and inviting them to it, to make efforts to integrate new converts into the Muslim community, and to recruit manpower and provide training for da'wah workers.[35]
Notable Quranists
See also
References
Further reading
HOUSTON – Owen Coyle has been open about the fact that the Houston Dynamo would not shy away from adding to their attack, and now he's got the record to prove it.
When presented this week with the the chance to add experience and some creativity in that area, at the price of a promising prospect, the Coyle and the Dynamo did not hesitate. The club on Monday traded for Brazilian jack-of-all-trades Alex, sending third-year forward Jason Johnson to the Chicago Fire in a deal that the Dynamo feel exchanged potential for production in the current moment.
“J.J. as you know is quite youthful; Alex is an experienced player with European experience, so he certainly understands the game and everything involved with it,” Coyle told the media Tuesday. “I think loads of Jason Johnson. He's a really nice kid, just a good lad, and he just needs to get his career kick-started and his opportunities here were limited. I just felt when the opportunity came it was important to give him an opportunity to turn his career. Alex is the exact same thing.”
Johnson represents potential in every way. A vat of athleticism that has yet to find his footing on the professional level, the forward and club have waited the past two-plus years for the light to come on. The Generation adidas product found sparse time on the pitch and was not a factor in the current rotation.
Instead of waiting on the investment to mature, Houston acquired a piece that, while he may not rock the fan base, has proven he can contribute to an MLS team.
“He's a talented player, a technical player … he'll have a new lease on life, a freshness, and probably somewhat of what J.J. will feel in Chicago,” Coyle said about his newest acquisition. “There's no doubt he can contribute to our squad.”
The Brazilian can offer Houston immediate help in a few areas. As they push to integrate a playoff run into their re-imaging, bringing in a skilled veteran who's scored in the playoffs – against none other than the Dynamo in 2012 – was a move they couldn't pass up.
The latest Dynamo headlines from HoustonDynamo.com
Though often used as a central midfielder in Chicago, Alex is a versatile player who has lined up anywhere from forward to left back in 76 appearances. Coyle said he sees him fitting in on the wing or in the center of the pitch if needed, but he's hesitated to pencil him into one spot.
“What he knows is he comes into a good squad, players, and he's going to have to come the same as every one of them, and he's going to have to earn the right to play in the team,” Coyle added. “I had a chat with him yesterday, and he's excited about it, and that's the type of players we want at the club. Any player that can pop up in a couple of different areas is going to be important to us. It's an exciting chance for him and us as we bolster our squad.”
Darrell Lovell covers the Houston Dynamo for MLSsoccer.com.
SASEBO, Japan, July 20 (UPI) -- The staff at a Japanese hotel manned entirely by robots includes a realistic-looking woman and a bow tie-clad velociraptor.
The Henn na Hotel -- which translates to "Weird Hotel" -- features the humanoid robot and English-speaking dinosaur as receptionists and also features a tulip-shaped concierge robot, named Tuly, in charge of controlling lights in the rooms, as well as giving information on the time and weather.
An automated porter robot carries luggage to guests' rooms, which use photos to create facial recognition room keys.
The hotel, located at the Huis Ten Bosch theme park in Sasebo, Nagasaki Prefecture, offers rooms for between $60 and $153.
"In the future, we're hoping to build 1,000 similar hotels around the world," Huis Ten Bosch President Hideo Sawada told Nikkei News.
The hotel is not the first business in Japan to employ robots -- the Mitsukoshi Nihombashi department store in Tokyo featured a robot receptionist earlier this year containing 43 motors to allow her to gesture, blink, move her lips, create facial expressions and make other movements while giving preprogrammed answers to customers' questions.
LONDON (MarketWatch) — Anyone who spends their time analyzing the euro debt crisis will know that there is one question you get asked again and again. When will the single currency finally collapse?
You can have fun giving a spuriously precise answer — July 28th, 2014, is my favorite (look it up on Wikipedia if you are wondering why).
But the truth is no one really knows. The euro EURUSD, -0.0790% could stagger on from crisis summit to emergency bailout for another decade. Then again, it could be gone by the end of the month — if Greece is refused its third bailout, the country may be kicked out, and the entire currency could unravel over the course of a few chaotic days.
In reality, whether it is a few months or a decade away does not make as much difference as you might suppose.
Behold the euro zombie.
Why not? Because in most of the ways that actually matter, the euro is already dead.
It no longer meets most of the criteria of a working form of money. There is an important point in that for investors. It is right now — while the currency no longer lives but still staggers on like a zombie — that the euro is wreaking most havoc on the countries of Europe. Once it is finally taken apart, markets in those nations can start to recover — potentially very rapidly.
Of course the euro still looks like a currency. There are notes and coins, and you can still go into a shop in Hamburg, or a café in Naples, and get stuff in return, even if there might be a certain amount of grumbling. There is a central bank, although it doesn't appear to have much idea what its job is. And there are payment systems and foreign exchange markets that work as if the euro were a viable part of the global capital markets.
And yet if you think about it a little harder, the euro is not a currency in every sense of the word. A currency is only partly about notes and coins. It is also about being a universally accepted medium of exchange, a store of value over time, and a way of facilitating trade over long distances. That was why money evolved. And the euro doesn't really meet those criteria any more.
Take interest rates, for example. In Germany, the yields on 10-year government bonds are less than 2%. In Spain they are close to 7%, and in Italy just under 6%. And in Greece? Don't ask. Government bond yields matter — not just in themselves but because they set the benchmark for borrowing costs right across the economy.
Some countries can't use the euro for imports because of fears that drachmas or lire may suddenly replace euros.
There are already reports that oil traders don't want to supply clients in Greece. Why not? Because in six months time when payment falls due they may not get paid in the currency the deal was struck in, but one worth much less. Much the same may soon be true of Spain as well.
And who can blame them? Oil is commodity that you can sell pretty easily right around the world. Why sell it to a country where there is a risk of not getting paid when there are so many alternative customers.
Meanwhile, money flees to safe havens.
London real estate agents report that the phones are ringing non-stop with wealthy euro-zone property buyers looking for somewhere to park their cash — and houses in the British capital look a safe bet. Swiss bankers are flush with cash exiting Italy and Germany. Everybody with any significant wealth wants at least part of it outside the euro zone because they are worried the currency might one day implode.
None of those are the kind of things that happen in functioning currency zones.
Take a comparison with the U.S. dollar, which really is a single currency for much of a whole continent.
Imagine, for example, that a company in Alabama had to pay three times as much to borrow as one in Maine, even though it was in the same business and had the same credit record but just happened to be unfortunate enough to be in the wrong part of the country. Or that a company in Boston couldn't import automobiles in dollars because the supplier in Detroit wouldn't accept their cash? Or that people in Texas were buying houses in California to protect themselves from the potential breakup of the currency union?
Very soon, the economy of the United States would cease to function. And we would start to wonder whether the dollar was still a currency in any meaningful sense.
But that is precisely the situation in the euro zone. The euro still has the notes and coins. But in almost every other sense, it is no longer really a currency.
This is more than just a semantic point. It is also important for investors to grasp.
When a currency stops working the damage done to the economy is immediate. Trade stops flowing. Investment gets postponed. Capital flees. Very quickly, unemployment starts to rise, and output declines.
That is precisely what is happening in the euro zone right now.
This part of the crisis — when the monetary system ceases to function in any meaningful way — may well be the worst point. But once countries such as Italy and Spain get their currencies back, there will be a very rapid improvement. Having any kind of functioning currency, even if it is one that has hugely depreciated in value, and doesn't have much respect in the currency markets, is a lot better than having no currency at all.
The bounce-back in the economies of the countries that have suffered most from the euro will be very rapid. Most experts predict chaos — without understanding that chaos is what we have now. In fact, those economies will recover strongly as soon as they have a functioning currency again and so will their equity markers. The only real question is when they are cheap enough to start buying.
Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
IN THE early 1900s Mississippi's prisons allowed private female visitors—but only for African-American convicts. This was in the racist belief that it would calm their supposedly fiery passions. Thinking about conjugal visits has moved on a bit: much of the world offers them. Some researchers, prisons and inmates say they help rehabilitation. But in America and Britain policymakers look on them with distaste.
In September Qatar's Central Prison unveiled villas for spouses and children to visit married inmates. Turkish prisons introduced them for the first time earlier this year. Authorities in Costa Rica, Israel and Mexico have in recent years allowed them for homosexual inmates. Even Saudi Arabia and Iran have long allowed them for married prisoners. And many Latin American countries allow private visits for unmarried inmates too.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But only five American states allow them, and in Britain they are banned. State officials in Ohio feared that they would lead to more disease and pregnancies (which touches on another delicate issue: condoms in prisons). Dr Chris Hensley, a criminologist who has advised American prisons, says even the phrase “conjugal visit” has a “deviant connotation”. Officials laugh when he mentions it. Cindy Struckman-Johnson, of America's National Prison Rape Elimination Commission, says it shunned the issue in its researches for fear of stirring up controversy. Paul Nuttall, a British member of the European Parliament, decried a study of the issue as wasteful, complaining that prisons were already like “holiday camps” when they should be a punishment.
Yet evidence does suggest that conjugal visits not only reduce prison violence but also reduce recidivism by preserving family ties. In Canada inmates are allowed every two months to spend up to 72 hours in a flat with their spouses, partners, children, parents or in-laws. “We get to cook together, play cards and bingo, and be a family...The children get to know their father,” remarks a female relative of an offender in Ontario. The visits, says an inmate, “let us know that someone still cares about us”.
Canada's Correctional Service has advised the Trinidadian government on creating a similar programme. Perhaps America and Britain, the leading incarcerators in the world and western Europe respectively, will one day be open to similar counsel.
by Chris Ching Last updated Sept 19 2018
In this guide, I'll reveal 3 steps you can take today to start making apps.
Hello! I'm Chris Ching and I just want to let you know that you're in good hands. I specialize in teaching beginners and non-programmers how to build iOS apps. Tons of people have learned with me, given me great feedback and built apps!
How to get started
I often get emails asking, “How do I get started with building apps?”.
At first, it seems like a silly question to me because I see so many resources available for making apps.
But then I realize it's not that simple:
As a beginner, you might not even know what you're looking for.
Do I need a mac?
What's Swift and Objective-C?
What's this Xcode thing?
What sort of equipment do I need?
And to top it all off, there're a lot of outdated resources out there. The worst part is that you might not even be able to tell that it's no longer relevant if you're just starting out.
Talk about frustration and huge amounts of wasted time!
Your first 3 steps for building apps
This guide on how to make an app is going to change all that.
You'll learn:
1. Orientation: All of the tools that are available. Which ones are important and which ones are not.
2. Mindset: The critical mindset to prime yourself for learning app development.
3. Core Skills: The essential skills for building a solid iOS foundation if you want to make app after app…
Let me promise you this:
You're going to have completed your first app within the next 20 hours.
1. Orientation
It's time to catch you up to speed and give you the lay of the land. Let's do this in a quick question/answer format!
What do I need to learn in order to build my app?
I recommend to focus on the core/basic skills first which you'll find from the lessons below. After that, you'll have to identify which traits your app has in order to know what to learn next.
For example, if your app needs to have users register and login then you'll need to have a database to store that data. I'm writing an article that can help you with identifying those traits once you've completed the basic training. Make sure you're on my newsletter to be notified when it's published!
How long will it take for me to build my app?
This is a really hard question to answer because some apps are easy, some are complex and everyone learns at different speeds. Also some people have really busy schedules so they can't dedicate much time to learning.
In terms of number of hours, I would say at least 20 to get some of the fundamentals down.
I would also recommend that you try to find a little bit of time each day to learn rather than saving it all for a Sunday evening because if you wait 7 days in between lessons, you'll spend a lot of time backtracking to remember where you left off.
Should I learn Swift or Objective-C?
Swift all the way because it's what Apple has transitioned to.
It's way easier for beginners to pick up and now that it's open source, Swift is beginning to be used for other things as well such as server side development.
Lastly, it'll also make it a lot easier to find tutorials on the net for Swift because most educators have moved to teaching with Swift.
Do I need a Mac? (Can I use a PC?)
Technically yes, because the program where we write Swift code and design the app is a macOS app and Apple hasn't released a Windows equivalent.
Two solutions you can try instead of buying a Mac:
Use a Mac remotely via MacInCloud.com
If you're technical enough, use virtualization software such as VMWare Workstation and VirtualBox to run macOS on your PC.
In addition to that, there're a lot of third party solutions to create iOS apps where you wouldn't need a Mac at all.
Here are some that you can check out:
I've written a full guide here on options for Windows users: Xcode on Windows
If you are thinking about buying a Mac, you can buy used to save some money. An iMac, MacBook, Mac Mini.. any will work.
As long as it can run the latest operating system, you'll be good to go because Xcode usually requires the latest.
A safe bet for current compatibility and getting mileage out of your purchase is to get something less than 2 years old.
What sort of equipment do I need?
Aside from a Mac (or using one of the PC solutions above), not much else!
You'll need to download Xcode for free from the Mac App Store.
Swift doesn't need to be downloaded separately.
Then you just need to launch Xcode and start following along!
If you want to publish your app into the App Store, you'll need to pay for an Apple iOS Developer Membership which costs around $99/year.
You don't need to pay anything if you just want to run the app on your own device.
2. The Mindset for Success
I've guided over 3000 students through learning app development and here's one interesting observation that I've made:
I've noticed that having the right mindset when starting out is a strong predictor of whether or not the student will succeed.
So what's this mindset?
Impatience leads to frustration which leads to quitting.
As with learning anything new, there's going to be roadblocks and obstacles but this is where having the right mindset is so important.
Those obstacles are opportunities for growth and learning.
As a seasoned programmer, I can tell you that a large part of building apps will be troubleshooting and figuring out why your app doesn't work the way you intended it to.
25% coding, 75% debugging
It's not a knock against the coder; it's just that when you're writing code, it's impossible to foresee 100% of the user scenarios and edge cases and interactions with other parts of your code.
There's bound to be bugs and unexpected behavior and then you're going be spending a lot of time debugging and trying to figure out how to fix it.
Don't let that discourage you though because the feeling that you get when you finally solve the problem is a natural high like no other!
Not to mention that by overcoming your roadblock, you “level up” and learn a lot!
When you get very familiar with Swift code and Xcode, you'll find that you can hack together an app idea really quickly but the majority of time afterwards is spent refining, debugging and polishing your app.
What's “The Hump”?
Before you can hack together a prototype of any app idea in a weekend, you have to pass “The Hump”.
This is a certain point on the learning curve where too many beginners have given up.
They encounter their first adversity and experience frustration.
Things aren't going smoothly.
Rather than facing it, overcoming it and learning from it, they decide that app development isn't for them.
It's a graveyard of lost hopes and dreams 🙁
If you can beat “The Hump”, you'll be flying and learning faster than you thought you ever could.
This is where having the right mindset makes all the difference!
3. Core Skills
It's time to put the pedal to the metal.
The 11 lesson mini-course below will teach you the core skills you need to build any sort of app.
It's designed with beginners in mind and you don't need any coding experience (if you already have a programming background then you'll fly through it!)
This is where you want to start.
The basics
You're going to get an orientation of the development environment, a tiny taste of Swift code and you'll also make your very first app!
1. Introduction to Xcode
In this video, I'll tell you what you need to learn and give you a tour of Xcode.
3. How To Use Stack Views
Learn how to use Stack View elements to build layouts much more easily.
4. Assembling the War User Interface
Put your skills to the test by building the UI for our War Card Game.
6. Learn Swift Basics (Part 2)
Build upon the skills from the previous lesson and learn more about Swift programming.
7. Learn Swift Basics (Part 3)
Finally, we put it all together and I'll tell you how Swift code plays a part in your app.
8. Connecting Elements With Swift Code
You'll learn how to connect the elements in your layout to the Swift code that you write.
9. Handling User Interaction
Learn how to capture and handle taps from the user.
10. Writing The Logic
Learn how to write code that THINKS!
11. What To Learn Next
Now that you've finished this app, I'll tell you my advice for what to do next!
Performance
The LG G Flex2 is the first smartphone we meet that utilizes the latest available Snapdragon 810 chipset. Its processor comprises of four Cortex-A57 cores clocked at 2.0GHz and another four Cortex-A53 cores running at 1.5GHz. All eight cores have 64-bit support and the new ART runtime compiler within Android Lollipop is able to fully utilize their potential.
The Snapdragon 810 chip also introduces a new Adreno 430 GPU, which should provide better performance compared to the Adreno 420 accelerator in the Galaxy Note 4's Snapdragon 805. Combined with the 1080p display, it should provide blazing-fast experience compared to any QHD-screen touting flagship.
Finally, LG G Flex2 comes with 2GB RAM for the 16GB model and 3GB RAM within the 32GB flavor. LG has been doing this separation since the LG G3 and while we don't approve it, there is nothing we can do. Our review unit is the 16GB variety.
Even before we got our LG G Flex2, the news broke that the Snapdragon 810 chip was having issues with overheating and Qualcomm is working on a newer version of the chip. This may have even led Samsung to drop Qualcomm as chip supplier for the upcoming Galaxy S6.
Unfortunately, the LG G Flex2 being the first adopter of the S810 hardware, would be a prime example of the new chipset pros and cons.
Our impression is that the LG G Flex2 got really warm while running a game, or even a benchmark app, for that matter. We also noticed, that when running benchmarks, its performance dropped after the first run, suggesting there is some sort of CPU performance throttling taking place when the temperature rises. The performance penalty amounted to about 20% and it restored back to normal only after the phone had the chance to cool off.
We contacted LG on the matter and here's their official statement:
"The devices sampled are representative of final industrial design and user experience but are continuing to undergo additional optimizations to enhance benchmark performance. We expect our upcoming software releases to provide further improvements in this area. We remain confident that the G Flex2 will deliver great experiences to our customers with a tremendous blend of multimedia, performance and industry-leading design."
In their response, LG further specified this update should be released in time for the worldwide launch of the phone, so the users won't have to worry about waiting for it. What this means is that they expect to release a software update to change the automatic CPU throttling trigger levels - at least in benchmark scenarios, hopefully making the benchmark results from different runs more consistent.
Having all that in mind we proceed with our benchmarks. To speed up the cooling-off period we resorted to placing the G Flex2 inside our office in-between the individual runs. All benchmark results listed below were obtained after such cool off period in order to assess the maximum performance of the new chipset and avoid reaching the overeager automatic CPU throttling trigger levels.
So, the first test we use is GeekBench 3, which estimates the multi-core performance of the octa-core processor. Apparently, the LG G Flex2 aced our chart, doing a hair better than Meizu MX4's MediaTek MT6595 chip. Back at the G Flex2 unveiling event we also had the chance to do a GeekBench 3 run back then it did even better at about 3,950.
GeekBench 3
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
3604
Meizu MX4
3556
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
3394
Meizu MX4 Pro
3386
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
3287
Samsung Galaxy S5
3120
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
2923
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
2884
Sony Xperia Z3
2860
Oppo N3
2704
LG G3
2370
LG G Flex
2254
Next, we put the LG G Flex2 through the compound AnTuTu test, which gauges not only processor, but graphics and memory performance as well. The new Flex2 did excellent, but not enough to beat the Meizu MX4 Pro and the Lollipop-running Galaxy Note 4. Both of these competitors feature higher resolution displays and slightly lesser chipsets, so this is our first clue LG has to work more to improve the performance.
AnTuTu 5
Higher is better
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
49273
Meizu MX4 Pro
48489
LG G Flex2
47680
Meizu MX4
46922
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
45530
Samsung Galaxy S5
45348
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
44258
LG G3
42038
Sony Xperia Z3
40393
Oppo N3
39245
The new BaseMark OS II 2.0 is another compound test, which in addition to CPU, GPU and RAM, calculates web performance and storage speeds. The LG G Flex2 topped our chart doing much better than all other smartphones we've tested so far.
Basemark OS 2.0
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
1726
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
1267
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
1255
Oppo N3
1241
LG G3
1189
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
1186
Samsung Galaxy S5
1160
Meizu MX4 Pro
863
Meizu MX4
666
Unfortunately, the single and multi-core performance of the new processor isn't the one contributing for the great overall score. The CPU is performing less than expected, probably because LG has trimmed down its performance for a while. The scores are still great, but not as great as all of us expected them to be.
Basemark OS 2.0 (single-core)
Higher is better
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
6165
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
5674
LG G Flex2
5597
Samsung Galaxy S5
5557
LG G3
5396
Oppo N3
5341
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
5235
Meizu MX4 Pro
3118
Meizu MX4
2219
Basemark OS 2.0 (multi-core)
Higher is better
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
21140
Samsung Galaxy S5
19237
LG G Flex2
18856
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
18386
Oppo N3
16774
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
16543
LG G3
16485
Meizu MX4
12671
Meizu MX4 Pro
12080
LG G Flex2 is the first smartphone to feature the new Adreno 430 GPU. It also comes with a 1080p display instead of a QHD one, which should give it a computing advantage over devices like the LG G3 and Samsung Galaxy Note 4. We ran both offscreen and onscreen tests of the GFX Benchmark, here is how the LG G Flex2 did.
Quite expectedly, the Adreno 430 turned out the best GPU we've tested so far and aced both offscreen tests. It is 20% more powerful than the Adreno 420 in the Snapdragon 805 chip and the PowerVR G6450 in the iPhone 6 Plus.
GFX 2.7 T. rex (1080p offscreen)
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
49
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
44.6
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
42.4
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
40
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
28
Sony Xperia Z3
27.7
Samsung Galaxy S5
27
LG G3
26
Meizu MX4 Pro
26
Meizu MX4
22.7
LG G Flex
22
GFX 3.0 Manhattan (1080p offscreen)
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
22
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
18.6
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
18.3
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
18
Meizu MX4 Pro
13
Samsung Galaxy S5
12
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
12
Sony Xperia Z3
12
LG G3
11
Meizu MX4
7.9
You bet the onscreen results turned as impressive as we'd expected them to be. The Adreno 430 is an impressive leader, but part of this lead is due to the fact that competing devices utilize higher QHD resolutions.
GFX 2.7 T. rex (onscreen)
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
48
LG G Flex
33
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
30
Sony Xperia Z3
29.3
Samsung Galaxy S5
28
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
26.5
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
26
Meizu MX4
21.3
LG G3
20
Meizu MX4 Pro
17
GFX 3.0 Manhattan (onscreen)
Higher is better
LG G Flex2
22
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
13
Sony Xperia Z3
12.7
Samsung Galaxy S5
12
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
11
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
9.9
Meizu MX4 Pro
7.8
LG G3
7.7
Meizu MX4
7.4
Oddly, the BaseMark X GPU benchmark put the G Flex2 on the second place, a whisker lesser than the Lollipop-running Galaxy Note 4.
Basemark X
Higher is better
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
20043
LG G Flex2
19369
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
18297
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
17108
Sony Xperia Z3
12637
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
12257
Samsung Galaxy S5
11798
LG G3
10580
Oppo N3
10168
Meizu MX4 Pro
9111
Meizu MX4
8324
Next, we've put the LG G Flex2's default web browser through the Kraken JavaScript test and it beat all devices we've tested so far.
Kraken 1.1
Lower is better
LG G Flex2
4621
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
4650
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
5109
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
5181
Samsung Galaxy S5
5968
Sony Xperia Z3
6355
Oppo N3
6460
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
7023
LG G3
7632
Meizu MX4
9408
Meizu MX4 Pro
10193
The LG G Flex2 browser might be great on JavaScript, but its overall experience turned out only the second-best, outdone by the iPhone 6 Plus and the Lollipop-running Galaxy Note 4.
BrowserMark 2.1
Higher is better
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
3389
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lollipop
2232
LG G Flex2
2086
Samsung Galaxy S5
2066
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
2056
Sony Xperia Z3
1533
HTC One (M8) Lollipop
1460
LG G3
1453
Oppo N3
730
Meizu MX4
720
Is the Snapdragon 810 chip better than the previous generation? It definitely is, especially its Adreno 430 GPU. Sure, the S810 chip has issues but we expect those to be overcome very soon. Even with throttled down performance, it still does an amazing job and we can't wait to see the S810 in its full glory. The LG G Flex2 is a true flagship, with blazing-fast performance. Under stress, we often found it to heat up in top left corner, but we've never seen it overheat.
Two small towns in the Hauraki district have been told to boil water after the water supply was compromised during bad weather this week.
Photo: 123rf
A Hauraki District Council spokesperson said it was "playing it safe", with about 200 households affected in Mackaytown and Kaimanawa.
Council chief executive Langley Cavers said Mackaytown's water contained high levels of sediment, which could reduce the effectiveness of chlorine in killing bacteria.
E coli has been detected in Kaimanawa, where the water comes from a creek.
"Boil the water for drinking, for brushing your teeth and if you're using water preparing food you should use boiled water for that," Mr Cavers said.
"Once the turbidity levels come down - this rain disappears - we'll be in a poisition to re-evaluate and hopefully lift that boil water notice."
Mr Cavers said Mackaytown should be connected to a safer water supply by the end of the year.
Mackaytown is expected to be connected to the recently upgraded Paeroa water supply in the next six months.
The council has more sophisticated water treatment plants in Paeroa, Waihi, Hauraki Plains and Waitakaruru, with several contaminant-preventing barriers, but its rural networks relied on a single-barrier chorination treatment, the council said in a statement.
A chlorine dosing fault had been discovered and repaired in the Kaimanawa supply, and the network was being flushed until all parts had enough chlorine, the council said.
The White House has been unusually quiet since it became public knowledge that former FBI Director James Comey has a paper trail of his conversations with President Trump.
In the last 24 hours, the president has not used his Twitter account to comment on news of a memo accusing him of trying to quash Comey's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and White House surrogates did not rush to television to defend him.
The only defense so far has been an unsigned statement saying Comey's allegations are false, which White House press secretary Sean Spicer reiterated off-camera on Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Spicer said Trump is eager to the “get to the bottom” of the controversy surrounding his February conversation with Comey, which has shaken the White House to its foundation.
“The president is confident in the events he's maintained and that he wants the truth and these investigations to get to the bottom of this situation,” Spicer told reporters traveling aboard Air Force One.
Trump has not commented directly on his talks with Comey, but he did deliver a fiery denunciation of the media that was widely seen as referencing its coverage of the firestorm.
“Look at the way I've been treated lately, especially by the media,” he said during a commencement address at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. “No politician in history — and I say this with great surety — has been treated worse or more unfairly.”
During his brief, seven-minute session with reporters, Spicer refused to answer direct questions about whether the president wants to see Comey testify before Congress or whether he would waive executive privilege to allow both men to freely recount their version of the events.
Spicer also dodged questions about comparisons being made to the Watergate scandal that took down President Richard Nixon and why officials have been so quiet about the allegations.
The spokesman said on at least seven different occasions the White House has been “very clear” about its version of the events.
The White House appears to have muzzled its top surrogates at a critical juncture, an unusual posture for a president who has made a point to vociferously defend himself against his critics.
The low-key approach prompted Fox News anchor Bret Baier to muse about how difficult it was to find any Republican to go on the airwaves and defend the administration. “CBS This Morning” host Charlie Rose said he could find no White House officials to go on his show Wednesday morning.
One former campaign and transition official told The Hill that was a deliberate strategy, saying the White House had chosen not to make media appearances that might give more oxygen to the controversy with a misstatement or remark that might result in legal trouble.
“You don't want to put someone out there if there is a risk they'll extend the news cycle,” the source said. “You expose yourself to a lot of unknowns and give the media more to cover when, in the end, they're going to knife you anyway.”
The White House found itself in that exact situation after Trump's surprise firing of Comey last week and after reports emerged that he revealed highly classified info during an Oval Office meeting with Russian diplomats.
Each time, White House staff offered carefully crafted, official explanations of the events only to have Trump undercut them hours later in television interviews and Twitter posts.
The stakes are even higher now for the White House to get its story straight.
Republicans on Capitol Hill have expressed exasperation with the growing number of controversies circling the White House, and two congressional committees have demanded to hear directly from Comey about his account of the meeting.
Reps. Justin Amash Justin AmashHouse to push back at Trump on border Ex-GOP lawmakers urge Republicans to block Trump's emergency declaration This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (Mich.) and Carlos Curbelo (Fla.) became the first GOP lawmakers to publicly muse that Trump may have committed an impeachable offense if he sought to pressure Comey to abandon an investigation into Flynn.
With the walls seemingly beginning to close around his presidency, Trump turned to the best person he believes capable of defending him: himself.
In his defiant speech to Coast Guard cadets, he painted himself as a victim of unfair media coverage and criticisms while expressing confidence he could overcome it.
“You will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve and that are not always warranted,” he said. “But you have to put your head down and fight, fight, fight. Never, ever, ever give up. Things will work out just fine.”
In a fundraising appeal with the headline “Sabotage,” the Trump campaign sought to raise money off the notion that career bureaucrats and the media were colluding to undermine the White House.
“You already knew the media was out to get us,” the email said. “But sadly it's not just the fake news. … There are people within our own unelected bureaucracy that want to sabotage President Trump and our entire America First movement."
Outside the White House, Trump loyalists ran with that message, raising the alarm over what they view as a coordinated effort between rogue “deep state” actors and the media to sink the administration through leaks.
“There has been deliberate effort since Trump won to bring him down,” said one former senior Justice Department official. “The systematic leaks are incredible and mendacious. It's essentially an attempted coup.”
The president has long been at odds with the intelligence community but now has a powerful new enemy at the FBI.
There are worries in Trump World that such an enemy could produce a steady stream of leaks that keep the White House in crisis mode for the foreseeable future.
“Clearly they feel besieged and they have a right to, the enemy is in the building,” said Barry Bennett, a former transition adviser and contributor to The Hill. “Until the deep state fears they'll get caught, they'll continue with the leaks. They are armed with motive and when the media runs with anything, irrespective of the facts, that's a powerful combination.”
Marketers, as well as anyone who's been to a Toys R Us in the last 10 years, are well aware that a common way to goose sales is to split a market by gender. If body wash is a product traditionally purchased by women, design a body wash exclusively for men. Persuade both genders that they're better off with their own gender-specific stuff, and you could wind up with double the sales—households with two types of bath soap, two types of diet soda, two sets of nearly identical kids' building blocks, with one set in pink.
Part of the reason this approach works so well is that men, apparently, don't want to buy stuff strongly associated with women. This resistance has led to ads like one launched recently for Dr Pepper Ten, a diet soda that attempts to address the fact that male consumers think “diet's kinda girly,” as one of Dr Pepper's execs put it to me. The new ad showcases a mountain man who chews bark and canoes with a bear; the tagline is “the manliest low-calorie soda in the history of mankind.”
A few years ago, an ad for Verizon's Motorola Droid painted the iPhone as “a tiara-wearing, digitally clueless beauty pageant queen,” a “precious porcelain figurine of a phone,” and “a princess.” The Droid, meanwhile, was a “racehorse duct-taped to a Scud missile,” fast enough to “rip through the Web like a circular saw through a ripe banana”—at which point in the ad a banana explodes in a kind of orgy of male satisfaction. Got it. And earlier this year, when Google's Sergey Brin gave a Ted talk boasting about the eyeglass/smartphone hybrid Glass, he criticized traditional smartphones for being “emasculating,” which was apparently code for physically limiting, socially isolating, and just plain lame. Could this be the germ of a future ad campaign? When even soda and smartphones have a gender, apparently anything can.
Some time ago, professor Jill Avery at the Simmons School of Management in Boston set out to explore this gender-based squeamishness, which seems like a holdover from the ew-cooties! phase of preschool. Within the business world, this squeamishness had long been the problem that has no name; marketing executives and consultants I spoke with were well aware of the issue but didn't have the vocabulary to talk about it. Avery had to borrow from anthropology to find the term “gender contamination,” which traces back to the kind of ancient cultural taboos that banished menstruating women to special huts for fear they'd pollute everyone else.
Gender contamination captures the cultural disapproval that takes place when objects seen as having a strong gender identity are used by the wrong gender. Unilever's vice president of skin care, Rob Candelino, told me that before Dove launched a cleansing bar specifically for men in 2010, the company's research showed that men made up as much as a third of those using the traditional Dove beauty bar. But the original product was strongly associated with women, and as a result the men were using the product in a passive way, often letting their wives or girlfriends buy it, and “probably not telling their guy friends,” Candelino says. The beauty bar's potential for growth among men was limited so long as it stayed a beauty bar.
Something similar can happen when women flock to a product designated for males. Avery's 2012 paper, “Defending the Markers of Masculinity,” which grew out of her Harvard dissertation, explores gender contamination through the dramatic example of Porsche's launch of the Cayenne SUV about a decade ago. The Cayenne faced an unexpected backlash by male Porsche owners who felt their beloved, hypermasculine sports-car brand was being corrupted by SUV-loving women. Avery documented the response in online communities; one Porsche fan characterized the new SUV as an “expensive strap-on for soccer-moms and effeminate stock-brokers.” Another envisioned a woman “driving the damn thing to pick up her kids,” as if there was nothing worse. “I wonder how many cup holders it will have???” the commenter added, invoking a kind of shorthand for what female drivers supposedly want. “Just shoot me now!”
One of Avery's more surprising and urgent insights is that the theme of gender contamination—the idea that some products belong to men and some to women, and that women somehow ruin men's products by using them—appears to be showing up more and more, both in advertising and in consumer responses of the sort Porsche experienced. Avery believes this is linked to marketers' efforts to expand sales by “genderizing” products and also, counterintuitively enough, to the growing fluidity of gender roles in the culture at large. She points to other research suggesting that when a cultural hierarchy is threatened, it's natural for those at the top to cling all the more tightly to symbols of their old rank. In other words, as more and more women become the breadwinners in their families, as men have lost their majorities on college campuses, their advantages in many blue-collar and white-collar jobs, their role as head of household, they can't help but hang on to the traditional markers of masculinity. What do they still own if not their sports cars?
“As gender lines are blurring, we need our things to send clearer signals,” Avery says. These attempts at clarity run the gamut from Unilever's Axe (those ads imply that the most nerdy and physically repulsive young man can become sexually irresistible through Axe body sprays and washes) to Dove Men + Care, whose ads for moisturizer, shampoo, and the like hit on often moving themes of fatherhood and responsibility.
The “Manthem” ad for Dove Men + Care, which ran during the 2010 Super Bowl, shows the trials and monuments of a man's life (climbing a rope in gym class, getting married, changing a flat tire in the rain), and implies that, having been through so much, men can at last pamper their skin a bit—in a wholly masculine fashion. It's a fine line Dove is walking, tapping into a traditionally feminine instinct but expressing it in a male idiom. “You're a man, we know you're a man, it's OK,” is how Avery describes the ad's message.
But it's not just ads that demonstrate a product's intended audience—it's how the product is packaged, too. Everything from font to the color of the bottle matters. “You have to make sure you're harnessing the right male codes,” says Cheryl Swanson, managing director of the Manhattan brand strategy firm Toniq. “In order for guys to even remotely check it out, they need to have permission.”
That means “masculine” colors (black and gray work well) and a nice clean typeface (sans-serif maybe) and perhaps even some variation on the phrase “for men.” The Dr Pepper Ten packaging even features “industrial rivets,” because, as Dr Pepper's Senior Vice President of Brand Marketing Jaxie Alt explains, “What's more manly than a guy and his tool belt?”
To some extent, “gender contamination” has always been an advertising concern. Marlboro was originally a woman's cigarette. When Philip Morris rebranded it for men, they went overboard, choosing the strongest possible masculine imagery to reassure male consumers they could buy it. “The cowboy is an almost universal symbol of admired masculinity,” famed ad man Leo Burnett explained in 1955.
And back then, just as now, gender contamination flowed just one way. Burnett assured Philip Morris that there was no risk of alienating female consumers with an explicitly male message. “Women often tend to buy what they consider a man's cigarette,” he wrote. That's because then, as now, men risked denigrating themselves by shopping like women, while women were only too happy to aspire to the higher status and power associated with men, even as they are gaining their own power. This is why boys' names like Ashley that migrate over to the girls' realm can never return. And this is why two years after Dr Pepper Ten launched—with an original tagline of “It's Not For Women,” plus a Facebook page with a “manly shooting gallery” game for blowing up things like lipstick and potholders—40 percent of its drinkers are actually … women.
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) defended the House GOP's decision to weaken its independent ethics watchdog on Tuesday moments after President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE questioned the move's timing.
Ryan said he stressed to the incoming chairman of the House Ethics Committee, Rep. Susan Brooks Susan Wiant BrooksThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race House Dems release 2020 GOP 'retirements to watch' for House Dems unveil initial GOP targets in 2020 MORE (R-Ind.), that the panel shouldn't take the new rules to mean it can interfere with investigations conducted by the Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE).
“I have made clear to the new Chair of the House Ethics Committee that it is not to interfere with the Office's investigations or prevent it from doing its job. All members of Congress are required to earn the public's trust every single day, and this House will hold members accountable to the people,” Ryan said in a statement.
House GOP leaders called an emergency conference meeting shortly before noon to discuss the blowback to the proposed changes to OCE.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ryan's defense of the provision comes after he originally expressed opposition to it. The Speaker argued against House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte Robert (Bob) William GoodlatteIt's time for Congress to pass an anti-cruelty statute DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling House GOP probe into FBI, DOJ comes to an end MORE's (R-Va.) proposal during the GOP conference meeting Monday night, according to a source in the room.
House Republicans are trying to manage a public relations fallout over a majority decision Monday night to gut the OCE's powers.
Minutes before the release of Ryan's statement, Trump questioned the timing of the decision to water down OCE on the first day of the new Congress in a series of tweets.
Goodlatte authored a measure adopted by the House GOP conference as part of its rules package for the new Congress that would put the OCE under the oversight of the House Ethics Committee.
The proposal also bars OCE from acting on anonymous tips, which ethics reform advocates warn would undermine whistleblowers. Goodlatte argued that the rules changes would ensure lawmakers' due process rights.
The OCE was created in 2008 in response to a string of lawmaker ethics scandals to ensure that an outside, nonpartisan entity has the power to investigate wrongdoing by members of Congress.
The OCE has had free rein to pursue allegations against lawmakers and then make recommendations to the House Ethics Committee on whether it should pursue a formal probe. Only the House Ethics Committee has the power to issue punishments if it concludes lawmakers have violated rules.
'Higher Than Allowable Levels of Lead' Found in Water at Emerson-Bandini
A school in the San Diego Unified School District has notified parents that test results show some water on the campus has been found to have "higher than allowable levels of lead."
The lead was found in three of ten water samples taken from the Emerson campus of Emerson-Bandini Elementary School, according to the district. The school is located in Southcrest, northeast of the connector between Interstate 5 and State Route 15. A district school and a charter school are co-located on the Emerson Campus.
Three weeks ago, NBC 7's Wendy Fry reported on concerns about a strange odor in the water at the school. At the time, district officials told NBC 7 they were alerted of the odor on January 26th. As a result, the district sent samples out for analysis.
Concern Over Smelly Water at School in Southeast San Diego
A smelly odor in the drinking water at Emerson Bandini elementary school has prompted San Diego Unified Schools to provide bottled water to students. NBC 7's Wendy Fry reports on the latest development in an alarming trend. (Published Wednesday, March 1, 2017)
At the time, a district spokesperson said preliminary results indicated “some mitigation of the situation may be required.”
On Friday, Principal Heather Harris sent a letter to parents of students of the school and the charter, San Diego Cooperative 2.
In the letter, parents were told that a therapy dog refused to drink water from a sink in a charter school classroom.
The teacher saw "a sheen on the water that was similar to a sheen that can be seen when oil is on the surface of water," Harris wrote.
The district sampled water from several sources on the campus and results showed "levels of a contaminant that exceeded the state's allowable threshold," Harris wrote.
According to Samer Naji, a Facilities Communication Liaison with the school district, the contaminant in question is vinyl chloride (C2H3Cl) which is "generally related to plastic products and their degradation over time."
Naji said sample results showed a range from not detected to 2.35 micrograms per liter. The maximum contaminant level is .5 micrograms per liter.
The district's water provider, the City of San Diego, found similar results through its own testing.
"The contamination appeared to be isolated to the portable classrooms that house the charter school on the campus," Harris wrote.
Harris said workers replaced flexible lines leading from the wall to the plumbing fixture. That, along with no longer drawing water supplied through PVC pipe, seemed to fix the issue, she said.
While the school was testing for the strange appearance of the water in the charter school classroom, it was decided to also test for lead in the water.
Recently, there has been a series of instances in which parents and educators are concerned about school drinking water.
First, there was the discovery of lead in the drinking water at a San Ysidro elementary school.
Then, Warner Springs schools confirmed they are dealing with arsenic in the water there.
Soon after, the La Mesa Spring Valley schools' superintendent said water at all of its school sites was being tested.
In December 2016, the State Water Resources Control Board Division of Drinking Water required all community water providers test for lead in drinking water at K-12 schools.
SDUSD will begin testing the water in all schools for lead beginning April 4.
The work will begin in the southeast neighborhoods where some of the district's oldest schools are located.
The district will work its way north and west until they've completed the testing - which is estimated to happen around the end of the traditional school year in June.
According to the district, the finding of lead at Emerson-Bandini did not trigger the decision to test the water in all district schools. It was already in talks with the City of San Diego, the school district's water provider, to perform the testing.
Here is what parents can expect:
Five schools will be tested each day
Up to five samples will be taken at each campus.
Drinking fountains, cafeterias and food preparation areas may be included.
Testing will happen in the morning, before classes begin
City of San Diego will analyze the water samples
Results will be posted at this link.
The County Health and Human Services Agency has put together information regarding lead poisoning. You can find that here.
Moon Jae-in, former head of the main opposition Democratic Party and front-running presidential candidate, vowed to reorganize the National Intelligence Agency (NIS) by making it entirely devoted to intelligence work outside the border and referring investigative authority over domestic affairs to the national police. The reform plan cannot be taken lightly since it comes from a leading presidential-hopeful.The government has a duty to protect the nation from outside dangers and inner implosion. The borders are defended by the army, security guard and customs officers. The police must ensure security against dangers from forces within. And the NIS and other intelligence offices would have to build a third defense line by hunting down clandestine groups that were able to escape law enforcement watch.The NIS forms the keystone of the third defense line and is like the immune system in a living organ. A well-functioning immune system should identify a variety of threats such as viruses, bacteria and other foreign bodies that seep through tissues and membrane in the first defense line as well as the collection of antibiotic proteins and gastric fluid in the second front line to distinguish them from healthy cells in order to timely destroy them before they make damage.The immune system's role hinges on the ability to discern what is mine and not. We rely on the immune system because it can differentiate what is alien or not. If it does not function properly, our body would become susceptible to cancer or other hazardous diseases.The spy agency is trained to hunt and clamp down on espionage activities and forces. Intelligent officers must build sufficient experience and expertise to discern skilled spies disguised as ordinary citizens. Their know-how feeds corporate memory, whose collective intelligence determines the ability of the spy agency. The United States painstakingly during World War II learned that a capable intelligence agency cannot be born overnight no matter how much money and resources are invested. It is foolish and dangerous to make frequent changes to the organization and disturb the flow and assets of the institutional memory.The idea of spinning off the domestic intelligence work to the police is insensible on many grounds. The police are responsible for the second defense line and the NIS the third. The demerger would undermine the singleness in the work of intelligence as well unity of as the organizational memory. The additional role also could be burdensome and foreign to the police.The NIS is also responsible for preventing theft of technology intelligence of local companies. It is unreasonable to place the work that requires intelligence network at home and abroad to police whose primary role is domestic public safety. Catching foreign spies when they enter the country is not entirely simple. Activities of foreign intelligence institutions must also be watched. Intrusion of moles can rock intelligence organization. All intelligence institutions take preemptive actions because attack is the best defense.In the war of intelligence, the work of gathering and defending intelligence and domestic and overseas affairs converges. Since intelligence is digitalized, borderlines also become meaningless. Restricting espionage activities no longer is possible. It has become common for states that traditionally distinguished the realm of domestic and overseas intelligence to merge intelligence offices or have higher authority to combine and categorize the intelligence resources.The United States has also been integrating home and foreign espionage activities. It is outdated thought to separate domestic and overseas espionage activities. It is hard to discriminate the realm of domestic and foreign when even the phone conversation of the South Korean defense minister is being intercepted by North Korean hackers.The capitalist front led by the Americans and British was defeated by the Soviet and communist forces in the war of intelligence. British and American intelligence deluded by the concept of Comintern, a Moscow-based organization aimed to overthrow international bourgeoisie, volunteered to act as Soviet spies. They handed over important defense and science intelligence to the Soviets and helped to influence policies to work in favor of Soviet interests. American official Alger Hiss and the infamous Cambridge Five spy ring were some of the identified examples.After the fall of communism, willful collaborators died out. Instead, paid spies increased. Russia no longer has easy access to high-class American intelligence. There are many forces loyal to North Korean regime in South Korea. The work of NIS is tough. It is wrong to speak of crippling the NIS at a time when inter-Korean relationship is at extremely tensed level. Stress can weaken the immune system. To lightly speak of reorganizing the NIS could damage the country's immune system.Translation by the Korea JoongAng Daily staff.JoongAng Ilbo, Feb. 4, Page 27*The author is a novelist.Bok Geo-il
The recent holographic performance at Coachella Festival by a virtual Tupac got us wondering what the intellectual property implications of such technology are.
If you haven't seen the video, you should. The rendition is really, really amazing. I should mention that the Japanese have already done this (of course) with Hatsune Miku, a completely virtual pop star. She is, you guessed it, “huge in japan”. I'm not exactly sure how they did the holographic work for her, but it would not seem to present the same legal issue as the Tupac performance, given that she isn't, nor ever was, real.
For Tupac however, there are a couple of thoughts. One being the right to publicity or personality rights. Unlike most other intellectual property rights, which are all covered by at least some federal legislation, personality rights are determined on a state by state basis. Thus, since the performance was at Coachella, which takes place in California, we would want to look at their law regarding the subject, which, surprise, surprise, is probably the most comprehensive. Appropriately, it is known as the Astaire Celebrity Image Act and was recently amended in 2008. Those statutes can be found here and here, respectively.
The amendment is actually the more important of the two for this subject, because it was exclusively drafted to acknowledge the rights' descendability to decedents and heirs–an issue that had infamously been denied in Lugosi v. Universal Pictures back in 1979.
In pertinent part, the law says:
(a)(1)Any person who uses a deceased personality's name, voice, signature, photograph, or likeness, in any manner, on or in products, merchandise, or goods, or for purposes of advertising or selling, or soliciting purchases of, products, merchandise, goods, or services, without prior consent from the person or persons specified in subdivision ©, shall be liable for any damages sustained by the person or persons injured as a result thereof.
However, in the next section we are told:
(2)For purposes of this subdivision, a play, book, magazine, newspaper, musical composition, audiovisual work, radio or television program, single and original work of art, work of political or newsworthy value, or an advertisement or commercial announcement for any of these works, shall not be considered a product, article of merchandise, good, or service if it is fictional or nonfictional entertainment, or a dramatic, literary, or musical work.
Presumably, Tupac's performance falls under this latter section, thereby removing any chance of liability for using his likeness to perform the songs “Hail Mary” and “Gangsta's Paradise”.
But looking at the next section changes the stakes:
(3)If a work that is protected under paragraph (2) includes within it a use in connection with a product, article of merchandise, good, or service, this use shall not be exempt under this subdivision, notwithstanding the unprotected use's inclusion in a work otherwise exempt under this subdivision, if the claimant proves that this use is so directly connected with a product, article of merchandise, good, or service as to constitute an act of advertising, selling, or soliciting purchases of that product, article of merchandise, good, or service by the deceased personality without prior consent from the person or persons specified in subdivision ©.
Seen through the lens of this aspect of the statute, a strong argument could be made that the performance, by its very nature could potentially be somehow covered by all the protections. Isn't using the late Tupac's likeness in some way an effort to perpetuate his albums and even, one might say ‘brand' (remember 'Thug Life'? The tattoo can clearly be seen on the hologram).
Despite the fact that litigation is highly unlikely in this instance, given that Tupac's mother Afeni Shakur Davis, who owns the right's to the music, reportedly gave producer Dr. Dre, the go ahead to make it happen, the phenomenon still portends future potential problems.
As the technology, actually a high tech version of an Elizabethan trick known as Pepper's ghost, becomes more viable and ubiquitous the possibility that unlicensed producers will use “celebrities” to endorse their products etc becomes more acute…
Conversely, this technology could also be a boon for dead celebrity's estates–Whitney Houston and Dick Clark come to mind. Dead celebrities are big business, as this excellent 60 minutes segment from 2010 shows.
For more on the practicality of California's right to publicity, courtesy of Amy Dale Hogue of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, go here.
–Clark–
Only 18 percent of voters think Congress and President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE should fully repeal ObamaCare, a new poll released Thursday finds.
Another 47 percent said only some of ObamaCare should be repealed, while 31 percent said it should be left untouched.
The responses about whether Trump should support a repeal largely fall along party lines.
Eighty-six percent of Republican voters said Trump should support the repeal, while 78 percent of Democrats said he should not.
ADVERTISEMENT
Overall, 48 percent said he should back a repeal, while 47 percent said he shouldn't.
Congressional Republicans are looking to repeal ObamaCare through budget reconciliation, a special maneuver that only requires 50 votes to pass in the Senate and prevents Democrats from filibustering.
The Senate took its first steps Thursday toward repealing ObamaCare by passing a budget resolution that is being used as a vehicle for rolling back the law. The House will vote on the resolution Friday.
Trump said earlier this week that his administration would put forward a plan that repeal and replace the law "simultaneously."
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) said this week congressional Republicans also wanted to repeal and replace the law at the same time, though no replacement has been proposed yet.
Democrats argue that repealing the bill without a replacement will throw millions off of their health insurance and send the markets into turmoil.
“We are letting people come in from terrorist nations that shouldn't be allowed because you can't vet them,” he said. He then named several countries, including the Philippines, whose immigrants, he said, had been arrested in the United States for terrorism-related offenses.
“We're dealing with animals,” he said.
Mr. Trump presents quite a different message about the Philippines on the website for Trump Tower at Century City, a $150 million, 57-story apartment building nearing completion in metropolitan Manila.
“I've always loved the Philippines,” he says. “I think it's just a special place and Manila is one of Asia's most spectacular cities.”
Mr. Trump does not own the building, the website says, but he licensed his name to the developers.
Parliament members in Britain debated barring Mr. Trump from the country in January on the ground of engaging in hate speech with his call to prevent Muslims from entering the United States.
Filipinos represent the fourth-largest immigrant group in the United States, about 4.5 percent of the total immigrant population, according to the Migration Policy Institute, a nonprofit think tank based in Washington. The median income of Filipino households headed by an immigrant was $82,370 as of 2013, far above the $53,000 of United States-born households, the institute says.
The fireproofing and stairwell requirements alone could cost real estate developers $13 million for a 42-story office building, as well as perhaps $600,000 a year in lost rent because of decreased floor space, real estate industry officials estimated.
Advocates of the stronger requirements questioned those figures, saying they were inflated. Regardless, they said, they are outraged at the role the federal agency is playing in the debate.
“It is unbelievable to me that our tax dollars are being spent to fight safety improvements,” said Glenn P. Corbett, an associate professor of fire science at John Jay College in New York City. “They are trying to subvert necessary change.”
The challenges raised by Mr. Frable and building owners and architects focus on three safety standards drawn up by a code council committee that were based on recommendations in the final NIST report from 2005.
Under the new rules, any nonresidential skyscraper over 420 feet tall, or about 40 stories, must have a third stairwell and fireproofing capable of staying in place even if hit with 1,000 pounds per square foot of force, provisions that Mr. Frable and a real estate industry group, the Building Owners and Managers Association, want repealed. As an alternative, Mr. Frable is urging that skyscrapers include specially designed elevators that can reliably operate even during a fire.
Separately, the building owners' group has asked the organization to repeal a requirement that buildings taller than 75 feet apply glow-in-the-dark markings on stairwells as a backup if the lights go out. Such markings are credited with saving many lives on Sept. 11; they had been installed at the twin towers after the first terror attack there in 1993, even though the enhancement was not yet required by city code.
Photo
Only a small number of new towers would be subject to all three of the contested changes. Since 2000, about 10 nonresidential towers taller than 420 feet have been completed each year in the United States, according to Emporis, a German-based database of tall buildings, compared with about 750 such buildings currently standing nationwide.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The matter will go to a vote next week at a meeting of the code council in Minneapolis, where more than 1,000 building-code officials from around the nation will gather to adopt the 2009 version of the so-called model code, which serves as a template for 20,000 jurisdictions in all 50 states, including skyscraper cities like New York, Houston and Philadelphia. The council is a nonprofit association that was created in 1994 to try to develop a single national standard for building safety.
The contested provisions will now be reconsidered as part of a comprehensive review of the building code, which is conducted every three years. Most jurisdictions wait for that larger overhaul before revising their own codes; as a result, few cities have adopted the tougher skyscraper standards.
States and cities have the option of including or excluding any provision of the model code before making it binding, and many, including New York, make such modifications. Still, the code is important because it creates a base standard that most jurisdictions try to meet.
Historically, tall buildings have not been designed to anticipate a complete evacuation, because even during an office fire generally only the several floors immediately near it are cleared. Fireproofing was also not traditionally designed with enough adhesive strength to ensure that it would stick to steel in the event of an explosion or another unexpected stress.
But dislodged fireproofing was blamed in part by federal investigators for the collapse of the twin towers. And the flow of firefighters climbing the stairs as office workers were leaving created traffic jams, the investigators found.
Jake Pauls, a code consultant specializing in stairwell safety, said he understood that the World Trade Center was a singular event. But calamities do happen — be it a terrorist attack, a blackout, an earthquake — and skyscrapers often do not have sufficient systems to protect occupants or allow them to rapidly and safely evacuate, he said.
Mr. Pauls said he believed that a bias against regulation was wrongly driving the effort to repeal the tougher standards.
“It is basically a political game that is being played here,” Mr. Pauls said. “And I find it appalling.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Mr. Frable of the General Services Administration and other real estate officials who have joined him in challenging the new standards rejected that charge, saying they were trying to counteract an emotional reaction to the 2001 attacks that has led to unrealistic and unnecessary new building standards.
They argue that office buildings are extremely safe, citing statistics from the National Fire Protection Association that show an average of one civilian a year died in office building fires nationwide from 2000 to 2004, excluding the Sept. 11 attacks.
Photo
“What we have had here been knee-jerk reactions without any indication that they are going to do any good,” said Ron Burton, a vice president of the Building Owners and Managers Association, whose members control nine billion square feet of office space in North America.
The costs associated with these new requirements are so significant that if major cities around the United States enact them, it could slow skyscraper construction nationwide, real estate executives predicted.
“We put up buildings to make a profit,” Mr. Burton said. “If the numbers don't work, it won't happen.”
S. Shyam Sunder, who led the $16 million investigation into the World Trade Center collapse for the standards institute, said he would be in Minneapolis urging the council to honor the recommendations in his report.
“Everything is more complicated when an emergency happens in a skyscraper,” he said. “So you want to have more safeguards in taller buildings.”
The federal government itself is technically exempt from local building codes. But the General Services Administration, which has 352 million rentable square feet in 8,600 properties nationwide, generally requires that buildings it rents or buys honor building codes. Mr. Frable said that his opposition to the stairwell and fireproofing standards did not come from a directive from the White House or anywhere else in the administration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Building officials in Chicago and New York declined in interviews to predict whether they would adopt the stairwell and fireproofing requirements if they remained in the revised model code. New York is required by law to consider the revisions, said James P. Colgate, executive architect at the New York City Department of Buildings.
New York was the first large city to require the luminous marking on stairwells, even before it became part of the model code. More than 1,500 buildings now have the markings, and the city has no plans to rescind that requirement, Mr. Colgate said.
“If everything works the way it is supposed to, then it is not necessary,” Mr. Colgate said. “But in emergencies, we know that generators fail and electrical systems quite often do not work the way they are supposed to.”
New York has demonstrated mixed emotions over tougher building standards. After the Sept. 11 attacks, city officials declined to require wider stairwells in skyscrapers, as some safety advocates had urged. But at several of the towers built since 2001, including the Bank of America building near Times Square and 7 World Trade Center near where the twin towers stood, the developers have decided on their own to include either additional stairwells or wider ones.
Gary Lewis, a construction official from Summit, N.J., who is the chairman of an International Code Council committee that translated the NIST recommendations into the specific proposed code changes, said the meeting was an important test of the integrity of the national building code system.
“We want buildings that stand long enough for people to get out and stairs that allow people to get out quickly,” Mr. Lewis said. “If we reverse any of those improvements, we are not learning from the lessons of Sept. 11.”
Features
When the New York Yankees traded some of their stars for a flurry of young players there was a buzz around their team again. After almost a decade of parading older, star players out on the field everyday they were finally restocking their talent and getting younger. Among all of the acquired talent at the time was one name that pumped up the fan base more than the others.
Clint Frazier.
With all of the talks of Gleyber Torres and the epidemic that is “Gleybermania,” Torres wasn't considered the top prospect acquired in July of last year. Frazier was and still is, discussed as a potential five-tool player in the major leagues.
When Frazier came to the Yankees, he was immediately sent to the Triple-A Scranton Wilkes-Barre RailRiders, a level he only had five games at and was going to a place he did not know anyone in. This helped contribute to Frazier hitting .228 with three home runs to finish the season with the RailRiders.
For Frazier, an offseason has made a world of a difference. He's now in a town and clubhouse he's more familiar in and is more acclimated with the AAA level. Frazier acknowledges it's difficult to come to a new team mid-season but in his second year, he's having much more fun.
“It's so transparent how comfortable I am this year as opposed to last year,” Frazier said. “I'm more in my element as far as it goes with the relationships I have with the guys and I feel a part of the team.”
Frazier is off to a better start this season. Going into June 7, he has nine home runs and 30 RBIs. That can't all be attributed to scenery, though. Frazier is a hard worker, and he's always working with his hitting coach, P.J. Pilittere.
“He knows what this organization is all about and he knows how we do things on and off the field and I think that has relaxed him a little bit,” RailRider's manager Al Pedrique said. “He can be himself instead of like last year when he came in and tried to do too much.”
Even though he's trending in the right direction, Frazier still has some work to do at the plate. Pedrique said he's been working with his hitting coach to stay short through the zone and to use more of his legs.
“Sometimes he gets over aggressive, and the key for him to slow the game down is to trust his hands and note the fact that little by little, the more he plays, he's going to understand the strike zone better,” Pedrique said. “One of the things we've seen this year from the last year was he was swinging at a lot of bad pitches, but this year he's doing a lot better.”
Pedrique said Frazier is trusting his hands more and he's trying to see the ball first and hit his pitch. This has led to his on-base percentage to be higher this year, and the team is starting to see a different hitter at the plate.
Patient seems to be the key for Frazier in taking the next step at the plate. After he was acquired, Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman notoriously called his bat speed “legendary.” Someone with that amount of bat speed could tend to get ahead of himself when hitting.
“I think (the bat speed) is a gift and a curse,” Frazier said. “At times, when I'm early I kind of fly through the zone a bit but at times when I'm late a bit, it helps me catch back up to it. I think it's just about managing how to use it and to harness it at times when I need to.”
A lot of that approach comes with experience and Frazier was able to witness some of that experience in his first taste of big league spring training last March. At first, he was just trying to get acclimated to his environment and wanted to see how people operated around him. He said he was able to learn a lot from one veteran in particular.
“(I learned a lot) from Matt Holiday,” Frazier said.” “He's a great guy, and he's been around for a while. Some of the advice he had was pretty good.”
One thing most people don't realize about Frazier is what a great presence in the clubhouse he is and what a good person he is off the field. He has emerged as a leader in the RailRider clubhouse and takes a good attitude into every day.
If he continues to be patient and make his adjustments at the plate, he has the makeup to be a force in New York and lead the youth movement for years to come.
************************************************************************************************************
If you happened to reach this page by chance then you are probably wondering just what is Cuusoo all about.
Cuusoo is a site where people can submit ideas for new LEGO products. If the project idea is able to accumulate 10,000 Supporters, then LEGO will review the project and considered it to be mass produced as an official LEGO set, thus making it available to everyone.
A lot of people have been inquiring about where to get the build instructions or if we sell them a set. If you really want your very own LEGO Robotech Veritech Fighter then please create an account and vote for this project (You can also log in using your facebook or Twitter account)! There is absolutely no obligation and it will only take less than 5 minutes of your time. Also, you can also help out in spreading the word and letting other people who may be interested know about the project.
A big thanks to our current supporters! It will be a long road to 10,000 but we will not give up hope!
*********************************************************************
The Concept:
Earth, in the not so distant future: An alien ship appears out of nowhere and crash lands on the deserted Macross island. The ship is explored by all the nations of the planet who learn of a potential extraterrestrial threat that could come to retrieve it. In response, the nations of the world unite to create the United Nations Space Navy, or UN Spacy for short. For ten years, the ship is rebuilt as the Super Dimensional Fortress One (SDF-1) and its technology is adopted for use. During this process it was quickly discovered that the aliens who built the ship were actually a race of giant warriors! To be able to counter that threat, the UN Spacy developed a variable fighter, that can not only rule both air and space, but also fight any giant alien invader hand-to-hand on the ground! This variable fighter would soon be known as the the VF-1 Veritech Fighter....
#sex #BDSM #rapeculture
I want more men to (re)claim their sexuality. By that I don't mean that I want them to boast about how big their cock is* or many women they've fucked or how many times each one of those women came. What I mean is that I want to see more men learn to be comfortable with their sexual selves, especially when expressed in ways other than aggressiveness, dominance, and emotional numbness.
I want more men to think of themselves as attractive, or potentially attractive to someone. Yes, many individuals of all genders struggle with their body image and those struggles are valid, but when it comes to men, there's rarely any acknowledgment that a man's body can be beautiful or sexy at all. I'm tired of this “women are the fairer sex” bullshit. I want more men to think of their bodies as capable of getting someone hard or wet. I don't want men to become objectified or expected to fulfill extremely narrow beauty norms like women are; I want them to be able to think of themselves as desirable and fuckable if that thought appeals to them.
That will not be accessible for some men, just like it's not accessible for all women or nonbinary people–especially when you consider race, disability, and other intersecting identities. There's no moral obligation to love your body or find it attractive. But right now, our main cultural message about men's bodies is that they're laughable at best and grotesque at worst; that the problem with dick pics isn't that they're often unsolicited but that yuck who would want to see that; that nobody could ever really want to fuck a man, which is why it makes sense that men have to use coercion to “get” sex. (And that homosexuality is “unnatural,” and that there must be something horribly wrong with women who actively pursue sex with men…) What if men's bodies can actually be beautiful, can actually be sexy?
I want more men to get to know their own bodies and desires. Nine times out of ten when I ask a man, “What do you like?” or “How do you want to be touched?”, he says, “Oh, whatever you want” or “We can just have sex” or “Just being close to you feels good.” While this may be genuine for some men, I think most are uncomfortable sharing any desire besides to fuck, or they don't even know.
I don't buy our cultural myth that men's sexuality is “simple” while women's is “complicated.” (Where would that even leave trans/nonbinary people?) While I think that people with penises sometimes have a more obvious or clear path to orgasm, that's not the case for all of them, and orgasm isn't necessarily the goal, and maybe there are other paths they might discover, ones that are more…scenic.
I want more men to masturbate not with the goal of reaching orgasm as quickly as possible so they can feel relief from sexual tension, but with the goal of discovering what feels good, or weird, or interesting. I want them to try out different fantasies and watch different types of porn. I want them to try masturbating while reading erotica. I want them to try taking time to touch other parts of themselves first, before ever touching anything that can lead to orgasm.
I want to hear from men more of the things I hear from the women I sleep with–“I like my nipples licked, but not pinched”; “That's a bit too much pressure, can you use less?”; “Please don't touch me there because it's triggering”; “I get turned on when you kiss the back of my neck.”
Feminist men often fall into the trap of thinking that the opposite of male sexual entitlement–the opposite of men using other people's bodies to get themselves off without any concern for that person's consent or desire–is to focus entirely on their partner's pleasure and deny any preferences of their own. No. The opposite of male sexual entitlement is two (or more) people working together–playing together, rather–to create the experiences they want. If you're the kind of sub who's only interested in pleasing your partner, that's one thing. But that's not the only way to be a consent-aware man. You're allowed to have your own sexuality.
Most of the men I've ever been with did not see themselves as potentially sexy to anyone, not even me. They did not have much of an understanding of their own sexuality; I imagine that even a few weeks into those relationships they knew my sexuality better than their own, because I communicated it. It is very difficult to have a healthy sexual relationship with someone who on some level doesn't believe you could actually want them. I felt like I had to try and prove it to them constantly, and that emotional labor would quickly end up being too much.
My healthiest sexual relationships have been with people who knew their bodies and their sexual selves–even as that knowledge is, of course, constantly changing and developing. They weren't magically free of any insecurity, shame, or confusion about their own bodies and desires. But when I said “You make me so hot” or “I want you now” they believed me. They had a sense of their own sexuality that was more complex than just “I want to have an orgasm” or “I want my partner to have an orgasm.” It could be, “Wow, I have a body that feels things, isn't that amazing” or “I want my partner to feel punished” or “I want to feel humiliated and then comforted” or “I want to feel like my partner has all the control even though I know that actually we both have all the control” or “I want it to feel like my partner and I are writing a story together” or “I want to look at my partner's face while I fuck them” or “I want to look at my partner's ass while I fuck them” or “Tonight I feel bad and I just want to be comforted.”
Our deeply anti-sex culture undoubtedly impacts women and nonbinary people more than men, but male privilege–as protective as it is in some ways–does not extend to automatically giving men the ability to engage with sexuality in an authentic, healthy way. They'll have to work hard to learn that just as the rest of us do. To see sex as a collaboration rather than a competition or a game to be “won”; to see their own bodies as vessels for pleasure rather than tools for domination; to see their partners as partners rather than opponents or targets or prey; to see desires other than fucking as valid rather than irrelevant or shameful–those are just a few of the challenges I want to see men to embrace.
Encouraging men to get in touch with their bodies and desires might seem like a weird way of fighting rape culture, but in my experience all of the toxic messages we get about sex and gender go very well together, and fighting rape culture means fighting all of them.
~~~
*Not all men have cocks and not all people with cocks are men; not all men want to fuck women and not all people who want to fuck women are men. However, it would've been equally presumptuous to write this article about cis/straight men only, because trans/queer men probably experience many of the same pressures of toxic masculinity and much of this probably applies to them as well, regardless of what genital configuration they happen to have.
**Another important note: this was written from my own experience and social position, based on the struggles I've observed in the people around me. If it doesn't resonate with you, that doesn't make it “wrong”; maybe your social position is just different.
Advertisements
James O'Connor (born 5 July 1990) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer who currently plays for Sale Sharks. He made his international debut for Australia in 2008 at the age of eighteen. He has played for the Western Force, Melbourne Rebels and Queensland Reds in Super Rugby. In 2013 he played for English Premiership side London Irish, and in the 2014–15 season he moved to France to play in the Top 14 competition for Toulon.
Early life [ edit ]
O'Connor was born in Australia on the Gold Coast.[2] He lived in Auckland for five years as a child attending Rutherford Primary School. Until the age of eleven when he returned to Australia with his family.[3] He became a boarder at Nudgee College in Brisbane's northern suburbs.[4][5]
In 2006 he suffered a ruptured spleen,[6][7] but went on to be part of the Australian Schools representative team that played against England, Samoa and New Zealand in 2007.[8]
O'Connor's parents are from New Zealand, and his maternal grandparents from South Africa. This, along with his Australian birth, meant he was eligible for all three Tri Nations teams.[9] However, his decision to play for the Wallabies, and debut in 2008, meant he became ineligible to play for the All Blacks or Springboks.[10] He also played for the Australian Sevens in 2008.[8]
Professional career [ edit ]
O'Connor became the youngest ever Super Rugby debutant at age 17, and the second youngest Wallaby in Australian rugby history at age 18.[9][11] He is a versatile 'utility back'.[8] When asked about his preferred position in 2009, he said, "I feel more comfortable at 12 as a second ball player. I also like 15. You definitely get a lot of space. I just want to get on the field whether it is 10, 12 or 15."[11]
Early years: 2008–2013 [ edit ]
O'Connor with Australia in 2011.
O'Connor joined the Force in 2008, and came off the bench for his first Super 14 cap in a match against the Reds in Week 10 of the 2008 season. He completed the season's final three matches running on at inside centre.[9] Later that year he made his Australian debut, when he came off the bench as replacement fullback against Italy,[11] scoring three tries to help Australia to a 31–8 win.[9] In 2009, O'Connor was the Western Force 'Rookie of the Year' award and also won the Wallabies 'Rookie of the Year'.[12]
In 2012 O'Connor commenced a two-year contract with the Melbourne Rebels. His teammates included Nic Stirzaker, fullback Kurtley Beale, centre Mitch Inman, and English international Danny Cipriani.[13][14] He played at fly-half for the Wallabies in three Tests against the Lions and was included in a five-man leadership group for the team.[15] After continued ill-discipline off the field, the Rebels withdrew from contract extension negotiations at the end of the 2013 Super Rugby season and he was released by the franchise.[16][17]
Following a number of off-field indiscretions on O'Connor's part and a drunken incident at Perth Airport, O'Connor's ARU top-up contract was torn up and was suspended from the remainder of the test season.[citation needed]Following this low, O'Connor was in talks with the Western Force and the Queensland Reds however, nothing eventuated and O'Connor was forced to ply his trade offshore.
European stint: 2013–14 [ edit ]
O'Connor with London Irish in 2014.
On 28 October 2013, O'Connor indicated that he was en route to London to play rugby for "a few months".[18] He was signed by London Irish in October 2013 until the end of the 2013–14 season. He made his debut against Northampton Saints on 3 November and set up the only try that day. He claimed his first try for the club against Worcester Warriors on 4 January 2014, in a match ending 22–9 to the Exiles with O'Connor scoring all 22 points.
2015: Return to Australia [ edit ]
In 2015, he returned to Super Rugby in a bid to make the Wallabies Rugby World Cup 2015 squad by playing for the Queensland Reds.[19] O'Connor produced solid performances and was arguably one of the higher performers for a poor Queensland outfit, being shifted between fullback, flyhallf and wing in his first appearances before locking down the Red 15 jersey in the last rounds of the season.[20]
Although a part of Wallabies coach Michael Cheika's squads for Wallabies logistics camps throughout the course of the year, O'Connor was not included in the first extended 40-man and subsequently did not feature in any of the squads to follow, including the 2015 Rugby World Cup squad. O'Connor was announced to be part of Brisbane City's squad for their NRC title-defending campaign.
On 13 October, the QRU and Queensland Reds announced that O'Connor would be released from his contract effective immediately, meaning he would not play the 2016 Super Rugby season for the Reds and finish his 2-year contract. It is widely expected that he will return to RC Toulon and be joined by former Super Rugby and Wallabies teammates Matt Giteau, Drew Mitchell and Quade Cooper. O'Connor's release also meant the end of a potential appearance for Brisbane City in the domestic NRC had he sufficiently recovered to play.
2015 and beyond: Return to Europe [ edit ]
O'Connor preparing a kick for Toulon
In 2015 O'Connor signed with Toulon after failing to make the Australian 2015 Rugby World Cup squad with the Reds. After allegations of Cocaine use and Toulon decided not to renew his contract and thus he left the club at the ending of the season.[21]
In 2017 O'Connor signed with English Premiership club Sale Sharks shortly before the 2017–18 season. This comes amidst rumours he had been declined a contract renewal from Toulon.[21][22]
Controversies [ edit ]
O'Connor has been involved in a number of off-field controversies, attracting criticism from senior members of the Wallabies.[23] Most recently, in September 2013, he was stood down from the Wallabies following an incident in which he was removed from Perth airport by Australian Federal Police.[24] As a result, O'Connor missed the final two matches of the 2013 Rugby Championship and was released from his Wallabies contract by the Australian Rugby Union.[25] In February 2017 O'Connor was arrested together with former All Blacks player, Ali Williams, in Paris on suspicion of attempting to buy cocaine.[26]
Media [ edit ]
O'Connor was a participant in the second season of reality competition series Australia's Greatest Athlete.[27]
“The lavatory is a great leveller,” write the editors of Lonely Planet's Toilets: A Spotter's Guide, a 128-page photography book, out today, that attempts to document the world's most scenic toilets. “Around the planet…toilets have followed various evolutionary pathways to the best suit their environment.” These include the remote Nepalese village of Chukhung — home of an idyllic outhouse looking onto Ama Dablam — and extend as far as space, where toilets must make use of suction systems to help avoid zero-gravity disasters.
Now available for purchase online, Toilets: A Spotter's Guide features over 100 restrooms, urinals and outhouses, which all make a “cultural statement about the priorities, traditions and values of the venues, locations and communities they serve,” write the book's editors. Take the complete bathroom tour below.
Conservative commentator Glenn Beck on Friday joked about stabbing his radio show producer.
ADVERTISEMENT
“If I was close enough and had a knife, the stabbing just wouldn't stop,” Beck said on his radio show, according to The Daily Caller.
Beck was discussing promises by Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE and Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE to support Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE if the GOP front-runner becomes the Republican nominee.
“If I were on the stage, I would have said, ‘Have you been listening to him tonight? Have you been listening to what I say about him?' I believe these things,” Beck said.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story contained incorrect information about Beck's remarks.
Hundreds of millions of Android smartphone users have downloaded photo-collage, karaoke and video-chat apps that send location data and other identifying details back to servers in China, a new report has found.
The information is collected by Chinese search and advertising engine giant Baidu, which collects users' GPS co-ordinates, names of nearby wireless networks and a unique device number that can be used to identify a person's phone, according to findings contained in a new report from The Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto's Munk School of Global Affairs.
That information is stored on Baidu servers. The company says it gives Chinese authorities access to its data in accordance with local laws.
Story continues below advertisement
But placing such material in government hands could provide a detailed picture of a person's movements and contacts, potentially threatening those who anger the Chinese state, such as human rights campaigners or democracy activists, said Ronald Deibert, the lab's director.
"That is obviously the ultimate and most serious risk," he said.
"The collection of all that fine-grained, detailed information is either poor engineering choices, or this is surveillance by design," he said. And, he added, "don't forget – none of that data disappears."
Baidu does not collect such information from Apple devices. But disclosure of the Chinese company's tracking comes as the iPhone maker faces off against the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, which has demanded Apple help crack the lock on an iPhone used by San Bernardino mass shooting suspect Syed Farook.
Mr. Deibert said Baidu's practices illuminate the privacy battle at the heart of that dispute.
"It's an important public policy threshold now that I think is being crossed," he said.
"We're building a kind of digital house of cards here, and I don't think people fully appreciate just how much information is being given away as part of our daily routine."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Baidu information tracking is built into the Beijing company's Web browser for Android, as well as apps that use the software development kit for its Baidu Mobile Tongji, which allows Android app makers to track analytical data. Thousands of apps use the service, some distributed worldwide through the Google Play Store.
One, ES File Explorer File Manager, claims more than 300 million users and can be used in more than 30 languages.
A Windows Web browser made by Baidu went further, tracking hard drive serial numbers and Web browsing histories – but only a tiny number of users have that browser.
When The Citizen Lab first began looking at the Baidu data collection, it discovered that much of the information was transmitted either without encryption, or in ways that could easily be decrypted.
Mr. Deibert's team sent its findings to Baidu in late November, and the company quickly responded, updating its Android Web browser to what spokesman Kaiser Kuo called "the absolute strictest standards, to basically undecipherable encryption." That work is "basically done," Mr. Kuo said Wednesday.
Encryption on the Mobile Tongji software development kit was also upgraded in December, he said, although Mr. Deibert said checks by his team a week ago found "no fixes."
Story continues below advertisement
Baidu has not, however, changed the type of information it stockpiles.
"As far as what data is used, there are perfectly good reasons for developers to need to know a lot of stuff – it's for them to be able to provide a better user experience," Mr. Kuo said. In China, he said, it's also "quite standard" to harvest the 15-digit International Mobile Station Equipment Identity, a unique number that can pinpoint a particular smartphone no matter what apps or online accounts a person uses.
"We don't collect more than most people," Mr. Kuo said.
But one Chinese marketing group, in an online post made in 2013, pointed to Baidu's information collection as one reason to use it, saying "Baidu tracks each individual user, allowing you to see all the pages they visited," a capability Google does not provide.
Google's own analytics software bans the uploading of information that can "personally identify an individual … or data that permanently identifies a particular device."
The Baidu-made software appears to be "sending many critical bits of data," said Nate Lawson, founder of app analytics firm SourceDNA. Developers might want some of that information to spot coding problems. "But the result for end users is a loss of privacy," he said.
Story continues below advertisement
The Baidu revelations come amid the global rise of Chinese Internet giants, who are headquartered in a country that severely censors and monitors its online space.
Companies in China, South Korea and Vietnam are behind the most popular apps using the Baidu software. None replied to e-mails sent by The Globe and Mail.
The erosion of smartphone privacy has grown into a major concern for companies and governments whose employee devices can siphon off information that may be sensitive or classified.
On Tuesday, San Francisco-based Appthority released a report that found 100 per cent of the most common apps on corporate smartphones "have data leakage and privacy invasive behaviours." Some smartphone apps go far beyond the Baidu software, exporting text messages, address books and calendar information. Advertisers seeking to profile buyers can profit from this information, but so can scammers and intelligence agencies.
China now ranks among the top national destinations for such transmissions, said Domingo Guerra, president of Appthority, which has analyzed over 3.5 million mobile apps.
Baidu calls the data it obtains "anonymous identifiers," but in other countries it is classified as "personally identifiable information," Mr. Guerra said.
Story continues below advertisement
Smartphone apps, often a Frankenstein mix of different software elements from different places – some to push ads, some to report program crashes – have created thorny transnational problems, he said.
"It's really a new frontier, in the sense that a lot of the privacy laws and Internet privacy laws that we have don't necessarily apply to mobile very well," Mr. Guerra said.
Abstract
Introduction Adequate nutrient delivery to the fetus is essential for optimal growth. Differences in prenatal physical activity level and diet quality influence maternal energy balance and these factors may alter placental nutrient transport. We investigated the associations between meeting physical activity guidelines and the quality of maternal diet on the expression of genes involved in fatty acid, amino acid and glucose transport, and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and insulin signaling in the placenta from 16 term pregnancies.
Methods Physical activity was directly measured with accelerometry, diet composition was assessed with 24 h dietary recalls, and gene expression was measured with custom polymerase chain reaction (PCR) arrays.
Results Women who met physical activity guidelines had lower gene expression of fatty acid transport protein 4 (FATP4), insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1), and the beta non-catalytic subunit of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), and a higher expression of SNAT2. There was a strong positive correlation observed between total sugar intake and glucose transporter 1 (GLUT1) (r = 0.897, p = 0.000, n = 12), and inverse correlations between total sugar and mTOR and IGF1 expression. Percentage of total calories from protein was inversely related to insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) (r = −0.605, p = 0.028, n = 13).
TIRANA (Reuters) - Two Czech tourists were shot on an Albanian mountain road on Friday, and the killers rolled their car down a ravine to portray the deaths as an accident, police and eyewitness reports said on Saturday.
Michael Savos, 27, and Anna Kosinova, 36, were gunned down as they took a turn to a tent camp in the Alpine area of Theth, a favourite haunt of Czech tourists despite the disappearance there of three youths in 2001.
A police spokesman said they had found an automatic weapon inside the car, and an ammunition magazine and two bullet casings nearby. “One of the attackers might have been travelling with the victims,” a police spokesman said. Reports said the killers stole the tourists' possessions.
The wilderness of Theth, among peaks as high as 2,400 metres (7,900 feet), draws tourists from both Western and Central Europe, especially Czechs.
Given its remoteness, it has also turned into a favourite spot for cultivating cannabis despite a police operation there last summer to eradicate the plant.
Short answer: Prophet Muhammad was living example of how to implement Islam, and by following his example, we are obeying God's commands in the Quran. Without his revelation, the Quran, the Muslim faith would not be complete. We must embrace him as the final prophet or we are not fully embracing Islam.
Salam Dear Reader,
Thank you for your question and for contacting Ask About Islam.
There are mainly two aspects of the significance of the second part of the Shahadah, namely: “Muhammad is the Messenger (Prophet) of Allah”.
Prophet Muhammad Came With the Final Revelation
First: Allah Almighty is the Transcendental Creator and Sustainer of the universe, Who does not ‘materialize' or appear before us.
We learn about Allah and His guidance through the Messenger who Allah Himself chose.
This applies to all the Messengers of Allah, not only to Muhammad (peace be upon him).
But, Muhammad (peace be upon him) is the Final Messenger of Allah who came to coordinate, confirm and complete the earlier messages.
So he is not just one messenger among many; rather he represents all the Messengers of Allah before him.
Actually Muhammad fulfills and revalidates all the earlier messages through his mission. Thus, he stands for the completion of Allah's guidance for mankind.
Prophet Muhammad Was The Living Quran
Second: God's guidance is not just for our academic study, but for our applying it in space and time.
The role of Prophet Muhammad is not merely to teach us, but to practically demonstrate to us how we can live by God's guidance.
This means that the Quran is, as it were, the ‘theory'; and the Sunnah (the example of Prophet Muhammad) is the ‘practical form' of that theory.
Islam affirms and underscores the importance of the Quran (the precept) and the Sunnah (the example) together.
This points to the fact that it is not enough for us just to ‘worship' God as an ascetic devotee would; but also to live here as members of human society, making use of the blessings God has given us, and observing the limits set by God.
For this purpose, we need a practical model who would not only convey God's message to us, but also LIVE that message here below, as God wants us to live it.
You may know the Gospel verse that is generally misinterpreted by the Christians about Jesus: “He that hath seen me hath seen the Father” (John 14:9).
Jesus said this in answer to Philip's demand to see God. As it has been made clear by other verses, we humans cannot see God; we can only see God's human messenger.
This messenger's duty is not only to convey to us the word of God revealed to him, but also to demonstrate to people how one can lead a life of unconditional submission to God's will; seen in the spirit of Jesus' famous words of complete surrender to God's will: “Not as I will, but as You will!” (Matthew 26:39)
To Follow Prophet Muhammad is to Obey Allah
In short, the two parts of the Shahadah are like the two sides of the same coin: One part states one's acceptance of the One True God, which relates to one's faith and conviction, which is inward.
The other states one's acceptance of God's Messenger on earth, which relates to one's commitment to live in obedience to God's commandments, which expresses itself in one's outward life as lived daily.
That is why Allah in the Noble Quran commands:
You who believe! Obey Allah and His Apostle… (Quran 8:20) Say: “If you do love Allah, Follow me: Allah will love you and forgive you your sins… (Quran 3:31) He who obeys the Apostle, obeys Allah… (Quran 4:80)
These verses make clear that the acceptance of the Prophet is the acceptance of Allah.
This is because it is the Prophet who received the Noble Quran and brought it then to people.
So, any person who questions the Prophet, is actually questioning Allah and His Quran.
Hence, the affirmation of the prophethood of Muhammad (peace be upon him) is the natural corollary of the declaration of faith in Allah.
In other words, the second part of the Shahadah derives its significance from the first; so it becomes incumbent on any one who accepts the first part of the Shahadah, to accept the second part, too.
And Allah knows best.
I hope this helps.
Salam and please keep in touch.
(From Ask About Islam archives)
Please continue feeding your curiosity, and find more info in the following links:
Bees are our unacknowledged partners and ancient allies, vital in the pollination of food crops, keeping farms in business and in helping parks, gardens and the countryside to thrive. Yet bees are in decline in their numbers and their range. The plight of bees is in the press every week.
Royal Mail is issuing these stamps to educate customers and mail senders and receivers about the huge variety of British bees, their vital importance and to promote moves for bee protection.
Royal Mail is not promoting any particular conservation organisation in connection with this issue, but if you are interested in bee species and their identification, and bee conservation visit the Bee Cause website of Friends of the Earth.
Monitor page
for changes
it's private
by ChangeDetection
'Ghostly fog' caught on camera the moment it rips car mirror off police vehicle leaves officers scared and meteorologists scrambling for an answer
'Some of the officers said they think the parking lot's haunted,' said Hartford Lt. Brian Foley
NBC Connecticut Meteorologist Brad Field concluded that the fog is not a ghost, rather it is a mini-tornado
The car mirror was ripped off the car and swept through the air before it fell down to the asphalt beneath the car door
The Hartford, Conn. Police department was the scene of a mind-blowing vandalism. A Hartford police officer's car was mysteriously damaged on Wednesday.
Strangely enough, no one is to blame.
Surveillance footage of a 'ghostlike' entity twirling around the parking lot and brushing up against the cop car is the unlikely culprit.
The footage shows the 'ghostly' fog creeping towards the car, violently twirling around the vehicle, and then ripping the vehicle's mirror and jostling it mid air. Finally the mirror drops harshly to the ground beneath the car door.
The fog (circled here) can be seen swirling across the flat asphalt parking lot, an ideal environment for a mini-tornado to occur
The black dot in the center of this image is actually footage of the car mirror flying through the air
'At the end of his shift, he went out to his car and found his rear view mirror had been damaged and it was lying there next to his vehicle,' said Lt. Brian Foley of the Hartford Police department.
At first, cops thought that a human was responsible for the damage but the surveillance video footage proved otherwise.
'Some of the officers said they think the parking lot's haunted,' said Lt. Brian Foley to NBC Connecticut.
Lt. Brian Foley of the Hartford Police department said that some officers think that the parking lot is haunted
NBC Connecticut meteorologist Brad Feild concluded that the mysterious fog was actually a dust devil
Brad Field, an NBC Connecticut meteorologist, believes there is a more scientific explanation for the event.
After reviewing the video, Field concluded that the fog was not a ghost, but a dust devil. A dust devil is a mini-tornado of sorts. It's a swirl of wind that picks up the debris surrounding it. They have been known to form on asphalt surfaces.
'The only way you can see the dust devil is that it picks up dust and debris into it,' Field said.
'To be able to rip a mirror off a car, throw it around and then put it right back below where it was ripped off is interesting ... to say the least,' Foley told NBC.
A public information officer for the Hartford Police department told the Mail Online that while the event was creepy he hadn't heard of any other parking lot hauntings.
The number and quantities of trace elements used in industry, (high-tech) consumer products, and medicine are rapidly increasing, but the resulting emissions and waste streams are largely unknown. We assessed the concentrations of 69 elements in digested sewage sludge and effluent samples from 64 municipal wastewater treatment plants as well as in major rivers in Switzerland. This data set, representative of an entire industrialized country, presents a reference point for current element concentrations, average per-capita fluxes, loads discharged to surface waters, and economic waste-stream values. The spatial distribution of many individual elements could be attributed either to predominant geogenic or to anthropogenic inputs. Per-capita element fluxes ranged from <10 μg day–1 (e.g., Au, In, and Lu) to >1 mg day–1 (e.g., Zn, Sc, Y, Nb, and Gd) and >1 g day–1 (e.g., for P, Fe, and S). Effluent loads of some elements contributed significantly to riverine budgets (e.g., 24% for Zn, 50% for P, and 83% for Gd), indicating large anthropogenic inputs via the wastewater stream. At various locations, precious metal concentrations in sludge were similar to those in profitable mining ores, with total flux values of up to 6.8 USD per capita per year or 15 USD per metric ton of dry sludge.
MOST people think they're pretty savvy when it comes to scoping a deal or managing their money.
Not so, according to a recently published report, which reveals with just three simple questions that most people aren't nearly as smart as they think,
Annamaria Lusardi and Olivia S. Mitchell's study The Economic Importance of Financial Literacy: Theory and Evidence sought to find out exactly how financially literate people are.
To measure it, they asked three simple questions:
1. Suppose you had $100 in a savings account and the interest rate was 2 per cent a year. After 5 years, how much do you think you would have in the account if you left the money to grow:
A) More than $102
B) Exactly $102
C) Less than $102
D) Do not know, refuse to answer.
2. Imagine that the interest rate on your savings account was 1 per cent a year and inflation was 2 per cent a year. After a year, would you be able to buy:
A) More than,
B) Exactly the same as,
C) Less than today with the money in this account?
D) Do not know, refuse to answer.
3. Do you think that the following statement is true or false? ‘Buying a single company stock usually provides a safer return than a stock mutual fund.'
A) True
B) False
C) Do not know, refuse to answer.
Scroll down for the answers
The questions are designed to expose people's understanding of the fundamental concepts of financial literacy including interest rates, inflation and risk diversification.
The authors found they generated surprising results with very few people displaying a strong understanding of the concepts.
Germany had the best results, with 57 per cent of people answering all the questions correctly followed by the Netherlands with 46 per cent and United States with 35 per cent.
Italy was next with 28 per cent of people answering all three correctly, followed by Japan, Sweden and New Zealand who all registered 27 per cent of people getting all three correct.
The lowest level of financial literacy was found in Russia where just three per cent of people got all of the answers right. Unfortunately there were no Australian results but take the test above and see how you fare.
For more on the report, click here.
The answers:
1 - A
2 - C
3 - B
How do you rate your financial literacy? Continue the conversation on Twitter @newscomauHQ| @Victoria_Craw
HBO's Westworld, currently one of the networks the biggest shows, will be returning for a second season, according to Variety. The series will return alongside Insecure and Divorce, though a premiere date hasn't been announced.
Based off of the 1973 Michael Crichton movie of the same name, Westworld takes fans to a technologically advanced, Western-themed park where its guests can indulge their every whim. The series is a clear hit; viewers have taken to pulling apart the show's mystery in droves, resulting in weekly recaps, near-endless forums discussions, predictions and theories, and even podcasts. Going forward, HBO has already plotted out at least five seasons of material for the show.
That Insecure and Divorce have gotten renews spells a big win for the network, especially after the high-profile failure that was Vinyl. Insecure has already gotten praise for its take on race, gender, and relationships, and Divorce has so far been well received as a vehicle for Sex and the City star Sarah Jessica Parker.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Charlotte's police chief said Thursday he plans to show video of an officer shooting a black man to the slain man's family, but the video won't be immediately released to the public.
Charlottte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters during a news conference that the video does not definitively show 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott pointing a gun at anyone.
Putney said he is working to honor the request from the family of Scott to view the video. It's unclear when or if the video might be released publicly.
“Right now my priority is the people who really are the victims of the shooting,” Putney said. “I'm telling you right now if you think I say we should display a victim's worst day for consumption, that is not the transparency I'm speaking of.”
The video could be key to resolving the chasm between police, who say Scott refused repeated commands to drop his gun, and residents who say he was unarmed.
Residents say Scott was unarmed, holding only a book, and disabled by a brain injury. But it's unclear what the body cameras worn by three officers who were present during the shooting during the shooting may have captured. The plainclothes officer who shot Scott, Brently Vinson, was not wearing a camera. He has been placed on leave, standard procedure in such cases. Vinson is black,
As officials tried to quell the unrest, at least three major businesses were asking their employees to stay home for the day as the city remained on edge. Mayor Jennifer Roberts told ABC's “Good Morning America” that officials were considering a curfew, and she said in an interview with NPR that the timing of the video's release depends on how the investigation progresses.
When asked if officials shouldn't be more transparent, she said: “The transparency would be helpful if the footage is clear and if it covers all the different parts of what happened that evening. Since I haven't seen it, I'm not certain of that and that may be the case. There were a couple of different body cameras, there was a dash camera, but as you know sometimes those can be not clear.”
North Carolina has a law that takes effect Oct. 1 requiring a judge to approve releasing police video, and Police Chief Kerr Putney said he doesn't release video when a criminal investigation is ongoing.
The streets were mostly quiet Thursday, but Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Duke Energy all told employees not to venture into North Carolina's largest city after Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency Wednesday night and called in the National Guard after the police chief said he needed the help. The North Carolina National Guard arrived at a Charlotte armory early Thursday, and Guard vehicles left the armory about 8 a.m.
Federal help also is on the way, with the Justice Department sending to Charlotte a team of trained peacekeepers designed to help resolve community conflict. The department's Community Relations Service has been deployed to other cities roiled by tense flare-ups between police and residents.
A peaceful prayer vigil Wednesday night turned into an angry march and then a night of violence after a protester was shot and critically wounded as people charged police in riot gear trying to protect an upscale hotel in Charlotte's typically vibrant downtown. Police did not shoot the man, city officials said.
Video obtained and verified by The Associated Press, which was recorded right after the shooting, shows someone lying in a pool of blood as people scream and a voice yells for someone to call for help. People are then told to back up from the scene.
The unrest took many by surprise in Charlotte, the banking capital of the South with a population of 830,000 people, about 35 percent of them black. The city managed to pull through a racially charged shooting three years ago without the unrest that erupted in recent years in places such as Baltimore, Milwaukee and Ferguson, Missouri.
In 2013, Charlotte police charged one of their own, Randall Kerrick with voluntary manslaughter within days, after the white officer shot an unarmed black man who had been in a wreck and was looking for help. The jury deadlocked and the charge was dropped last summer. The city saw a few protests but no violence.
On Wednesday, hundreds of protesters who were shouting “black lives matter” and “hands up, don't shoot” left after police fired flash grenades and tear gas after the shooting. But several groups of a dozen or more protesters stayed behind, attacking people, including reporters, shattering windows to hotels, office buildings and restaurants and setting small fires. The NASCAR Hall of Fame was among the places damaged.
Authorities said three people and four police officers were injured. Videos and pictures on Twitter showed reporters and other people being attacked.
“He got out of his car, he walked back to comply, and all his compliance did was get him murdered,” said Taheshia Williams, whose balcony overlooks the shady parking spot where Scott was Tuesday afternoon. She said he often waited there for his son because a bicycle accident several years ago left him stuttering and susceptible to seizures if he stayed out in the hot sun too long.
Putney, the police chief, was angered by the stories on social media, especially a profanity-laced, hourlong video on Facebook, where a woman identifying herself as Scott's daughter screamed “My daddy is dead!” at officers at the shooting scene and repeating that he was only holding a book.
Putney was adamant that Scott posed a threat, even if he didn't point his weapon at officers, and said a gun was found next to the dead man. He also said: “I can tell you we did not find a book.”
___
Associated Press writers Josh Replogle and Tom Foreman Jr. in Charlotte; Jonathan Drew and Martha Waggoner in Raleigh; Stephanie Siek in New York; and Eric Tucker in Washington contributed to this report.
It is no secret that today's Microsoft is no fan of their mobile phone business, and have seen dramatic declines in the size of their device sales.
Now a new rumour by Chinese site VTech states that Microsoft is planning is shuttered their feature phone business, which sold only 15 million handsets in Q1 2016, and license the Nokia brand to Foxconn. Microsoft has rights to the brand for feature phones up to 2024.
At the same time VTech reports that Microsoft will fold the rest of the Microsoft Mobile business (the Lumia smartphone business) into the Surface team and will likely lay off 50% of the current staff of Microsoft Mobile. The division has already suffered more than 18,000 losses since its sale to Microsoft in 2014.
While we do not know VTech's pedigree when it comes to such rumours none of the items would come as much of a surprise. Microsoft has been emphasizing their 3rd party OEM business and have been concentrating on the business and enterprise segment for Windows Mobile delivery, rather than the consumer segment which the feature phone business represents.
If true, would our readers have any concern about this move? Let us know below.
NEW YORK CITY — A real estate developer said Bill de Blasio personally called him to donate $20,000 to a nonprofit to promote universal pre-K while he had business before the city — and that it was hard "to tell the mayor no."
Don Peebles, whose real estate company owned a building they later got city approval to turn into condos, told DNAinfo New York that in March 2014 he received a call from the mayor asking him to contribute the money to the nonprofit, now called the Campaign for One New York.
Federal and state investigators are probing whether the nonprofit illegally raised funds and if contributors got favors from the city in exchange for their donation.
READ MORE: Here's What We Know About the Probe Into Mayor Bill de Blasio's Fundraising
"He asked me for a specific dollar amount," Peebles, who's a possible 2017 mayoral candidate, said during an interview in his Fifth Avenue offices Monday.
Even though he believed universal pre-K was important and wanted to support the cause, Peebles, a past de Blasio fundraiser, said he was wary about the call.
"It's hard for a business person who has business interests in New York City to tell the mayor no, especially real estate developers," Peebles said.
Asked what he thought of the mayor personally calling developers and others who have or might have business before the city Peebles said:
"What that call says is that it's important to the mayor," he continued. "The other thing it says is that the mayor knows that you're helping him. If you don't help then you're making the mayor upset with you, so you can't tell him no. The plus side is that if you say yes then the mayor knows you helped."
BUSINESS INTERESTS
Peebles, who heads the Peebles Corporation, a national real estate development and investment firm, was estimated last year to have a net worth of $700 million by Forbes.
He said he was first contacted in January 2014 by Ross Offinger, de Blasio's former campaign manager and a point person for other mayoral political action efforts, who was raising money for the Campaign for One New York's predecessor, UPKNYC.
But the two didn't connect until February 2014, when Peebles was finalizing a bid for the Long Island College Hospital site in Cobble Hill. Peebles said he told Offinger he would get back to him on fundraising in the future.
De Blasio called a month later, Peebles said. He instructed his staff to send a check on March 6.
City and state law forbids public officials from soliciting funds from individuals or entities who have business interests before the city or are likely to in the future.
De Blasio's fundraising pitch was followed by a call "within minutes" from Offinger, Peebles said.
Offinger, and top mayoral aide Emma Wolfe, have been subpoenaed by investigators probing the fund.
READ MORE: Federal Probe Eyes Possible Straw Donors to De Blasio Campaign, Sources Say
Records also show that in 2014 the city was a tenant at 346 Broadway, a TriBeCa building owned by The Peebles Corporation.
At the time, the company was preparing to appear before the Landmarks Preservation Commission regarding the building, which was purchased from the city in December 2013 for $160 million. The commission approved a $334 million plan last year to convert the building into 144 condominiums.
'I THOUGHT IT WAS INAPPROPRIATE'
Peebles and partner North Shore-LIJ made a $260 million bid to develop the LICH site. It was the second-highest bid and was submitted on Feb. 3, 2014, around the time Offinger began asking for donations, Peebles said.
But SUNY Downstate Medical Center ended talks with Peebles over an impasse about remediation costs on May 28, 2014 and later made a deal with Fortis Property Group.
Campaign for One New York paid to distribute a June 26, 2014 letter from Gary Reilly of the Carroll Gardens Neighborhood Association that said a deal to sell Long Island College Hospital to Fortis was good for Brooklyn residents.
Reilly wrote that de Blasio asked him to "share my views on what this means for families" in Brooklyn. "The outcome is much better than we expected."
During his campaign for mayor, de Blasio was arrested protesting the closure of the hospital.
"I thought it was inappropriate for funds that were meant to be able to promote educational opportunity to start validating a business transaction involving the state of New York that had nothing to do with universal pre-K," Peebles said.
He asked the mayor to return his $20,000, and the mayor acknowledged in an email that the check had been returned.
Peebles said de Blasio called him again to request money for the mayor's failed 2014 bid to help Democrats take back the state Senate. Peebles said he declined to contribute to that effort.
'THEY DIDN'T WANT TO TELL THE MAYOR NO'
The developer isn't the only person de Blasio hit up for money.
One person in the real estate industry who Peebles introduced to de Blasio for fundraising purposes, but who declined to be interviewed because they have business before the city, called Peebles after de Blasio asked for $50,000 for his effort to win back the Senate.
"They just felt uncomfortable. They didn't want to tell the mayor no," Peebles said of the call. "They called me for help to guide them on how to get the mayor to lower the amount because they felt it was too much for them."
And just last week, supermarket billionaire John Catsimatidis, who once ran for mayor, was quizzed, as expected, by investigators about a $50,000 donation he gave at the request of the mayor.
Catsimatidis said he donated to the Putnam Country Democratic Committee, as de Blasio asked, but the funds quickly wound up in the campaign of an upstate Democratic candidate, apparently as part of the mayor's Senate initiative.
Investigators specifically wanted Catsimatidis to detail the “process” by which he was asked for the money, who followed up to get it (in this case it was Offinger), and how the $50,000 was paid.
'SO MANY TENTACLES'
The sweeping federal and state probe into de Blasio's political fundraising apparatus “has so many tentacles” that investigators are eyeing possible criminal conspiracy charges for those involved in any wrongdoing, sources said.
Conspiracy charges historically serve as an umbrella that includes other offenses such as mail fraud, wire fraud, election law violations and even money laundering. They've been used to take down various criminal enterprises from the mob to white collar fraudsters.
The feds “are not looking for one deadly sin,” a source familiar with the investigation said. “[They are looking] at this as a potential corrupt organization, that the fundraising mechanism is corrupt.”
Sources say that the Justice Department in Washington has been briefed on virtually every move the Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has made, including the recent decision to issue subpoenas to the mayor's office.
De Blasio spokesman Peter Kadushin referred a reporter to the mayor's previous comments on Tuesday.
"I'm confident of the fact that we handled everything legally and ethically; that we did the things I wish more people would do in public service, we sought guidance from an ethics board," de Blasio said at an unrelated Queens press conference, adding that he sought legal advice from lawyers and opinions from the Conflicts of Interest Board.
The mayor has also said that he and organizations he's associated with are cooperating fully with the investigation. De Blasio has blamed his woes on political foes angry at his progressive positions and says he is facing a "double standard" of scrutiny.
In a letter requesting an investigation of the Campaign for One New York, good government group Common Cause New York's executive director Susan Lerner said de Blasio's "direct involvement" with the nonprofit "raises troubling questions regarding the legality of his conduct under New York City's conflict of interest and campaign finance laws" and also "raises serious questions about who has influence and access to the policymaking process."
Dick Dadey, executive director of Citizens Union, called de Blasio's fundraising activities "unethical and unseemly" behavior.
"It's very difficult when the mayor of New York City calls asking for a specific contribution, a specific amount of money, to say no when you are asking him to say yes on a specific public policy matter," Dadey said. "Lobbyists and others with business before the city feel the compulsion to contribute when asked by the mayor because they want to be sure nothing hurts their chances."
WHAT THE LAWS SAY
The City Charter says “no public servant shall use or attempt to use his or her position to obtain any financial gain, contact license, privilege or other private or personal advantage direct or indirect for the public servant or any person or firm associated with the public servant.”
The state's public officers law is even more explicit, barring elected officials from “soliciting funds from any individual or business entity that currently has matters before (it)," or “has substantial reason to believe will have matters before (the city) in the foreseeable future."
And the mayor may have violated a Conflict of Interest Board edict warning him about doing direct solicitations to "anyone with a matter pending or about to be pending" before the city, NY1 reported.
De Blasio lawyer Maya Wiley said there "was a process in place to insure that this guidance was scrupulously followed."
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. joined the ongoing federal investigation into de Blasio's fundraising tactics last January after the Board of Elections' chief investigative officer sent a “criminal referral” to Vance's office alleging the efforts of the mayor's nonprofit to unseat the Republicans violated campaign finance laws, Vance has said.
“Bringing in the Manhattan DA is smart, because they can charge local laws that (we) can't do and might be better handled there,” the source familiar with the probe said.
In addition to subpoenaing documents, email and computer data, federal authorities have wiretapped numerous people since early 2015 — that's when the investigation, which began with an allegation that NYPD Chief of Department Philip Banks was accepting gifts for favors from two businessmen, began to widen.
The businessmen, Jona Rechnitz and Jeremy Reichberg, donated to de Blasio's election campaign and served on his Inauguration Committee. Rechnitz also gave $102,000 to the statewide Democratic Senate Campaign Committee and $50,000 to the mayor's nonprofit. He had bundled more than $44,000 for de Blasio's 2013 election.
"When this investigation finally rolls out, there will not be an out-of-work criminal defense attorney in New York," said another source familiar with probes.
PHILADELPHIA -- The way Eagles wide receiver Alshon Jeffery sees it, his Super Bowl guarantee is still in play.
Following a 3-13 season with the Chicago Bears in 2016, Jeffery raised some eyebrows in January by saying, "I guarantee you we'll win the Super Bowl next year."
The Bears are currently last in the NFC North at 3-7, and Jeffery is in Philadelphia after signing a one-year deal worth as much as $14 million in free agency.
But Jeffery suggested that guarantee traveled with him.
"I never said a team, though," said Jeffery at his locker stall Tuesday, raising an eyebrow and offering a smile. "I never said a team."
His Eagles are 9-1 and currently the favorites to win the NFC. They can further improve those odds with a home win over Jeffery's old squad, the Bears, on Sunday.
Alshon Jeffery is on pace to finish with 61 catches, 907 yards and 10 touchdowns with the Eagles this season. AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth
Jeffery has become a bigger part of the Eagles' offensive attack in recent weeks. He has been targeted by quarterback Carson Wentz 18 times over the last two games, leading to 10 catches for 151 yards with three touchdowns. He averaged nearly 17 yards per reception with a touchdown and a two-point conversion in a win Sunday night against Dallas.
"I've seen the same guy. That's one of the things that I love about Alshon: Even early on when the ball wasn't going to him as much, totally unselfish, hard worker. You just know these things take time -- the chemistry, the opportunities, the confidence level that grows," offensive coordinator Frank Reich said. "He's made some huge plays -- huge plays in that Dallas game -- and that's why he's here. I mean, those exact plays that we saw in that game, we want to keep seeing that."
Jeffery is on pace to finish with 61 catches, 907 yards and 10 touchdowns. In terms of volume, that's a drop-off from his best years with the Bears when he averaged 87 catches and nearly 1,300 yards in the two seasons he was able to play all 16 games. But he is part of a team that ranks third overall offensively (378 yards per game) and first in points per game (32), and currently owns the best record in football. The trade-off, in his view, is more than worth it.
Editor's Picks NFL MVP poll: Why it's Carson Wentz's award to lose Tom Brady is having another MVP-caliber season, but Wentz is the one who has led his team to the best record. Then there's Drew Brees and ... who else? Here are our experts' favorites.
"Winning championships, that's most important to me," he said. "A lot of players make a lot of money, but some of them never make the playoffs, never get to experience a lot of things. Like being here in Philly, the atmosphere where we all want that for each other. We all want to go to the playoffs. We all want to win a championship. We're all together.
"I think players who want a lot of individual stats, my opinion, their team don't do well. It's not basketball. In basketball, I can go out there and score 40 or 50 and we can win. ... Football you need everybody."
Jeffery said there will likely be some trash-talking with players from his old team as Sunday draws closer, but overall he is trying to downplay the significance of facing the Bears, saying he's just looking at it as another game. He also pushed away talk about his long-term future -- Jeffery, 27, is again scheduled to be a free agent this offseason -- while making it clear he's a fan of his current situation.
"I love it here in Philly, man. I hope so," said Jeffery, when asked if he will be here for a while." But right now I'm just playing football, just staying locked in and focusing in on one day at a time, in the moment."
Loading... Epic Illustrated In 1981, Marvel Comics got on the adult comic bandwagon with Epic Illustrated
Heavy Metal Long-running fantasy magazine Heavy Metal was an attempt at replicating the Métal Hurlant formula for an American market
Pilote The success of Métal Hurlant meant that even traditional Franco-Belgian comics like Pilote started aiming at a more mature audience
A Suivre Métal Hurlant's success paved the way for other Franco-Belgian adult comics. One of the best of these was A Suivre.
Sadly, the irony didn't stop there. Back in France things weren't going well for Métal Hurlant. The magazine was no stranger to financial difficulties (hardly surprising given the fact it was originally set up by three visionary iconoclasts and a token businessman), but by the mid-1980s sales sharply declined as rival publications pandered to the lowest common denominator, sacrificing Hurlant's artistic experimentation in favour of an airbrushed excess of swords and sauciness. In 1985, publishers Hachette acquired the title and Dionnet was promptly replaced as editor. A year later it changed hands again, but by this time, the magazine was a pale imitation of its former self. In August 1987 – just as headlines about comics growing up started appearing in the British and American press – Métal Hurlant folded. The magazine was briefly revived in 2002 as Franco-US co-production, and more recently some of its stories were adapted into a TV anthology series entitled Métal Hurlant Chronicles. During its original twelve year run, Métal Hurlant did more than any other publication to promote comics as a legitimate artform. It not only left us with a formidable back catalogue of timeless material, but it became a template for all subsequent attempts at ‘serious' comics, encouraged writers and artists to aim higher and strive for artistic originality, and even pioneered the system of releasing collected volumes of comic strips that we take for granted today. That's impressive enough, but Métal Hurlant's influence doesn't end there… A private eye and his beautiful client make love. The phone rings. It's a robocop, and it knows who the Arcturian spy is: “It's the girl!” Suddenly, she changes… When Métal Hurlant first appeared in 1975, it must have seemed like a crazy idea. Here was an expensively-produced science fiction magazine coming out at a time when science fiction was anything but fashionable. Nowhere was this more evident than at the local cinema, and while the early-70s produced an occasional genre movie classic like Silent Running (1972), most sci-fi films of the period were dour, dystopian, low budget affairs. This was the era of the New Hollywood directors like Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola, filmmakers more interested in gritty realism than spaceships and bug-eyed monsters. Métal Hurlant had arrived at a time when mainstream cinema was more interested in the gutter than the stars. All that changed in 1977. Star Wars was a global sensation that made sci-fi a permanent fixture at the box office. To audiences of the time, this epic space fantasy with its state-of-the-art visual effects looked like nothing they'd ever seen before. To readers of Métal Hurlant, however, it all looked a bit familiar. The cluttered, lived-in backdrop of this galaxy far, far away might have looked like it was a dozen parsecs away from the clean, white plastic-panelled corridors of previous sci-fi movies, but this grungy aesthetic was commonplace in the pages of Métal Hurlant. Darth Vader and the Empire, with its penchant for enormous, visually impressive yet somewhat impractical weaponry, evoked the works of Philippe Druillet, while farmboy hero Luke Skywalker's inhospitable desert homeworld, Tatooine – with its junkshop tech and strange skeletal creatures half-buried in the sand – looked like an Airtight Garage strip by Moebius brought to life. Métal Hurlant and Star Wars Never Ending Fight Against the Darkness by Enki Bilal
From Star Wars Visions (Acme Archives, 2010)
Star Wars poster by Phillipe Druillet (1977)
Commissioned by George Lucas
Lone Sloane by Phillipe Druillet (1972)
Han Solo's personal shopper?
Star Wars by Moebius
From Star Wars Visions (Acme Archives, 2010) Director George Lucas made no secret of the connections between Star Wars and Métal Hurlant. He namechecked both Druillet and Moebius in a 1979 interview, wrote introductions to collections of their comic art, and even hired Moebius as a conceptual artist for his late-80s fantasy film, Willow. In fact, a background detail from Moebius's The Long Tomorrow would later appear as the Imperial Probe Droid in the Star Wars sequel, The Empire Strikes Back. To be fair, Métal Hurlant was just one of a multitude of sources that influenced George Lucas, and it wasn't even the only Franco-Belgian comic: the Valérian saga by Pierre Christin and Jean-Claude Mézières (1967-2010) contains many sequences that bear an uncannily similarity to iconic scenes that would later appear in Star Wars films. By opening the door to big budget science fiction blockbusters, however, Star Wars paved the way for other filmmakers to channel the Métal Hurlant influence even more directly. The Mad Max films of Australian director George Miller – including last year's Fury Road – all owe a huge debt to Métal Hurlant strips like Druillet's Salammbô and Jeremiah by Hermann Huppen. The original Mad Max logo even appears to be a homage to the magazine, right down to its dual lightning bolt backdrop.
Loading... Mad Max and Arzach Mad Max 2: the Road Warrior and Moebius's Arzach. Notice the identical winged skull emblem...
Ridley Scott – director of two of the most influential science fiction films of all time, Alien and Blade Runner – was quite open about the debt he owed the magazine. In an interview published to coincide with the twentieth anniversary of Alien, he said: ‘In 1977, I came across the comics and publications born out of the Métal Hurlant magazines. In the same year, I was offered Alien, and I recognised the […] influences I could apply to the visual aspects of the film.' Scott hired Moebius and fellow artists H.R. Giger and Chris Foss (who had both been profiled in Métal Hurlant) to work as conceptual artists on the film, and the Giger-designed alien ‘xenomorph' remains one of cinema's most disturbing creations. For Blade Runner, the director turned to Moebius's aforementioned The Long Tomorrow story and the works of Hurlant regular Enki Bilal to inform his seminal vision of a future Los Angeles. More recently, Scott revisited The Long Tomorrow and other Moebius stories as visual inspiration for his Alien prequel, Prometheus. Slideshow: Métal Hurlant impact on Movies
Loading... Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (1984) and Arzach (1976)
The Night (1976) and Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)
Mad Max and Metal Hurlant Two logos separated at birth?
The Long Tomorrow (1976) and Empire Strikes Back (1980)
The Long Tomorrow (1976) and Blade Runner (1982)
The Long Tomorrow (1976)
And it wasn't just Hollywood. In Japan, the artist and filmmaker Katsuhiro Otomo cited Métal Hurlant as an influence on his classic manga and anime film, Akira, while Studio Ghibli co-founder Hayao Miyazaki took inspiration from Moebius's Arzach when creating his classic Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind (1984). Moebius and Miyazaki became close friends and mutual influences: Moebius named his daughter Nausicaä, and in 2005 the artists' work appeared together in a joint exhibition in Paris. A decade after it originally ceased publication, the magazine's legacy returned home. Luc Besson's 1997 French sci-fi film The Fifth Element may have divided critics, but no one could deny it was bold, visually unique, and one of cinema's weirdest summer blockbusters. It was also Besson's love letter to the Métal Hurlant school of comics. Based on a story he started writing at the age of sixteen ( in 1975, the year the magazine was launched), it featured production designs by Hurlant alumni Moebius and Jean-Claude Mézières, and remains one of the most expensive works of fan fiction ever made. More recently, Besson returned to the world of French sci-fi comics with Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, his big budget adaptation of the classic Star Wars-influencing series by Mézières and Pierre Christin.
For privacy reasons YouTube needs your permission to be loaded. For more details, please see our Privacy Policy I Accept
Image caption Critics of the bill say it would fragment the NHS but ministers say it will put patients first
The government's planned changes to the NHS in England have cleared their final reading in the House of Lords.
Labour have forced a Commons debate on whether MPs can consider planned NHS changes for a final time before an assessment of the potential risks to the health service is published.
It will take place on Tuesday after being granted by Speaker John Bercow.
The government has agreed to a series of changes to the bill and wants it to become law as soon as possible.
MPs will consider amendments to the bill agreed by the Lords on Tuesday - the final stage in its passage - but only after the 90-minute emergency debate on the plans.
The bill has been the subject of a prolonged battle over the past year - with professional bodies representing doctors, nurses and other NHS workers resisting the changes.
The legislation would abolish Strategic Health Authorities and Primary Care Trusts and give much greater control over care budgets and commissioning decisions to GPs and other health professionals.
Opponents are trying to mobilise support behind a last-ditch attempt to try and delay the bill, saying the financial implications of the changes to the NHS must be properly considered.
Meanwhile, scores of people staged a candlelit vigil to protest on Monday night against what they called the "destruction" of the NHS.
Some 25 protests were held across the UK to draw attention to the proposed changes.
'Right to know'
The Freedom of Information Tribunal recently upheld a decision by the Information Commissioner that the NHS transitional risk register must be published. The government have said they will not do so until the tribunal has explained its ruling.
The register was drawn up to calculate the risks relating to the implementation of the bill.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said it was "highly unsatisfactory" that MPs would not have an opportunity to consider the information in the register before finally approving the bill.
Parliament has a right to know, before it is asked to make a final judgment that will have huge implications for every person in this country Andy Burnham, Shadow health secretary
"Parliament has a right to know, before it is asked to make a final judgment that will have huge implications for every person in this country," he told MPs.
In the Lords, crossbench peer Lord Owen called for a similar delay to the bill's third reading in the Upper House pending the publication of the document. But his motion was defeated by 328 votes to 213.
Ministers say some of the details in the register have already been published in impact assessments and that publishing the entire document would flout a fundamental principle that advice by officials given in confidence should be protected.
Speaking in the Lords, Health Minister Earl Howe said the bill had been subject to more scrutiny than any other in recent times, with parliamentary debates of "unparalleled duration and scope".
"I cannot accept for one moment that without sight of the transition risk register the House has somehow been denied a deep insight into what this bill means for the NHS," he said. "It is an absurd proposition."
Amendments
Peers considered a series of amendments to the bill, including on the registration of health care support workers and the functions of the body due to replace the Health Protection Agency.
And they rejected a motion by Labour peer Baroness Thornton calling for the bill to be dropped by 269 to 174 votes.
Her motion - which argued that the bill did "not command the support" of patients, NHS workers or the public and would lead to the "fragmentation and marketisation" of the health service - was defeated by 95 votes.
Lord Greaves was the only Liberal Democrat rebel who voted with Labour on Monday in their bid to block the bill's passage.
Some 73 Lib Dem peers voted against the amendment, along with 170 Conservatives.
The government has made a series of concessions on the bill, to limit competition and clarify the powers and responsibilities of the secretary of state in relation to the health service, but say it should now proceed.
The legislation must be approved by the end of the parliamentary session but, pending its approval by the Commons on Tuesday, could receive its Royal Assent and become law later this week.
Our Manifesto
Below you find the Manifesto of the European Federalist Party that was adopted at the 2nd Convention of the European Federalist Party in Rome on 4th November 2012.
This was the basis that was used to draft the political programme for the 2014 European Parliament Elections thank to a participatory process that involved our members from all over Europe!
– – –
We believe in Europe. As Europeans, we see our Plurality, Culture and the History of Democracy as unique Privileges and as a solid Basis for our Common Future. This is the time for a full direct Participation of the European Citizens as the next step to shape the Future and Unity of a Just and Democratic Europe. The European Federalist Party aims to provide a response to the inadequacies of the traditional political parties organized along national lines; it has been established to unite European Movements and Citizens to strive for a new European Social Contract within a true, transparent and fair European Federation. Because Europe Matters! And so does your voice!
Democracy and accountability: The European Federation should have one President elected directly by the European citizens. Parliament should consist of one chamber representing the citizens and another chamber representing the states.
European integration: The European Federation should be initiated from the creation of a federal core composed of EU Member States willing to make a step further in the process of European Integration.
Employment: A more integrated Europe will allow us to build on our strengths and skills and improve the competitiveness of our economy. This will in turn create more job opportunities, in particular for young people. Increased integration will also help us ensure full mobility of the workforce within the Federation and to preserve the European social model.
Foreign and defence policy: The European Federation should be competent on issues such as foreign and defence policy. It should have one single army with a single central command, one single diplomatic corps, and a single seat at the United Nations Security Council, representing a common European foreign policy.
Security: A federal police should be put in place to deal with federal crimes (such as terrorism, organized crime, human traffic and federal taxes evasion). The European Federation should in particular be entitled to manage asylum policy and the control of external borders.
Public finances: The European Federation should have a European treasury. This treasury should manage a federal budget financed through federally attained resources (such as Eurobonds, European Transaction tax or others). Its currency should be the Euro. At the federal level, a more effective taxation system should be put in place to finance federal expenditure. This system should avoid tax duplications and favour economies of scale, thus reducing the overall tax burden on each European citizen.
Fiscal harmonization: The EFP will promote tax harmonisation to reduce social dumping and tax evasion within the Federation.
European Central Bank: The European Central Bank should be kept independent, but should get a double mandate of ensuring low inflation and economic growth together. The ECB should act as a lender of last resort.
European social model: The European Federation should protect the sustainability of the European social model and ensure that its citizens benefit from comparable civil, political, and economic rights and level of welfare, ensuring fair standards throughout the European Federation.
Solidarity: The EFP wants to reinforce the European Cohesion policy, focus on key Europe-wide infrastructure networks and a European social relief fund to improve territorial and social cohesion.
Justice: The role of the European Court of Justice should be reinforced as the heart of the federal judicial system. The second instance will remain in Luxembourg. The first instance should be strengthened by creating additional European federal courts of first instance at a local level, with at least one present in each member state.
Industrial policy: The European Federation should support European businesses operating in Europe and abroad with an effective federal industrial policy aimed at boosting innovation, increasing harmonisation of industrial rules and conditions across Europe and improving competitiveness.
Energy policy: The European Federation needs an energy policy that is sustainable and that effectively secures energy access throughout Europe.
Environment: The EFP believes that sustainable development is the basis for the future of European economic growth and considers environment as public good. The EFP will develop a complete strategy and a comprehensive environmental policy for the European Federation.
Research and Innovation is a primary source of economic and social development, and should receive stronger support by the European Federation.
Culture: European culture consists of a rich multitude of local expressions that must be preserved and promoted as a unique treasure and as the common ground of our identity.
Education: The EFP supports the highest level of education for its citizens, encourages innovation and research and promotes European identity and European mobility through initiatives such as the Erasmus exchange programme and sports exchange programmes.
Language: The EFP aims to establish English as the vehicular language of the European Federation.
(Adopted at the 2nd Convention of the European Federalist Party
Rome, 4th November 2012)
Editor's note: This is the first in a series of stories by InsideClimate News reporters exploring the future of the coal industry, Coal's Long Goodbye: Dispatches From the War on Carbon. It begins with this look at energy source projections in the U.S.
If coal were a medical patient, its prognosis would be creeping toward the critical list.
Despite the major forces trying to align to save it, coal's future as a major energy source is being attacked by a variety of pathogens: government regulations, market forces and moral arguments. As a result, government charts plotting coal's life expectancy look like the flat vital signs of a very sick patient.
Those charts don't even take into account President Obama's regulation to crack down on carbon emissions from the nation's nearly 600 coal-fired power plants, which will no doubt send the vital signs plunging.
The Energy Department's statistical arm, the Energy Information Administration, forecasts in its its latest annual energy outlook that U.S. coal production "remains below its 2008 level through 2040." And that is without weaving in the impact of the Clean Power Plan, because it hasn't yet taken effect.
For the next 15 years or so production might creep up, it said, but only by a fraction of a percent each year. Considering that production has dropped 16 percent between 2008 and 2013, that's hardly a robust recovery.
And then the tepid growth evaporates away. From 2030 on, the report said, demand for coal from its main users, electric power companies, would be essentially flat.
In this series of InsideClimate News stories, Coal's Long Goodbye, we explore the reasons for coal's bleak future, the forces aligning against it and what energy sources will likely replace it.
Coal's dwindling prospects reflect several main factors: the increasing weight of other environmental regulations, including new standards limiting mercury emissions and other toxic pollutants; the availability of cheap, relatively clean natural gas; steadily increasing energy efficiency, and the surging installations of renewable energy plants, especially wind and solar.
Agency officials have promised to produce another forecast later this month that will show how much coal production might vanish once the Environmental Protection Agency finalizes its proposed carbon regulation, the center pole in the tent of the Obama administration's climate action plan.
The Clean Power Plan aims to cut carbon dioxide emissions from power plants, the biggest source of the nation's greenhouse gas emissions, by 30 percent by 2030 from 2005. There's no chance of meeting that target—or the nation's international carbon pledge—without reducing coal consumption.
So the rule, EIA noted drily in its outlook, would have "a material impact on projected level of coal-fired generation."
Explaining the Coal Turmoil
The same glum message for coal comes through in all the EIA's forecasts—whether for the short term or the long term.
This year, natural gas is expected to supply 30 percent of the nation's electricity, up from 27 percent last year. At any time now, electricity produced from gas may surpass coal power—they are running neck and neck this year.
"EIA expects natural gas generation in April and May will almost reach the level of coal generation," the agency said on May 12, "resulting in the closest convergence in generation shares between the two fuels since April 2012."
U.S. coal production, as a result, is expected to fall by 7.1 percent in 2015. The amount of coal burned by electric plants will drop 6 percent. Already, unburned coal started to pile up at power plants this winter.
It's not just natural gas that threatens coal, however, according to a recent breakdown of new generating capacity.
The amount of renewable energy capacity coming on-line almost equals the amount of coal capacity going off-line. New gas capacity has helped compensate by providing the same steady reliable power that coal provided while the wind and sunshine come and go.
About 13 gigawatts of coal-fired generating capacity, more than 4 percent of the nation's 300 or so gigawatts of coal, is expected to retire this year. New wind plants will add 10 gigawatts. Solar will add 2 gigawatts more. Gas will provide another 6 gigawatts. (A gigawatt of electricity can power at least half a million homes.)
If electricity demand picks up next year, so will the use of coal—but not by as much as might be expected.
The coal plants that are shutting down are relatively small, old and inefficient. The plants that would ramp up to meet any new demand for power would be bigger, more modern and more efficient—and they would need less coal to make the same amount of electricity.
The retirements of coal plant that are currently washing over the industry were brought on by a rule that sets new mercury and air toxic standards—the MATS rule, which has just taken effect. (It has been challenged in the Supreme Court, which will rule shortly.)
The combination of the MATS rule and the competition from gas and renewables will lead utilities to shut down 31 gigawatts of coal fired boilers between 2014 and 2016, EIA has projected. Another 4 gigawatts would shift from coal to natural gas.
The Government Accountability Office, in a separate estimate last year, said that between 2012 and 2025 total retirements would amount to 42 gigawatts—that's 13 percent of total electric capacity nationwide. The plants that are shutting down, it said, are concentrated in four states: Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia.
Downgraded to Negative
To the extent that new power plant capacity is coming online—and that is not expected to happen as fast as it used to—new coal plants are not in the picture.
Plainly, this means that a lot of the money that consumers spend on electric bills will ultimately go to gas producers, not coal producers.
In 2040, 55 percent of the money utilities spend on fuel will go to natural gas companies, and only 35 percent to coal companies. In recent years, the two have been running neck and neck.
Coal's financiers are taking note.
In March, the Moody's debt rating service downgraded the outlook for North American coal to negative, predicting that earnings would "drop 6 percent to 8 percent over the next year or so."
Peabody Energy, by far the biggest U.S. producer, said in its latest quarterly earnings statement that after watching power companies' consumption wither in the first quarter, it had cut its own forecasts for U.S. demand, which it now sees dropping by up to 100 million tons this year. The fall-off in production would continue in the second half of this year, it said.
This month, Bank of America said it would be cutting back on lending to the industry. Its stance was aimed at confronting climate change and recognized the risks of lending to an industry whose assets might be stranded.
The decline in coal's fortunes has been welcomed by environmentalist campaigners, although they say it's not happening fast enough to keep the world within its carbon budget. At current rates of fossil fuel-burning, the world will exceed within a few decades the emissions limit that might keep the planet within the 2 degrees Celsius safe threshold this century. To hit that target, emissions of carbon dioxide from the energy sector have to decline rapidly, and eventually reach zero.
As negotiations continue toward a possible climate treaty in Paris later this year, the U.S. has said it will cut emissions 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. That would require doubling its average recent pace of reductions, from 1.2 percent per year on average during the 2005-2020 period to 2.3-2.8 percent per year on average between 2020 and 2025.
Because it omits the influence of the EPA's Clean Power Plan from its forecasts, the EIA projections don't show any drop in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Instead, its business-as-usual outlook shows that emissions—which had been on a downward path since 2005, and then rose a bit—will go up gently in the next couple of years, then drift along a long, steady horizontal path.
That shouldn't be too surprising. Until there are strong new policies in place to restrain the burning of fossil fuels, it's unlikely that the market's invisible hand will get the desired results.
Composer Meredith Willson and President John F. Kennedy
Composer Meredith Willson and President John F. Kennedy
Millennials probably find the commercials quaint if not puzzling, but to those like me who started school in the 1960s, Apple's “Chicken Fat” ads bring back memories of sweaty kids in shorts and sneakers doing sit-ups and jumping jacks in the school gym.
Ahead of the launch of its own health tracking software in iOS 8, Apple is plugging the iPhone's capabilities as a fitness companion. In a new commercial, a variety of iPhone 5s owners make use of various wellness apps already available for the device, such as the Nike+ Running app, a golfing app that measures an athlete's swing and a pedometer app. Apple's own health software, called HealthKit, arrives as part of iOS 8 this fall.
The goofy-but-dead-earnest song featured in the spot is “Chicken Fat.” The song was written and recorded as part of President John F. Kennedy's fitness program and sent to schools around the country to rouse kids into exercising, and if you think that anything like that attempted today by President Obama would be met with howls of scorn and fury as some kind of socialist mind-control plot I am sure you'd be right. Just consider the relentless criticism leveled at Michelle Obama for daring to suggest American kids might eat more sensibly.
Kennedy showed his commitment to improving the nation's fitness even before he took the oath of office. An article, “The Soft American”, by Kennedy, published in the December 26, 1960, issue of Sports Illustrated, established four points as the basis of his proposed program, including a White House Committee on Health and Fitness, direct oversight by the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, an annual Youth Fitness Congress to be attended by state governors, and the assertion that physical fitness was very much the business of the federal government. Chew on that a while, right-wing pundits.
Within a month of his inauguration, President Kennedy spoke at the Conference on Physical Fitness of Youth. Under Kennedy, the President's Council would not only spread the word to Americans about the importance of physical fitness for youth but would also conduct youth fitness surveys, publish fitness information, and offer technical advice to schools and communities about how to improve physical fitness not only for youth but for Americans of any age.
While the Council did not have the authority to impose a national physical fitness program, state and local leaders indicated to the Council that they would welcome guidance. President Kennedy selected Charles "Bud" Wilkinson, athletic director and football coach at the University of Oklahoma, as the first Physical Fitness Consultant to the President.
Initiating a national publicity campaign on physical fitness, the administration produced material for print, radio, television, and display advertising. For broadcast alone, 650 television kits and 3,500 radio kits were sent out. The physical fitness theme even appeared in the comics pages, as major syndicated cartoonists, including Charles Schulz, took up the subject in support of the campaign.
The most memorable contribution to the effort, though, surely has to be the "Chicken Fat" song. Upon hearing about Kennedy's initiative, legendary Broadway composer Meredith Willson (“The Music Man”, “The Unsinkable Molly Brown”) contacted Fitness Council administrator Dick Snider with an offer to write, free of charge, a song that could be used to promote exercise for children. The offer accepted, Willson consulted with Physical Fitness Council director Ted Forbes, to ensure that the song would provide a good workout. Willson tapped “Music Man” star Robert Preston, to sing the number. Preston likewise waived any payment for his performance. Capitol Records agreed to provide musicians, chorus and recording studio time at their expense, as well as picking up the tab for handling the pressing and distribution of the record.
“At a White House reception,” Dick Snyder once revealed, “Kennedy told us he liked the song, but every time he heard it he thought of ‘chicken shit,' and he wondered if maybe we shouldn't change the title. We said we'd talk to Willson about it, but we never did.”
Robert Preston
Recorded in early 1962 during sessions for the soundtrack of the movie version of “The Music Man,” "Chicken Fat" was produced in a 2:12 “Disc Jockey Version” version and a six-and-a-half-minute “School Version” to accompany schoolchildren during calisthenics. Accompanied by an orchestral marching band and full chorus, Preston delivers a knockout vocal performance.Capitol Records shipped three million copies of the 7-inch, 33 1/3 RPM record (CF-1000, for collectors) to public schools across the United States and also serviced the song to radio stations.
The song didn't get much airplay, but if you went to school through the 1960s and into the 1970s the chorus of "Go, you chicken fat, go!" has been deeply etched into your subconscious.
Unless you lived in Detroit. Delia Hussey, Superintendent of Health and Physical Education for the Detroit Public Schools decreed that "Chicken Fat" sounded “tinny and jazzy”, and “the words are not exactly in good taste for school children.” Citing offensive lyrics such as “nuts to the flabby guys,” Hussey banned the recording from being played in the Detroit public school system. “The record doesn't fit in with my philosophy of education or with our fine physical education program. No voice recording with a fixed pattern of exercises can leave room for individual growth and day-by-day progression. We like to use a teacher. That's what they're for.”
"Tinny and jazzy"? Whatever. That song has been haunting my brain for 50 years now. Thanks, Apple, for reviving old memories, and for reminding me I've got a little chicken fat of my own to attend to. Nuts to the flabby guys, let's cue up that record!
Image copyright Traffic Scotland Image caption Snow showers followed Thursday's high winds and heavy rain
All power supplies lost in Scotland due to Storm Abigail are expected to be restored overnight.
However, SSE Power Distribution warned that further power cuts could take place due to lightning.
At its height, 20,000 properties were affected with about 500 customers still affected in the Western Isles, Shetland, Skye, Colonsay, Argyll and Angus on Friday afternoon.
The storm brought gusts of up to 84mph to parts of Scotland.
All schools on the Western Isles and Shetland were closed on Friday for safety reasons.
High winds and rain were followed by wintry showers which affected driving conditions on the A9 at the Slochd in the Highlands.
Image copyright PA Image caption Waves crashing in at Saltcoats in Ayrshire
Hills, including mountain tops in the Cairngorms and Lochaber, had fresh falls of snow.
On Friday night, an SSE Power Distribution spokesman said: "We expect all customers affected by Storm Abigail to be back on supply tonight.
"More faults are likely on Friday night due to lightning, possibly causing further power cuts to our customers.
"Our engineers will continue to work into the night to repair any faults. We would like to apologise to any customers who have experienced a power cut and we thank them for their patience and understanding while we worked hard to restore their power.'
Lightning strikes were the main cause of the problems on Friday.
Image caption Repairs being made to wind-blown damage in Shetland
The Met Office had an amber "be prepared" warning in place on Thursday for northern and western Scotland, but this was later downgraded .
Ferry operator Caledonian MacBrayne said 23 of its 26 services on the Clyde and Hebrides network had been disrupted.
A number of Northlink's Northern Isles ferry services were also affected. Early morning sailings between Stromness and Scrabster were cancelled.
On Thursday, a ferry travelling from Skye to Raasay was prevented from docking for three hours due to stormy conditions.
The journey would normally have taken 20 minutes, but CalMac confirmed the vessel - which had five Portree High School pupils on board - was at sea for longer than usual.
Image copyright Della Cheshire Image caption A ferry, just visible in this picture, with five school pupils onboard had to contend with bad weather earlier on Thursday
Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team rescued a hillwalker who attempted to climb Ben Nevis via Observatory Gully as the weather closed in.
After the operation on Thursday evening, the team posted on social media that "on the scale of difficulty this route is certain death".
The casualty was found with chest injuries and lowered to safety at about 20:30.
The team added: "A very difficult rescue in atrocious weather with a very good outcome."
Further yellow warnings have been issued for central and southern Scotland for Saturday into the early hours of Monday and there are warnings of heavy rain.
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency has warned of the risk of flooding over the next few days.
Image caption BBC weather watcher Angela took this picture from near her home on Skye
Check out the latest travel news for Scotland
Image copyright PA
Around the country
For the latest on the roads visit the BBC's travel news page and keep up to date with incidents and roadworks on the motorways here.
Around the country you can check for updates from:
Alternatively, for regular travel bulletins listen live to BBC Radio Scotland and follow @BBCTravelScot.
In times of severe disruption you can also follow the BBC Scotland severe weather Twitter list of key sources.
Below are a number of other traffic information sources.
Other links
By early on Thursday evening, the strongest gust recorded by the Met Office was 75mph, on South Uist.
Shortly after 19:00, police in the Western Isles tweeted: "Most roads in the Southern Isles are affected by High Winds and water - if your journey is not necessary please stay at home meantime."
SSE Power Distribution warned that "a significant number of customers will wake up tomorrow with no power".
Police reported a number of trees down across Dumfries and Galloway and there was disruption to some west coast rail services.
Abigail is the first storm to be officially named by the Met Office.
Earlier this year the Met Office asked the public for suggestions for name suggestions.
The storm's approach has been tracked by BBC Weather Watchers. View their pictures here.
Follow the course of Storm Abigail in maps
In many states, funding for schools is determined by a complicated formula that adjusts the basic per pupil funding according to set of factors like how many students are considered “at-risk,” receive bilingual services, ride buses or whether enrollment is declining. A bill awaiting Gov. Sam Brownback's signature would bypass the school funding formula for the next two years in favor of block grants to districts.
Proponents of the bill say that the current funding formula is too inflexible, over-complicated, and allows districts to receive funding for an inflated number of students. Defenders of the formula say it may not be perfect, but it allows students and districts facing greater challenges to receive increased funding.
To get a sense of how the formula works (or doesn't), try your hand at calculating Olathe's state funding for the 2014/2015 school year using the above formula and the following figures*:
Olathe School District Figures
(round all answers to the nearest tenth)
Adjusted Enrollment (including 4-year-old at-risk) 27,682.8
Number of Students on Free Lunch Program (At-Risk) 6,236
Low/High Enrollment Factor (use 0.03504)
FTE Virtual Students 0
Amount of Special Education Aid 25,134,307.2
Cost of Living Authorized Tax Levy 5,739,366
Voc. Ed Enrollment 850.2
Bilingual Ed. Enrollment 1148.41
New Facilities 422.3
At Risk 0**
F(Cost of Transportation) 578.9
Number of Students Traveling >= 2.5 miles 5777
Declining Enrollment Authorized Tax Levy 0
Ancillary School Facilities Authorized Tax Levy 9,406,691.3
Calculate the “Total Weighted FTE” and then multiply by $3811 base per pupil funding to find how much Olathe should receive from the state of Kansas for the 2014/2015 school year.
ANSWERS:
Total Weighted FTE = 43,927.7
General Fund Budget = $167,408,464.70
* These numbers are drawn from public budget documents, but may not be exact.
** This is not to say Olathe has no at-risk students; it's for districts with a high concentration of them.
Charlotte Sports Venues Clarify Transgender Policy for Public Bathrooms
With just a few emails, a local trans activist in this North Carolina city was able to get clarity — and equality — from major sports venues.
Yes, there are transgender people who like attending sports events.
So, an activist in sports-centric North Carolina has waged a personal crusade to clarify the policies at sports stadiums, arenas and race tracks on bathroom access.
“People who are transgender or LGBT, we are football fans, too,” said Janice Covington Allison, a local transgender activist, to the Charlotte LGBT website Qnotes. And, Allison said, they sometimes have to use the bathroom.
Because of her efforts, all the major venues — Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, N.C., the Carolina Panthers' Bank of America Stadium and the Charlotte Knights' BB&T Ballpark — have gone on the record to say that transgender patrons can use the restrooms consistent with their gender identity.
The issue of which bathrooms transgender people use remains a hot-button issue nationwide, one The Advocate has covered extensively. There have been Twitter campaigns to argue a trans man no more belongs in the women's restroom than a trans woman belongs in the men's, such as #WeJustNeedToPee.
Charlotte's City Council voted down a proposed LGBT-inclusive public accommodations ordinance on March 2. Following the vote, Allison and a trans girl were challenged by anti-LGBT activists, when they tried to use the ladies room in the government center building, as The Advocate reported.
City Manager Ron Carlee later told Allison that transgender people may use the restroom consistent with their gender identity in city owned buildings — including the government center, Bojangles' Coliseum, Charlotte-Douglas International Airport, the convention center and others. That response is what inspired Allison to try other places, Qnotes reports.
Bank of America Stadium responded to Allison by email last month:
“After 20 years of operations, we undoubtedly have had transgender persons attend events here and, presumably, they have used the restroom of the gender with which they identify,” wrote the stadium's director of operations, Scott Paul. “Bank of America has facilities for women and men, and we have family/unisex restrooms throughout the stadium for attendees with small children or for those who desire more privacy. Please plan to use the facilities in which you feel most comfortable.”
BB&T Ballpark echoed that sentiment a few days later.
“The Knights do not have a policy concerning restroom access for transgender patrons,” wrote Charlotte Knights Executive Vice President/COO Dan Rajkowski in an email on June 29. “Patrons are free to choose restrooms at BB&T Ballpark based on their gender identity.”
And, just this week, Allison heard from Charlotte Motor Speedway, her employer. She's worked at the speedway for more than two decades, as part of the maintenance team and then teaching motorsports safety as a fire coordinator.
“All persons are welcome at Charlotte Motor Speedway,” the venue's Guest Services department wrote in a letter dated July 17. “We do not have a specific restroom policy and we do monitor the facilities for orderly conduct. If you plan to join us for an event, please use the restroom for the gender with which you identify.”
But in Charlotte, some smaller businesses — including local restaurant chain Nobles Restaurants and a real estate development company called Vision Ventures — remain deadset against LGBT-inclusive public accommodations. Owners of several companies signed a public letter to the city council in February opposing the idea.
A report on war crimes committed by Kiev's army and militia in eastern Ukraine is now available in English. It's compiled by Russia's Investigative Committee and covers 54 criminal cases.
The report, entitled ‘The Tragedy of South-Eastern Ukraine: The White Book of Crimes', was initially published last year in Russian and edited by Investigative Committee Chairman Aleksandr Bastrykin.
Some 2,500 volumes of evidence collected for the book include testimonies of over 100,000 witnesses.
Investigation Committee published the White Book of crimes committed in south-eastern #Ukrainehttp://t.co/Z28kS3srcZpic.twitter.com/HdnWPQdniO — MFA Russia (@mfa_russia) 4 августа 2015
“The book provides evidence of international and transnational crimes committed on the territory of Ukraine, collected by Russia's Investigative Committee dealing with the relevant criminal proceedings, as well as records of international organizations on the matter and comments of scholars specializing in international law,” said committee spokesman Vladimir Markin.
Wednesday's presentation of the book in English was aimed at attracting the attention of the international public to the problem of combating international crimes in Ukraine. Representatives of 14 foreign states, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross and the International Organization for Migration were invited to take part.
Read more
“The presentation highlighted the discoveries made by the Investigative Committee during its probe into the war crimes and other offences against the peace and security of the people in Ukraine, including the attack on the Russian Embassy in Kiev,” Markin added.
During the presentation, the Committee exposed those involved in the alleged crimes, as well as the sources they based the report on. Among other issues, they raised the question of transferring the collected evidence to the international justice authorities, so that they could decide whether Kiev should be brought to justice.
Markin stressed that the electronic versions of both Russian and English editions of the publication will be available on the official website of the Investigative Committee in the nearest future.
The agency dealing with the war crimes in Donbass was created as part of Russia's Investigative Committee in 2014. It works closely with all departments that operate in areas where the majority of refugees from the southeast of Ukraine arrive in Russia.
Kiev's "special operation" in the east of Ukraine aimed at suppressing the protest movement in the Donbass Region has been in progress since the middle of April 2014.
The operation brought about numerous civilian casualties and the general destruction of local infrastructure: according to the UN figures for December 2015, more than 9,000 people died in the conflict and some 20 thousand more were injured. Over 1.3 million lost their homes, as stated in the previous UN report published in August.
Ex-Cubs reliever Kyle Farnsworth joins minor-league football team
Former Cubs reliever Kyle Farnsworth exchanged his baseball spikes for football cleats.
Getting ready for tonight!!! pic.twitter.com/RYZ5oVXHmc — Kyle Farnsworth (@24_7Farnsworth) March 7, 2015
Farnsworth retired from Major League Baseball in 2014 after 16 seasons and joined the Florida Football Alliance, a minor-league football league, as a member of the Orlando Phantoms. Farnsworth was known for his 100-mph fastball, but now he's known as a sack master.
At 6-foot-4, 230 pounds, Farnsworth is a defensive lineman for the Phantoms and leads the team with 41 tackles and 11 sacks in 11 games.
So you want to play Quarterback!! Watch your blindside!! pic.twitter.com/TmAC8DzVT4 — Kyle Farnsworth (@24_7Farnsworth) March 15, 2015
Swim move! Gotcha!! Here I come!! https://t.co/zaZxVl1eO7 — Kyle Farnsworth (@24_7Farnsworth) January 15, 2015
Farnsworth's 2015 performance stood out in the FFA, and he was selected to the FFA All-Star team. The all-star game will be held May 31 at the Daytona Beach Municipal Stadium in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Just to make it official, it's true I have been playing football for the @Orlando_Phantom in the @FFAFootball . It's been awesome! — Kyle Farnsworth (@24_7Farnsworth) May 6, 2015
Defensive line is a perfect position for Farnsworth after the form tackle he laid on former Reds pitcher Paul Wilson.
Even though Farnsworth retired from the MLB, the 39-year-old said he's still baseball ready.
By Jessie Daniels Trump's candidacy appears to have closed the gap between right-wing extremists like longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke and the mainstream in a single campaign cycle. But as someone who has spent more than twenty years studying white supremacist rhetoric before and after the Internet, I view Trump's rise differently. It is not new but rather a continuation of a trend that has been sped up and amplified by social media.This trend involves people hijacking topics that are considered closed in mainstream society and opening them up to debate. Today, this debate happens on Twitter. It gains momentum when cable media feeds them back to the general public. This is why the sharing of a white-supremacist meme should not come as a surprise. It is hardly news.In the early 1990s, I made copies of hundreds of publications from groups like David Duke's National Association for the Advancement of White People and the Ku Klux Klan, which at the time meant travelling to an archive of printed newsletters at the Southern Poverty Law Center . What I copied back then was strange, but eerily familiar.The language of these extremist groups was very similar to mainstream political talking points from the early 1990s. When placed side-by-side, David Duke's call to value European American heritage did not sound that different from conservative political commentator Patrick Buchanan's 1992 culture war speech. And it was not only the case on the political right, either. Bill Clinton's vilification of hip-hop artist Sister Souljah shared the extremist view of African American women as particularly threatening to society.At the same time, my students were also beginning to encounter white supremacist sites through search terms like “KKK” and even innocuous terms like “Martin Luther King.” These students were not being recruited, but something was happening that I wanted to study. By then, I didn't need to go to an archive, I could just log on to the Internet, where I discovered a different kind of attack on civil rights. The website Martin Luther King dot org appears to be a tribute site, but it is actually a white supremacist site. It is intended to undermine hard-won civil rights victories by questioning Dr. King's legacy.This is a strategy shared by the white nationalist accounts that Mr. Trump is prone to retweet. Rather than simply shouting racial epithets, white nationalists would rather engage in a “reasoned debate” about ideas that are considered settled in polite society. Notions of the inherent criminality or lasciviousness of black people, or the innate avarice of Jewish people or their “control of the media,” are topics that could be debated, were it not for “political correctness” of Trump and his followers.The innovation that Trump brings to white nationalism is to combine his persona from the “Apprentice,” edited to offer a facsimile of realness, with the unfiltered platform of Twitter. The cable news networks have augmented this by covering his tweets as if they are news, allowing him to be a call-in guest and featuring his campaigns events. Trump then leverages this media into political feelings. His gift is the ability to arouse a noxious farrago of emotions among white people, from white resentment and rage to the faux victimhood clustered in the phrase: “We cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.”There is a kind of naïveté among some writers covering Trump who are shocked at his success. But we should not be surprised. In the U.S., we cling to an illusion about our inevitable progress away from a past of slavery, Jim Crow segregation and overt racism. Some of us even hoped that electing the first African American president would mean a post-racial era, but the fact that Stormfront's servers crashed the night Obama was elected should have made us warier. Trump's broad appeal should remind us that white supremacy is neither new to the U.S. nor an aberration, but rather it is a consistent feature of our political landscape. Jessie Daniels , PhD is Professor of Sociology at Hunter College and The Graduate from Center, CUNY (Sociology, Critical Social Psychology). An internationally recognized expert in Internet expressions of racism. She is the author of two books about racism on either side of the digital revolution: Cyber Racism (Rowman & Littlefield, 2009) and White Lies (Routledge, 1997).Image courtesy of Gage Skidmore
For someone who doesn't like stock Vincents, Jeff Decker builds a mighty fine Black Lightning. He's a sculptor as well as a bike builder, and his eye for a line is evident with this beautiful salt racer. As these exclusive Horst Roesler shots reveal, Decker has managed to make the Vincent look fast even when it's standing still on the Bonneville salt flats.
Decker has received some flak over this bike from Vincent purists. But his Black Lightning is not one of the 30-odd bona fide factory bikes. He assembled it using period-correct salvaged parts supplied by luminaries such as Marty Dickerson and Mel Helde, Jr., who was Rollie Free's mechanic. And Decker has nothing to hide: “this bike really is a cobbled-together Frankenstein that I'm not ashamed of.”
At first glance, the Vincent DNA is obvious in this machine. Mostly in that huge engine. But park it next to a ‘real' Lightning, and the differences become obvious. The rider sits a full foot lower on the Schwinn Sting-Ray seat than on the stock machine. The tank is several inches narrower: indeed, only the footpegs and bars extend beyond the width of the engine. The headlight is from a 1970s Honda ATC, and complements the oversized speedo better than the bulky original lamp.
Cycle World profiled this machine in an excellent article a couple of months ago, and after a barrage of criticism, printed an excellent riposte from Paul d'Orleans.
As for me—I'd take Decker's Black Lightning over the original any day. Would you?
Images © Horst Roesler. With thanks. See more of Jeff Decker's work at his Hippodrome Studio site.
A chess piece, or chessman, is any of the six different movable objects used on a chessboard to play the game of chess.
Number of pieces [ edit ]
Each player begins with a total of sixteen pieces. The pieces that belong to each player are distinguished by color. The lighter colored pieces are referred to as "white," and the player that owns them, "White". The darker colored pieces are referred to as "black", and the player that owns them, "Black". The word "piece" has three meanings, depending on the context. The context should make the intended meaning clear (Burgess 2009:523) (Hooper & Whyld 1992:307).
It may mean any of the physical pieces of the set, including the pawns. When used this way, "piece" is synonymous with "chessman" (Hooper & Whyld 1992:307) or simply "man" (Hooper & Whyld 1987:200). In play, the term is usually used to exclude pawns, referring only to a queen, rook, bishop, knight, or king. In this context, the pieces can be broken down into three groups: major pieces (queen and rook), minor pieces (bishop and knight), and the king (Brace 1977:220). In phrases such as "winning a piece", "losing a piece" or "sacrificing a piece", it refers only to a bishop or knight. The queen, rook, and pawn are specified by name in these cases, for example, "winning a queen", "losing a rook", or "sacrificing a pawn" (Just & Burg 2003:5).
In the first context, each of the two players begins with the following sixteen pieces in a standard game:
1 king
1 queen
2 rooks
2 bishops
2 knights
8 pawns
Moves of the pieces [ edit ]
a b c d e f g h 8 8 7 7 6 6 5 5 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1 a b c d e f g h Chess starting position. Squares are referenced using algebraic notation
The rules of chess prescribe the types of move a player can make with each type of chess piece. Each piece type moves in a different way. During play, the players take turns moving one of their own chess pieces.
The rook moves any number of vacant squares forwards, backwards, left, or right in a straight line. It also takes part, along with the king, in a special move called castling.
The bishop moves any number of vacant squares diagonally in a straight line. Consequently, a bishop stays on squares of the same color throughout a game. The two bishops each player starts with move on squares of opposite colors.
The queen moves any number of vacant squares in any direction: forwards, backwards, left, right, or diagonally, in a straight line.
The king moves exactly one vacant square in any direction: forwards, backwards, left, right, or diagonally; however, it cannot move to a square that is under attack by an opponent, nor can a player make a move with another piece if it will leave the king in check. It also has a special move called castling, in which the king moves two squares towards one of its own rooks and in the same move, the rook jumps over the king to land on the square on the king's other side. Castling may only be performed if the king and rook involved have never previously been moved in the game, and only if there are no pieces between the rook and the king.
The knight moves on an extended diagonal from one corner of any 2×3 rectangle of squares to the furthest opposite corner. Consequently, the knight alternates its square color each time it moves. Other than the castling move described above where the rook jumps over the king, the knight is the only piece permitted to routinely jump over any intervening piece(s) when moving.
The pawn moves forward exactly one space, or optionally, two spaces when on its starting square, toward the opponent's side of the board. When there is an enemy piece one square diagonally ahead of the pawn, either left or right, then the pawn may capture that piece. A pawn can perform a special type of capture of an enemy pawn called en passant. If the pawn reaches a square on the back rank of the opponent, it promotes to the player's choice of a queen, rook, bishop, or knight (Just & Burg 2003:13–16).
Pieces other than pawns capture in the same way that they move. A capturing piece replaces the opponent piece on its square, except for an en passant capture. Captured pieces are immediately removed from the game. A square may hold only one piece at any given time. Except for castling and the knight's move, no piece may jump over another piece (Just & Burg 2003:13–16).
Chess sets [ edit ]
A St. George style set
Staunton pieces made of rosewood
Staunton pieces made of plastic
Staunton chess pieces on chess board with chess clock
Table sets [ edit ]
The variety of designs available is broad, from small cosmetic changes to highly abstract representations, to themed designs such as those that emulate the drawings from the works of Lewis Carroll, or modern treatments such as Star Trek or The Simpsons. Themed designs are generally intended for display purposes rather than actual play (Hooper & Whyld 1992:76). Some works of art are designs of chess sets, such as the modernist chess set by chess enthusiast and dadaist Man Ray, that is on display in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.[1]
Chess pieces used for play are usually figurines that are taller than they are wide. For example, a set of pieces designed for a chessboard with 2.25 inches (57 mm) squares typically have a king around 3.75 inches (95 mm) tall. Chess sets are available in a variety of designs, with the most well-known Staunton design, named after Howard Staunton, a 19th-century English chess player, and designed by Nathaniel Cooke. The first Staunton style sets were made in 1849 by Jaques of London (also known as John Jaques of London and Jaques and Son of London) (Just & Burg 2003:225).
Wooden White chess pieces are normally made of a light wood, boxwood, or sometimes maple. Black wooden pieces are made of a dark wood such as rosewood, ebony, red sandalwood, African Padauk wood (African padauk which is similar to red sandalwood and is marketed as Bud Rosewood or Blood Red Rosewood) or walnut. Sometimes they are made of boxwood and stained or painted black, brown, or red. Plastic white pieces are made of white or off-white plastic, and plastic black pieces are made of black or red plastic. Sometimes other materials are used, such as bone, ivory, or a composite material (Just & Burg 2003:224,226).
For actual play, pieces of the Staunton chess set design are standard. The height of the king should be between 3.35 to 4.13 inches (85 to 105 mm). United States Chess Federation rules call for a king height between 3.375 to 4.5 inches (85.7 to 114.3 mm). A height of about 3.75 to 4 inches (95 to 102 mm) is preferred by most players. The diameter of the king should be 40–50% of its height. The size of the other pieces should be in proportion to the king. The pieces should be well balanced such that their center of gravity is closer to the board. This is done by adding weights such as iron studs or lead blocks at the bottom and felted. It makes the pieces bottom heavy and do not topple easily (a well-weighted piece should come upright even if bent to 60 degrees off vertical axis). This helps in blitz game as the speed of movement doesn't offer enough time or precision in dropping the pieces onto the intended squares. The length of each side of the squares on the chessboard should be about 1.25–1.3 times the diameter of the base of the king, or 2 to 2.5 inches (51 to 64 mm). Squares of about 2.25 inches (57 mm) are normally well suited for pieces with the kings in the preferred size range. These criteria are from the United States Chess Federation's Official Rules of Chess, which is based on the Fédération Internationale des Échecs rules (Just & Burg 2003:224–27).
The grandmaster Larry Evans offered this advice on buying a set (Evans 1973:18):
Make sure the one you buy is easy on the eye, felt-based, and heavy (weighted). The men should be constructed so they don't come apart. ... The regulation board used by the U. S. Chess Federation is green and buff—never red and black. However, there are several good inlaid wood boards on the market. ... Avoid cheap equipment. Chess offers a lifetime of enjoyment for just a few dollars well spent at the outset.
Pocket and travel sets [ edit ]
Some small magnetic sets, designed to be compact and/or for travel, have pieces more like those used in shogi and xiangqi – each piece being a similar flat token, with a symbol printed on it to identify the piece type.
Computer images [ edit ]
On computers, chess pieces are often 2D symbols on a 2D board, although some programs have 3D graphics engines with more traditional designs of chess pieces.
Unicode contains symbols for chess pieces in both white and black.
Relative value [ edit ]
The value assigned to a piece attempts to represent the potential strength of the piece in the game. As the game develops, the relative values of the pieces will also change. A bishop positioned to control long, open diagonal spaces is usually more valuable than a knight stuck in a corner. Similar ideas apply to placing rooks on open files and knights on active, central squares . The standard valuation is one point for a pawn, three points for a knight or bishop, five points for a rook, and nine points for a queen (Hooper & Whyld 1992:438–39). These values are reliable in endgames, particularly with a limited number of pieces. But these values can change dramatically depending on the position, the phase of the game (opening, middle game, endings). A bishop pair for example, is worth half a pawn. In specific circumstances, the values may be quite different: A knight can be more valuable than a queen in a particular decisive attack.
Historical illustration [ edit ]
Courier Chess, a predecessor of modern chess, used all six chess pieces plus a courier, man (or rath or sage), and jester. Illustration of chess pieces used in Courier chess by Gustav Selenus from the book "Das Schach-Oder Königs-Spiel" (1616). Depicted are the king, queen, rook, archer (or bishop), knight, pawn (or soldier), courier, man (or rath or sage), and jester.
Piece names [ edit ]
Although the symbols for pieces have international standards, the characters implied by pieces' names vary between languages. For example, in many languages, the piece known in English as the "knight" is named a term that translates to "horse".
(Luiro 2009)
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Greetings Mechwarriors!
The time has come...
MechWarrior Online is going to be launched on Steam on December 10th, 2015!!!
With the winter holidays approaching along with this fantastic news, Piranha Games has decided to host a celebration for both the holidays and the Steam Launch!
This celebration will include a dinner party with PGI Developers and family at the Piranha Games studio in Vancouver, BC, Canada on Friday December 11th.
But that's not all....
For this 'Mech-tacular celebration, we would like to invite 50 members of the community to join our party in Vancouver! That's you!!
So if you're hyped and available to come over to our studio on December 11th, FILL IN THIS APPLICATION FORM!!!! The application form due date is November 16th.
Then, 50 application forms will be chosen and an email invitation will be sent out to those 50 people.
If you are one of the 50 to receive this email, you will be given 6 days to book your flight tickets to Vancouver and send us the receipt to finalize your invitation. (If you are local or near Vancouver, we will request your address and method of transport)
Once we receive your reply, we will confirm your invitation to the MechWarrior Online Steam Launch Party!
Note:
If we do not receive a reply from our first email to you within 6 days, we will send the invitation to someone else.
Hotel tip:
Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Center has reserved a block of rooms at a special rate of CAD$80 plus tax a night for the evening of December 11th. If you need a hotel room please call Sandman Hotel Vancouver City Center (604) 681-2211 or toll free 1 (800) 726-3626 and mention you are part of the Piranha Games party Reservation number 856386. This special rate is only available for bookings made before November 27th
The knockout, a fan favorite in any combat sport, is as beautiful as it is violent. While knockouts are clearly bad for the fighter on the receiving end, there may be strategic ramifications beyond what occurs to the brain that may impact fighters differently. In Knockout Ramifications: A Statistical View, Jason Burgos uses statistics rooted in case studies of Andre Arlovski and Alistair Overeem to explore the potential impact of knockouts on fighters' strategic approach. In contrast to his statistical analysis, this article will seek to explore the ramification of knockouts through the perspective of an athlete/coach with almost 25 years of experience in combat sports.
Famed leadership guru James Maxwell is quoted as saying, “Change is inevitable. Growth is Optional.” This seems apropos in a sport growing up in front of the eyes of the world. No major sports' growth in history is as clearly documented as that of MMA given the explosion of media and technology over the last few decades. As such, fans and fighters have been witness to the evolution (or lack thereof) of styles and fighters as MMA rapidly evolved from a jujitsu dominated sport to one controlled by true mixed martial artists who apply dynamic skill-sets balanced in striking and grappling arts.
Famed leadership guru James Maxwell is quoted as saying, “Change is inevitable. Growth is Optional.”
Styles have not only evolved throughout the history of the sport; they are also evolving within each fighter's history. This evolution can actually be measured using a widely established index called Herfindhal index. This index, commonly used as a strategic analysis from business market competition to industry alliances and warfare, has been applied in MMA and allows for increases in a fighters' versatility to actually be quantified. In fact, Hooman Estalami's book Predictors of Victory and Injury in Mixed Martial Arts Combat: A Scientific Study of Professional Fight Records, demonstrated many aspects of MMA can be measured, such as:
What are the effects of height and reach ‏advantage on a fighter's likelihood of winning an MMA fight?
Does age affect how a fighter wins?
Is there a hometown advantage?
Do fighters' pre-fight rituals affect the ‏way fights end?
Do southpaw fighters have an advantage ‏over their orthodox opponents?
How does a fighter's weight effect the ‏types of injuries experienced in a fight?
Are fighters from certain countries better than others? ‎‏
How accurately can fight outcomes be predicted? ‎
According to the study, as fighters age, the data suggests they become less likely to win and more likely to become injured. Specifically, fighters in their 30s have about a 50 percent higher chance of injury. Another compelling stat is that a fighter who has lost their previous fight is actually statistically more likely to win the next one. In terms of knockouts, 54.03 percent of heavyweight fights are ended by KO. Compare this with the 29.54 percent KO rate at featherweight, and it is clear that being a heavyweight is substantially more dangerous in terms of knockouts.
According to the study, as fighters age, the data suggests they become less likely to win and more likely to become injured.
Given the many variables involved in victory and injury, it becomes difficult to accurately predict whether a KO actually changes any fighter's strategy, or if there are other aspects at play like improved versatility through training, age, coaching, conditioning, a fighter's self-efficacy, etc. Because of the variability, my notions are completely subjective as they are based on my personal experiences as a professional MMA coach…not science. Many people believe knockouts are more likely to occur as a result of fighter absorbing an accumulation of punches as their career progresses. Others believe knockouts are more likely to occur as a result of psychological hurdles related to getting “caught” while sparring or fighting. While there are some patterns evident, science tells us two things that must be kept in mind related to this topic: getting hit in the head is bad, correlation is not causation. That being said, here are some of my thoughts:
Fighters who experience a “flash” knockout seem less impacted physically and psychologically.
Fighters who experience a concussive knockout (i.e. out cold, can't remember the fight) seem more impacted physically and psychologically.
Fighters who are knocked out later in their career seem more likely to question their age rather than their strategy. Some fighters (not all) are negatively impacted by a knockout and become “gun shy” as their self-efficacy (belief in their ability) is negatively impacted “Gun shy” fighters tend to be less relaxed, take less calculated risks, and throw less offense.
Fighters who are knocked out early in their careers seem more likely to question their strategy, not their ability or age. The more determined fighters use knockouts as a learning tool (i.e. crisis is opportunity).
Fighters with high self-efficacy are more likely to use knockouts as a learning tool. Fighters with high self-efficacy tend to be those who have many successful experiences sparring and fighting. Fighters with higher self-efficacy are more relaxed and tend to perform better than their less confident counterparts. Relaxed fighters get hurt less (think of the drunk who survives the car accident).
Fighters who base their style on athleticism seem to have a more difficult time coming back from a KO in their advanced age.
Fighters with longer reaches who routinely use their jab seem to absorb less punishment and therefore are able to maintain relevance longer in combat sports.
Fighters who have been “stunned” during sparring within proximity of a fight seem more susceptible to KO's in a fight.
Even with the large amount of data available coupled with my personal experience in the field, it's very hard to determine how being KO'd impacts fighters physically and mentally, and whether a fighter's strategy changes as a result of the brain rattling events. Or if it's simply a result of the evolution of the fighter and the sport. While it's interesting to analyze given the information available, advances in medicine and sports science will eventually tell a more accurate tale.
Boy, if we had a nickel for every time we heard this, we would be wealthy! This is why they call fibromyalgia an invisible illness; because looking at us from the outside only, you can't always tell.
Our smile hides our pain so often.
What DOES sick look like? We are used to sick people LOOKING sick – pale, thin, lethargic. We look like that a lot of the time, but you'll probably never see it. With a little makeup, and a lot of grit and determination, we look pretty good on the outside. We tend to push ourselves out, so most of the time people only SEE us when we're feeling pretty good – otherwise we hide at home.
It's like a woman who is pregnant. She may not look pregnant, but there are changes going on in her body; she senses them and finds them hard to describe at times. She is frequently tired and nauseous, smells really bother her, and her moods can be all over the place. Most of our symptoms are also hidden and not apparent to the people around us. We experience varying degrees of pain, mood shifts, indescribable fatigue, and unrefreshed sleep, just to mention a few.
I have to psych myself up when I go out. I put on some makeup, fix my hair, and basically just suck it up. Most of the time, unless you really know me, you might think I am tired because I would not look sick to you. That's the magic of our public persona. We put a lot of effort to appear “normal” when we are out and about or on the job.
Because we might not have understood the struggle ourselves until our illnesses hit, we know that unless others are touched by a chronic illness they can't fully understand. While we look fine on the outside, on the inside we are falling apart at the seams. And it really makes us feel isolated.
Fibromyalgia is known as an “invisible disease.” You can't see brain fog, digestive issues, muscle weakness; sensitivity to light, noise, and odors. But they are part of our “new normal” and while we may not look sick, we absolutely know we are.
It's time to redefine what sick looks like.
Note: Fibromyalgia News Today is strictly a news and information website about the disease. It does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. This content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website. The opinions expressed in this blog article are not those of Fibromyalgia News Today, or its parent company, BioNews Services, and are intended to spark discussion about issues pertaining to Fibromyalgia.
Conn Iggulden is a top notch novelist and The Gates of Rome is fast paced and absorbing. It is the story of young Julius Caesar, his arduous training for the rigors of the Roman soldiery and his early involvement in Roman politics at the side of his uncle Marius.
Maybe it's just me, but I prefer the history in my historical novels to have some resemblance to events as they actually happened, and for some reason, Iggulden chooses to depart substantially from the known occurrences of the time. Iggulden has read Plutarch and Suetonius and he knows that Caesar's mother, Aurelia was not a pathetic invalid but was a strong and formidable presence in Julius Caesar's life. He knows that Marius was not Aurelia's brother but was married to Julia, his father's sister, and that the marriage produced a son. He knows that Marius was not captured and killed in a battle for Rome against Sulla, but died in his bed during his last consulship. He knows all of this and yet chooses to present an entirely altered version of the history.
Iggulden tosses in tidbits of Roman history from time to time, but without any regard as to whether the statements are true. For example, this gem: “Even Hannibal had preferred to meet Roman legions in the field rather than assault the city itself. It had taken a man like Scipio to take his head and that of his brother.” Scipio took neither the head of Hannibal nor the head of his brother. Hannibal's brother died in the battle of Metaurus at the hands of the forces of Nero and Livius. Scipio was in Spain at the time. Even he couldn't be everywhere at once. As for Hannibal, he took poison to avoid capture by the Romans in 183 BC, the same year Scipio Africanus died at Liternum.
Iggulden even repeats the old canard that the Romans salted the earth around Carthage to prevent the city from ever rising again. There is no evidence in ancient literature that they did this. In fact, the pragmatic Romans would not have wasted salt, which was a precious resource, and would not have wanted to despoil land which could be farmed to feed the growing population of the empire. Twenty-five years after the destruction of Carthage, Gaius Gracchus, as tribune, attempted to found a Roman colony at Carthage. It failed for various reasons, but it wouldn't have been attempted if the ground had been salted. (The Romans finally rebuilt Carthage under Augustus.)
As I said, maybe it's just me, but I prefer my historical novels to stick to the historical facts as far as they can be gleaned from the literature.
Love it or hate it, the original Blade film was a milestone for Marvel. In a time where comic book movies weren't yet the cash-cow they've become nowadays, it seemed a big risk to create such a film based on a then obscure comic license, let alone making it R-rated. The movie performed fairly well in theaters, making nearly double its budget back. It then chartered an increase in interest in the Blade comics (which boasted an update in a style reminiscent of the now popular movies) as well as comics in general. This was reason enough to spurn a sequel, but not before a few more comic properties hit the big screen. Blade II was released about four years later with moderate success. The final film in the classic trilogy, Blade: Trinity, released a few years later and was not as successful as its predecessors. Even starring Ryan Reynolds as Hannibal King, and featuring the talents of popular stars such as Patton Oswalt and Jessica Biel, the third iteration was not enough to prevent the film from performing poorly at the box office.
Flash forward to today. After all of Wesley Snipes legal troubles with tax evasion and even burning bridges with his former collaborators, it seems we could be getting another Blade film. Since being released from his stint in prison from the previously mentioned legal woes, Snipes has gone on the record as saying he'd be up for another turn portraying Blade. He stated his time spent working on the Expendables franchise reinvigorated his interest in acting. He also said Michael B. Jordan and Idris Elba have been in talks to step into the vampire hunter's leather duds. It's up in the air who may portray the titular character in a new film, as Marvel/Disney has regained the movie rights for Blade back in 2013. There is even talks of gender-bending the story to introduce a female Blade into the MCU, which would make for a very interesting film.
With the new Ghost Rider movie somewhere on the horizon and Doctor Strange coming out later this year, it looks like the more dark and paranormal side of Marvel will be getting some more attention. Things are getting pretty interesting in our little MCU. What do you dudes think? Leave a comment letting us know who you would like to see playing Blade, male or female, and keep coming back for more nerd news! All I know is that there's a Blade TV show I need to check out!
Comments
New CTA Rail Cars Still Being Tested For Safety
Chicago's CTA rail service and its rail car manufacturer Bombardier Transportation are still conducting stress tests and X-rays to determine if there is metal fatigue on the new shipment of rail cars. On December 16, forty cars were pulled off of the Pink Line as a safety precaution and additional cars being manufactured were put on hold. CTA spokesmen decline to comment on the findings, saying that this testing is not a public process. However, the $1.14 billion order of 706 new rail cars is funded by taxpayer money. Scheduled to be completed in 2014 with 192 cars delivered in 2012, the project may need to be extended or canceled due to these setbacks.
The new 5000 Series Bombardier trains have a novel propulsion system that makes the ride smoother. The cars also feature electronic route maps and aisle-facing seats. Part of the steel wheel-bearing castings, the car's journal bearing housing, which contains the axles and wheels and allows the wheels to move independent of the axle, are the source of the problem. The journal bearing housing could develop cracks quickly and shorten the lifespan of the parts. To compensate for having these cars out of commission, the CTA has put its old rail cars, which were headed for the scrap pile, back into service. Some of these cars are more than 40 years old. The tests on the Bombardier's new deliveries will continue to be extensive in order to determine whether the parts are of high enough quality to be long-lasting. Robert Kelly, the president of Local 308 of the Amalgamated Transit Union, which represents CTA workers, told the Chicago Tribune that “these trains come with a warranty, and things did not fall into place the way they should with this contract. If Bombardier can't do the job, let's turn it over to people who can do the job, which is our employees.”
The Gear VR Innovator Edition has dropped to $100 from Samsung and Amazon ahead of the release of a lighter version expected to ship before late November.
The Innovator Edition of the Gear VR headset first shipped for the Note 4 late last year for $200. Then another Innovator Edition was released this year that works with the Samsung Galaxy S6. With the S6 version soon to be refreshed, it makes sense the Innovator Edition would see a price drop. The new version is expected to ship without the “Innovator Edition” moniker as Samsung begins a consumer push for mobile virtual reality. The new phone holder is said to be 22 percent lighter than the Innovator Edition and features a redesigned button pad on the side for interacting with menus and some games. The same headset will be compatible with the Note 5, S6 Edge+, S6 and S6 Edge.
Overall, this looks like a good time to buy an Innovator Edition if you've been holding out buying one for the Note 4, but if you have an S6 it would probably a good idea to wait just a little longer to get the new version. Of course, if there is excess inventory there's nothing keeping Samsung from dropping the price even more before the new one arrives, but there's no guarantee that will happen.
It's unclear how noticeable the differences will be between the Innovator Edition and consumer headset coming soon. The new version lacks a strap going over the head so it might be easier to put on and take off and the new pad on the side might make it easier to interact with menus and games that rely on the input method.
Tagged with: Amazon, gear vr, mobile VR, note 4, S6, samsung
Monday's attacks at The Ohio State University has students and administrators at college campuses across the country thinking about security. On July 1, public universities in Kansas will be required by state law to allow guns in every public building on campus. Not everyone on the campus is excited about the change. A campus survey shows about 80 percent of KU students don't like the idea of having guns on campus. “It's not the wild west anymore. It should be a lot safer,” said Meranda Martinez, a mother of two who is studying to be a counselor. “We shouldn't have to be carrying guns around with us.” She said she wants to help people like the suspect in the Ohio State University attack. “Obviously something must be wrong with whoever it was that did that,” she said. An armed officer stopped the Ohio State attacker from hurting any more people. At KU, of the dozens of people who spoke with KMBC 9 News, only two of them said they support the idea of having concealed guns on campus. Neither of them would go on camera. “They don't talk openly because they are getting exactly what they want,” said Chandler Boese, of the University Daily Kansan. A draft university-wide weapons policy has been submitted to the Board of Regents. You can read it here.
Monday's attacks at The Ohio State University has students and administrators at college campuses across the country thinking about security.
On July 1, public universities in Kansas will be required by state law to allow guns in every public building on campus.
Advertisement
Not everyone on the campus is excited about the change. A campus survey shows about 80 percent of KU students don't like the idea of having guns on campus.
“It's not the wild west anymore. It should be a lot safer,” said Meranda Martinez, a mother of two who is studying to be a counselor. “We shouldn't have to be carrying guns around with us.”
She said she wants to help people like the suspect in the Ohio State University attack.
“Obviously something must be wrong with whoever it was that did that,” she said.
An armed officer stopped the Ohio State attacker from hurting any more people.
At KU, of the dozens of people who spoke with KMBC 9 News, only two of them said they support the idea of having concealed guns on campus. Neither of them would go on camera.
“They don't talk openly because they are getting exactly what they want,” said Chandler Boese, of the University Daily Kansan.
A draft university-wide weapons policy has been submitted to the Board of Regents. You can read it here.
AlertMe
“On the Tenth of Tevet we will remember the millions we lost in the Holocaust,” my third-grade teacher told us, her voice low and grave. “And we will say kaddish for those whose date of death is unknown.” She raised her eyes, looking from one girl to the next. “Did you have relatives who died in the Holocaust?”
I didn't know it at the time, but this question would become an annual ritual. Every year at my all-girls Religious-Zionist school in Jerusalem, as soon as we'd come back from our Hanukkah vacation, tales of victorious Maccabees would be abruptly displaced by stories about ghettos and death camps. The testimonies would become more and more vivid over time. But every year, the lessons ended with the same question: “Did you have relatives who died in the Holocaust?”
That first year, I listened to my friends' accounts of their grandparents or second cousins or third-aunts-once-removed. But when my turn came around, I answered, “No.”
“Your grandfather, Simon Stieglitz, barely escaped the Nazi invasion,” my mother told me later that year. “He and his father joined the Red Army, but his father died almost immediately. Simon was left all alone in the world.”
I lay in bed, listening to the story, and tried to imagine my grandfather as he might have been at 16. Why did he choose to lie about his age and join the army? What was it like to leave behind everything he knew?
What I didn't ponder was who it was, exactly, that my grandfather left behind. Neither did I ask myself what the words “only he and his father escaped” implied, or why Stieglitz was “all alone in the world” after his father died. Everything but the young soldier with the brown eyes and the Polish accent faded into the background. I focused on my grandfather's wartime heroics and ignored everything else.
A year later, when my fourth-grade teacher asked if we lost any relatives in the Holocaust, I once again said “no.”
“I didn't know I was Jewish until I was 14,” my mother told me one evening, her fingers stroking my hair. “But I knew that there was a secret in our lives, that something was unsaid.” One day, she and her older brother were exploring their home in Siberia, and opened a locked closet door. They found a large leather portfolio, full of letters addressed to their father and signed by official-sounding entities like the Red Cross. The letters contained lists of people who shared their last name, and alien phrases like “Jew,” “Holocaust,” and “fate unknown.”
“We put the letters back and went to play elsewhere,” my mother said. “My father must have inquired after the people in the lists, but he never spoke about them. He buried it all within himself.”
I barely listened to that part of story. I was too caught up in my mother and uncle's adventure, and the exciting suggestion that their childhood was shrouded in secrets. I conjured a detailed picture of the two of them in my mind. I imagined their faces, young and curious, as they faced that closed door. I could practically taste their excitement as they opened the portfolio, and then as the letters—their first real clue—spilled onto their laps. I was so lost in this real-life detective story that the meaning of the lists and names completely slipped my mind. Once again, my mother's story didn't stop me from saying “no” in class.
I continued saying “no” for years, well into high school. But then, one day, everything changed. I was thinking about the old stories, idly gliding through their twists and turns, when the words “escaped alone” brought me to a screeching halt. I straightened in my chair and terrible questions flooded my mind, questions I never considered before: Who didn't escape? Simon's mother, his brothers, sisters? How many did he even have?
I looked back at the family narrative, and felt oddly adrift. Loss overshadowed my grandfather's wartime adventures and my mother's childhood explorations. I could no longer hear the exciting stories of my grandfather's escape without thinking of death.
That year, when my teacher asked, “Did you have relatives who died in the Holocaust?” I said “yes” for the very first time.
I sat there in class, my short “yes” still hanging in the air, and realized that I had nothing more to add. My friends filled the gloomy silence with stories about their deceased relatives. They mentioned this-great-grandma's legendary cooking or that-great-uncle's town of birth. But I had nothing to say.
“I think my father couldn't handle the memories,” my mother explained when I came home that afternoon. “The annihilation of everything and everyone he knew broke him. He didn't want to have anything to do with the past anymore. He wasn't alone, you know—many people who survived the Holocaust couldn't bring themselves to speak about it.”
My mother and uncle pieced together the contours of their father's history from little facts they uncovered here and there. They knew that Simon Stieglitz came from a yeshiva background, and that his Polish-Jewish family made it as far as Ukraine, probably all the way to Dnepropetrovsk. Sometime after Simon and his father joined the war effort, the invading Nazis and their Ukrainian collaborators slaughtered the Jews in the city. But we never found out what exactly happened to our relatives. We never even discovered who they were.
That night I lay awake in bed and thought about my relatives. Did I look like them? What sort of people were they? What did they love and hate, what did they value? Did any of those lost Stieglitzes share my mother's smile or my late uncle's sense of humor? The more I wondered, the angrier I became. How could my grandfather steal these memories from us? What gave him the right?
In 1948, Israel's Chief Rabbinate defined the Tenth of Tevet—a fast day originally commemorating the siege of Jerusalem by Babylonia's King Nebuchadnezzar more than 2,600 years ago—as a day to commemorate the Holocaust in general, and those victims whose date of death is unknown in particular. In the case of my grandfather's family, the date of their deaths was only one of many things that remained unknown.
Time passed, and my resentment festered. I could no longer think of my grandfather as a heroic soldier, or as a courageous boy striving to survive. The broken man who closed that closet door took their place in my imagination. I pitied him. I grieved for him. But I couldn't think of him without remembering my mother's hopeful attempts to learn more about her roots. I thought of that day she told me about, long ago in her childhood, when her father sang a lullaby in Yiddish but left the room as soon as she asked him how he knew the words. I thought of her sadness when she described to me her father's refusal to support her application for an immigration visa to Israel and mentioned his absence from my parents' illegal Jewish wedding ceremony in Moscow. I thought of the wistful look in her eyes when she came back from a trip to Dnepropetrovsk a few years back. She hoped to learn more about her family, but because of my grandfather's silence, she didn't even have names to look for in the local archives. I thought of her disappointment every time, and remembered my grandfather with anger and, at best, with slightly disdainful compassion. But I never remembered him with pride.
Over the years I reconstructed our family story in my mind, and relegated Simon Stieglitz to a supporting role. He was the man who set the stage for my mother and uncle's journey of discovery, by hiding their roots. When they discovered that they were Jews in their teens, he was also the man who urged them to hide that truth and live a lie. But from that point on, Michael and Natasha Stieglitz's journey took central stage, as they pursued their heritage through research and learning, and immigrated to the Jewish State. Simon's disapproval and attempts to stop them didn't even earn him the villain's role in the story: What were one man's paltry efforts compared with the Iron Curtain itself?
My mother walked off the plane into Israel's sunlight and felt instantly at home. She learned more about Jewish history and customs and became religious. But while the distant Jewish past was easy enough to explore, she never learned more about her family's recent history. Her father continued to withhold information to his dying day. He refused to share any details or names, anything that could be used to search through databases. We never stopped trying: My parents recently commissioned a researcher to look for clues in my grandfather's military papers. We are waiting to hear from him, hoping against hope that this time, finally, we will learn more.
When my children were born here in Israel, I felt like they were yet another victory in our ongoing family journey. So many forces tried to keep us away from our roots and our identity. The pogroms, the Holocaust, the Soviet regime, my own grandfather—all tried their best, and all ultimately failed.
But when I held my sleeping infants in my arms, I also thought of everything we lost along the way. My children are our family's future, but they will never know their whole past. Were there ever little Stieglitzes with my daughter's curls? Did any of them have dimples like my son's? One day, I knew, my children's teachers will ask them if they lost any relatives in the Holocaust. And my children will have nothing to say but a short, barren “yes.”
At first, these thoughts resurrected my old resentment in all its bitterness. But as my babies grew into toddlers, I learned what it meant to love one's children. And one day I looked back at my grandfather's choices, and understood what I was too blind to see before.
Yes, Simon Stieglitz buried the boy he used to be—the 16-year-old boy with the payos—deep within the loyal Soviet citizen he wanted to become. And yes, he buried all his memories, too. But he didn't merely do so as a son and brother choosing to forget his family, or as a broken individual, too weak to face the past. He did it also as a protective father, who had his children's best interests at heart.
My grandfather raised children in Stalin's Russia, where anti-Semitism was widespread and annihilation was an ever-present threat. His Jewish roots marked his parents and siblings for slaughter. They doomed him to live his life forever haunted by lingering questions, and memories of bitter loss. Is it truly so surprising that Simon Stieglitz wanted to protect his children from the same threats and burdens? Was it so unreasonable of him to try and give them a clean slate?
When my grandfather closed that closet door, he doomed his past family to oblivion, and his future family to ignorance. But first and foremost, he doomed himself to years of carrying his memories alone. He was willing to suffer if it meant that his children could live under the sun, happy and relatively safe. I'm not sure I would have had the courage, or the fortitude, to do the same.
When the Tenth of Tevet comes—this year, it falls on Jan. 8—I can't tell my children about the relatives we lost in the Holocaust. But I can and will tell them about their great-grandfather. I will tell them that he was both a war hero and a haunted victim, a son who chose silence and a father who wanted his children to lie. But even though I think his decisions were wrong, and even though I regret their consequences, I can't ignore one salient fact: Simon Stieglitz was a man who sacrificed his own needs for his children's well-being. Such a man, such an ancestor, deserves our respect and our pride.
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Rachel Sharansky Danziger is a Jerusalem-based writer. She blogs about parenting, Judaism and life in Israel for the Times of Israel and on her personal blog.
A "reasonable framework," AT&T calls the Verizon/Google net neutrality proposal. The comment came from AT&T's Ralph de la Vega, the telco's CEO for wireless, speaking at a technology and telecommunications conference in Boston yesterday. De la Vega says the company supports most of the concept.
On Monday, Verizon and Google published a set of recommendations to Congress for an open Internet law. The suggestions include exempting wireless broadband from any kind of nondiscrimination and prioritization rules, plus an exemption carve-out for "additional or differentiated services" an ISP might offer.
"It is too soon to predict how these new services will develop," both companies explained, "but examples might include health care monitoring, the smart grid, advanced educational services, or new entertainment and gaming options."
Begging the question
While the debate over this proposal over the Web has been pretty viral, only a trickle of reaction has come from companies that might be affected by these rules.
Facebook has an official statement that has been making the rounds:
"Facebook continues to support principles of net neutrality for both landline and wireless networks," the company says. "Preserving an open Internet that is accessible to innovators—regardless of their size or wealth—will promote a vibrant and competitive marketplace where consumers have ultimate control over the content and services delivered through their Internet connections."
That's not a direct commentary on the Verizon/Google concept, although this is:
"It is certainly concerning to me that there is language being used about the 'public Internet'," a former Facebook employee told The New York Times. "That begs the question about what is not the public Internet."
Meanwhile Barry Diller of IAC has called the plan a sham. The proposal "doesn't preserve 'net neutrality,' full stop, or anything like it," he commented to the Times.
Diller, who worked with Federal Communications Commission Chair Julius Genachowski for a spell back in Genachowski's dot-com days, is also a member of the Open Internet Coalition—a consortium of companies and public interest groups that support net neutrality.
The coalition includes Facebook, IAC, eBay, Netflix, and Google, as well as various public interest groups. OIC hasn't published a statement on the Google/Verizon proposal on its website, although an interview with Diller on the concept is front and center.
Does not alleviate
As for those public interest groups, over two dozen of them released a statement this morning urging Genachowski to pretty much ignore the Google/Verizon proposal and forge ahead with his plan to partially classify ISPs as common carriers.
"The Google/Verizon announcement does not in any way alleviate the need for the Commission to act to protect consumers, small businesses, students, creators, innovators, investors and others that depend on an open, vibrant Internet," their letter to the FCC declared.
No word yet on what the FCC is going to do about all this. Only one Commissioner, Michael Copps, has released an official statement on the proposal, and he's against it.
"Some will claim this announcement moves the discussion forward," Copps declared. "That's one of its many problems. It is time to move a decision forward—a decision to reassert FCC authority over broadband telecommunications, to guarantee an open Internet now and forever, and to put the interests of consumers in front of the interests of giant corporations."
The FCC's next Open Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, September 23.
Mitch McConnell walks from the Senate Chamber after gaveling open a special session. Senate fails to save PATRIOT Act Key provisions have expired – at least for a few days.
Key parts of the PATRIOT Act expired at midnight after a bitterly divided Senate adjourned after failing to reach agreement during a rare Sunday session to extend the anti-terrorism law.
The Senate did vote overwhelmingly to advance the USA Freedom Act, a House-passed surveillance reform bill that GOP leaders opposed but were forced to accept given the lack of time and other alternatives. But Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) refused to allow that measure to be adopted in time to replace the expiring PATRIOT Act provisions.
Story Continued Below
The USA Freedom Act easily cleared a filibuster in a 77-17 vote that appeared to set the stage for eventual passage. But it was not the outcome envisioned by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell: He had hoped to pass a temporary extension of current law to avoid a midnight shutdown of three PATRIOT Act programs, including the controversial “bulk data” phone record collection program.
But Paul wouldn't relent, so those initiatives have at least temporarily lapsed, a troubling development for Senate Republicans in just their fifth month in the majority.
“All of us are extremely concerned about the program going dark at a time when the terrorist threat is very high,” said Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine).
The Senate will vote next to end debate Tuesday on the House bill and on amendments intended to make it more palatable to Senate hawks. Those will likely extend a transition period to the new bill beyond six months and require additional certifications to the reformed data collection program.
Until then, three surveillance authorities will be nullified. And the House will still have to reconcile with the Senate over any changes later this week.
McConnell has already submitted a set of amendments to the measure. One relatively uncontroversial proposal, submitted with Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.), would require telecommunications companies to notify the government if they plan to hold onto call records for less than 18 months. Another would to require the director of national intelligence to certify that the new process for obtaining business records effectively protects national security.
But other amendments may face significant resistance in the Senate and House, including a provision that would give the NSA six more months to wind down its bulk phone records collection program, and another that would gut the bill's effort to make public any significant opinions from the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
All four are slated to get a vote after the Senate votes to end debate Tuesday, leaving the bill for now on the doorstep of success but not a done deal, even as Washington clamors for a swift resolution.
“We call on the Senate to ensure this irresponsible lapse in authorities is as short-lived as possible,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest. “Individual senators must put aside their partisan motivations and act swiftly.”
Paul seemed unconcerned: Through his presidential campaign, he said his successful, if temporary, victory “will not relinquish functions necessary for protecting national security.”
A visibly angry McConnell made a last-ditch attempt to keep the expiring provisions on life support on Sunday evening. He moved to extend for two weeks less controversial wire-tapping and “lone wolf” terrorist provisions, only to be rebuffed by his Kentucky colleague. Responding on the Senate floor, McConnell ripped what he called “demagoguery” surrounding the PATRIOT Act debate.
Though McConnell had pressed Republicans to oppose the House bill earlier last month, he said the alternative — letting the PATRIOT Act provisions expire — “would mean disarming completely and arbitrarily, based on a campaign of disinformation.”
“It's a totally unacceptable outcome. We won't be doing that,” McConnell said, staring at Paul at times during the stern speech, which was interrupted by Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts' “Frozen” phone ringtone. “We're left with Option 2, the House-passed bill. It's not ideal but, along with votes on some modest amendments that attempt to ensure the program can actually work as promised, it's now the only realistic way forward.”
After the vote, Paul took to the floor to criticize the House bill, which would extend the PATRIOT Act but make major changes to bulk data programs exposed by Edward Snowden. Paul acknowledged that the bill will eventually pass despite his opposition even as he asserted that “the PATRIOT Act will expire tonight.”
“It concerns me that the president [who] supports bulk data collection and has been performing it illegally for six years is supporting this bill,” Paul said. “It's hard for me to have trust in the people we are giving great power to.”
McConnell laid out out his strategy during a closed-door Republican meeting on Sunday afternoon. He indicated he would try to fix what he believes are problems with the House bill, which would make telecom companies responsible for bulk data collection.
Paul was not present at the party meeting, and it was clear his colleagues were tiring of the presidential candidate's campaign against swift passage of any surveillance legislation. Before he objected to McConnell's last-ditch effort, Paul was shouted down by his fellow Republicans as he attempted to give another speech against government surveillance.
And McConnell lashed the “determined opposition from those who simply wish to end this counterterrorism program altogether” — a clear reference to Paul, the leader of that opposition.
“It's worrying for our country. Because the nature of the threat we face is serious, it's aggressive, it's sophisticated, it's geographically dispersed, and it's not going away,” McConnell said.
Sources said the USA Freedom Act, with or without amendments, could be approved as early as Tuesday or Wednesday even if Paul continues his fight. But McConnell had vowed not to let the programs lapse, hoping that the June 1 deadline would pressure the Senate to act as he pushed trade legislation through the Senate first.
In reaction to McConnell's quandary, Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) blasted his successor's leadership of the Senate, including his decision to wait to take up the PATRIOT Act until just before its key provisions were set to expire.
“The job of the leader is to have a plan. In this case, it is clear the majority leader simply didn't have a plan,” Reid said on the Senate floor. “The majority leader, though, had five months during the time he's been majority leader to coordinate with the House, which passed (surveillance) reform weeks ago, but instead he went it alone. In fact, it appears as if the House and the Senate Republican leaders are on completely different pages.”
Indeed, Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), who shepherded a surveillance reform bill through the House by an overwhelming margin earlier this month, urged McConnell to take up the USA Freedom Act on Sunday night.
Burr, the Intelligence Committee chairman and an ally of McConnell, predicted the House bill would pass but “not in its current form.”
Tempers flared as the debate unfolded. Senators were called back to Washington early from their Memorial Day vacation to address the issue, and most of their ire was directed at Paul.
“The way we work in the Senate, at least we used to, is we have compromises. And compromises may have to be made,” said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) of McConnell's change of position on the House bill. “That is not Sen. Paul's M.O.”
Paul has been asking McConnell to allow him to have two votes on his privacy amendments, including one that would kill bulk data collection altogether, at simple majority thresholds rather than at a 60-vote threshold. It's a demand most senators will not agree to. Reid said Democrats “would agree to take” up the amendments Paul had demanded before the Memorial Day recess, assuming they are “limited to two.” Reid said he and Paul did not discuss Paul's demands that they be considered on a 51-vote threshold.
But it appeared that Republicans were more focused on amending the House-passed bill than trying to placate Paul at this point. They are concerned that the phone companies will shirk the bulk data collection program prescribed by the bill and want a longer transition period to the new setup than the six-month period that the House bill affords.
“There'll be some amendments to strengthen the House bill and hopefully we'll get that passed before the week's out,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas). The amendments, he added, “make a lot of sense.”
The Obama administration has warned repeatedly of serious national security risks if the PATRIOT Act provisions expired. Officials said that process began happening at 8 p.m. Sunday as the Senate sputtered in trying to find agreement.
If the Senate passes anything other than the USA Freedom Act, the House will have to greenlight it as well. House lawmakers return to Washington on Monday evening and will have to decide if any changes made by McConnell are acceptable.
Alex Byers and Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
Two high-ranking Russian diplomats will hold talks with representatives of Syria's opposition in Geneva on Tuesday, one of the diplomats said Monday.
GENEVA, June 25 (RIA Novosti) - Two high-ranking Russian diplomats will hold talks with representatives of Syria's opposition in Geneva on Tuesday, one of the diplomats said Monday.
The meeting that will involve Russian deputy foreign ministers Mikhail Bogdanov and Gennady Gatilov will take place as part of the preparation for an international conference on Syria, due to be held in Geneva this summer.
“Representatives of two Syrian opposition groups will come from Paris,” Bogdanov told journalists. “One of the groups is the National Coordination Committee… They will specially arrive to meet with us.”
The deputy foreign minister declined to name the other opposition group.
“We would like the Syrian opposition to be represented adequately and in full at the conference,” he said.
In May, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and US Secretary of State John Kerry proposed holding a second international conference on Syria. The planned gathering has been dubbed “Geneva 2” because the first such conference on Syria was held in Geneva last summer.
More than 90,000 people have died since fighting broke out between Syrian government forces and rebel groups in March 2011, according to the latest UN figures.
Russia, along with China, has faced widespread condemnation over its refusal to approve UN sanctions against Syrian President Bashar Assad's regime. Moscow has repeatedly stated that it has no interest in seeing Assad remain at the helm, but is concerned that a power vacuum would lead to more violence.
Ottawa Fury FC has locked up two more key players for the 2017 season, the club's first in the United Soccer League.
Fury FC announced on Wednesday that midfielder Ryan Williams and defender Onua Obasi will be back.
"Obasi is a unique player. Somebody of his size with feet that good is quite incredible," said Fury FC coach Paul Dalglish. "His defensive and offensive abilities 1v1 are as good as anybody in the league."
After missing the first part of the spring season while helping the Baltimore Blast capture the MASL championship, Obasi was a welcomed addition to Ottawa's backline.
The 6-foot-4 Englishman sustained an Achilles injury that saw him miss most of the fall season, but he completed the year with 15 games played and more than 1,000 minutes played.
Williams made his presence known with clutch plays in the fall season, scoring four goals, recording 17 shots on goal and earning a spot on the NASL Team of the Week three times in the span of a month.
"We saw Ryan's qualities in the latter part of the season," added Dalglish. "I'm very confident that with a full pre-season behind him and coming back with fresh ideas, Ryan will be an even better player for us next year."
By Ouyang Shijia Editor: Jane Wang
Two female managers discuss business development strategy at an office in Beijing. [China Daily]
Women now hold almost a third of management roles in companies in Asia, with China particularly standing out due to its booming economic development, according to a recent report by specialist recruitment group Hays.
The survey of more than 3,000 employers across Japan, the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore, found women held 31 percent of management roles in Asia, compared to 29 percent reported last year.
The Chinese mainland and Malaysia fared well, with the highest percent of management roles held by women in the region, both at 35 percent. China has increased the number by 3 percent, while the figure in Malaysia fell by 2 percent from last year.
The report also noted that Hong Kong ranked third with 33 percent of women in managerial positions with a 5 percent rise from last year, which reported the largest increase in the region. Singapore followed with 31 percent, and Japan fared worst with only 22 percent of management positions filled by women.
Christine Wright, Managing Director of Hays in Asia, said: "It's worth noticing that China has led Asia for the number of management roles held by women consistently in the past five years. This reflects both the rapid pace of economic growth and the skills shortages in China's fast-growing service industries. Employers who are firmly focused on finding the right talent to support their business growth are more likely to offer management opportunities to female candidates based on their abilities."
According to Hays, employers should encourage female employees' career aspirations and implement gender diversity policies.
Wright said employers should recognize the benefits of a gender diverse workforce and maintain clear development plans to keep and promote their top female talent.
She said: "From a talent management perspective, working in more diverse teams can broaden employees experience, expose them to international markets and management practices, facilitate innovation and develop a culture that is based on merit."
She added that addressing gender equality needs to be more than just a box-ticking exercise.
In a separate survey conducted by global accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers, more than half of 3,934 women with recent experiences of the jobs market from 70 countries said they will value the active diversity progress when deciding whether or not to accept a job offer.
The report found that it was not enough to simply include diversity as part of the corporate brand; and enterprises should strive to implement diversity polices and help female talents to overcome difficulties they confronted.
PwC Global Diversity Leader Sharmila Karve, said: "In today's highly competitive job market, it is incumbent on every organization to make sure they are meeting the needs of the modern workforce, in particular the woman of today who is truly a trailblazer. Women today are looking for much more from their careers than previous generations. Organizations need to keep up if they are to secure the talent they need to grow their business."
The report also noted that 78 percent of large organizations in the globe were actively seeking to recruit more women, especially for more experienced and senior positions. And it said the competition for female talents would rise to a whole new level in the future.
(Source: China Daily)
Close
There are both state and federal incentives for purchasing an electric vehicle.
However, some states are more equipped to accommodate EV owners than others. That being said, the Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs recently compiled a list of the most electric car-friendly cities in the United States, with Portland taking the top spot. Surprised?
Rounding out the top five spots is Washington, D.C., New York City, Baltimore and Denver. The bottom half of the top 10 spots on the list went to Los Angeles, Atlanta, Chicago, Austin and San Francisco. While California counts two cities within the top 10, we were surprised that neither cracked the top five spots.
"Some cities are doing more to encourage PEV ownership than others by installing new public charging infrastructure and offering various sorts of incentives," researcher Saba Siddiki told Charged, an electric vehicles magazine. "PEV owners enjoy free parking in downtown Nashville and are exempt from all parking fees in Honolulu. Portland has streamlined the often complicated permitting process for home-based chargers. In Austin, PEV drivers can subscribe to unlimited use of 250 public charging stations located around the city for less than $5 per month."
Now, that's a deal.
Still, gas prices sliding might have an effect on people purchasing EVs, helping to spread the adoption of the technology.
"With gas prices dropping, consumers have less of a financial incentive to buy a PEV," researcher Kyle Clark-Sutton also told Charged. "It is crucial for cities to create receptive policy environments for purchasing and operating an electric car. If they don't, we won't see the technology's promise as a means of climate change mitigation fully realized."
Portland, Washington, D.C., New York City, Baltimore, Denver and Los Angeles all offer incentives for buying electric vehicles and charging equipment, with four of the six also offering customers time-of-use electricity rates. No surprise here, but the top cities on the list also have ample charging stations for owners.
Other cities on the 36-city list include Boston, Houston, Indianapolis, Orlando, San Diego, Seattle, San Jose, Hartford, Phoenix and Fort Worth.
With gas prices as low as they are right now, is going electric still on your mind?
TAG Electric Cars
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
What I have attempted to describe so far are termed ‘vanilla' neural nets [I call them Normie Nets because a) It's sounds funky and b) I have a cringey sense of humour — Shoutout to Mr Action Slacks]. They take a state in, they predict a state out. So what's wrong with Normies?
Normie nets are like goldfish. They have no memory. You can use a Normie net to to predict last-pick. However if you then want to predict first pick….you need to make a whole new Normie Net and train it from scratch!
If you want a network that can accurately predict all phase picks and bans, this set-up is no good. How can it learn whether Earthshaker is usually 1st pick or 5th pick, when it just sees “Earthshaker was picked/Earthshaker wasn't picked”.
To predict all phases we need to spice up our network. Somehow we need to let it know what order heroes are pick/banned in. People a lot cleverer than me already figured out a solid way to do this. It's called a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). RNN's are neural nets you feed a sequence of inputs, rather than one at a time.
Wait, what is a Dota draft again?
Yep, it's simply a sequence of picks and bans! This sounds like precisely what we need.
Going on a tangent about RNN's
Recurrent neurals nets are sick! You can create AI that closely imitates Shakespear [Some dude who did a lot of plays [like films but shit] in olden times], programming languages, scientific papers, music…etc etc. I originally learnt about them from the amazing examples in http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/
After reading this I realised that a Dota draft is very similar to text generation. Dota drafting is like a language where every word has a length of 20 letters[picks and bans], written from 113 different possible letters [heroes].
This blog post https://chunml.github.io/ChunML.github.io/project/Creating-Text-Generator-Using-Recurrent-Neural-Network/ was immensely helpful for implementing recurrent neural nets in python/keras.
Choosing a model architecture
The model was given very little constraints. For example, I did not tell the model that it should not try and pick a hero that had already been picked or banned. I wanted to see if the model could learn the structure of Dota 2 drafting by itself.
Initially this seems fairly trivial, however that is because as humans we see a drafting screen with helpful indicators, as well as experience playing the game ourself and being blocked from picking a banned hero.
All the neural network sees are sequences of 20 numbers, from 1–113. If you were just given cryptic long lists of such a wide range of numbers…would you be able to spot no number can appear twice in a sequence?
Eventually yes, but it'd take you a while. This may just be my opinion, but when it comes to machine learning, humans still learn way faster than machines on the same amount of data (We have 100 billion neurons in our brain. My recurrent neural net has several hundred. Humans are slightly imba tbh.)
Where machines get the upper-hand, is that they can process thousands or millions of examples in a second. Something that would take a human months or years. Therefore eventually the net could learn to never try and pick a banned hero, but it relies on two conditions:
1) We have a sufficiently complex network to learn it
2) We have enough matches as examples to work this out
For 1), what do we mean by complex network?
Rather than the simple Input -> Neurons -> Outputs of Fig. 2; it's possible to have multiple layers of neurons
Input -> Neurons -> Neurons -> Neurons -> Outputs
The input data is piped into one layer of neurons, which do their calculations before sending it into another layer of neurons. We can go through as many layers of neurons as we want, before finally deciding to make a prediction in the output layer.
Having multiple layers is where the ‘deep' in deep learning comes from. The more layers our network has, the more deep it is.
Therefore to imitate the complex behaviour and set of possibilities in Dota drafting, I used 3 separate layers of neurons.
I Read that it's a good idea to put plenty of images in blogs to break up the text, rendering the material more easily consumable by the viewer. Please continue to consume this blog post after having glanced at this picture and read this caption.
Issue 2) is what led to my decision to include the ‘Amateur' recorded DotA 2 team games, to bring match count total to nearly 90,000.
How many neurons to put in each layer?
There's not really a right or wrong answer here. Most initial machine learning architecture design seems to come down to gut feeling or experience.
It seems there is no single way to determine your correct network architecture, you just try as many different ones as possible. Whichever model comes out with the highest validation accuracy, that's the model you go for.
[This concept also applies to how many layers of neurons to use. Try different depths, until you find a good compromise between accuracy vs. (training speed + overfitting)]
Overfitting: Your model complexity is too big compared to size of training data. This results in the model just blindly copying drafts it has seen before, pick for pick; rather than properly learning concepts that can be used to make sensible picks.
What's Validation accuracy?
Machine learning has 3 different types of accuracy:
Training accuracy: How accurate the model is on the data being used to train the model. If you think about it, after enough training this value always becomes high. Imagine seeing an OG vs EG draft, using a time-machine to go back 5 minutes. And then predicting the draft you've already seen. Nobody is impressed by this [The prediction part, people would be impressed by the time machine I think]. If someone tells you they have 99% training accuracy and expect you to be impressed you can tell them to jog on.
Validation accuracy: Part of the data we gather is held back, not used for training, but used for validation. The model doesn't learn on validation data. It just tests itself against it after the training is complete. This gives us an idea of true accuracy of the model when it comes to making predictions on new matches
Test accuracy: Similar to validation accuracy. The model doesn't learn on this either. However the validation data came from the same time-frame of matches as the training data did. The DotA meta constantly shifts over time. If a new patch hits, our model will be out-dated and our validation accuracy will be far above the True accuracy. This Test accuracy is the True accuracy. We can use future matches as our Test data, to calculate the True accuracy of the model
But how do you know which architectures have enough realistic potential to be worth testing? Fuck knows. I think with experience deep-learning professionals develop decent ‘gut-feelings'. As a noob I don't have those, so I just randomly started with several hundred neurons in each lawyer because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
So that's what I've been doing for the past few weeks. The final example you see in my code, may be really inefficient compared to other possible setups. However it's the most accurate from all those I tested.
Enough fancy machine learning bullshit…Results!
Here is a nice log summary of the recurrent neural network.
This run was not the most accurate setup achieved but was close. Best runs scored high 11% validation accuracies, maintaining them for a decent duration.
Epoch number 1
Training Accuracy: 6.91% - Validation Accuracy: 8.29%
Pick:
Ogre Magi, Keeper of the Light, Bristleback, Phantom Assassin, Lina VS
Jakiro, Drow Ranger, Vengeful Spirit, Viper, Venomancer
Ban:
Morphling, Invoker, Viper, Vengeful Spirit, Nature's Prophet
VS
Tinker, Keeper of the Light, Sniper, Sniper, Sniper
Last pick accuracy: 8.2 %
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epoch number 2
Accuracy: 9.91% - Validation Accuracy: 9.71%
Pick:
Earthshaker, Shadow Shaman, Clockwerk, Puck, Anti-Mage
VS
Night Stalker, Ancient Apparition, Sand King, Invoker, Phantom Lancer
Ban:
Nature's Prophet, Venomancer, Faceless Void, Sven, Anti-Mage
VS
Necrophos, Lich, Viper, Bloodseeker, Anti-Mage
Last pick accuracy: 9.1 %
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epoch number 3
Training Accuracy: 10.86% - Validation Accuracy: 10.18%
Pick:
Lich, Clockwerk, Legion Commander, Troll Warlord, Queen of Pain
VS
Earthshaker, Shadow Shaman, Clockwerk, Ursa, Tinker
Ban:
Oracle, Venomancer, Nature's Prophet, Bloodseeker, Invoker
VS
Necrophos, Night Stalker, Viper, Faceless Void, Queen of Pain
Last pick accuracy: 9.5 %
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epoch number 4
Training Accuracy: 11.53% - Validation Accuracy: 10.76%
Pick:
Disruptor, Ogre Magi, Slardar, Lifestealer, Shadow Fiend
VS
Jakiro, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Viper, Undying
Ban:
Storm Spirit, Invoker, Drow Ranger, Luna, Troll Warlord
VS
Tinker, Bristleback, Sniper, Zeus, Lina
Last pick accuracy: 9.7 %
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epoch number 5
Training Accuracy: 12.09% - Validation Accuracy: 11.23%
Pick:
Ogre Magi, Disruptor, Magnus, Juggernaut, Storm Spirit
VS
Jakiro, Vengeful Spirit, Weaver, Viper, Witch Doctor
Ban:
Slark, Invoker, Drow Ranger, Luna, Outworld Devourer
VS
Tinker, Bristleback, Sniper, Zeus, Queen of Pain
Last pick accuracy: 10.7 %
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epoch number 6
Training Accuracy: 12.58% - Validation Accuracy: 10.95%
Pick:
Jakiro, Slardar, Dazzle, Viper, Huskar
VS
Undying, Weaver, Witch Doctor, Necrophos, Nature's Prophet
Ban:
Abaddon, Bristleback, Drow Ranger, Vengeful Spirit, Troll Warlord
VS
Tinker, Sniper, Keeper of the Light, Zeus, Ursa
Last pick accuracy: 10.2 %
*Note 1st banned hero is simply a randomly selected hero. Not a 'predicted' hero. Every hero in the draft thereafter is a prediction based on heroes that came before it.
You can see that in first training epoch,
Training Epoch: When I said earlier we loop through every draft updating the weights as we go. Often one loop through our data isn't enough time to update the connection weights to their optimal values [optimal values are just whatever weights produce the highest accuracy].
Therefore we do multiple loops through our training data. Each loop is called an ‘epoch'. It got it's name from machine-learning researchers being insane; finding it necessary to create a brand-new fancy lord-of-the-rings sounding term for every single little fucking concept they use.
we have quite a few duplicates. Sniper gets banned 3 times. Viper duplicated. Venge duplicated.
This might not be instantly obvious, because it manages to learn so much in the first epoch!
However if you lower the learning rate, the first epoch comes out like:
Pick:
Earthshaker, Keeper of the Light, Io, Necrophos, Lich
VS
Earthshaker, Earthshaker, Earthshaker, Faceless Void, Faceless Void
Ban:
Tinker, Tinker, Faceless Void, Faceless Void, Juggernaut
VS
Sven, Invoker, Tinker, Invoker, Invoker
Noticeably poorer drafting.
We cannot let it run for ever, to a state where it almost never duplicates, because as seen in the final epoch log line; our validation accuracy has actually started going down! We are now starting to overfit our data and further training is making our model worse!
Summary
Produces realistic looking drafts
Produces more sensible drafts than 99% of pub players
11% validation accuracy
11% kind of sucks in comparison to Winter. Humanity is safe*
Model does not quite fully learn it can never pick banned heroes. It does get close, genuinely trying not to pick duplicates
*I am making the assumption analysts have considerably greater than 11% accuracy, based on my gut feeling from watching a lot of DotA 2 tournaments. Human draft prediction accuracy is hard to measure definitively, because analysts are more likely to put forward pick suggestions, when they are more confident in them.
I have the impression today that there is now widespread knowledge of and discomfort with the special relationship inside the U.S. but an inability to express these views. Some evidence: The Palm Beach Post reports on a Democratic Party official in Florida who doesn't like the occupation but sure learned to keep her mouth shut about it. Note that a Jewish party chair interpreted these criticisms as anti-Semitic, and the offending official then accepted that charge.
Ask yourself what would have happened to her if emails came out in which she had criticized the American presence in Afghanistan– would she have lost her post?
Evelyn Garcia, a member of the Democratic National Committee from Palm Beach County, resigned the post Monday after emails surfaced in which she sharply criticized Israel's treatment of Palestinians. Garcia, a candidate for the State House of Representatives from District 88, which includes parts of West Palm Beach and Riviera Beach, said she would continue to campaign for that seat. She apologized for her remarks and called them “ugly” and “hurtful.” … Some of the [emails] appear to have been written to a South Florida Congressional aide. “The continued Israeli occupation of Palestine is ugly on moral, ethical, religious and legal grounds,” Garcia said in an email dated July 26, 2011. “Palestinians had nothing to do with the holocaust and it is time that this guilt trip was taken off their backs…. And I deeply resent U.S. taxpayer funds being used to continue Israeli aggression.” In that same email, Garcia accused Israel of confiscating land and building illegal settlements in occupied territories, as well as “incursions that kill people, destroy civilian homes and infrastructure all over; mass concentration prison camps, etc.” …County Democratic Party Chairman Mark Alan Siegel accepted Garcia's resignation Monday afternoon. He called the emails “grossly inappropriate.”… In a separate statement emailed later Friday to The Palm Beach Post, Garcia said: “My comments were not only inappropriate and hurtful, they are exactly the kind of ugly rhetoric that is not conducive to the overall atmosphere needed to create a prosperous peace and security for both parties. I apologize to anyone I offended and to my friends in the Democratic Party, in particular, members of the Jewish faith whom I have worked with for years.”
June27 2011 1
WASHINGTON -- Republicans on a House Energy and Commerce Committee panel on Thursday overrode vigorous Democratic objections and took the apparently unprecedented step of authorizing subpoenas for internal White House communications related to a $500 million taxpayer loan guarantee for the failed solar company Solyndra.
Rep. Diana DeGette of Colorado, ranking Democrat on the panel, called it a "sad day" for the committee and "an act of irresponsible partisanship," stressing that the committee had never before subpoenaed the White House.
Republicans said they had hoped to avoid the step but that the committee's long-running investigation had failed to get to the bottom of why Solyndra, which collapsed in August and is now under criminal investigation, was selected to receive the Obama administration's first loan guarantee under the stimulus act. President Barack Obama last year visited the company's California operation, whose biggest investors were venture capital funds linked to Tulsa billionaire George Kaiser, a major Obama fundraiser.
Some Republicans have questioned whether the administration rushed stimulus funding out the door to benefit its political supporters. On Oct. 14, the White House told the committee that it would not comply with a request for all internal White House communications regarding the Solyndra loan.
Following the vote, a White House official said the administration had cooperated extensively with the committee's investigation, producing more than 85,000 pages of documents, including 20,000 pages Thursday afternoon, and having administration officials provide multiple briefings and hearings.
"The White House has also already provided over 900 pages of documents in response to requests we have received. And all of the materials that have been disclosed affirm what we said on day one: This was a merit-based decision made by the Department of Energy," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said.
Solyndra, a Silicon Valley solar panel maker, was a centerpiece of Obama's initiative to develop clean technologies and received the program's first loan guarantee, for $535 million. It later collapsed.
By Rajrishi Singhal
Cultural, historical and religious affinity often masks the ordinary Nepali's simmering political discontent against India. It erupts and manifests itself sharply during any internal crisis in Nepal. This deep-seated antagonism towards India was further stoked by Nepal government's insinuations (corroborated by Nepal's media) that India was blocking the supply of essential goods into Nepal during the recent Madhesi agitation.
In a break with tradition, Nepal Prime Minister K P Sharma Oli proposed a visit to China for his maiden foreign tour, post- assumption of office.
Advertisement
There were numerous blunders by India also, including the delays in using alternate supply routes to provide essential goods to Nepal. This intensified Nepal's economic suffering during the Madhesi agitation.
However, it seems like pragmatism and better sense has prevailed on both sides.
PM Oli visited New Delhi in February 2016 (before visiting China in March), and signed a bunch of MoUs with Prime Minister Modi. Nepal also commenced a public diplomacy initiative to improve communication, as well as to inform and engage the Indian civil society on the multiple areas of bilateral cooperation. As part of the exercise, an inaugural discussion on ‘Nepal's Reconstruction Agenda – Opportunities and Challenges' was held in New Delhi on April 13, 2016. Stakeholder inputs from the discussion will be used for commissioning further research.
Advertisement
The discussion was centred on the participation of the international community in reconstruction efforts, the economics of a drawn-out reconstruction exercise, the areas of collaboration between India and Nepal, and, how to incorporate efficiencies into India's monetary and non-monetary support given towards Nepal.
There was a common thread running through the deliberations; the centrality or importance, of the local knowledge and the indigenous technologies for the reconstruction efforts. To that extent, there was an emphasis given to the fact that the international aid agencies should desist from super-imposing global disaster-management solutions that are divorced from Nepal's cultural, social and architectural inheritance.
The public diplomacy programme comes at the right time. Nepal's political and social stability is in India's interest, given the long and porous border between both the countries.
Advertisement
Nepal faces enormous challenges in its post-disaster reconstruction and rehabilitation programme, which is estimated to cost around $7 billion. India has pledged to administer a sum of $1 billion as reconstruction aid, 40% of which is in the form of grants and the balance as soft loans.
Another $1 billion was promised during PM Modi's visit in April 2015 through Lines of Credit (LOCs, concessional loans for projects identified by Nepal, disbursed by Exim Bank of India and guaranteed by both the governments). Many of these lines will probably get allocated for the quake-related infrastructure works.
This is the third LOC sanctioned by India, with two earlier tranches totalling $350 million. Many projects under the earlier tranche have been delayed due to either capacity deficits, or bureaucratic hurdles, on both sides. The discussion focused on how the new $1 billion LOC tranche could be used expeditiously and efficiently, with regard to the lessons learnt from earlier LOCs, for re-building both physical and social infrastructure.
Advertisement
Physical infrastructure, especially roads and power generation and distribution is critical for reconstruction of the quake-affected areas. While the Madhesi agitation forced the Nepal government to explore alternate supply routes, and Oli signed agreements with China to allow Nepal to export and import through Chinese ports, it will be some time before Nepal can seriously think of using China as a trade corridor.
There was an unanimity observed during the discussion that transporting petroleum products across the China border is uneconomic, given that the challenging terrain of the Himalayan range impedes smooth movement of large oil tankers.
India, on the other hand, has deployed Vishakhapatnam as an additional transit port for Nepal's foreign trade. Currently, Nepal's imports transit through Kolkata port only.
Advertisement
Participants at the public diplomacy forum were also informed that the Oli government has started addressing domestic misgivings over the Nepal-India power trade. A 132kv line from Muzaffarpur, India, has already started supplying 80mv of power to Nepal; this capacity is expected to be upgraded to allow the transmission of 600mv by 2017. The transmission lines being laid for this project will be used by Nepal for both export and import of power, especially once the hydro-electrical projects are completed.
India and Nepal not only share a 1750km long, porous border but also a unique people-to-people relationship (many Nepali citizens, for example, own land and property in India). India is also Nepal's largest trade partner and contributor of foreign direct investment (FDI).
Although, political gamesmanship often vitiates this deep association. It is unfortunate that the egregious, short-term political objectives have now necessitated a public diplomacy programme on a bilateral relationship that is so intricately inter-twined.
Advertisement
This article was first published on www.gatewayhouse.in.
By By Karen Graham Nov 24, 2017 in Technology Canso - Maritime Launch Services Ltd. (MLS) has come a long way since March of this year when it chose a small rural community near Canso, on Nova Scotia's eastern coast, to be the site of a commercial spaceport. Groundbreaking is expected in early 2018. The Canso, Nova Scotia, Canada, as seen returning from Grassy Island. Bardencj Besides working on launch vehicle development and securing clients, MLS has also undertaken Maritime Launch Services Ltd. The Yuzhnoye Cyclone 4M rocket MLS, Yuzhnoye, and Yuzhmash have signed a formal Memorandum of Cooperation for the delivery of Cyclone 4M rockets to the launch complex. In Cyclone M4 rocket is one of the world's most reliable launch vehicles. Yuzhnoye A target price of $45 million per launch is being suggested with a payload of up to 3,350 kilograms (7,385 pounds) allowed. The rocket is also suitable for sun-synchronous orbit applications. MLS notes that signed Letters of Intent with satellite clients have already been secured, with more to come. The Cyclone 4M's reliability is based on a history of 221 successful launches of the Cyclone family and well over 875 missions of other launchers designed by Yuzhnoye and built by Yuzhmash. Almost $400 million in commitments from satellite clients have been confirmed to fill the payload capacity of 3350 kg aboard the Cyclone 4M. When construction is complete, the complex will include a launch pad and a processing facility, which would be about two kilometers (1.3 miles) apart from each other, connected by a transportation hub. MLS will employ between 30 to 50 people between launches and hundreds more prior to and during launches.The Guysborough Journal reported on Friday that MLS had released an update on the spaceport project in the Little Dover area. There are still regulatory hurdles to overcome before construction can begin, but company president Steve Matier said he's already heard "a lot" from residents.Besides working on launch vehicle development and securing clients, MLS has also undertaken environmental assessments, seasonal data collection, finalization of the layout for the launch site to meet safety criteria, and topographical mapping and surveying. Lindsay Construction in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, has been chosen as the construction management partner and will focus on the overall launch site construction effort, including the selection of the architectural and engineering (A&E) design team.MLS, Yuzhnoye, and Yuzhmash have signed a formal Memorandum of Cooperation for the delivery of Cyclone 4M rockets to the launch complex. In September 2016 , the Yuzhnoye Design Office in Dnipro, Ukraine announced it had been given formal approval by the State Space Agency to proceed with a new international launch complex and operations in North America based on its existing Cyclone M4 Rocket.A target price of $45 million per launch is being suggested with a payload of up to 3,350 kilograms (7,385 pounds) allowed. The rocket is also suitable for sun-synchronous orbit applications. MLS notes that signed Letters of Intent with satellite clients have already been secured, with more to come.The Cyclone 4M's reliability is based on a history of 221 successful launches of the Cyclone family and well over 875 missions of other launchers designed by Yuzhnoye and built by Yuzhmash. Almost $400 million in commitments from satellite clients have been confirmed to fill the payload capacity of 3350 kg aboard the Cyclone 4M. More about Maritime launch services, canso nova scotia, Spaceport, Cyclone 4M, satellite clients Maritime launch serv... canso nova scotia Spaceport Cyclone 4M satellite clients
Engineering infrastructure usually isn't the most compelling topic for a blog post—except when it fails dramatically. In the wake of a 1,000-year rain event (meaning in a given year there is a one in 1,000 chance of observing rainfall totals of this magnitude) that has flooded much of South Carolina, the invisible history of technology is suddenly in the news. Right now, the city of Columbia, South Carolina, has all eyes focused on the damaged 191-year old canal that supplies its drinking water.
The Columbia Canal has long provided the city with transportation and electricity, and is currently its main source of drinking water, but on Monday, October 5, a 60-foot wide breach opened up. Engineers are now racing to repair the canal and restore potable water to the city. On October 6, helicopters lowered excavating equipment to the dike and workers prepared a temporary dam to maintain the water levels required to keep the powerhouse pumping. The plan was to sink a barge and drop more sandbags to plug the hole.
The canal originally opened in 1824 as part of a transportation network that connected South Carolina's up-country with the port of Charleston. The canal allowed for the shipping of freight around the rocky fall line of Columbia. (The fall line is the furthest inland a boat can navigate a river before encountering glacial boulders. The canal allows boats to bypass the rocks.) By the 1850s, railroads supplanted the canal system and the state legislature began looking for alternative uses for the canal.
Developer and entrepreneur William Sprague IV, a U.S. Senator from Rhode Island who came from a prominent manufacturing family, bought the canal for a nominal fee in 1868. Sprague convinced the city council that a municipal water supply, pumped from the canal, would spur industrialization. The council contracted with Columbia Water Power Company, which then gouged customers by providing water at twice the former rate. Moreover, the filtration system worked poorly, and residents soon complained that they were simply receiving muddy river water. Current city residents might sympathize, considering the brown water flowing from their faucets. Until recently, a city-wide boil water advisory was in effect.
Sprague also promised to double the canal's capacity to provide power for textile mills, but in fact did little work on the canal. As it turns out, during the 19th century most profit in the competitive textile industry did not usually come from sales of cloth, but rather from the appreciation in local real estate as population increased. Unfortunately for Sprague, Columbia did not industrialize fast enough to keep him on sound financial footing. He eventually lost the canal in bankruptcy.
From 1880 to 1895 the canal was widened and profitable textile manufacturing finally reached Columbia. Lockwood, Greene & Co., one of the nation's oldest engineering companies, pioneered mill construction in the South and created the prototype for the southern textile industry. In 1893 the company was asked to design Columbia Mills along the banks of the existing canal.
Due to geographic considerations, Columbia Mills was built on a bluff 600 feet east of the Columbia Canal. This created the challenge of mechanically transmitting power from the canal to the mill. After consulting with Sidney B. Paine of the General Electric Company, Stephen Greene (the resident engineer on the project) decided to experiment with electrical power.
In 1894 Columbia Mills opened as the first fully electrified textile mill in the world. It also featured the largest installation of General Electric generators at the time. The success of the electrified Columbia Mills proved that there were viable alternatives to steam power in the textile industry.
Columbia grew with the textile industry, and the city needed a dependable water supply. With a much-improved filtration system, the canal eventually became the main source of the city's water. This week's breach in the dike that separates the canal from the Congaree River is especially significant because as the flood waters recede, the level of the canal has fallen. The water pumps need a minimum level of water to operate.
As for Columbia Mills, it continued to manufacture cotton duck fabric until it closed in 1981. The Columbia Mills building now houses the South Carolina State Museum and the Confederate Relic Room and Military Museum. The museums are currently closed while work continues to stabilize the canal. Curator of History JoAnn Zeise reports that their artifacts are safe and dry.
Allison Marsh is the director of Public History at the University of South Carolina (USC). USC canceled classes for the week, citing the lack of potable water available on campus as a key concern. In 2013 she was the Goldman Sachs Senior Fellow in the National Museum of American History's engineering collections.
Browse > Home Atheism / Pope Francis on Atheism
Pope Francis on Atheism
Before he was elected Pope Francis, Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio spent fourteen years as archbishop of Buenos Aires, Argentina. During that time he built a strong friendship with Abraham Skorka, an Argentinian rabbi and biophysicist. Together they promoted interreligious dialogue on faith and reason, seeking to build bridges among Catholicism, Judaism, and the world at large.
Last month, Image Books released the English translation of On Heaven and Earth, originally published in Argentina in 2010. The book contains several conversations between both men where they discuss various theological and worldly issues, including God, fundamentalism, abortion, homosexuality, euthanasia, same-sex marriage, and globalization. From these personal and accessible talks comes a first-hand view of the man who would become pope to 1.2 billion Catholics around the world in March 2013. In the excerpt below, the two men share their thoughts on modern atheism and agnosticism.
Cardinal Bergoglio (Pope Francis):
When I speak with atheists, I will sometimes discuss social concerns, but I do not propose the problem of God as a starting point, except in the case that they propose it to me. If this occurs, I tell them why I believe. But that which is human is so rich to share and to work at that very easily we can mutually complement our richness. As I am a believer, I know that these riches are a gift from God. I also know that the other person, the atheist, does not know that. I do not approach the relationship in order to proselytize, or convert the atheist; I respect him and I show myself as I am. Where there is knowledge, there begins to appear esteem, affection, and friendship. I do not have any type of reluctance, nor would I say that his life is condemned, because I am convinced that I do not have the right to make a judgment about the honesty of that person; even less, if he shows me those human virtues that exalt others and do me good.
At any rate, I know more agnostic people than atheists; the first are more uncertain, the second are more convinced. We have to be coherent with the message that we receive from the Bible: every man is the image of God, whether he is a believer or not. For that reason alone everyone has a series of virtues, qualities, and a greatness of his own. If he has some vileness, as I do, we can share that in order to mutually help one another and overcome it.
Rabbi Abraham Skorka:
I agree with what you have said; the first step is respecting your fellow man. But I would add one more point of view. When a person says, “I am an atheist,” I believe he or she is taking an arrogant position. He who doubts has a more nuanced position. An agnostic thinks that he or she has not yet found the answer, but an atheist is 100 percent convinced that G-d does not exist. It is the same arrogance that leads some to assert that G-d definitely exists, just like the chair I am sitting on.
Religious people are believers, but we do not know for certain that He exists. We can perceive Him in an extremely profound sense, but we never see Him. We receive subtle replies from Him. According to the Torah, Moses was the only person to have spoken directly, face to face, with G-d. As for everyone else—Jacob, Isaac, etc.—the presence of G-d appeared to them in dreams or by some messenger. Even though I personally believe that G-d exists, it is arrogant to say that He exists as if it were just another certainty in life. I would not casually affirm His existence because I need to live the same humility that I demand of the atheist. The right thing to do would be to point out—as Maimonides did in his thirteen principals of faith—that “I believe with complete faith that G-d is the creator.”
Following Maimonides' line of thought, we can say what G-d is not, but we can never be sure of what G-d is. We can talk about His qualities and attributes, but in no way can we describe His form. I would remind the atheist that the perfection of the natural world is sending us a message. We can gain an understanding of how it works, but not its essence.
Cardinal Bergoglio (Pope Francis):
The spiritual experience of encounter with God is not controllable. One feels that God is there, one has the certainty, but he cannot control God. We are made to subdue nature; that is what God commands. We cannot, however, subdue our creator. As a result, in the experience of God there is always an unanswered question, an opportunity to be submerged in faith.
Rabbi, you said one thing, which in part, is certain: we can say what God is not, we can speak of His attributes, but we cannot say what He is. That apophatic dimension, which reveals how I speak about God, is critical to our theology. The English mystics speak a lot about this theme. There is a book by one of them, from the thirteenth century, The Cloud of Unknowing, that attempts again and again to describe God and always finishes pointing to what He is not. The mission of theology is to reflect and explain religious facts, and among them, God.
I would also classify as arrogant those theologies that not only attempted to define with certainty and exactness God's attributes, but also had the pretense of saying who He was. The book of Job is a continuous discussion about the definition of God. There are four wise men that elaborate this theological search and everything ends with Job's expression: “By hearsay I had heard of you, but now my eye has seen you.” (Job 42:5) Job's final image of God is different from his vision of God in the beginning. The intention of this story is that the notion that the four theologians have is not true, because God always is being sought and found. We are presented with this paradox: we seek Him to find Him and because we find Him, we seek Him. It is a very Augustinian game.
Rabbi Abraham Skorka:
I believe with complete faith that G-d exists. As opposed to the atheist who is sure that He does not exist and does not entertain any doubts, I implicitly reveal a margin of uncertainty by using the word “faith.” At a minimum, I have to acknowledge what Sigmund Freud wrote: that we need the idea of G-d to temper our existential angst. Nevertheless, after having done an in-depth analysis of positions that negate the existence of G-d, I still believe. When my work was done, I still felt G-d's presence. I retain a certain amount of doubt in any case since this is an existential problem and not a mathematical theory, although there is some room for doubt in mathematical theories as well.
That said, when we think about G-d we have to do so with special terminology. Everyday logic does not apply. Maimonides put forth that idea long ago. Agnostics will continue to create their famous paradoxes. For example, if G-d is omnipotent, surely He could create a rock that He Himself could not lift; but if He created such a rock, that would mean He is not omnipotent. G-d is above and beyond any logic and its paradoxes. Maimonides explains that He knows everything in its complete form. We have only limited knowledge. if we had the same understanding that G-d has, we would be Gods ourselves.
Excerpted from On Heaven and Earth by Jorge Mario Bergoglio and Abraham Skorka. Copyright © 2013 by Jorge Mario Bergoglio and Abraham Skorka. Excerpted by permission of Image, a division of Random House, Inc. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
(Image credit: The Telegraph)
Written by Pope Francis is the Bishop of Rome, elected on March 13, 2013. As such, he is the 266th and current Pope of the Catholic Church, the head of the worldwide Catholic Church, and sovereign of the Vatican City State. Follow Pope Francis's writings and teachings at Vatican.va or connect through Twitter at @Pontifex.
Note: Our goal is to cultivate serious and respectful dialogue. While it's OK to disagree—even encouraged!—any snarky, offensive, or off-topic comments will be deleted. Before commenting please read the Commenting Rules and Tips. If you're having trouble commenting, read the Commenting Instructions.
Asymmetric multiplayer murder sim Friday the 13th is getting a mysterious new game mode called Paranoia, available free to everyone that owns the game. There's no release date (it's coming "soon"), or details of what it will entail. However, fans are speculating that the mode will disguise the killer as a camp counselor, meaning players won't know who the murderer is until they're getting stabbed in the neck.
The theory fits with the trailer for the mode (at the top of this article) and with the #whoisfiVe marketing campaign on the game's social media accounts. It could, fans say, refer to the fifth Friday the 13th film, A New Beginning, in which (spolier alert) the killer turns out not to be masked murderer Jason Voorhees but a copycat called Roy Burns.
It's not hard to imagine this working, with players constantly looking their shoulder as the killer tries his or her best to act natural. Perhaps survivors won't be able to communicate with each other when the killer is near, meaning they can't dob them in when they realise that they're about to get slashed. Paranoia is indeed what comes to mind.
Friday the 13th is currently 50% off as part of Steam's Halloween sale. It will cost you $19.99/£14.99.
magic00 ,
Amazing with 1 major game breaking big
I have owned this game for years. I've never played the table version because I wanted to get all the expansions and be able to play with friends at parties and what not. Now so far this game has been perfect. Well almost perfect at least. This bug has been in this game since the start. It doesn't happen often but basically I call it the "Oh my god there are too many cards and stuff on the field I need to end the game bug." It happens when you get a streak going with cards. I'm very good at playing this game and every so often I get into a never ending loop. It's actually what I strive for in every game. My goal is to hit this never ending loop. However when you get to that point the game can't handle it. It just crashes the game. I've had games where I've been in the middle of my streak and ended up not being able to play because the game can't handle it. So it crashes and sometimes it reboots up a couple hands earlier (same turn). Also it's impossible to copy cards when you have 300 or more on the field. It becomes impossible to plan your turn out. I have to press play all and it can really mess up my streak. Anyway other than that the game is great I LOVE IT. It would be wonderful if you fix the game a bit. Maybe have a way to scroll through the cards on the field so I can read effects and stuff. Please fix it.
Image: Getty
A small Canadian company selling social media monitoring tools to police, Media Sonar, was banned from accessing Facebook's data, Motherboard has learned.
The company, headquartered in London, Ontario, sells software that allows clients to monitor social media posts for keywords. Last year, the American Civil Liberties Union revealed that Media Sonar has been selling its wares to police in California and encouraging them to track protesters using hashtags like #BlackLivesMatter and #DontShoot. In October, Twitter revoked Media Sonar's access to its data.
According to a Facebook spokesperson Motherboard spoke to over the phone, Media Sonar was also banned from accessing Facebook's API last year because it violated the platform policies for developers. An Instagram spokesperson also confirmed over email that Media Sonar was banned from that platform for violating the its terms of service. Instagram is owned by Facebook.
Read More: The Canadian Government Has Funded a Notorious Censorship Company for a Decade
Serious questions remain about which police agencies have gotten their hands on Media Sonar's digital surveillance technology, and where. Motherboard has confirmed that police in Canada have used Media Sonar, and there are indications that Media Sonar's technology is in use in countries outside of North America.
The York Regional Police expressed interest in the technology in 2013, the year the company was founded. A 2014 tender for a social media monitoring solution for the Halifax police shows that Media Sonar was a bidder, although they didn't win the contract. A July 2015 report from the Guelph police notes that "Media Sonar is actively being used by members of the Intelligence Unit" for investigations into "extremism, firearms and drugs." A 2015 article from TVO also reported that the Toronto police use Media Sonar.
Toronto Police Service spokesperson Mark Pugash declined to comment on the veracity of the TVO report, and declined to comment on whether the Toronto police still use Media Sonar, saying that the police do not comment on investigative techniques. The Guelph police board has not responded to Motherboard's request for comment.
Canadian law enforcement has a history of tracking protesters. A 2015 document, unearthed in 2016 via access to information request, describes a program in which the Royal Canadian Mounted Police monitored and tracked aboriginal protesters using social media. That report recommended that these practices continue.
There are also indications that the company has been selling its surveillance tools outside Canada and the US. In 2016, Media Sonar won the Ontario Chamber of Commerce's "going global" award for small businesses. This award is given to companies that implement a successful export strategy, and the award page states that the company "has been assisting organizations around the globe" to "[solve] crimes."
Media Sonar has not responded to Motherboard's request for comment.
According to a spokesperson from the Ontario Chamber of Commerce, the award is given to companies that achieve an annual growth in export sales of 35 percent, and make under $5 million per year.
A post on the company's LinkedIn page notes that while the company started "first in North America," the company has been bringing its offerings "into new geographies over the past year." It's unclear if these "new geographies" include repressive regimes known to buy Western surveillance technology.
If so, then Media Sonar would be in league with another small Canadian company called Netsweeper, based in Waterloo. Over the past several years, Canadian surveillance research hub Citizen Lab has exposed Netsweeper's internet filtering business in places like Yemen and Bahrain.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
Update: Facebook confirmed to Motherboard that Media Sonar was banned from accessing its data. This article and its headline have been updated to reflect this.
The Universe we know and love -- with Einstein's General Relativity as our theory of gravity and quantum field theories of the other three forces -- has a problem that we don't often talk about: it's incomplete, and we know it. Einstein's theory on its own is just fine, describing how matter-and-energy relate to the curvature of space-and-time. Quantum field theories on their own are fine as well, describing how particles interact and experience forces. Normally, the quantum field theory calculations are done in flat space, where spacetime isn't curved. We can do them in the curved space described by Einstein's theory of gravity as well (although they're harder -- but not impossible -- to do), which is known as semi-classical gravity. This is how we calculate things like Hawking radiation and black hole decay.
But even that semi-classical treatment is only valid near and outside the black hole's event horizon, not at the location where gravity is truly at its strongest: at the singularities (or the mathematically nonsensical predictions) theorized to be at the center. There are multiple physical instances where we need a quantum theory of gravity, all having to do with strong gravitational physics on the smallest of scales: at tiny, quantum distances. Important questions, such as:
What happens to the gravitational field of an electron when it passes through a double slit?
What happens to the information of the particles that form a black hole, if the black hole's eventual state is thermal radiation?
And what is the behavior of a gravitational field/force at and around a singularity?
all go unanswered without a quantum theory of gravity.
In order to explain what happens at short distances in the presence of gravitational sources — or masses — we need a quantum, discrete, and hence particle-based theory of gravity. The known quantum forces are mediated by particles known as bosons, or particles with integer spin. The photon mediates the electromagnetic force, the W-and-Z bosons mediate the weak force, while the gluons mediate the strong force. All these types of particles have a spin of 1, which for massive (W-and-Z) particles mean they can take on spin values of -1, 0, or +1, while for massless ones (like gluons and photons), they can take on values of -1 or +1 only.
The Higgs boson is also a boson, although it doesn't mediate any forces, and has a spin of 0. Because of what we know about gravitation — General Relativity is a tensor theory of gravity — it must be mediated by a massless particle with a spin of 2, meaning it can take on a spin value of -2 or +2 only.
This is fantastic! It means that we already know a few things about a quantum theory of gravity before we even try to formulate one! We know this because whatever the true quantum theory of gravity turns out to be, it must be consistent with General Relativity when we're not at very small distances from a massive particle or object, just as -- 100 years ago -- we knew that General Relativity needed to reduce to Newtonian gravity in the weak-field regime.
The big question, of course is how? How do you quantize gravity in a way that's correct (at describing reality), consistent (with both GR and QFT), and hopefully leads to calculable predictions for new phenomena that might be observed, measured or somehow tested. The leading contender, of course, is something you've long heard of: String Theory.
String Theory is an interesting framework — it can include all of the standard model fields and particles, both the fermions and the bosons. It includes also a 10-dimensional Tensor-Scalar theory of gravity: with 9 space and 1 time dimensions, and a scalar field parameter. If we erase six of those spatial dimensions (through an incompletely defined process that people just call compactification) and let the parameter (ω) that defines the scalar interaction go to infinity, we can recover General Relativity.
But there are a whole host of phenomenological problems with String Theory. One is that it predicts a large number of new particles, including all the supersymmetric ones, none of which have been found. It claims to not need to need “free parameters” like the standard model has (for the masses of the particles), but it replaces that problem with an even worse one. String theory refers to “10^500 possible solutions,” where these solutions refer to the vacuum expectation values of the string fields, and there's no mechanism to recover them; if you want to String Theory to work, you need to give up on dynamics, and simply say, “well, it must've been anthropically selected.” There are frustrations, drawbacks, and problems with the very idea of String Theory. But the biggest problem with it may not be these mathematical ones. Instead, it may be that there are four other alternatives that may lead us to quantum gravity instead; approaches that are completely independent of String Theory.
1.) Loop Quantum Gravity. LQG is an interesting take on the problem: rather than trying to quantize particles, LQG has as one of its central features that space itself is discrete. Imagine a common analogy for gravity: a bedsheet pulled taut, with a bowling ball in the center. Rather than a continuous fabric, though, we know that the bedsheet itself is really quantized, in that it's made up of molecules, which in turn are made of atoms, which in turn are made of nuclei (quarks and gluons) and electrons.
Space might be the same way! Perhaps it acts like a fabric, but perhaps it's made up of finite, quantized entities. And perhaps it's woven out of “loops,” which is where the theory gets it name from. Weave these loops together and you get a spin network, which represents a quantum state of the gravitational field. In this picture, not just the matter itself but space itself is quantized. The way to go from this idea of a spin network to a perhaps realistic way of doing gravitational computations is an active area of research, one that saw a tremendous leap forward made in just 2007/8, so this is still actively advancing.
2.) Asymptotically Safe Gravity. This is my personal favorite of the attempts at a quantum theory of gravity. Asymptotic freedom was developed in the 1970s to explain the unusual nature of the strong interaction: it was a very weak force at extremely short distances, then got stronger as (color) charged particles got farther and farther apart. Unlike electromagnetism, which had a very small coupling constant, the strong force has a large one. Due to some interesting properties of QCD, if you wound up with a (color) neutral system, the strength of the interaction fell off rapidly. This was able to account for properties like the physical sizes of baryons (protons and neutrons, for example) and mesons (pions, for example).
Asymptotic safety, on the other hand, looks to solve a fundamental problem that's related to this: you don't need small couplings (or couplings that tend to zero), but rather for the couplings to simply be finite in the high-energy limit. All coupling constants change with energy, so what asymptotic safety does is pick a high-energy fixed point for the constant (technically, for the renormalization group, from which the coupling constant is derived), and then everything else can be calculated at lower energies.
At least, that's the idea! We've figured out how to do this in 1+1 dimensions (one space and one time), but not yet in 3+1 dimensions. Still, progress has been made, most notably by Christof Wetterich, who had two groundbreaking papers in the 1990s. More recently, Wetterich used asymptotic safety — just six years ago — to calculate a prediction for the mass of the Higgs boson before the LHC found it. The result?
Amazingly, what it indicated was perfectly in line with what the LHC wound up finding. It's such an amazing prediction that if asymptotic safety is correct, and — when the error bars are beaten down further — the masses of the top quark, the W-boson and the Higgs boson are finalized, there may not even be a need for any other fundamental particles (like SUSY particles) for physics to be stable all the way up to the Planck scale. It's not only very promising, it has many of the same appealing properties of string theory: quantizes gravity successfully, reduces to GR in the low energy limit, and is UV-finite. In addition, it beats string theory on at least one account: it doesn't need the addition of new particles or parameters that we have no evidence for! Of all the string theory alternatives, this one is my favorite.
3.) Causal Dynamical Triangulations. This idea, CDT, is one of the new kids in town, first developed only in 2000 by Renate Loll and expanded on by others since. It's similar to LQG in that space itself is discrete, but is primarily concerned with how that space itself evolves. One interesting property of this idea is that time must be discrete as well! As an interesting feature, it gives us a 4-dimensional spacetime (not even something put in a priori, but something that the theory gives us) at the present time, but at very, very high energies and small distances (like the Planck scale), it displays a 2-dimensional structure. It's based on a mathematical structure called a simplex, which is a multi-dimensional analogue of a triangle.
A 2-simplex is a triangle, a 3-simplex is a tetrahedron, and so on. One of the “nice” features of this option is that causality — a notion held sacred by most human beings — is explicitly preserved in CDT. (Sabine has some words on CDT here, and its possible relation to asymptotically safe gravity.) It might be able to explain gravity, but it isn't 100% certain that the standard model of elementary particles can fit suitably into this framework. It's only major advances in computation that have enabled this to become a fairly well-studied alternative of late, and so work in this is both ongoing and relatively young.
4.) Emergent gravity. And finally, we come to what's probably the most speculative, recent of the quantum gravity possibilities. Emergent gravity only gained prominence in 2009, when Erik Verlinde proposed entropic gravity, a model where gravity was not a fundamental force, but rather emerged as a phenomenon linked to entropy. In fact, the seeds of emergent gravity go back to the discoverer of the conditions for generating a matter-antimatter asymmetry, Andrei Sakharov, who proposed the concept back in 1967. This research is still in its infancy, but as far as developments in the last 5–10 years go, it's hard to ask for more than this.
We're sure we need a quantum theory of gravity to make the Universe work at a fundamental level, but we're not sure what that theory looks like or whether any of these five avenues (string theory included) are going to prove fruitful or not. String Theory is the best studied of all the options, but Loop Quantum Gravity is a rising second, with the others being given serious consideration at long last. They say the answer's always in the last place you look, and perhaps that's motivation enough to start looking, seriously, in newer places.
Yesterday's Independent featured a story by Harriet Walker about skyscraper heels. Prompted, of course, by Victoria Beckham making an appearance in spindly 5 inches stilettos. Writes Walker: "Just when you thought heels couldn't get any higher, guess what: they have." This season, Prada, Louboutin and Dior all have towering heels. And the Giambattista Valli shoes for fall (pictured) have a retro feel, but with platforms and heels so high they almost seem designed for toppling over. The Daily Mail points out that high heels have been around since 3500BC, when Ancient Egyptian noble women picked their way through the pyramids. Hundreds of years, billions of aching feet, twisted ankles, throbbing bunions and crusty corns. Why do we do it?
Are heels this season so high because the economy is so low? There's power in height, in the instant and literal lift one gets from heels. Some say they feel sexier, and there's no doubt that wearing heels changes the posture of a woman — pushing out the chest, tensing the calf muscle, elongating (actually hyperextending) the leg and putting stress on the lower back, causing hips to work harder and therefore "sway." But where is the true power when you can't really walk? Where is the power when most of the popular shoes were designed by men who don't wear them? Ever notice how ladies who wear sneakers all the time have smooth and un-callused feet, and women with a "sexy" heel habit have stressed out and jacked up feet? Why, after thousands of years and a sexual revolution, do we continue to do this to ourselves? Is it because there's a thrill in being a woman, in claiming all of the chicks-only, "feminine" accoutrements that go with being decidedly female? While you ponder these questions, I'm going to see if I can find a price for those black Giambattista Valli numbers on the lower left. What? Just curious!
Skyscraper Heels: They May Be Painful And Expensive But We've Seen Nothing Yet [Independent]
Posh Spike needs a head for heights as she steps out in five-inch heels [Daily Mail]
Earlier: Fashion Victims
Fashion Writer Wears Fashionable Shoes, Loses Will To Live
Raise your hand if you think that high heels are good for your feet. Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?… Read more Read
Advertisement
Flora's Box" />
Small businesses won't be able to buy health insurance via HealthCare.gov until next year, President Barack Obama's administration announced Wednesday.
The delay in functionality for the so-called SHOP exchanges represents the latest setback in the Obama administration's efforts to implement the three-year-old Affordable Care Act. The development also comes just days before HealthCare.gov, the online portal for individual and family health coverage in more than 30 states, is supposed to be working better after its troubled first two months.
Small businesses that want to utilize the federally run SHOP exchanges, and the tax credits worth up to half the cost of insurance that are available to some firms, will have to sign up through an insurance agent or broker or directly with a health insurance company, an administration official explained via email. In an attempt to mitigate the failure of the online application and enrollment process that was supposed to be in place, small businesses can submit their applications for tax credits whenever they file their taxes rather than in advance, the official wrote.
“This new delay announcement is a disappointment but not a surprise. Small businesses continue to be low on the priority list during the Obamacare implementation process," Kevin Kuhlman, manager of legislative affairs at the National Federation of Independent Business, said in a written statement. "The continued delays add to uncertainty and contribute to the decision of many owners to take early renewals of their small-group plans.” The National Federation of Independent Business opposed the Affordable Care Act and was the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit challenging its constitutionality, which the Supreme Court ultimately upheld.
The administration previously said online enrollment on the SHOP exchanges would be available by the end of this month, following earlier delays. Prior to Wednesday's announcement that the administration would facilitate enrollment via insurers, agents and brokers, paper applications were the only means small companies could employ to utilize the SHOP exchanges. Maryland also delayed its state-run SHOP exchange, though other states' exchanges are operational. The federal government is operating SHOP exchanges in more than 30 states, and the remainder are being run by states.
"Small businesses will be able to enroll directly into a SHOP plan through an insurer, agent or broker, and get can certify for a tax credit after they enroll. We will also offer an improved comparison shopping feature online so small businesses can choose a plan before enrolling in one," Julie Bataille, a spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said during a conference call with reporters Wednesday.
Unlike the federal- and state-run health insurance exchanges for individuals and families that limit sign up to a certain period during the year, the SHOP exchanges are supposed to allow companies to enroll workers at any time. Still, companies with current benefits that expire at the end of the year have until just Dec. 23 to choose a health plan that will be in effect on Jan. 1, the official wrote.
The delay of the SHOP exchanges is partly a byproduct of the administration's scramble to get HealthCare.gov reliably working for individual consumers, Bataille indicated. "It was important for us to prioritize the functionality that would enable consumers, individually, to shop and enroll online in coverage," she said.
Online enrollment won't be possible on the SHOP exchanges until next year for benefits that will be available in 2015, the administration said.
Earlier this year, the administration delayed another key component of the SHOP exchanges. Under health care reform, small business employees were supposed to be able to choose among any of the plans available on the exchanges. For 2014, employers will select the coverage for all workers instead.
The late baseball great Gary Carter will have a ballpark and street named after him in Montreal, where he defined the golden era of a once-beloved franchise.
The City of Montreal announced Wednesday the details of its tribute to a catcher who starred with the now-defunct Expos for more than half of his Hall of Fame career.
The street is one that borders Jarry Park, where the Expos played for most of their first decade and where Carter got his big-league debut. The site now hosts the annual Canadian Open tennis tournament and the street to its south and west, Faillon Street, will have a stretch renamed for Carter.
Sports commentator Rodger Brulotte, who chaired the selection committee, says Jarry Park is where the love affair between Carter and his wife Sandy first blossomed.
He says they discussed the city's plans this past summer when Sandy and her son were in Montreal.
"I said we want to do Faillon Street where Gary started his career, and that's when we started crying," Brulotte recalled.
"She said, 'That's where we started, that's where our life started."'
Close to 2,000 proposals were submitted to the city after it requested ideas to honour Carter last Feb. 27, shortly after his death.
Brulotte says not only baseball fans, but also the tennis world, will now get to know Carter: "Just think about it — across the U.S., everywhere, it will be [known that] Gary Carter Street [is] where tennis is being played."
There will also be a baseball field in the north-end Ahuntsic district named after him, and one other park in a Montreal suburb has already been named after Carter.
Special location
Brulotte says the north-end park is special.
"We chose a park where teams from the province play. Our best teams play there — junior, senior and also midget elite," he added.
The changes will be enacted by city council in February 2013, a year after Carter's death from cancer at age 57.
City officials say there might also eventually be an honour at the site of the Olympic Stadium, where the star catcher played for the vast majority of his Expos career.
Carter won the hearts of Montrealers through his feats on the field as well as his boundless enthusiasm around fans.
Nicknamed "The Kid," he was considered one of the all-time great catchers in the major leagues. Carter delighted Montrealers from 1974 to 1984, when he was traded to New York, and he returned in 1992 for his farewell season. He was the first Expos player to be enshrined in the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Carter's death triggered an outpouring of Expos nostalgia in a city that boasts few lingering traces of baseball.
Aside from the Expos banner hanging at the Bell Centre hockey arena, and the usually vacant Olympic Stadium, there is relatively little evidence in Montreal that the city hosted, and was sometimes impassioned for, a major-league team over 36 years from 1969 to 2004.
The California-born athlete entrenched himself in Quebec life during his time there, calling it a second home and learning some French.
Stryker chooses Microsoft HoloLens to bring operating room design into the future with 3D By Lorraine Bardeen / General Manager, Mixed Reality Workplace Share Share Skype
As a member of the Microsoft HoloLens product and engineering team, I get to see some pretty cool things on a regular basis. Any day of the week, I have a front-row seat to see how our teams, customers, and partners are making a world where mixed reality changes the way we live, work, play, and learn. I'm consistently amazed by the creative ways HoloLens is being used to solve complex problems, improve business outcomes and results, and change the way we interact with technology.
Today, I have the privilege of sharing with you one of the latest examples of HoloLens innovation that is happening, this time within the healthcare sector.
The operating room as it exists today
Stryker, a leading global medical technology company, has set out to improve the process for designing operating rooms for hospitals and surgery centers.
You may not be aware of it, but surgical disciplines from general, to urologic, orthopedic, cardiac, and ear nose and throat (ENT) use shared operating rooms. These specialties have widely different needs when it comes to operating room configuration and setup. Everything from lighting, to equipment, tools, and even patient orientation, varies depending on who is using the operating room at any given moment. Equipment placement is critical as it effects ergonomics, efficiency, and task load, all of which have the potential to burden staff and slow procedures.
Today, for hospitals to successfully design operating rooms that will accommodate these various medical disciplines, a critical meeting must take place. In this meeting, the heads of each surgical discipline, along with their staff, are physically present to outline the desired layout and implementation needed to successfully complete their procedures. This is a complicated and time-consuming process where people and a complex array of technology and equipment are shuffled around to determine what goes where, and when, to see how it will all fit.
Stryker is using HoloLens to build the operating room of the future
Recognizing that the current model of operating room design needs to be evolved from 2D to 3D, and knowing that the needs of these specialties can be quite divergent, Stryker has found a way to design a shared operating room that can accommodate all surgical disciplines in a far more efficient manner.
Using HoloLens and Stryker's new By Design solution, hospital stakeholders are now able to envision the ideal operating room configuration with the power of holograms and the benefit of mixed reality.
Instead of needing all of the people from each surgical discipline, all the physical equipment required across all medical disciplines, all in one room at the same time, Stryker is now able to modify and build different operating room scenarios with holograms. No more time-consuming sessions where everyone needs to be physically present and no more need to move around heavy and expensive equipment to get a sense for how everything all fits together.
What does this look like? Here is a peek into how operating rooms of the future will be designed using HoloLens.
As you can see, through the mixed reality capabilities of HoloLens, a design can be created and adjusted without the need of a complicated mock operating room setup. Teams of surgeons can collaborate in a conference room, their office, or work with holograms, at full size and scale, in the actual operating room – no bulky equipment required, just a headset. This allows teams to move quickly from envisioning to execution, improving the operating room for surgeons, staff, and ultimately the patients they care for. Furthermore, the process benefits from the advantage of 3D. Stryker can break free of 2D limitations, making it easier for people to visualize a finished project, reduce design errors, save time, and allow facilities to open faster.
Since the release of HoloLens just under a year ago, we have seen quite a few companies using HoloLens and the potential of holograms and mixed reality to drive innovation and make a difference within the healthcare space.
For example, CAE, a global leader in modeling and simulation recently shared a new solution they created called VimedixAR. Their solution uses HoloLens to create mixed reality ultrasound simulations with the goal of improving patient safety and outcomes. With their approach, CAE is helping doctors, ultrasound technicians, and students visualize complex organs (like the heart and lungs) using holograms, ultimately improving their ability to identify potential issues.
In addition, my friends at Case Western Reserve University and the Cleveland Clinic are training the next generation of doctors and surgeons by helping them learn and understand human anatomy in completely new ways. It has been quite inspiring to see what they have done using HoloLens.
On behalf of everyone on the HoloLens team, I share my thanks and admiration for every one of our customers, partners, and developers who are creating the future with mixed reality. The work you are doing to bring the potential of mixed reality to people and organizations across the globe is truly inspiring.
I can't wait to see what's next!
Lorraine
Start developing on HoloLens and join us on our mixed reality journey. HoloLens available now at the Microsoft Store.
Updated February 16, 2018 8:37 am
Friday Facts #81 - Chain signals
Posted by kovarex on 2015-04-10, all posts
Hello hello,
3 years of Factorio in numbers
The initial Factorio commit was done 31.3. 2012, so Factorio is in the development for 3 years and 11 days.
Our effort in numbers:
In development for 1106 days.
88 public releases.
14 082 commits in the master branch.
204 917 lines of code, 546 339 words and 7 693 483 characters, this is equivalent to 15 average books.
20 791 different sprites with 54 114 147 non empty pixels.
1492 resolved bugs (only counting those reported on our forums).
3027 lines in the changelog.
56 500 Youtube videos
403 000 Google hits of factorio.
873 509 unique visits of www.factorio.com
75 146 forum posts
and finally 74 914 copies sold.
The chain signal in detail
Results in:This leads me to different kind of comparisons: There are 2.7 lines of code per one buyer, 12.7 commits per day or 2.7 Youtube videos per one sprite, I could go like this for a while :)
We already told that our plan for 0.12 contains the chain signals, but it's the time now to explain the details. The chain signals have some similarities with the TTD pre signals, but as they actually work differently, we also decided to call them differently to avoid confusion.
In TTD, the signals play very different role in the train pathfinding logic, as they often tell trains where to go. In Factorio, trains know exactly where to go, and signals are mainly just preventing them from crashing to each other or blocking each other. The only role the signals have in the path finding is, that whenever would the train have to stop because of the red signal, it tries to recalculate its path.
The definition: While normal signal prevents train from entering the occupied block, chain signal prevents train from entering the block also when the exit isn't free. When more exits exist, the one relevant to the train path is taken into account.
We don't have the graphics for chain signal ready yet, so I will use a sign to differentiate chain and regular signals.
Regular signal:
This is how the regular signal works, the block it guards is empty, so the train can go there:
Simple example:
Chain signal with one exit doesn't allow the train to enter the block, as the exit is occupied.
Simple example with practical usage:
The chain signal prevents the train from blocking the other route while waiting.
Double-crossing:
Double crossings are the cause of train jams often, as trains tend to get blocked in the middle of the crossing. It can even cause total deadlock, which require manual intervention to fix the problem. With chain signals, the non-blocking rails are still separated, but trains won't stay in the middle of the crossing.
Deadlock prevention:
One of the typical situation with train deadlock problem is the usage of single train line for both direction with occasional bypasses. The example of the blocked situation with regular signals:
With chain signals, this problem can be totally avoided by preventing the train from going to the shared section unless it can exit it.
As you can see, the chain signals add a lot of possibilities to the train system coordination, mainly for larger and more crowded systems. The implementation of the chain signal is almost complete, just some bugs and automated tests of it have to be finished, so this will get to 0.12 for sure.
The thread for your comments and opinions is ready at our forums.
El Cajon (Calif.) Foothills Christian 2016 power forward T.J. Leaf is down to eight schools, his travel team the Compton Magic announced Sunday.
The 247Sports Composite five-star forward is considering Kentucky, Kansas, UCLA, Texas, California, San Diego State, Gonzaga and Indiana. Leaf, ranked as the No. 12 player in the class and the No. 3 power forward in the class, decommitted from Arizona on Thursday. He he's looking for "a free system and somewhere I fit." He praised a few of the schools recruiting him for their open systems, including UCLA and Indiana.
Indiana contacted Leaf soon after his decommitment, with head coach Tom Crean primarily talking to him. Leaf likes Indiana's style of play, saying that Crean lets his players play very freely on offense.
Bruins head coach Steve Alford has been Leaf's main recruiter, and Leaf also likes UCLA's style of play, but says the close proximity of UCLA has no effect on his decision. UCLA has made a run in his Crystal Ball and now leads for him.
TJLeaf @FCHSBBALL
8 Schools in No particular order Kentucky, Kansas, UCLA, Texas, CAL, SanDiegoSt, Gonzaga, Indiana pic.twitter.com/bUtjUokOKB — Compton Magic (@Compton_Magic) August 9, 2015
Emanoul Aghassian (Persian: ایمانوئل آغاسيان), Anglicized as Emmanuel "Mike" Agassi (born December 25, 1930), is a former boxer and the father and former coach of Andre Agassi.
Born to Assyrian[1] and Armenian parents (however in his own words, his father, David Agassi, was a Ukrainian Armenian from Kiev and mother was a Turkish Armenian [2]), he was raised in a Christian household in Tehran.[3] One of his ancestors changed his surname from Agassian to Agassi to avoid persecution.[4] Agassi was first exposed to tennis by American and British servicemen. He represented Iran as a boxer in the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics, losing in the first round both times.[5] His trainer was former Polish-German boxer Hans Ziglarski.[6]
He followed his brother Samuel to Chicago in 1952,[4][7] and changed his name to "Mike Agassi". Less than a month after graduating from Roosevelt University, he met Elizabeth Dudley through a mutual friend. They married at a Methodist church in Chicago's North Side on August 19, 1959.[8] When a friend offered Agassi a job at the Tropicana Hotel, the couple moved to Las Vegas, Nevada with their 2-year-old daughter Rita and 8-day old son Phillip in October 1962;[9] daughter Tamara (Tami) was born in 1967, and Andre in 1970.
Agassi has described Rita, Phillip, and Tami as "guinea pigs" in the development of the methods he used to mold Andre into a world-class player. In 1984, Rita, having rebelled against her father's 5,000-balls-a-day-regimen, married Pancho Gonzales. In his autobiography Open, Andre recalled Mike and Steffi Graf's father Peter nearly coming to blows arguing over whether Andre or Steffi had the superior backhand technique when Mike showed Peter the machine he built to fire tennis balls at Andre and his siblings.[10]
Mike Agassi's autobiography The Agassi Story was published in 2004.
See also [ edit ]
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrives at the US Capitol June 22, 2017, in Washington, DC. (Photo: Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images)
The latest Trumpcare bill released by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is a political dealmaker's version of putting lipstick on a pig — taking a colossally destructive bill hurting tens of millions and dressing it up so it can win enough votes to pass.
A side-by-side comparison of the text reveals that the GOP hasn't budged an inch in its intention to cut federal subsidies of state-run Medicaid by one-third, which will severely hit the poor, single mothers with children and seniors in nursing homes.
For those buying private insurance, in addition to ending federal Obamacare subsidies, by incorporating more deregulation from Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, anyone who is not youthful and naturally healthy will see premiums rise while what is covered in those plans will shrink. That translates into a double hit, on employers buying coverage for employees and on families and individuals facing higher out-of-pocket costs in emergencies.
McConnell's new bill still ends Obamacare's provisions that stopped insurers from rejecting people with pre-existing conditions, which is almost everybody over ages 50. It reinstitutes lifetime coverage caps for insurers, which will leave people exposed to medical bankruptcy. And it eliminates Obamacare's requirement that commercial insurance policies cover essential benefits, like maternity care.
“I knew this bill was unfixable. What I didn't count on was that it would get worse,” tweeted Andy Slavitt, who ran Medicare, Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act for President Obama. “There is an even bigger endorsement of higher deductibles with new catastrophic plan provision.”
Digging deeper into McConnell's bill, one finds apparent giveaways to try to wrest votes from Republicans who are on the fence for completely different reasons. On the furthest right, the inclusion of Cruz's amendment will create two risk pools — one for regular policyholders and another for the very sick. People who want wide protection against chronic, catastrophic and life-threatening illnesses will be priced out of the market under the far right's fictitious banner of giving people more “freedom.”
Also pandering to the tax-cutting and make-the-rich-even-richer wing of the party is the fact that McConnell's latest bill preserves 80 percent of the taxes that earlier versions were going to repeal. That's being portrayed in some mainstream media accounts as an improvement and something less than an outright giveaway, which is ludicrous. The hundreds of billions that will be taken away from Medicaid will offset these taxes.
The bill also seeks to win the support of senators from Ohio and West Virginia by putting in more money for opioid addiction treatment, and boosting state subsidies for Florida, Louisiana and other red states. It also creates a $100 billion tax break for people who open health care savings accounts, enlarging the role for those fee-skimming middlemen with an option that only people with high enough incomes can afford to establish and use. And the McConnell bill also creates another industry giveaway, a $70 billion account to shore up insurers against the economic turbulence the rest of this bill will create.
The national trade association for insurance companies is not impressed by any of this, realizing that the GOP's “fixes” are going to turn them into the most hated industry in America — as if multitudes from coast to coast hadn't already lost their patience with rising premiums, co-pays and deductibles before 2016's “repeal and replace” charade. Their lobby group, AHIP, or America's Health Insurance Plans, railed against Cruz's proposals in lobbyist-speak earlier this week, in a press release with the sub-heading, “Policies that increase uncertainty or threaten instability should be avoided.”
AHIP concluded, “The individual market faces well-documented challenges to stability, including higher premiums, lower-than-expected enrollment, fewer plan choices, and risk pool problems in certain states and markets. Policy solutions exist to create more stability in the market by reducing premiums and attracting enrollment of younger and healthier individuals. In this context, it is important that policymakers avoid policies that threaten to further increase uncertainty or threaten stability. Such policies include opening up non-compliant plans to new enrollees, bifurcating the risk pool, or allowing plans covered by different rules to compete in the same market.”
This isn't Bernie Sanders; this is the insurance lobby. As for Sanders, he posted a video on his Twitter page saying this GOP-created frenzy is making the strongest possible case for a national singer-payer, Medicare-for-all system. “The UK can do it, Canada can do it, France can do it, Scandinavia can do it,” he said.
Meanwhile, other Washington-based health consumer lobbyists said the time has come to trash the GOP and start bipartisan talks about creating a system that meets people's needs. How that will happen, when the GOP wrote this bill in secret and ducked meetings with their constituents is anybody's guess. But that is the line being offered on Thursday.
“Today's release of the updated Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA) confirms what we already knew: this broken bill can't be fixed,” said Joe Baker, president of the Medicare Rights Center. “This tweaked BCRA still ends Medicaid as we know it, and it still yanks health coverage out from under millions of Americans, including older adults, people with disabilities and those with pre-existing conditions.”
“Most Americans oppose the BCRA's untenable cuts to Medicaid and its disregard for the families who need guaranteed, affordable health coverage,” Baker continued. “In drafting the BCRA, Senate leaders have avoided public debate, hearings and even their own constituents… The American people have asked for, and deserve, an open, bipartisan approach to making health care more affordable for everyone.”
What comes next in this process? The Congressional Budget Office will score the bill, meaning it will say how many people will be hurt by the cuts in government subsidies and coverage cuts, and how many will benefit from tax cuts and other giveaways. Then McConnell will try to bring the bill to the floor, where if necessary, he will introduce more vote-getting amendments that will not be reviewed by the CBO.
Community member Steven Hintz‎ has been searching for a cool Vinyl emulation plug-in. He asked "Anyone knows of any VST or AAX vinyl emulation plugins that still exist or aren't $500". Last week we pointed Steven at iZotope's Vinyl but with the proviso that it had been discontinued. Well not anymore as we have great news. iZotope have released Vinyl as a 64bit plug-in including the AAX Native format for Pro Tools 11 and above.
The Return Of iZotope's Lo-fi Weapon - Vinyl
Back just in time for its 15th anniversary, Vinyl is a plug-in that lets you simulate the dust, scratches, and warp of a worn record and the electrical and mechanical noise of the turntable it's on. Give fresh recordings and instrument tracks the dirty, dusty feel of an earlier decade. You can apply Vinyl to any source audio to make it sound as if it's being played from a record and dial in exactly the right character to suit your tune. Plus, it's now updated to 64-bit!
The Sounds Of Vinyl
The Spin Down button simulates slowly stopping playback of a record, modulating both playback speed and frequency. When used on the master bus, it can provide a dramatic overall effect as if someone has stopped the record playing. Within the context of a mix, it can add a unique but familiar effect when used on individual instruments or busses.
Earth melting (Shutterstock)
An editor for business-friendly CNBC — which has featured climate-change denialists in the past — was caught trying to solicit another skeptic for an op-ed on its website.
According to the progressive blog Republic Report, CNBC.com sent an invitation to retired economist Alan Carlin to give his opinion regarding “Risky Business,” a study commissioned by a group headed by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg (I), former Treasury secretary Henry Paulson, and former hedge fund entrepreneur Thomas Steyer.
“Given this new report on the cost of climate change, wanted to extend an invitation to Alan Carlin to write an op-ed for CNBC.com,” commentary editor Cindy Perman wrote. “Can be on the new report or just his general thoughts on global warming being a hoax.”
As the Los Angeles Times reported, the study found that communities along the Gulf Coast and Eastern seaboard could see the costs of storm-related damages increase by at least $3.5 billion per year. Temperatures across the U.S. could increase to the point that the country would experience two or three times the amount of days with highs over 95 degrees.
But Perman mistakenly contacted another site, DeSmogBlog, which focuses on media coverage of climate change. DeSmogBlog forwarded the email to The Raw Story on Thursday.
The site's only connection to Carlin, a retired economist, is a profile listing various instances in which he expressed doubt regarding the vast scientific consensus saying the Earth is getting warmer.
“The Obama Administration has made many efforts to support its climate religion,” Carlin said in September 2010. “Since this viewpoint has no basis in the scientific method, it is not science and would seem best characterized as religion.”
Neither CNBC nor Perman responded to requests for comment on the email at the time of publication.
DeSmogBlog executive director and managing editor Brendan DeMelle said it was irresponsible for the network to try to feature Carlin's opinion on the study, given his past.
“The fact that this CNBC booker's first thought (or perhaps instruction from her editor) was to find a contrarian willing to buck overwhelming scientific consensus and tout a conspiracy theory speaks clearly to the network's agenda to serve its audience its favored spin rather than the plain facts,” DeMelle told Raw Story via email.
Media Matters reported in June 2013 that more than half of the network's coverage of climate change has been devoted to guests expressing skepticism that it has been influenced by human activity. And Squawk Box co-host Joe Kernen has called environmentalists “a bonafide cult” on the air in the past.
[Image: “Global warming melting the Earth,” via Shutterstock]
Hackers issued a new threat to Sony in the wake of the cancelation of “The Interview,” TheWrap has learned.
Several Sony employees received an email that appeared to come from the so-called “Guardians of Peace,” and the person who called himself the head of #GOP, an individual with knowledge of the email told TheWrap.
See photos: Sony Hack Attack Timeline: From First Cyberbreach and Leaks to ‘The Interview' Dropped (Photos)
Here is the message:
“Now we want you never let the movie released, distributed or leaked in any form of, for instance, DVD or piracy.”
“we still have your private and sensitive data” and claims that they will “ensure the security of your data unless you make additional trouble.” “And we want everything related to the movie, including its trailers, as well as its full version down from any website hosting them immediately.”
Also Read: Sony Hack Attack Timeline: From First Cyberbreach and Leaks to ‘The Interview' Dropped (Photos)
Three weeks after a paralyzing hacking attack on the studio brought the company to its knees, Sony is taking widespread criticism for canceling the release of “The Interview” in theaters, and pulling the theater from any distribution at all.
“In light of the decision by the majority of our exhibitors not to show the film ‘The Interview,' we have decided not to move forward with the planned December 25 theatrical release,” the studio said in a statement to TheWrap on Wednesday. “We respect and understand our partners' decision and, of course, completely share their paramount interest in the safety of employees and theater-goers.”
Now it appears the hackers, believed to be North Korea, are also demanding that the studio remove trailers for the film.
Also Read: Newest Sony Leak Reveals 50 Scripts From Michael Lynton's Inbox
On CNN Friday morning, Stelter reported: “They got what they wanted initially, and now they are going a step further.”
Sony did not immediately respond to requests from TheWrap to confirm the story, or say how they might respond to the new threat.
Science in Greece is going backwards. This month, researchers lost access to the journal Bioinformatics, a top-ranked title in mathematical and computational biology. Many more publications are likely to disappear from Greek libraries. The Ministry of Education has not paid the bills for its subscription bundles. The largest publishers — including Elsevier, Springer and Taylor & Francis — have threatened to suspend access. Others have done so already.
The denial of scholarly papers, the lifeblood of research, to Greek scientists could mark the beginning of the end for creative science at universities and research institutes. We will no longer be able to keep up with international contributions. In areas such as biomedicine, it is crucial to have access to the latest information. Many Greek researchers, unable to afford personal subscriptions to their favourite journals, are already considering reviving a practice that was common a decade or so ago — contacting friends and colleagues in foreign research centres and asking them to fax or e-mail articles.
For many readers of Nature, the hardship faced by Greek scientists will come as no surprise. The country is reeling from six straight years of recession and unprecedented austerity measures. More than one-quarter of Greek people are out of work.
I am one of them. I am a biologist with a PhD in biological chemistry from the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. In 2003, I went to Spain to work as a postdoc at the National Centre of Biotechnology in Madrid. In 2008, I returned to Greece as a research scientist with the National Hellenic Research Foundation in Athens, on a succession of short-term contracts. In March 2011, I was elected assistant professor of cell biology at the faculty of medicine of the University of Thessaly in Larissa. But I never began work there: I am one of about 800 faculty members who are still waiting to take up appointments around the country because the government refuses to approve the budget necessary for their salaries. They are distinguished scientists, many with years of postdoctoral experience, who have been selected through a long and demanding process and have been appointed by the heads of their respective universities.
The departments that selected these 800 faculty members are struggling to teach their students. In 2011, for the first time in decades, the Ministry of Education placed no new university professors. The scientific and professional prospects of young scholars in Greece are evaporating; this will leave the country's universities lifeless and impotent. Budgets for research institutes have been reduced by 30%. The 2013 education budget will cut funds by a further 14% and condemns Greece to scientific and educational dormancy.
“Human potential should be nourished by urgent government action.”
There are no signs that the Greek government understands that long-term commitment to funding science and education must be part of the strategy to boost economic growth. In 2007, even before the most recent cuts, university and research funding in Greece stood at 0.6% of gross domestic product in 2007, already far below the European Union average of 1.9%.
Wages of researchers and faculty members have been reduced by 20%. If someone tells you that the Greek economy fell because of giant public-sector salaries, tell them that the average monthly wage of a university lecturer here is now around €1,000 (US$1,300). Researchers and professors who have spent years building their careers are asking whether it was worth it.
Scientists have adapted. They have learned to use the bare minimum of expensive reagents. They have become skilled at working with their overcoats on when deliveries of heating oil fail to materialize.
But many young scientists are heading abroad. In 2010, about 120,000 Greek scholars lived and worked elsewhere, about one-tenth of the total. The number is now estimated at 150,000. The young, skilled workforce, a key factor for economic development, is disappearing exactly when society needs it most. I, too, am I considering whether to leave. The situation in Greece, combined with plans by European Union leaders to cut the research and development budget, paints a bleak picture for future generations.
Greek science is worth investing in and worth saving. In 2012, against all the odds, the proportion of the country's research that contributed to the top 1% of most-cited articles was 13th in the world, above Canada, Italy and France. This human potential should be nourished by urgent government action.
A good place to start is to resist calls from existing professors to raise their retirement age from 67 to 70. The change has been suggested as a short-term fix for academic departments stretched to breaking point by the hiring freeze and retirements. Such a move would eliminate any chance that the new professors will be placed, given that the national programme of fiscal stability calls for the public sector to be dramatically reduced by making only one appointment for every ten retirements. It would block the natural and necessary renewal of university personnel with new blood. It would further accentuate the rapid ageing of Greek universities and leave faculties as shells containing only a handful of older professors and next to no lecturing staff and young researchers. We know from evolutionary biology that such micro-societies soon become extinct.
I always try to do warm up sketches etc. before I start working and always try to have some personal projects on the go, but I feel like I'm never completing enough finished pieces. So I'm trying out a new, less refined technique on my iPad pro and limiting myself to 2-3 hours, hopefully getting that down to 1 hour in a few months or so.
Here's the first one I've done, I will probably try to do 1-2 a week around other traditional sketches etc. as I'll be streaming twice a week on Twitch now too which gives me the chance to work on more refined pieces for personal pieces on my Cintiq.
One of my favourite heroes from one of my favourite games, good old Junkrat!
Many new technologies are born with a bang: Virtual reality headsets! Renewable rockets! And old ones often die with a whimper. So it is for the videocassette recorder, or VCR.
The last-known company still manufacturing the technology, the Funai Corporation of Japan, said in a statement Thursday that it would stop making VCRs at the end of this month, mainly because of “difficulty acquiring parts.”
The Japanese newspaper Nikkei reported on the impending demise earlier this month.
The news represented the death rattle of a technology that was considered revolutionary when it was introduced in the 1950s. It took several decades for VCRs to make their way into consumers' homes, but in its heyday it was ubiquitous and dominant.
According to the company — which said in the statement, “We are the last manufacturer” of VCRs “in all of the world” — 750,000 units were sold worldwide in 2015, down from millions decades earlier.
“Neal, how do you keep finding high-paying work?”
That's the most common question I hear — aside from, “What is wrong with you, Neal?!” Unfortunately, there isn't a simple answer to either question, but since this is a web design blog, and not a psychiatrist's office, let's focus on the first one.
Now, I don't want to mislead you, so I want to be clear: there's no one path to freelancer Mecca. In reality, there are many different paths, and only some will work for you. I'll walk you through the seven best methods I've found (and throw in a bonus).
I strongly recommend testing all seven. Dismissing any of these out of hand could set you back on the road to successfully freelancing. I've made each one work wonderfully for me, and there's no reason they won't work for you too.
Just keep in mind that the beginning is always the hardest part. Once you've proven yourself to a couple clients, you'll be continuously turning down work, and you'll be able to increase your contracting rates higher than you originally thought possible. Think I'm exaggerating? Ask any truly successful freelancer you know.
Here are the strategies and media I'll walk you through:
‍ Your portfolio: personal website, Behance, and Dribbble
personal website, Behance, and Dribbble Freelance marketplaces : Upwork, AngelList, Design Inc, and Webflow Experts
Upwork, AngelList, Design Inc, and Webflow Experts Blogging: Whether on Medium, your own site, or here on Webflow's blog, blogging can be an amazingly effective way to establish yourself as an expert in your field. Share your thoughts and engage in online conversations
Whether on Medium, your own site, or here on Webflow's blog, blogging can be an amazingly effective way to establish yourself as an expert in your field. Share your thoughts and engage in online conversations Template marketplaces: Webflow, CreativeMarket, and ThemeForest
Webflow, CreativeMarket, and ThemeForest Networking: Go where your customers are and talk to them one-on-one.
Go where your customers are and talk to them one-on-one. Word of mouth: Make it easier on yourself… stay in and have people do the talking for you.
Make it easier on yourself… stay in and have people do the talking for you. Hustling: Hack together solutions to get your name out into the wild.
I'll be going into detail on each one, giving you the information you need to start finding clients today. The goal is to give you a sufficient starting customer base that allows you to either quit your job (if that's what you want) or grow your already-established freelancing business.
Ready? Let's do this.
(Oh, and be sure to bookmark this page — it's a living guide. We'll update it with new information as it comes our way through emails, tweets, and in the comments section below.)
Build and update your portfolio website
If you're a web designer, and you don't have your own personal website, with a portfolio, then you have some self-examination to do.
Your portfolio website is step one. You can't lazily email prospective clients a list of links to sites you've worked on. Your personal site should be the crown jewel of your portfolio. You have to prove yourself as a design professional if you want to be taken seriously and secure high pay. Your portfolio is your cred.
None of the rest of this post will hold true if you're lacking a portfolio. If you don't take the time to do this, the next designer will. This is a crowded space, so don't expect cutting corners to work out well.
Once you have a portfolio built, link to it everywhere — even where it doesn't seem relevant: in your email signature, on your social media channels, and on business cards if you have them (yes, cards are old school, but they're still useful for random social encounters … someone's always looking for a website).
You should also create accounts on sites like Dribbble and Behance. These sites have well-established SEO (search engine optimization), so they often show up on the first page of Google. Almost certainly more often than your own portfolio does! Use their SEO advantage to drive more search traffic to your work and site — even if you don't bother engaging on those platforms.
Dribble and Behance were built for designers who want to share their work and get feedback from other professionals. That makes them excellent ways to get your designs seen by potentially thousands of people who may eventually refer you. You might even get really helpful feedback to improve your skills.
(Never design in a vacuum! Even the best designers continually seek and listen closely to feedback from peers, colleagues, and others. You can always grow as a designer.)
Of course, building a portfolio requires detailed, time-consuming work. So when you sign up for Webflow, be sure to fill your public portfolio with your best work. It's low-effort, and has already brought many designers a wealth of job inquiries. Other designers, companies, and would-be clients can follow you and message you about contracts.
Remember, don't just wait for people to come to you — make it easy for them to stumble on your work in so many different places that they'll have no choice but to reach out. Seriously — this can have a significant impact the volume of work you get.
Why? Because once you have even a couple contracts in place, it's much easier to get more. Freelancing is a career path built on referrals. Good designers who reliably produce quality work always get referred, especially if they're easy to work with.
(In fact, being an enjoyable person to work with matters more than how good your portfolio is. Life is short, and people want to work with good people.)
If you're looking for inspiration for your portfolio site, we have a list of some of the best sources of web design inspiration on the web, or if you want help getting started, you can check out the portfolio templates on Webflow.
If there's one secret to freelance design and development, it's that you only have to put serious energy into securing your first few contracts. The rest will come more naturally.
Freelance job marketplaces
Upwork
Upwork is an online marketplace designed to connect freelancers with prospective clients. Create a profile, upload your portfolio, and start bidding on contracts. You can even apply for jobs you might not feel totally qualified for yet — that's how you grow and become an even better designer.
One thing to note before you join Upwork: You'll probably notice a lot of bids far below a rate you'd be comfortable working for.
Don't let this discourage you. I consistently won over 50% of my bids on Upwork, even when I was vying against 30 other people asking for significantly less.
Why? Because employers don't want to waste their time. They generally prefer to work with skillful communicators who don't come with the baggage of a 16-hour time difference. In other words, no, clients on these platforms don't just care about how much they're paying. They want quality. Massive companies like GoDaddy and Fortune 500's rely on these platforms. Don't dismiss them.
If you're not comfortable with written communication, honing your English and your writing will be more important than improving your portfolio. That's priority number one. Otherwise, international work (or work in the biggest markets) will often be hard to find — or disproportionately low-paying.
Two quick tips for Upwork:
Complete your profile ASAP — their algorithms will rank you higher in search results! Work toward Top Rated status so you can get priority access to the best-paying jobs
AngelList
The combined startup/employment directory AngelList provides another fantastic place to find freelance work. Companies searching for skilled employees there range from “dude in a basement” to booming enterprises like Uber and Stripe, so it's an excellent place to secure contract work with a well-funded startup.
Just create a profile, search for jobs, and — if your portfolio is up to par — expect quite a few to come looking for you. A junior developer friend I recently visited had a Skype call with a new company from AngelList every day I was there — so believe me, it works.
If the position excites you, and there's a great fit with the startup, you could even consider joining the team full-time, and gain serious equity in the process! Welcome to startupland.
Design Inc
Design Inc is one of the newest marketplaces out there and I've seen people raving about it on Twitter (on both the designer and the client side).
They have a bit of a different model than most freelancer marketplaces: you pay to bid on projects. Might seem a bit weird at first, but it keeps the talent pool high-quality, which means the projects and clients are high-quality as well. Learn how Design Inc works.
Webflow Experts
Our Webflow Experts site is shaping up to be a great channel for freelancers. Now, you can not only design, ship, host, and bill your clients through Webflow, you also can find your clients.
Apply to become a Webflow Expert.
Start blogging
‍Write your thoughts down. Share them.
Product Hunt's Ryan Hoover recently wrote about how building an audience is the best first step to recruiting a great cofounder or startup team, and the same goes for finding clients when freelancing.
Writing intelligently about the topics you're most passionate about can position you as an expert in your field. It's the quickest way to garner credibility, awareness, and — if you take the time to thoughtfully share your posts with the right people — some much-needed traffic to your portfolio.
Start your blog on your personal site, and repost to Medium a few days later. Write useful and relevant industry content. Make sure to let your personality shine through your posts. Remember, clients want to work with good, interesting people, and your writing can show that you're exactly that.
So show your prospects that you have impressive insights and opinions, and the desire to help others by sharing them. This is all about building your personal brand. It'll undoubtedly turn some people away, but those people would be terrible clients for you anyway. Be yourself and you'll attract people who will wind up loving working with you.
Don't expect a monsoon of visits to start with. Like all things that matter, building an audience takes time, patience, consistency, and some marketing. Do not get discouraged. A blog is a long-term investment in yourself. You'll always get some value out of it, even if it's not in the form of paying clients. A few views from the right people can mean infinitely more than a million views that lead nowhere. Numbers aren't everything. Create as many opportunities as possible for inbound serendipity.
Just know that the work doesn't end after you hit Publish. Promote your blog by posting it on social media platforms, Hacker News, Reddit, and contacting newsletters, article curators, and other bloggers/tweeters in the industry who might find your post useful and share-worthy.
Just don't be spammy about it. The purpose is to educate, not self-promote.
Template marketplaces
Designing website templates and releasing them is not only an excellent way to earn passive income — i.e., get paid even while you sleep — but it's also an excellent way to get publicity and experience. If people see and buy your templates on Webflow, Creative Market, or Themeforest, then they're seeing — and even better, experiencing — living, breathing examples of your work.
These individuals will be likely to contact you with a request to fully customize the design of their pre-existing site, and that could pay very well.
It gets even cooler though: Having your own portfolio of templates will speed up future client work by giving you a base of readymade designs to work from! Plus, templates are a great excuse to add content to your portfolio. See why it's so important to have a portfolio?
‍The Webflow Template Marketplace
The Webflow template marketplace is the newest of the three but still has the potential to bring in a nice stream of passive income. The great part about making your templates in Webflow is that you can still sell them on Themeforest and Creative Market as well. And for selling templates, distribution is the name of the game.
Creative Market
Creative Market is another great marketplace, not just for templates but for anything design-related, from fonts to photos and even design patterns, you can monetize all your work.
Themeforest
Themeforest is definitely one of the most well-known out there. Just know that they have one of the largest audiences and inventories on the web, so you'll need to do more promotion to make that channel work for you.
Earlier this month, we brought you an in-depth look inside Islamic State's sprawling propaganda machine.
As outlined extensively by Charlie Winter in a study entitled "Documenting The Virtual 'Caliphate'”, ISIS produces nearly 40 pieces of propaganda each day in various formats ranging from video, to print, to radio.
The workload is divided between dozens of individual production units hailing from all corners of the caliphate from Libya to Raqqa to Mosul. Here's Winter's org chart which shows how each discrete unit fits into the larger picture:
And here's how each of the various “Wilayats” contribute to what is truly an impressive effort in terms of output:
As we discussed, Islamic State's propaganda machine is a critical part of the group's highly successful recruiting efforts. The following graphic should give you a decent idea of how many foreigners have traveled to fight with Islamic State in Iraq and Syria:
(Source: Soufan Group)
Put simply: recruitment on that scale would be all but impossible in the absence of the al-Hayat Media Center and its myriad offshoots.
Importantly, ISIS propaganda isn't limited to murder montages. In fact, quite a bit of Islamic State media focuses on portraying life in the "caliphate." The idea, of course, is to project some semblance of normalcy - to show potential recruits that a society governed by Sharia Law can still have the trappings of modernity. Here's a breakdown of ISIS propaganda by topic:
Given all of this, one would certainly think that the US would be interested in dismantling the network that serves as Islamic State's recruiting arm. After all, if the group can't replace the fighters killed on the battlefield, its ranks will shrivel. As it turns out, the US has "spent months" mapping the locations of the various media production units shown in the org chart above. Despite knowing their locations, Washington has refrained from destroying them - supposedly for fear of inflicting civilian casualties.
Here's The Washington Times with more:
Intelligence officials have spent months mapping out known physical locations of media safe houses where the extremist group's operatives are compiling, editing and curating raw video and print materials into finished digital propaganda products for dissemination across the Internet.
Most of the locations are embedded in heavily residential areas in Syria, Iraq and Libya and are not being targeted by U.S. airstrikes because of Obama administration concerns about civilian casualties, according to sources who spoke to The Washington Times only on the condition of anonymity.
Critics, including a growing number of lawmakers on Capitol Hill and some current and former officials directly involved in the project, say the administration's effort is badly mismanaged and underfunded, allowing the Islamic State to maintain a physical footprint of media production houses upon which creation of the terrorist group's most influential products depends.
The propaganda operation's vastness and sophistication are considered unprecedented in Islamic terrorism. Although its penetration across the Internet relies on a seemingly endless spray of links posted by the Islamic State on social media sites, it is the core media products that such links lead back to that analysts describe as most worrisome.
Twelve issues of the group's official propaganda magazine Dabiq are now online in several languages, including Arabic, English, Russian, French and Turkish. The shiny content, organizational integrity and layout are more thorough and professional than those of many American newsmagazines.
More striking for the visually driven young audience are the dozens of highly curated recruiting videos that Islamic State operatives have produced using elaborate graphic animations, special effects, live-action speed edits and Hollywood-quality voice-overs.
As The Times goes on to note, "the notion that U.S. officials possess such information is confounding to some analysts."
“Obviously, if we know where they're producing the propaganda, we should be doing everything we can to destroy their facilities,” said William McCants, a Brookings Institution scholar and former State Department senior adviser for countering violent extremism.
Yes, "obviously." Just like the US should "obviously" be destroying the ISIS oil convoys which help the group generate between $500 million and $1 billion per year in revenue. Of course the argument for not striking the oil trucks is the same as that outlined above for not hitting the media production centers: collateral damage.
So ultimately, the two most important pieces of the Islamic State puzzle are the illicit oil trafficking business (that's where the money comes from) and the propaganda machine (which serves as the group's recruiting arm). The US could, if it chose, eliminate both but refuses to do so out of respect for the civilians who might perish in the mayhem.
As we discussed in the context of the oil convoys, it seems rather odd that The Pentagon, which just two months ago fired indiscriminately on an MSF hospital in Kunduz killing dozens of civilians, and the CIA, which runs a drone program that misses its intended target 90% of the time on the way to claiming countless innocent lives, is suddenly so concerned about collateral damage that the US is helpless to stop Islamic State from getting rich both in terms of blood money and in terms of recruits.
Those of a skeptical persuasion might be inclined to suggest that the US is deliberately keeping the media units operational just as Washington has avoided hitting the oil convoys. After all, if Islamic State stops recruiting, they may disappear and if the public is no longer subjected to Hollywood-esque executions filmed in sparkling 1080p, Americans may forget why the US needs to be in Syria - and we can't have that.
On that note, we'll close with a quote from an unnamed official who suggested that the US needs to keep the ISIS propaganda machine operational so Washignton can "learn" from it.
Golden State Warriors owner Joe Lacob, who criticized Mark Jackson's management skills and likability last week, apologized to his former coach Sunday.
"I have a tremendous amount of respect for Mark Jackson and what he accomplished as our head coach," Lacob wrote in an email to the Bay Area News Group. "He did a terrific job. I've said that many times over the last several months and in recent days, including at this week's event.
Warriors owner Joe Lacob apologized for last week's critical comments regarding former coach Mark Jackson. AP Photo/Jeff Chiu
"I was asked to draw comparisons earlier this week between building businesses in the tech world and the sports world and, unfortunately, I used some poor judgment. That's my mistake. I did attempt to reach out to Mark on Friday, and I certainly apologize for my comments and any unintended harm. I know that Mark will succeed again in this business."
On Wednesday, Lacob explained details behind Jackson's firing to InsideBayArea.com, including that the coach was disliked by many in the organization.
Of the firing, Lacob said, "Part of it was, he couldn't get along with anybody else in the organization. And, look, he did a great job -- and I'll always compliment him in many respects -- but you can't have 200 other people in the organization not like you."
Lacob described Jackson's style as something the Warriors initially needed to change for the culture of the organization, even though Jackson was an inexperienced coach who the owner said "didn't know X's and O's, really."
Lacob said the key was to hire an experienced staff around Jackson, an idea that was met with resistance from him.
"You can't have a staff underneath you that isn't that good," Lacob said. "And if you're going to get better, you've got to have really good assistants. You've got to have people that can be there to replace you. We all know this from all of our companies. It's ... Management 101."
Jackson, now an ESPN analyst, was fired in May after helping the Warriors to a 51-31 regular-season record and a first-round playoff showing last season. After the firing, he said he regretted his handling of two assistants at the end of the regular season. The Warriors reassigned Brian Scalabrine to the D-League because of what Jackson called a "difference in philosophies." Then the Warriors fired Darren Erman on April 5 for reportedly recording conversations during coaches' meetings and discussions between coaches and players without their knowledge.
First-year coach Steve Kerr, hired to replace Jackson, has the Warriors off to an NBA-best 17-2 record.
ESPN.com's Ethan Sherwood Strauss contributed to this report.
New Delhi: India and the US have resolved differences over public stockholding of foodgrains with the US agreeing to an indefinite “peace clause" pending a permanent settlement—a development that makes possible the most significant global deal since the 1990s.
US support for the massive public food stockholding programme also signals a political victory for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who seems to have won the deal without any major concessions—at least, not to public knowledge.
The two countries have reached an understanding on implementation of the agreements reached at the December 2013 World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial meetings in Bali, Indonesia, on food security programmes maintained by some developing countries, both governments said on Thursday.
The so-called peace clause gives legal security to member-countries and protects them from being challenged under other WTO agreements.
“This will end the impasse at the WTO and also open the way for implementation of the trade facilitation agreement (TFA)," commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
The India-US compromise should now go before an 11-12 December meeting of WTO's general council, its highest decision-making body, for ratification, Sitharaman added. She did not comment on the contents of this proposal.
“This is a huge plus for the world trading system—it uncorks TFA and potentially other deals," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian Economics Research at HSBC in Singapore. “From Modi's perspective, it's a major victory to say we've got an indefinite stay of execution on our food subsidy scheme," he added.
India's insistence on an indefinite peace clause allowing developing countries to maintain their food security programmes until a permanent solution is found to the issue, and linking it to the TFA, scuttled WTO efforts to put the TFA in place by 31 July. The TFA would have been the first multilateral trade agreement in the nearly 20-year history of WTO.
The India-US understanding will pave the way for the implementation of the TFA, which is meant to simplify customs procedures, facilitate the speedy release of goods from ports and cut transaction costs.
“The bilateral agreement makes clear that a mechanism under which WTO Members will not challenge such food security programs under WTO dispute settlement procedures will remain in place until a permanent solution regarding this issue has been agreed and adopted," US trade representative Michael Froman said in a statement.
“On the basis of this breakthrough with India, we now look forward to working with all WTO Members and with Director-General Roberto Azevedo to reach a consensus that enables full implementation of all elements of the landmark Bali Package, including the Trade Facilitation Agreement."
Yet, in a conference call to brief reporters on the deal, Froman declined to answer questions on what concessions India had given in return.
The issue was discussed in detail between US President Barack Obama and Modi during the latter's visit to the US in September.
India had earlier refused to ratify the TFA till its concerns over finding a permanent solution on the issue of food security and public stockholding were addressed.
India drew flak from the US and other developed countries, which had proposed a four-year peace clause on the issue of food security programmes, for thwarting the TFA.
“Everyone has an interest in getting the TFA through, including India," Lalit Mansingh, former foreign secretary and ex-ambassador to the US, said on Thursday.
Developing countries opposed a WTO rule that caps subsidies to farmers at 10% of the total value of agricultural production, based on 1986-88 prices. They pointed out that the base year was now outdated and they need to be given leeway to stock enough foodgrains for food security of millions of their poor.
Implicitly criticizing the previous United Progressive Alliance government for signing the Bali agreement, Sitharaman said, “The point of difference (between the India and the US) was that the Bali agreement was imperfect. The Bali's agreement imperfection has to be corrected. A course correction was what we wanted."
WTO's inability to put the TFA in place by its July deadline had sparked pessimism over the future of the organisation.
On Thursday, WTO's Azevêdo said the India-US breakthrough “represents a significant step in efforts to get the Bali package and the multilateral trading system back on track".
“Advancing our work toward a permanent solution on public stockholding and the implementation of the Trade Facilitation Agreement, including its provisions for technical assistance for developing countries, will be integral to this work," he said in a statement e-mailed from his office.
While stressing that the India-US understanding would represent a major step forward, Azevedo stressed that members would need to redouble their efforts in order to minimize the delays provoked by the impasse on the conclusion of the post-Bali work programme. Azevêdo had earlier threatened to abandon the consensus principle on which WTO operates after India's blockage plunged the 160-member group into its worst crisis in two decades.
Modi instructed aides early last week to strike a deal. Throughout the impasse, Indian officials expressed quiet confidence that Azevedo would not win enough backing to follow through on his threat.
EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said in a statement from Brussels that the India-US announcement marked an “important breakthrough which will lead to the full implementation of the landmark Bali package".
“Together with the recent progress in negotiations on the expansions of the Information Technology Agreement, today's breakthrough on the Bali agreements demonstrates that the WTO can deliver meaningful trade liberalisation results which will greatly contribute to the growth of the global economy, “ she said.
Still, the deal between India and the US raises two sets of concerns, according to Biswajit Dhar, professor at the School of Social Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University.
“Critical decisions such as the one taken today should have been taken in the multilateral forum. The decision shows that the US continues to have an overwhelming presence in the WTO, which it can use to broker deals in the organization. Since the Doha ministerial conference, emerging economies like India have been making their presence felt in the WTO, and it is to be seen whether their position would be affected as a result of this development," he said.
Dhar also cautioned that an indefinite peace clause could imply that a permanent solution will never be found.
Reuters contributed to this story.
The Wisconsin Badgers will go for their 13th straight win over the Minnesota Golden Gophers on Saturday for the Battle of Paul Bunyan's Axe.
In the longest running rivalry, and one of the most even series in college football, the Wisconsin Badgers will look to continue their dominance over their rivals from the west when the Minnesota Golden Gophers enter Camp Randall on Saturday.
The Gophers lead the all-time series by just one win, owning a 59-58-8 advantage over the Badgers, despite losing the last 12 meetings. The first matchup between the two came all the way back in 1890 when the Gophers handled the Badgers swimmingly, winning 63-0 in the inaugural rivalry game.
Saturday will be the rivalry's 126th meeting and will have a lot at stake, especially for the Badgers. Wisconsin can win the Big Ten West and keep their College Football Playoff hopes alive with a victory, while Minnesota can improve to 9-3 overall on the season and end the drought versus the Badgers.
With a lot riding on the game, join us as we revisit some of the best moments in this historic rivalry.
Bringing policing closer to the people, Assam Police will roll out its ambitious "Citizen Portal" from January 1 as a pilot project by offering a host of services like tenant or staff verification, issue of character certificate and event request.
"We will initially offer only a few services during the pilot launching of the site. The e-services will be available to citizens having internet connections, enabling them to avail the services without having to go to police stations," Assam Additional Director General of Police (Communication) Anil Kumar Jha said.
The portal, which will be launched on Friday and its performance monitored for the first two months, is being developed under Crime and Criminal Tracking Network & Systems (CCTNS) project, he said.
"The site will initially offer services like tenant, domestic help or employee verification, character certificate and requests for protest, strike, procession and organising events. Once the testing is successful, more online services will be opened," Jha said.
The address of the portal is www.assampolice.assam.gov.in and all police stations having an internet connection are connected with the system.
He said that the next step would be to include registration of complaints through the Citizen Portal. "The biggest grievance against police stations that we get from the public is non-registration of complaints. By allowing complaint registration through the Citizen Portal, this bottleneck will go away. Anyone will be able to file a complaint from anywhere and nobody needs to request anyone," Jha said.
In Assam, the CCTNS project implementation has been completed in 312 police stations and 154 offices of higher officials, with continuing digitisation of the FIRs across the state.
"In 2015, around 1.04 lakh FIRs have been registered across the state, of which over 96 per cent cases have already been digitised. The CCTNS system has also integrated the Vahan software with all police stations to directly upload the status of stolen and recovered vehicles," Jha said.
He, however, said 97 police stations were currently working offline as standalone units due to non-availability of internet connectivity as most of them are located in remote areas.
We stand for the principle
that every life is precious.
ANNUAL REPORT
View our annual report for our most recent fiscal year, which ended September 30, 2018. WINTER TRAINING CLASSES
From puppy classes to agility classes, there is sure to be something just right for you and your four-legged friend. Our new winter training classes are now enrolling! You can learn more about each class here. REGISTER FOR THE 17th ANNUAL DOG JOG AND 5K RUN
Lace up your sneakers and register for 2019's Dog Jog and 5K Run on Saturday, March 23! ABOUT US
The Richmond SPCA is an independent nonprofit, which is not a chapter or affiliate of any other organization with Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in its name, including but not limited to the ASPCA. Richmond SPCA Blog Headlines only Pyometra: a medical emergency in intact female dogs and cats
Overpopulation, mammary and reproductive cancers, urine marking: these issues are some of the more commonly understood consequences associated with not spaying our pets. On this World Spay Day, we hope to bring awareness to a lesser known risk for intact female dogs and cats: pyometra. While completely avoidable through spaying,...
We Were Adopted (February 18-24, 2019)
Over 45 pets found a loving, lasting home this past week! If you love our pets, but are not in a position to adopt, consider supporting our homeless pets by purchasing tickets for our Dog Jog and 5K Run raffle! Win a $500 gift certificate to Wegmans, a trip to...
We Were Adopted (February 11-17, 2019)
We had a stellar adoption week with 65 pets finding their guardians! If you love our pets, but are not in a position to adopt, consider supporting our homeless pets by purchasing tickets for our Dog Jog and 5K Run raffle! Win a $500 gift certificate to Wegmans, a trip...
Calendar
Running Buddies TM After Work Run/Walk
5:30 PM - 6:30 PM
More Events Print View
ActBlue Progressive Candidate Donation Page
The list now Includes State & Federal Candidates !!! – 160 Candidates on Nov ballots on the list !!! Progressive, Berniecrats, Primary Winners, 2016 State & Federal Candidates, an ActBlue $$$ Page.
All Candidates on this list were taken from the BernieCrats Progressive Candidate network list for Candidates that had ActBlue fundraising pages
Please consider adding your $$$ to the $54,000+ in 21,000+ very small donations the ActBlue site has received for these candidates so far in 2016 !!!
Change begins with you. These 160 candidates are anchor candidates for progressive change in our future. Each day they are working hard for us to enact real change.
PLEASE DONATE – SHARE and SUPPORT TODAY !!!! THANK YOU!!!!
Please consider adding to the $54,000+ in 21,000+ very small donations the ActBlue site has received for these candidates so far in 2016 !!! Remember, change happens when we help it.
ActBlue Progressive Candidate Donation Page
cut and paste the following to tweet
Progressive-Berniecrats-Primary Winners–160 Candidates-State & Federal Races that YOU can support on 1 ActBlue page– https://theprogressivewing.com/progressive-berniecrats-primary-winners-160-candidates-running-in-2016-state-federal-races-that-you-can-support-on-1-actblue-page-they-need-your-support-today/
Share this: Email
Print
More
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
LinkedIn
TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's media adviser was arrested on Monday in his office by the judiciary, the semi-official Mehr news agency reported, without giving a reason for his arrest.
“A few minutes ago Ali Akbar Javanfekr was arrested after holding a news conference with local media,” Mehr said.
Iranian media reported on Sunday that Javanfekr was sentenced to a year in jail and banned from journalism over a publication which was deemed to have offended public decency.
Javanfekr is also the head of Iran's state news agency IRNA.
Witnesses said “security forces fired tear gas inside the building of the state-run Iran newspaper,” where Javanfekr was giving the news conference.
Related Coverage Iranian boycott mars rare Middle East nuclear talks
Iranian authorities shut down reformist Etemad newspaper on Sunday after it published a scathing attack by Javanfekr on the president's rival conservatives. The daily is banned from publishing for two months for “disseminating lies and insults to officials in the establishment.”
Iran's conservatives accuse Ahmadinejad of being in the thrall of a “deviant current” of advisers seeking to undermine the authority of the clergy in the Islamic Republic's system of government.
Image: Allan Tannenbaum/Getty Images
Commodore tried to upstage Apple by bringing out Andy Warhol and Deborah Harry for its Amiga launch event. It didn't work, but Warhol showed genuine excitement for the platform.
Apple's decision to go big and flashy with its launch of the Macintosh meant that there were some copycats.
Among those copycats in the mid-80s was its most prominent home-computer competitor: Commodore. In 1985, the company brought the Amiga to the public eye in a flashy event at the Lincoln Center in New York City, which you can watch over this way.
The first model of the Amiga had a number of major advantages over the initial iteration of the Mac, including its broad color palette, its impressive animation capabilities, and its ability to multitask. (These capabilities later came in handy in the world of cable television.)
Amiga's software engineering head, Bob Pariseau, was the guy doing most of the talking during the launch event. He was fine, but he was no Steve Jobs.
Fortunately, Commodore had something better than Steve Jobs: Andy Warhol and Deborah Harry, who came out to demo the machine's artistic capabilities.
"Are you ready to paint me?" Harry gamely asked Warhol.
After doing a flood fill on a digital snapshot of Harry—impressive then, and similar to Warhol's silkscreens, but soon something that Microsoft Paint users worldwide could recreate painlessly—an interviewer asked Warhol how the Amiga compared to other machines he had played with.
"I haven't worked on anything. I waited for this one," Warhol responded.
It wasn't actually the first time Warhol had used a computer—the Computer History Museum notes he had briefly played with an early Mac at a birthday party for art-world heir Sean Lennon—but Warhol quickly embraced the Amiga as an important new creative tool. (Before that, he was more excited about Xerox machines.)
In 1986, he showed up on the cover of Amiga World magazine, in an interview where he expressed excitement for the machine. He even produced a short movie with the device—something that didn't get revealed until decades after his 1987 passing.
He may have been pulled into the Amiga event in the name of upstaging Apple, but Andy Warhol's interest in the Amiga was genuine.
Re-Exposure is an occasional Motherboard feature where we look back on delightful old tech photos from wire service archives.
You've undoubtedly heard over and over again about what an absurdly complex entity the human brain is. But a new breakthrough by Japanese and German scientists might finally drive the point home. Taking advantage of the almost 83,000 processors of one of the world's most powerful supercomputers, the team was able to mimic just one percent of one second's worth of human brain activity—and even that took 40 minutes.
Advertisement
Why is it so hard for computers to reproduce what your grey matter does as a matter of course? Volume. The human brain consists of about 200 billion nerve cells (neurons) that are linked together by trillions of connections called synapses. As the tiny electrical impulses shoot across each neuron, they have to travel through these synapses, each of which contains about 1000 different switches that route that electrical impulse. In total, one human brain could contain hundreds of trillions of these neural pathways. It's like a Choosey Your Own Adventure book that stretches from here to Jupiter.
Enter the Fujitsu K computer, which while no longer the world's fastest (it was the top-ranked supercomputer in the world in 2011, and now sits in the four-hole), is still a massively powerful beast. To mimic this relatively minuscule amount of brainpower, researchers used the Fujitsu K to connect a total of 1.73 billion virtual nerve cells by 10.4 trillion virtual synapses (with 24 bytes of memory in each synapse). In total, this added up to around one petabyte of memory, which is the equivalent of about 250,000 standard PCs. And remember, all that's still just one percent of what your brain does every single day, in the time it takes to blink a few times.
Some scientists, however, are hoping that's going to change—and soon. Markus Diesmann of the Institute of Neuroscience and Medicine at Germany's Forschungszentrum Julich believes that, within the next decade, we'll be able to use exascale computers—capable of 1000 times one quadrillion operations per second—to represent the entire of the brain "at the level of the individual nerve cell and its synapses." Whether or not we'll actually be able to reach exascale computing by 2020, though, is still up for debate.
Advertisement
This particular exercise was meant simply to "test the limits of the simulation technology developed in the project and the capabilities of K," according to the Japanese research institute RIKEN. But if it takes this much power to hit just one second of one person of what we can do on our own, at the very least, this should help put any fears about an upcoming Singularity to rest—that is, at least for now. [CNET]
One of the worst public works boondoggles in our region is about to get worse unless our elected officials step in. In 2014, the Uptown TIRZ proposed to build dedicated bus lanes down the middle of Post Oak Boulevard. The cost of the project at that time was estimated to be $196 million, with over half that amount coming from local property taxes and the balance coming from State and federal transportation funds. Last week, the Uptown TIRZ went to the Transportation Policy Council asking for an additional $30 million for the project. And trust me, this will not be the last time Uptown comes back with its hand out.
Most of you have probably never heard of the Transportation Policy Council (TPC), but it wields enormous influence over regional mobility projects. It is a committee of the Houston Galveston Area Council (HGAC), which is one of twenty-four regional councils of local governments that were established by the Texas Legislature. Transportation policy councils in each of these regional organizations are made up of local officials who allocate State and federal transportation funds to various road and transit projects within their regions.
There are 27 members on our TPC. Most are elected officials but there are also some appointed positions (such as the Metro chair and TXDOT's district engineer). You can see a complete list of the members [here]
The TPC was notified of Uptown's request for additional State funds on September 22. Because of the size of the request, it could not be approved until the following meeting. Fortunately, both County Judge Ed Emmett and Commissioner Steve Radack expressed concerns about the budget overrun in the meeting. From their comments, it appears they will likely vote against bailing out Uptown, especially since Emmett voted against the project originally. You can watch the video of the meeting [here] . Uptown's request is discussed in agenda item number 5.
Personally, I am very skeptical that the proposed bus lanes will ever achieve the projected ridership or congestion mitigation Uptown claims. We have seen time and again that ridership projections are almost always overly optimistic. Of particular concern is that the project is based on the assumption that commuters will either drive their car or take a park-and-ride to one of the ends of the bus lanes, then switch to the buses for the final leg of their trip. In the transit world this is known as “two-seat trip”, meaning that the commuter must change modes during trip. Historically, commuters have been reluctant to take two-seat trips except in the most congested areas, such as Manhattan.
And the project will undoubtedly impede the flow of vehicular traffic in the Galleria. There is a particularly problematic proposed interchange at Post Oak and the Loop where the bus lanes will transition onto the Loop. I cannot imagine that traffic will not be permanently snarled at that intersection.
But regardless of the future effectiveness of the project, it is simply an idiotic use of $200 million of taxpayer money. I could come up with a list of at least 100 other transportation projects that would represent a better value.
This project was pushed through by TIRZ bureaucrats trying to justify their existence and special interests along Post Oak, some of whom have received multi-million dollar right-of-way payouts. It is wildly unpopular with most of the businesses along Post Oak and residents in the Galleria. Post Oak went from being one of our signature boulevards to a war zone. I cannot even imagine what a nightmare the traffic is going to be during the holiday season.
Much of the work that has been done so far is utility work and right-of-way expansion. Almost nothing has been done to actually begin construction of the bus lanes, which means that it is not too late to scrap this project. A good step in that direction would be for the TPC to turn down Uptown's request for additional funding.
So, I am encouraging everyone to first call Judge Emmett and Commissioner Radack to congratulate them on questioning the request and to encourage them to vote against it when it comes back to the TPC for final approval. You might also consider calling Houston City Council Members David Robinson and Larry Green, who also serve on the TPC, and ask them to vote against the increase.
Finally, it is also time for residents in the Galleria to make it clear to the Uptown board that they are opposed to this project. You can reach the Uptown office at 713-621-2011 or you can email it [here] . You can see a list of their directors at http://www.uptown-houston.com/about/page/tirz-uda-board. If you know any of these members, call them and let them know you are opposed to the project.
This project is crony capitalism at its worst. TIRZs were originally established to help “blighted” neighborhoods. This project is using $200 million of taxpayer money to subsidize a project intended to benefit the most expensive real estate in the City. In the meantime, there are many neighborhoods in our City going begging for basic services, like flood control projects!
It is time to put an end to this boondoggle.
Image copyright AP Image caption If the time is confirmed, Konyukhov will have taken more than two days off the previous record
A Russian balloonist has set a new record for flying non-stop around the world, his support crew have said.
Fyodor Konyukhov's balloon was said to have passed directly over the airfield in the Australian town of Northam where he began his journey 11 days ago.
If his record is confirmed by the World Air Sports Federation, he will have taken more than two days off the record set by American Steve Fossett in 2002.
Konyukhov, 65, landed safely about three hours after passing Northam.
"He's safe, he's sound, he's happy. It's just amazing,'' support crew member John Wallington said from the landing site in West Australia.
"The record is broken, no question. He flew over the same field which he took off from."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Konyukhov was given a boomerang as a gift before setting off from Northam
Konyukhov's route took him from Australia to above New Zealand, the Pacific Ocean, South America, the Cape of Good Hope and the Southern Ocean.
As he made his way back to Australia, his website reported his comments as a polar jet stream pushed him towards Antarctica.
It is "scary to be so down south and away from civilisation," he said. "This place feels very lonely and remote. No land, no planes, no ships."
His crew said the balloon, which is 56m (183ft) tall and uses helium and hot air, covered the route in 11 days and six hours, beating Fossett's record by more than two days.
The American, who also started from Northam, took 13 days and eight hours in setting his record.
There has been no immediate comment by the World Air Sports Federation.
(Photo: Sipa USA via AP/Anthony Behar) Candidates for U.S. citizenship hold American flags during a naturalization ceremony for new citizens in New York City on January 13, 2017.
Consider the paddy wagon. From the mid-19th century through the mid-20th, this was the common term for the vehicles in which police hauled convicts and arrestees to jails, courts, and prisons. Consider, now, the origin of the term. The “paddies” were Irish immigrants, who were flocking to the United States in the 1840s and 1850s, fleeing the great famine that had descended on Ireland. And the Irish, some right-thinking Protestant Americans believed, were inherently a criminal bunch.
In the 1840s and 1850s, there were enough of those right-thinking Americans to form a political party: The American Party, they called it, though (because when asked about their doings, many apparently paranoid members responded, “I know nothing”) it soon came to be known as the Know Nothings. With Irish and German immigrants flooding into the country (the Germans largely fleeing the repression that followed the failed revolutions of 1848), the Know Nothings experienced a brief surge of popularity until the far greater conflict between slave states and free states led to a more fundamental reshuffling of political parties. Some Know Nothings drifted into the ranks of the newly formed Republican Party. One early GOP leader, Abraham Lincoln, did everything he could to squelch their influence and make clear that German, Irish, and all other immigrants were welcome additions to the party and the nation.
Like most immigrant groups, the Irish took the hardest, most thankless jobs—building the railroads, for instance. Nonetheless, the nativist leaders of the time—the 1850s precursors to Donald Trump and his ilk—insisted that guys with names like Hannity and O'Reilly were inherently disposed to crime and violence, undeterred by the absence of data that backed up their claims.
'Twas ever thus. Italians were criminals or anarchists; Jews were criminals (as in The Great Gatsby) or communists; Mexicans, according to our new president, are rapists and murderers. Never mind, as a recent voluminous study by the National Academy of Sciences makes clear, that the linkage between immigrants and crime is not merely fictitious but actually inverse: After close statistical analysis, the study concludes, “Immigrants are in fact much less likely to commit crime than natives, and the presence of large numbers of immigrants seems to lower crime rates.” Based on the findings of at least 30 academic papers, the study concludes that foreign-born young men have an incarceration rate that is one-fourth that of native-born, and that “neighborhoods with greater concentrations of immigrants have lower rates of crime and violence” than other socioeconomically equivalent neighborhoods.
Indeed, the growing number of the foreign-born over the past quarter-century goes a long way to explaining the huge drop in crime and violence that the nation has experienced during that time. The number of murders in New York City dropped from 2,245 in 1990 to 330 last year; in Los Angeles County it fell from 1,944 in 1993 to 681 last year, even as the number and share of their foreign-born residents skyrocketed. Nationally, in 2014, violent crime rates were at their lowest level in 20 years, according to the FBI.
The immigrant crime wave that Trump railed about on Wednesday, while announcing that he'd increase the deportations of undocumented immigrants, is just the latest entry in his library of alternative facts, devised to alarm his followers with news of fictitious calamities that he alone can quell. His followers' fears, however, are no more valid than their predecessors' claims that the Irish or the Chinese, say, posed a danger to the United States and that no more of them should be allowed in. They are in the grand tradition of Madison Grant's hugely influential 1916 book The Passing of the Great Race, which argued that the “Nordics” of Northwestern Europe were a superior race to Southern and Eastern Europeans (Italians, Jews, Greeks, et al.), and that immigration from anyplace other than Northwest Europe should be banned. In 1924, Congress did just that, enacting a law that effectively restricted immigration from all but the “Nordic” nations, a law that stayed on the books until the Great Society Congress of 1965 repealed it.
So to those who want to break up immigrant families and send these dangerous Mexicans back to their homeland: Why stop there? Donald Trump's claims about the dangers posed by Mexicans are no more valid than Madison Grant's about the Italian and Jewish menace, or the Know Nothings' about the inherent criminal tendencies of the Irish. Deporting the Gonzalezes makes sense only if we also deport the O'Reillys and the Hannitys and, yes, the Meyersons. See you all, my fellow Americans, on some distant shore.
A different version of this column ran in The Washington Post in October 2015.
Quote:
Besides the wording of WWE's statement and fact that Punk dealt with his issues with WWE intelligently (in the sense he didn't talk about his situation until he had a legal settlement from the company), there's something else that gives his allegations an air of truth: the same thing happened to Bob Holly when Dr. Ferdinand Rios was in Amann's role.
In his book, The Hardcore Truth, Holly wrote about what happened to him the day Eddie Guerrero died. He had found a bump on his underarm that wouldn't go away. "By the time I got to Minneapolis, I felt like I had the flu. Dr. Rios checked me out backstage and said I had a staph infection and it had spread to the forearm. He told Johnny Laurinaitis that I was really sick and needed to go to the hospital to get it taken care of. Johnny said that I was needed on the overseas tour, so the hospital would have to wait. I'm not one to complain but even I said to Johnny, 'I'm as sick as hell, man.' Johnny insisted I go overseas. I thought it was just another case of working hurt—you work through it and it goes away eventually. If I'd refused to go, they would have probably fired me. Maybe that's how Eddie had felt."
By the time they got to Germany, Holly's forearm had swollen up to twice its normal size. Rios attempted to drain the infection, but it didn't help; the infection had spread to the bone and Holly was hospitalized: he had MRSA. Surgery didn't work, so they put him on Vancomycin, the "last resort" antibiotic. It worked. The doctors told him that arm would have been amputated from the shoulder down if it hadn't, and quotes one of them as saying that "That man [Laurinaitis] is the reason you ended up in the hospital and nearly lost your arm."
Holly even wrote that "Because they'd gone against Dr. Rios's orders, the company was very liable and they knew that they had set themselves up for a huge lawsuit. I could tell because they were kissing my ass the whole time I was off, telling me not to worry about anything and that they'd get me anything I needed." By the way, you know how Laurinaitis said Holly was needed on the tour? He was in a battle royal every night.
Stardock announced its next major PC game, Elemental: War of Magic today. Stardock, the company that has released such award-winning PC games such as Galactic Civilizations, Ironclad's Sins of a Solar Empire and is nearing the release date of Gas Powered Games' Demigod has set the retail launch date of Elemental: War of Magic (www.elementalgame.com) for the first quarter of 2010 at $49.95 with a public beta starting next Spring.
Like all Stardock titles, Elemental: War of Magic will include no on-disk DRM and will be available for re-download and updates through the Impulse digital distribution platform (www.impulsedriven.com) regardless of wherever it is purchased.
Elemental: War of Magic is set in a world filled with magic and ancient lore. As the ruler of your kingdom, you must expand your empire through a combination of magical power, military might, diplomatic skill, technological advancement and bold adventuring. Your worlds will be of your choosing, or players are free to create their own.
The story of Elemental: War of Magic begins with an immersive single player campaign with you being the only person in your kingdom with the ability to channel magic through mysterious shards of magic that are scattered across the world. These shards, a result of a tremendous cataclysm that occurred a century prior when powerful beings waged war across the world, are the source of much of the world's magic.
With the powers of old now gone, you now hold the key to the use of magic in your land. As ruler of your land and a channeler of magic, you must decide how much of your power to imbue into your heroes as you build new cities, explore dungeons, perfect spells of ever-increasing power and negotiate with friends and foes alike. Other channelers in the world, whether they be of the race of Men, The Fallen or the Beasts, are also able to access magic and may not share your vision of the world.
Harnessing the technology of ImpulseReactor™, ground-breaking multiplayer modes include traditional skirmish modes as well as a persistent universe mode. Additionally, integrated modding support allows players to submit maps, items, creatures, races, technologies, spells, buildings, environments and much more from right within the game and become available to all players of the game seamlessly.
A public beta is scheduled for the second quarter of 2009. For more information, please visit www.stardock.com or www.elementalgame.com.
They came. They went. Big Dog Motorcycles got into the fat-backed chopper craze at the height of its popularity, celebrating 25,000 production units on its 15th anniversary in 2009. Two years later, the business went under, decreasing sales and loans for discretionary income dried up. Thus the fad of 10-foot-long choppers with monster V-Twins, 300mm rears, and an overabundance of polished chrome rose and fell in the U.S.
But the market for these styles of motorcycles hadn't completely dried up, shifting to other parts of the world to locales like Qatar, Indonesia, and Europe.
“When Big Dog Motorcycles closed, our distributors in Europe decided, we were starting to see a lot of growth there, in Europe, and without a supply of motorcycles it left an opportunity for a group like ourselves to come in and design a motorcycle that works on a global scale,” said Matt Moore of Kansas Motorcycle Works on YouTube.
Moore is the former Director of Sales for Big Dog who helped run BDM Performance Parts after the motorcycle division went down. BDM Performance Parts was the company formed afterwards that sold parts and accessories to Big Dog and Harley owners which Intrust Bank foreclosed on November of 2013. Now Moore is helping spearhead Kansas Motorcycle Works along with Ivan Dewit, the duo drawing on their experiences with Big Dog, Ultra Cycles and Volvo.
Kansas Motorcycle Works is a garage that keeps busy by repairing and customizing Big Dogs and comparable choppers, but also lists two production bikes on its website, the Regulator and Gunfighter. The formula is familiar, an 111 cubic-inch S&S engine with S&S Super E Carbs in an oversized frame, its 41mm telescopic fork 10-inches over stock. Both motorcycles run a Jims 6-speed transmission, Performance Machine 4-piston calipers all-the-way-around, and 250mm Avons out back. They two mirror the Big Dog Ridgeback and Mastiff, the primary differences intake and pipes. Prices for each reportedly starts at $28,950.
The Kansas Motorcycle Works website states, “The first prototypes were completed and debuted in May 2013 at the Big Bike Europe expo in Essen, Germany. The Motorcycles carry a full ‘Certificate-of-Conformity' AKA ‘Type Approval' that certify the motorcycles conform to road-going regulations in Europe and most other countries in the world. KMW is currently seeking honorable dealerships to join our growing network and customers seeking the American Chopper Experience.”
According to a Dealernews.com report, the bikes aren't certified yet for the United States but Moore is working on it. Meanwhile, it will be building the models in limited production for distribution in Europe.
Trends are cyclical, so these style of motorcycles will eventually creep back into vogue, but not anytime soon in the US market. But a sliver of a market exists in other countries, and Moore had the right connections and know-how from his Big Dog days to get his bikes to one of those markets. Including a shop and offering service on the thousands of Big Dog Motorcycles still out there strengthens his business portfolio, especially with the network of former dealers he's already plugged into. We just saw quite a few on the road in Sturgis last month, so the style hasn't faded for all. Kansas Motorcycle Works is banking on the fact it won't.
Harry Potter wasn't the first literary figure to suffer the indignity of living in a cupboard. In similar fashion, a child is kept in a broom closet in Ursula K Le Guin's 1973 short story ‘The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas' to perpetually suffer so the citizens of the utopian city Omelas can prosper.
Like Harry's family, the citizens of Omelas do their best to ignore the existence of the child – the suffering is a price they gladly acquiesce. And now Le Guin's story – for so long an instigator of classroom debate about morality – is becoming increasingly relevant as an allegory on the ongoing refugee crisis.
Ethical catch-22
In similar fashion to how the innocent child is mistreated outside of public scrutiny, the refugees find themselves facing un-necessarily harsh conditions in asylum centres. Just like the child, if they were allowed to go free, the idyllic utopia would turn to chaos – its joy and prosperity eradicated. It is an ethical catch-22 – and one that carries serious consequences.
With over 1 million refugees arriving in Europe in 2015 alone, the vision of a borderless continent is under extreme pressure, along with unity and politicians. As more switch their support to far-right options, the continent is convulsing in a mixture of fear, sadness, tolerance and xenophobia.
Conflicted emotions
It is a huge dilemma, believes Hans Lucht, an anthropologist at the Danish Institute for International Studies (DIIS).
“The fact that thousands of migrants and refugees drown trying to reach safety is a challenge to Europe's self-understanding and to our global leadership on humanitarian values,” he told the Copenhagen Post Weekly.
“The majority of people take pity on the refugees, but at the same time legitimately worry what it will mean to their country to receive them.”
Leading the charge
Sine Plambech, a social anthropologist in global transformations at DIIS, stresses the very real differences in the way European countries view the situation and their own responsibility.
“Instead of a unified policy, it has been handled ah-hoc. Little was addressed until it became a catastrophe,” she said.
Countries like Italy and Spain protest that they cannot serve as the gateway to Europe without co-operation and support from their neighbours. Borders and restrictions are popping up everywhere, including Denmark's controversial bill to permit officials to confiscate asylum-seekers' valuables in order to pay for their upkeep.
Once a champion of refugees' rights, the openness and equality that has long defined modern depictions of Scandinavia is waning. Instead it is leading the charge to make Europe a less attractive destination for asylum-seekers.
“Borders are back in Europe,” asserted Lucht. “The real physical borders as well as the more indistinguishable ones – related to documents and travel, socio-economical and racial status.”
Futile measures
Experts agree that the toll, whether measured in lives or money, is harrowing. Close to a thousand migrants have died or disappeared since the beginning of 2016 alone, but public outcry has been muted. It seems that Europe's moral horizon has simply vanished. Instead of aiming for a unified and humanitarian solution, Europe's governments have dithered, unable to come up with a common migration and refugee policy.
Experts have warned that Europe's strategy of avoidance will not work – the masses will continue to flock.
“Spending billions of euros to erect barriers, at sea or on land, will not stop human migration,” Lucht argued in an article in the New York Times. “Desperate people will always resort to desperate measures.”
Plambech agrees. “The migration routes simply become longer and more dangerous,” she said.
“Building walls and erecting boundaries may temporarily redirect them, but then the question is: Where do they go next?”
Unchartered territory
Discovering an exit from this worldview seems an impossible task, and experts have warned there is a long way to go before we see a development in Europe. Widespread media coverage has not prompted a response – rather, the effect has been numbing.
“Sometimes these deaths have the power to shake our political systems – as we saw with the death of Aylan Kurdi – but for the most part we seem to accept their deaths as some kind of necessary evil in the maintenance of a free and prosperous Europe,” contended Lucht.
In terms of the long-term implications, Lucht is unsure.
“We are moving into new territory. Post-war Europe was built on freedom of movement and respect for human rights – both dimensions are now under severe pressure,” he said.
“Article one of The EU's Charter of Fundamental Rights states that ‘Human dignity is inviolable. It must be respected and protected.' How does that correspond to what is happening right now in the Mediterranean?”
Sarah Palin took to Facebook Tuesday night to call the new budget released by Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) a “joke.”
“Holy Moly! Are you kidding?” the former Alaska Governor wrote. “The latest Ryan (R, Wisconsin) Budget is not an April Fool's joke. But it really IS a joke because it is STILL not seeing the problem.”
RELATED: Allow Sarah Palin's New Theme Song to Tell You What's Truly American
“THIS is the definition of insanity,” Palin continued with her own caps. “Do we still not understand how dangerous it is to allow government to grow unchecked as we shackle ourselves with massive debt – a good portion of which is held by foreign nations who don't necessarily like us? If we can't balance the budget today, what on earth makes us think it will happen at some future date?”
Ryan's budgets are usually excoriated for cutting too much from discretionary spending; Palin is one of the few criticizing him for not cutting enough.
——
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
It is not often that one man has such a profound impact on the world and the field of public policy. Thomas Schelling was such a man. It is with great sadness that we share with you news of his passing this morning.
Schelling found his home at the University of Maryland School of Public Policy and Department of Economics in 1990, after twenty years at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. In 2005 he won the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences "for having enhanced our understanding of conflict and cooperation through game-theory analysis."
The breadth of his academic interests, publications, and his impact on public policy was as far-reaching as his supporters and followers.
While Tom was best known for receiving the Nobel Prize, to us he was a teacher, leader and a truly beloved member of our community. His presence, ideas and collaborations were valued by his colleagues, and the grand connections he forged far and wide were humbled by his personal ties with his appreciative students. In fact at one Maryland Day, students celebrated his success by noshing on Tom's favorite sandwich - peanut butter and jelly on raisin bread.
Tom was an extraordinary human being who leaves a legacy in the School and on campus that is unique.
We welcome you to share your reflections and remembrances of Tom. We will share them with his wife, Alice, and family.
Note: There will be a short delay from the time of submission to the posting being live on the site.
BREAKING BAD, #502 (Additional Roles)
Director: Michelle MacLaren
Writer: Vince Gilligan
Location: Albuquerque , New Mexico
Start Date: o/a 4/9/12 - 4/18/12
[HERR SCHULER] 60ish. Male. German. A large man with a hang-dog expression. He's a corporate executive, vacant eyed and miserable. He joylessly samples his company's food products. Think Bruno Ganz type. ALL DIALOGUE IN GERMAN. MUST SPEAK GERMAN. ONE DAY GUEST STAR / POSSIBLE GUEST STAR
[HERR HERZOG] 50-70. Male. German. The distinguished CEO of a German corporation, he's well dressed, powerful and speaks perfect English with a German accent. The Steve Jobs of his company. He speaks softly and earnestly but knows how to handle any given situation. ONE DAY GUEST STAR / POSSIBLE GUEST STAR
[CHIEF FOOD TECHNICIAN] 30-45. Male. German. The leader of a group of lab-coated techs, this German man is officious, enthusiastic about his job, an eager hard worker. ALL DIALOGUE IN GERMAN. MUST SPEAK FLUENT GERMAN. ONE DAY GUEST STAR / POSSIBLE GUEST STAR
[SECRETARY] 35-45. Female. A corporate secretary who is a model of tact. Must speak German. CO-STAR
[NANNY] 35 to 55. Female. A Mexican woman working as a nanny for a wealthy woman. She speaks in broken, accented English. CO-STAR / POSSIBLY RECURRING
Source: IMDB
History
Games
Steam
Other projects
Finances
Valve does not make its finances public. In 2005, Forbes estimated that Valve had grossed $70 million that year. Ed Barton, a Screen Digest analyst, estimated Valve's 2010 revenue to be in the "high hundreds of millions of dollars". As of 2011 , the company had an estimated worth of $2 to 4 billion, and according to Newell, it was the most profitable company per employee in the United States. Most of Valve's revenue comes from Steam, which controlled 50 to 70% of the market for downloaded PC games in 2011.[81]
Organizational structure
Valve's early structure was similar to other development firms; this was principally driven by the nature of physical game releases through publishers that required tasks to be completed by given deadlines, requiring a more regimented structure.[82] As the company moved to digital releases where they serve as their own publisher, the structure has become a flat organization. Valve publicly published their employee handbook in 2012,[83][84] demonstrating at that time that outside of executive management, there were no bosses, and the company used an open allocation system, allowing employees to move between departments at will.[85][86] This approach allows employees to work on whatever interests them, but requires them to take ownership of their product and mistakes they may make, according to Newell. Newell recognized that this structure works well for some but that "there are plenty of great developers for whom this is a terrible place to work".[82] Economist Yanis Varoufakis, the former Finance Minister of Greece, worked as an economic consultant for Valve; he attempted to place Valve's organization in the context of theories of the firm and broader economic thinking.[87][88][89] Former employee Jeri Ellsworth criticized the structure as "a lot like high school" in that certain employees have more influence than others.[90]
Legal disputes
"Valve Time"
"Valve Time" redirects here. For timing of the opening and closing of valves, see Valve timing "Valve Time" is an industry term used jokingly with game releases from Valve, used to acknowledge the difference between the "promised" date for released content stated by Valve and to the "actual" release date; "Valve Time" includes predominant delays but also includes some content that was released earlier than expected. Valve itself has fully acknowledged the term, including tracking known discrepancies between ideal and actual releases on their public development wiki[117] and using it in announcements about such delays.[118][119] Valve ascribes delays to their mentality of team-driven initiatives over corporate deadlines to make sure they provide a high-quality product to their customers.[120] Valve's former business development chief Jason Holtman stated that the company sees themselves as an "oddity" in an industry that looks towards punctual delivery of products; instead, Valve "[tries] as hard as we can to make the best thing possible in the right time frame and get people content they want to consume. And if that takes longer, that's fine".[121] For that, Valve takes the concept of "Valve Time" as a compliment, and that "having customers consistently looking at our property or something you've done and saying, can you give me more" is evidence that they are making the right decisions with their game releases, according to Holtman.[121] The company does try to avoid unintentional delays of their projects,[122] and believes that the earlier occurrences of "Valve Time" delays, primarily from Half-Life development, has helped them improve their release schedules.[120]
WhatsApp Share Email 911 Shares
Saracens joined an exclusive club today, becoming the seventh team to win multiple European Cups. Alongside Leicester Tigers, Wasps, Leinster, Munster, Toulouse and Toulon, Sarries now can be considered one of the great European clubs.
Their 11-point victory over Clermont Auvergne today was thoroughly deserved, as they fought throughout the game to make history.
Although they have a Premiership semi-final away to Exter on the horizon as they bid to defend that title as well, the Saracens players were in a partying mood as they hit the dressing room to celebrate their triumph.
It looked like serious fun, although Billy Vunipola accidentally broke the ceiling with his jersey!
It was a marvellous display by the Premiership outfit, as Chris Ashton, Owen Farrell and Alex Goode led the way from start to finish.
Throughout the entire season, they looked like the best team in Europe.
They didn't break stride in the knockout stages, swatting aside Glasgow Warriors before going to the Aviva Stadium and silencing the crowd by comprehensively accounting for Munster.
The celebrations are only kicking off, but they're well deserved!
_____
Make sure to check out the latest episode of the Oval Office, where we discuss the Lions back three.
Join The Biggest Rugby Club in Ireland The Heineken Rugby Club is bringing Ireland together over cold beers and big games. No matter which team you back, we're all friends here. Become a member for access to match tickets, member discounts and rewards, exclusive events, and much more. Your name *
Your email *
Pick your team * Select your team from list below... Leinster Munster Ulster Connacht Other
Date of Birth (DD/MM/YYYY) *
* I agree to Heineken Rugby Club House Rules and Privacy Policy . Over 18's only. Yes
Schwarzenegger drops offshore drilling project ENVIRONMENT
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger announced that he was withdrawing his support for a plan to expand oil drilling off the California coast during a news conference in Sacramento, Calif., Monday, May 3, 2010. Citing the massive oil spill that resulted from a drilling rig explosion the Gulf of Mexico, Schwazenegger said that no new drilling will take place off the state's coastline in the foreseeable future. less Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger announced that he was withdrawing his support for a plan to expand oil drilling off the California coast during a news conference in Sacramento, Calif., Monday, May 3, 2010. Citing ... more Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, ASSOCIATED PRESS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Schwarzenegger drops offshore drilling project 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Monday withdrew his support for a plan he championed to allow new offshore oil drilling off Santa Barbara County, citing the disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Schwarzenegger, whose administration as recently as Friday defended the proposed Tranquillon Ridge offshore drilling project, said images of the spill in the gulf changed his mind.
"All of you have seen, when you turn on the television, the devastation in the gulf, and I'm sure that they also were assured that it was safe to drill," he said at a news conference Monday. "I see on TV the birds drenched in oil, the fishermen out of work, the massive oil spill and oil slick destroying our precious ecosystem. That will not happen here in California, and this is why I am withdrawing my support for the T-Ridge project."
His new stance all but guarantees the demise of the proposal by a Texas oil company to allow the first new drilling in state waters in 40 years.
The governor had previously argued that the state, which is facing a $20 billion budget shortfall, should approve the plan to raise as much as $100 million a year in new revenue.
The plan would allow Plains Exploration & Production Co. of Houston to use an existing oil platform in federal waters to drill just over the line in state waters. The plan included an agreement by Plains to shut down all operations in the area after 14 years.
"My support for the T-Ridge project in California was based on numerous studies making me feel it was safe to drill ... and a commitment to remove the platforms," Schwarzenegger said at a signing ceremony for executive orders on wildlife prevention.
Easy decision
The Republican governor, who has made environmental issues one of the cornerstones of his administration, said the trade-off between new revenues and the potential for environmental devastation made the decision easy.
"If I have a choice between $100 million and what you are seeing in the Gulf of Mexico, I'd rather just find out a way to make up for that $100 million," he said. When "you turn on television and see the enormous disaster, you say to yourself, 'Why would we want to take that risk?' The risk is just much greater than the money is worth, and so we will figure out how to deal with the extra $100 million problem."
Opponents of the proposal, including Assemblyman Pedro Nava, D-Santa Barbara, cheered the decision.
"I'm just glad that he joined me and most of the rest of California in opposing the oil drilling," said Nava, who is running for state attorney general. "This is good news for all of California."
Proposal rejected
Last year, the three-member State Lands Commission that has governed oil-leasing decisions since 1938 rejected the proposal by Plains Exploration. But as the state grappled with a huge cash shortfall and deficit, the governor attempted to do an end-run around that body and went to the Legislature to approve the project.
The Assembly rejected the plan, which would have raised up to $4 billion for the state during the 14-year period, depending on oil prices.
Since then, however, Abel Maldonado, R-Santa Maria (Santa Barbara County), replaced the Democratic lieutenant governor, who held the swing seat on the State Lands Commission. Environmentalists and other opponents of the project worried that if the oil company resubmitted its plan to the commission, as it was expected to do, Maldonado might allow the plan to move forward.
Maldonado has refused to take a position, saying he needs to review the proposal but that, in general, he wants to see the platforms come down.
A spokesman for Plains Exploration & Production Co. could not be reached for comment.
State Controller John Chiang, who sits on the State Lands Commission and voted against the project last year, praised the governor's new position.
"I am pleased the governor has withdrawn his support for what would have been the first new oil lease off the coast of California in 40 years," he said in a prepared statement. "As a member of the State Lands Commission who voted against the project last year, I am saddened that it took a tragic and massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico to remind us how important it is that we continue to protect California's shores and our multi-billion dollar coastal and port economies."
Last time we checked in with ComScore's report on smartphone platform market share among US subscribers three months ago, Android was doing a little happy dance as it overtook iOS for the number two spot overall. Well, the cuddly green bots have self-replicated yet again, enough to overtake RIM this time thanks in part to a 5.4 percent decline on BlackBerry's part (down to 30.4 percent in January) coupled with a 7.7 percent boost on the Android side, moving up to 31.2 percent. We imagine ComScore's next report -- covering the period through March -- will see a little boost on the iOS side thanks to Verizon's iPhone launch , but RIM's knight in shining armor might be further out; we still don't know when QNX -based phones are going to happen, after all, and devices like the Monaco don't really seem like cure-alls.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Somalia received a pledge of aid for $50 million from Saudi Arabia this month on the same day it announced it was cutting ties with Saudi rival Iran, a document seen by Reuters showed.
A Somali man walks in front of the Iranian Red Crescent premises after the government ordered all Iran-related operations to leave within 72 hours in Mogadishu January 12, 2016. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
The government, which did not confirm or deny the pledge, has said there was no link between long-running Saudi financial support and its diplomatic decision to break ties with Iran. The Saudi Foreign Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
But diplomats said it was the latest sign of patronage used by the kingdom to shore up regional support against Iran, a rivalry that deepened this month when Sunni majority Saudi Arabia executed a Shi'ite cleric and Iranian protesters responded by torching the Saudi embassy in Tehran.
“The Saudis currently manage to rally countries behind them both on financial grounds and the argument of non-interference,” a diplomat said, referring to what Sunni-majority countries see as Iran's habit of cultivating ties to their Shi'ite minorities.
A document from the Saudi embassy in Nairobi to the Somali embassy in the Kenyan capital showed the kingdom pledging $20 million in budget support and another $30 million for investment in Somalia, a nation trying to rebuild after two decades of war.
The two grants would come from the Saudi Development Fund, according to the document that was dated Jan. 7, the same day Somalia cut ties with Tehran.
Somalia cut relations with Iran saying Tehran had meddled in Somali affairs and threatened national security. Mogadishu gave Iranian diplomats, among the few stationed in the Somali capital where bomb attacks are frequent, 72 hours to leave.
Somalia's Finance Minister Mohamed Aden Ibrahim declined to comment on the pledges, but said any financial assistance from Saudi Arabia was not related to Mogadishu's stance against Iran.
“Our relationship with Saudi Arabia was long-standing and is not something that has just started,” the minister told Reuters.
Several other Arab states such as neighboring Bahrain, a long-time close ally and recipient of Saudi largesse also cut ties. Other wealthier Gulf states withdrew envoys.
Sudan, which like Somalia and Saudi Arabia is a member of the Arab League, said it had cut ties with non-Arab Iran.
Somalia's ties with Saudi Arabia have grown as it tries to rebuild a nation while battling an Islamist insurgency, although Western powers and Turkey remain among the biggest and more prominent donors to the country.
Somalia's president, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, met King Salman bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud in Saudi Arabia in October. A Saudi team had visited Somalia in late 2015 to discuss further Saudi support for the country.
“Any financial and other requests that we made to the Saudis were way before” Somali cut ties with Iran, Foreign Minister Abdusalam Omer told Reuters.
On November 7th, 2017 at 10:00pm Pacific Time the Miiverse service was discontinued. We thank you very much for your amazing support over the years. For answers to questions about this discontinuation, .
Miiverse can no longer be accessed from:
Wii U consoles
Nintendo 3DS family systems
An internet browser on PCs or smart devices
In addition, all Miiverse services, such as viewing or making posts and messaging with friends, are unavailable in games and system features.
If you try to access Miiverse from your Wii U or Nintendo 3DS family system you will see an error code 115-5004 for Wii U and 015-5004 for Nintendo 3DS family systems.
If you try to access a feature in Wii U or Nintendo 3DS family software that is tied to Miiverse, that function or service will be unavailable. Example: New Super Mario Bros. U (Wii U) - Posts from the game's Miiverse community will not be displayed in the game:
For a complete list of affected games and services, .
Downloading your post history:
Prior to the end of the service, users were able to request a download of all of the Miiverse posts they made. Users who submitted this request will have an e-mail notification that includes a URL to download their post history sent to the e-mail address registered to their Nintendo Account. Please note this will be sent to the e-mail address registered to the Nintendo Account and not the Nintendo Network ID. It may take a few weeks after Miiverse service has ended to receive the e-mail with your downloadable post history. Please be patient.
The Oklahoma City Thunder won't waste any time getting the Dion Waiters experiment rolling.
Waiters, who was traded to the Thunder on Monday, will suit up for his new squad when it visits the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night, according to multiple sources.
He will come off the bench and wear No. 23. The Thunder reportedly declined to give him his preferred No. 13, since it's James Harden's old number. Those wounds are still too fresh, apparently.
"I'm just happy they sent me here to another great organization where I get the chance to play with another great player," Waiters said in his first meeting with the media in Oklahoma City. "I feel I'm in a win-win situation. So I take it as a positive thing. I get a chance to grow and learn from these guys."
Jordan Mason A student from Roger Williams University helps local residents dig a hole for a park bench during a study-abroad program in Jamaica operated by the global service-learning organization Amizade. Under the Trump presidency, international educators have been striving to prepare students for potential differences in how they are perceived when they travel internationally.
Higher education has been focused on the potential impact of President Trump's policies on international students ever since he announced a ban on travelers, including student-visa holders, from a half-dozen predominantly Muslim countries.
But educators have also been focused, albeit more quietly, on the effects of the current political climate on American students going overseas. The Forum on Education Abroad, a membership group of colleges and study-abroad providers, packed some 300 people into a town-hall meeting on the issue at its annual conference this spring, a late addition to the program.
Among the concerns: Would students be subject to anti-American sentiment at a time when it's running high? With "America First" rhetoric ascendant at home, would fewer choose to go overseas? And how could study-abroad advisers, long attuned to easing culture shock, prepare students for an unexpected, and perhaps unwanted, role as unofficial ambassadors for Mr. Trump's America?
"It's natural for students to feel uncomfortable going abroad — it's not only natural, it's healthy," says Kendall Brostuen, director of international programs at Brown University and one of the leaders of the town-hall meeting. "But their assumptions will probably be challenged like they've never been challenged before."
Happily, there have been few reported instances of hostility toward Americans studying abroad and, among the colleges and providers contacted by The Chronicle, little sign so far of a drop-off in student numbers. Some, in fact, report enrollments are up this fall for programs abroad.
Still, international educators say they must be attentive to constantly shifting political realities and their fallout. There are practical and policy concerns, such as whether to permit undocumented students to study abroad, given the Trump administration's uncertain position on a program that, under President Obama, blocked the deportation of people brought to the United States as children. The president's budget, meanwhile, proposes halving the State Department bureau that supports educational exchanges, which could curtail the number of students who go overseas on the Fulbright and other scholarship programs.
Social-Media Screening
Brandon Blache-Cohen, executive director of Amizade, which leads global service-learning trips, said he never expected to spend so much time talking about social media during his programs' orientations; federal officials recently announced that foreign visitors' social-media accounts could now be screened, leading some to question whether American citizens could also be subject to such vetting.
Like many others in the field, Amizade has long coached students to be aware of cultural differences when going overseas. But Sue Mennicke, associate dean of international programs at Franklin & Marshall College, says that since the election, she feels a greater responsibility to ready students for how they might be perceived when they travel internationally.
Advertisement
The people they encounter abroad — whether fellow students, host families, or even taxi drivers — may be well informed on, and have well-formed opinions about, political and other developments in the United States. "Before you go abroad, you might never think of yourself as being of this place," Ms. Mennicke says. "Suddenly, you're stamped with something when you leave these borders."
At Franklin & Marshall, where about half the graduating class studies abroad, much of the preparation comes in the form of one-on-one advising. Other institutions have more formal pre-departure programs. At Susquehanna University, which, since 2009 has required its entire student body to "study away," either internationally or domestically, students must go through a seven-week, one-credit course before leaving campus.
Scott Manning, Susquehanna's dean of global programs, says he didn't meaningfully alter the content of the course when he taught a section earlier this year. What changed, Mr. Manning says, was his awareness of the political divisions among his own students. He found himself "a little on eggshells" when talking about sensitive topics like how to deal with conflicting values abroad.
Mr. Manning's antennae may have been up because of a January-term course he led to Cuba. The dozen participants on the trip, who included a leader in the campus's Republican club as well as several students whose politics leaned left, agreed among themselves not to talk politics.
As it turns out, the concerns were unnecessary — the Cubans they met were far more interested in discussing the recent death of Fidel Castro than the results of the American presidential election. "Our view," Mr. Manning says, "may have reflected our own ethnocentrism."
Mr. Manning's attentiveness to accommodating divergent points of view extends to classrooms abroad. A number of colleges and program providers say that a particular focus since the election has been working with faculty and staff members at their overseas sites.
The Council on International Educational Exchange, or CIEE, has held seminars and on-site training for its instructors, many of whom are hired locally. In other cultures, people may be "more direct" in expressing their political opinions, even in a classroom setting, says Maritheresa Frain, the nonprofit provider's executive vice president for study abroad. With more than 350 college partners, CIEE has been "intentional" in working with its faculty members to "make sure our classrooms are supportive, inclusive learning environments for all our students," Ms. Frain says.
Brown, which sends about a third of its students overseas, is fast-tracking an effort to set aside spaces at its study-abroad sites where students can have "facilitated conversations" around complex issues.
Reverse Culture Shock
Jose B. Alvarez, senior vice president for academic affairs and initiatives at CEA Study Abroad, another provider, says it's just as important to think about how to best help students adjust when they return to the United States. Although they can follow developments back home through social media or international networks like CNN, students abroad may be somewhat isolated from the round-the-clock coverage.
Ali Webb, a New York University student, wrote in the Washington Square News, the independent student newspaper, that the semester she spent this spring in London has been "an escape."
"I am an ocean away from the nearly constant protests in New York and the divided opinions of my hometown in Virginia," Ms. Webb wrote. "Major speeches and announcements, which usually happen during American prime-time, often occur while the United Kingdom sleeps. It is possible to wait at a bus stop, go for a walk, or sit in a café without hearing Trump's name."
Typically, Mr. Alvarez says, students returning from study abroad go through a sort of reverse culture shock because they've grown and changed so much in their time away. "In this case," he says, "it's the political climate in the United States that is changing almost constantly."
Despite their apprehension that the current anti-global political mood could reverberate in study abroad, many educators say that events of recent months have left them even more committed to providing students with exposure to different cultures and ideas.
"Our work has never been more vital," says Mr. Blache-Cohen of Amizade. "The world is in need of a lot more empathy."
Karin Fischer writes about international education, colleges and the economy, and other issues. She's on Twitter @karinfischer, and her email address is karin.fischer@chronicle.com.
An unattended bag hanging off a bridge at 138th Street wrought havoc on the Wednesday commute for Metro-North riders. (Published Wednesday, June 14, 2017)
Metro-North delays hit up to 90 minutes Wednesday after an abandoned bag on the 138th Street Bridge prompted a major emergency presence, stalling all train traffic in and out Grand Central Terminal, according to the railroad and witnesses.
An NBC 4 New York reporter said his train's conductor announced no rail traffic could pass because an unattended bag was hanging off a bridge.
The railroad confirmed in a 9:26 a.m. tweet the bag had sparked an investigation, and said police and ESU were at the scene.
Chopper 4 footage from the bridge scene showed investigators under the span. At one point, a man in a reflective vest looks at what appears to be a large brownish suitcase, though it's not clear if that was the bag in question.
Trains were seen rolling over the bridge a short time later, and customers who had been stuck for an hour or more tweeted that their cars had started moving again.
Metro-North Railroad tweeted shortly before 10 a.m. that service in and out of Grand Central had resumed with extensive delays. The bag was determined not to be a threat, and the railroad said the location of it made it hard to get to, which led to longer than typical delays for such routine investigations.
Meanwhile, surge pricing was in effect for Uber, with estimates up to $158 for a ride from New Rochelle to 125th Street.
The Globe & Mail's Elizabeth Church brings us up to speed on the latest proposed service cut from the no-service-cuts gang at City Hall:
Toronto's blue box program is the latest initiative to face money-saving cuts, with a plan to limit curbside collection to what residents can cram into their recycling bin. The move is part of next year's proposed solid waste budget and is expected to save the city about $500,000. The measure would end the long-standing practice that allows city residents to place any overflow from their recycling bins beside their blue box in clear bags. … A staff report notes that residents can “upsize” their blue bins for free if the new limit is a problem. Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong, chair of the city's public works committee, also noted that residents can obtain a second blue bin if one is not enough to meet their needs.
via Cuts to blue box program urged over environmentalists' objections | Globe & Mail. (Emphasis added.)
Okay. So there's Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong, Chair of Public Works and good buddy of the mayor's office, defending a cost-cutting move that will make it more challenging for residents to recycle.
Now let's travel back to 2009, when the city's solid waste management division attempted to make a similar policy change. Seems Denzil Minnan-Wong had some thoughts on this policy back then.
As reported by the National Post's Allison Haines:
Toronto will soon be refusing to pick up the overflow bottles, cans and newspapers that don't fit in the city's new recycling bins — the latest in a series of changes to the curb-side collection program that require the cooperation of befuddled residents. … Still, Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong (Don Valley East) said the message is the city is making things more difficult for the most avid recyclers. “I've already heard from a few of my residents. They think it's completely stupid,” he said. “We're saying no to recyclers and we're making it even harder for them to participate — I suppose it's because it's too much work for the garbage collectors to get out of their truck.”
via Toronto: New bin regime spawns new rules, confusion for avid recyclers | National Post. (Emphasis added; third-party link as old Post articles sure are hard to find since they switched to WordPress.)
So which is it, Denzil Minnan-Wong? Do your residents still think this change is stupid? Or has the fact that you're now on good terms with the mayor somehow changed their mind?
One of the more interesting sideshows of the Rob Ford administration has been watching various councillors who seemed so comfortable in their role angrily opposing and shouting down David Miller wrestle with the realities of being in power. It's almost inevitable that they'll end up contradicting themselves. (For other examples, see also: Karen Stintz and Giorgio Mammoliti.)
Recycled Issues
On the change itself: it is stupid. It's easy to say that residents can just get a bigger bin, or even a second bin, but that doesn't really hold true for residents in the Old City, who have already had to cram the new-style garbage bins into the limited space they have in their front yards. This shouldn't be a revelatory statement but maybe it is: not everyone has a garage in this city.
As is his habit these days, Budget Chief Mike Del Grande speaks most plainly and maybe-inadvertantly reveals the real thinking behind this move. He told Inside Toronto's David Nickle that the reason behind eliminating overflow pick-up was purely political:
This year, the solid waste budget will see residential rates frozen – in part, according to budget chief Mike Del Grande, because of contracting out of more garbage collection that was approved at the last meeting of Toronto Council. “It would be difficult, to say on solid waste, to increase fees when we just went through a big humongous process to save a lot of money,” said Del Brande. “We can't do that when you have $11 million in savings.”
via City will no longer collect extra recyclables in plastic bags | InsideToronto.com.
In other words: the Ford administration wanted people to feel like the move to contract out garbage had saved them money. And the only way to achieve that was to cut service.
Tags: denzil minnan-wong, garbage, mike del grande
JERUSALEM — Calling herself “an answer to the contention that there is no one to vote for,” Tzipi Livni, Israel's centrist former foreign minister, returned to politics on Tuesday after a six-month hiatus, heading a new party that she described as “an alternative, personal and ideological,” to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
“I've come to fight for Israel,” Ms. Livni, 54, said in an impassioned 20-minute speech at the journalists' union office in Tel Aviv. “I haven't come to fight against but to fight for.” She said she would “fight for peace, a peace of the sober,” “for the Jewish Israel,” and “for the democratic Israel, a state in which all, but all of its citizens, with no difference of nationality and religion, are citizens with equal rights.”
Ms. Livni's return, and her new party — the Movement — immediately shook up the center of Israel's political spectrum, with eight members of Parliament from the Kadima Party she helped found in 2005 bolting to join her, heralding its likely demise. But in Israel's coalition system of government, individual parties are less important than ideological blocs, and most recent polls have suggested that Ms. Livni and other existing opposition candidates will have a hard time taking enough votes from right-leaning and religious parties to prevent Mr. Netanyahu from winning a third term.
“The only thing that Livni is capable of doing is splitting the ‘left' bloc, not increasing it,” Aviad Kleinberg, a professor of history at Tel Aviv University, wrote in a column in the Tuesday issue of the newspaper Yediot Aharonot.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Livni's long-awaited announcement came the day after Mr. Netanyahu's Likud Party completed a primary in which several moderate members were pushed toward the bottom of the list, with little hope of election, beaten out by ultranationalist candidates, including Moshe Feiglin. That rightward trend, some commentators said, could have a more fundamental effect on the campaign dynamic, leaving some centrist Likud voters shopping for alternatives.
Photo
To Nahum Barnea, a veteran and respected columnist, the primary showed Likud had “gone off the rails” and provided Ms. Livni with a “good starting point.”
Buffalo Bills fans breathed a collective sigh of relief on Tuesday when the team announced that Terry and Kim Pegula had reached an agreement to become the second owners of the Buffalo Bills.
For most, simply having stable ownership committed to Western New York is enough. The Pegulas now own both the Bills and the NHL's Buffalo Sabres, so the family is no stranger to owning a professional sports franchise.
But the NHL doesn't compare to the NFL in popularity. The Pegulas will be working on a much bigger stage now. Does their experience with the Sabres tell us anything about how they will handle owning the Bills? Here are a few things that we might be able to tell so far.
1. The Pegulas are willing to spend
Not only did the Buffalo Sabres spend big in free agency during Pegula's first offseason as owner, but he has shown a willingness to spend his money to upgrade the First Niagara Center and give the fans the best game experience. The fact that Pegula was willing to pay $1.4 billion to buy the Bills is another sign that money won't be an issue under the new ownership.
2. Pegula is willing to shake things up
Since Pegula bought the Sabres in 2011, the Sabres have had three different coaches. He took some time to feel out the situation before firing longtime Sabres coach Lindy Ruff, but he was willing to move quickly when not getting the results he wanted. The Sabres are also on their second general manager since Pegula bought the team.
3. He's willing to get former players involved
Pegula grew up a Sabres fan, so he was quick to involve some legends of the organization. He made Pat LaFontaine the Sabres' president of hockey operations, though the former star stepped down after less than one complete season. This could be a good sign for Bills legends such as Jim Kelly and Thurman Thomas, who have previously been closely involved with the Bills.
4. Pegula is willing to build
The NFL may want a new stadium for the Bills now that stable ownership is in place. Those wondering about Pegula's willingness to build need to look no further than the HarborCenter, a multimillion-dollar hockey complex that will have hotels, restaurants and retail shops attached. Maybe Pegula will want to build the next Bills stadium downtown to keep everything in one area.
5. He may not be vocal
Since taking over as owner of the Sabres, Pegula has been quieter and quieter. He didn't attend the news conference when LaFontaine stepped down as president of hockey operations, and he only released a statement when firing Lindy Ruff. His wife, Kim, is a public relations professional, so whatever his reason for not speaking, it was likely well thought out. That could be something to monitor as he takes over the Bills.
An “options” paper on extending the electoral franchise to allow Irish citizens outside Ireland vote in presidential elections will be ready in January, according to Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald.
She rejected Sinn Féin claims that Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil were “stalling” on the issue. Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald accused the Government of a “con job” in relation to voter rights for emigrants and those in the North.
Ms Fitzgerald said however that unlike Sinn Féin the Government had to provide a detailed reply and consider all the practical implications of extending the vote and she asked if Sinn Féin had developed a paper to answer all the issues.
During leaders' questions in the Dáil Ms McDonald claimed Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil were engaged in “appalling hypocrisy” in voting down her party's motion in the Seanad to extend the franchise for presidential elections island-wide and across the global Irish diaspora.
Ms McDonald also claimed the Government was running away from the issue. The Dublin Central TD pointed out that the Constitutional Convention, had recommended extending the vote.
She referred for a letter by former minister of state for the diaspora Jimmy Deenihan to Taoiseach Enda Kenny in which she said he “practically begged” Mr Kenny to extend the franchise.
The Sinn Féin deputy leader quoted from the letter in which Mr Deenihan said that “for those who feel that the State failed them and forced them to emigrate, this offers an opportunity to rebuild that trust”.
Ms McDonald said that all the Government and Fianna Fáil was offering was “tea and sympathy” to Irish people in Manchester, Liverpool, London, Boston, New York and Australia. Both parties “talk and promise and fail to act”. She asked if they were stalling because they were concerned that “those forced out of the country might from a distance deliver a verdict you would be not too keen on”.
But the Tánaiste told Ms McDonald “unlike you we have to have a detailed reply” to all the practical implications of extending the franchise.
Ms Fitzgerald said one recommendation from the Constitutional Convention was that only those who lived in Ireland should have the vote. She said there were implications for whom that would include and how it would be established.
The Tánaiste hit out at the Sinn Féin TD and said “you have no monopoly on this. We all have family members” abroad.
She added that Sinn Féin asked for the vote to be extended but she asked had the party developed a paper which addressed all the issues and Ms Fitzgerald said that Sinn Féin had not done that but the Government was dealing with the matter and was committed to progressing the issue.
Sinn Féin Cork TD Jonathan O'Brien said in 2014 a working group had been established to consider extending the franchise and he asked how often it had met and if it would be issuing a report with recommendations.
Minister for Local Government Simon Coveney said there had been an extensive debate on the issue in the Seanad. He said he would bring a detailed options paper on extending the franchise in presidential elections to Irish citizens outside Ireland.
Citizens in the North were in the unique position in that they were entitled to have Irish or British citizenship in full or both. He said that when they make an announcement they would be considering all the questions involved. “We cannot be making a commitment without answering those questions.”
Annik Honoré (12 October 1957 – 3 July 2014) was a Belgian journalist and music promoter best known for her association with Ian Curtis , the former lead singer and lyricist of Joy Division . [1] She co-founded record labels Les Disques du Crépuscule and Factory Benelux .
Honoré was born in Mons, Belgium on 12 October 1957.[2] As a teenager she became interested in rock music, attending various concerts in London as well as other locations. She moved to London in 1979, taking a job as a secretary at the Belgian Embassy.[3][4]
In late 1979, Honoré and journalist Michel Duval began promoting musical events at the Raffinerie du Plan K venue in Brussels. Joy Division, and Cabaret Voltaire performed on the club's opening night on 16 October. A few months later, in 1980, Honoré and Duval founded Factory Benelux as a Continental offshoot of Factory Records as well as Les Disques du Crépuscule, an independent Belgian music label.[5][6] Honoré chose the name "Crépuscule."[7]
In the summer 1984, she was the tour manager of Front 242 during their American tour.[8]
AMMAN: Civil Defense first responders are searching for survivors in the wreckage of a major hospital in southern Idlib on Sunday, one day after a purported Russian airstrike demolished the facility in the latest blow to an already devastated medical infrastructure.
On Saturday afternoon, up to six bunker buster missiles reportedly fired by Russian warplanes struck the Shaam Hospital, located in the rebel-held, southern Idlib village of Abdin, 10km west Khan Sheikhoun, the site of deadly chemical attack earlier this month.
Following the attack on the hospital, a fortified facility in an underground cave, the structure collapsed almost immediately, trapping patients and medical staff under rubble and stone
One member of the Civil Defense who responded to the scene told Syria Direct that the attack killed at least three doctors and four patients, but warned that the death toll may increase.
“Today, we're trying to retrieve three bodies—a father, a mother and their daughter—who were present in the hospital at the moment it was targeted,” said the Civil Defense's Ahmed al-Idlibi.
First responders at the scene of the Shaam Hospital bombing on Saturday. Photo courtesy of the Idlib Civil Defense.
Moments after the initial attack, a surface-launched rocket containing cluster munitions hit farmland surrounding the hospital, killing one man and injuring his son, the Idlib Civil Defense reported.
Neither Syrian nor Russian state media commented on the bombings. In an interview with Russia's RIA Novosti and Sputnik news agencies in Damascus on Friday, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad did, however, accuse Western media of inflating the death toll from the six-year war “to use it as humanitarian pretext to intervene in Syria.”
Saturday's attack marked the third time that the Shaam Hospital was bombed and partially destroyed in less than two months. After each of the previous attacks, hospital administrators rebuilt and relocated the facility, most recently attempting to shelter the building under seven meters of rock in the south Idlib countryside.
On Sunday, hospital administrators told Syria Direct that they are questioning whether it is worth rebuilding.
“We're looking into new plans to transfer all health care work to the border areas if the warplanes don't stop targeting medical facilities,” Dr. Abdullah al-Darwish, the head of Hama's Healthcare Directorate, told Syria Direct on Sunday. “If even underground caves are targeted, why should the hospitals stay here?”
Since February 1, the Assad regime and its allies have attacked more than a dozen medical facilities across opposition-controlled areas of Idlib and Hama provinces, Syria Direct reported. The months-long wave of attacks—using both conventional and chemical weapons—has partially or completely destroyed at least seven major hospitals, two field hospitals, four specialized clinics and one medical warehouse.
Civil Defense workers transport an injured man following Saturday's bombing. Photo courtesy of the Idlib Civil Defense.
Now, with the Shaam Hospital—previously the area's main remaining medical facility—out of service, residents told Syria Direct they must travel up to 100km to receive medical care from the next closest facility located in the provincial capital of Idlib city.
“There are no other alternatives right now,” Dr. Maram a-Sheikh, the director of the Shaam Hospital, told Syria Direct on Sunday. “We always have backup plans, but of course it's just not possible to guarantee the security of the new location.”
Already this year, Syrian, Russian and United States-led coalition airstrikes have killed hundreds of civilians across Idlib and Hama provinces. The increased bombings in the area come at a time where tens of thousands of rebel fighters and civilians are arriving to Idlib province, the result of a series of rebel surrenders and subsequent mass evacuation deals around the country.
“The international community has been silent amidst all these attacks on medical facilities,” said Dr. a-Sheikh of the Shaam Hospital.
"It's reaching the point where bombing a hospital is just commonplace now,” he added. “It's not even newsworthy anymore.”
Publisher – Treefortess Inc
Price – US $14.99 / EU €14.99 / UK £11.99 / AU $22.95
Release date – November 22 2016
Move Support – Yes
Pro Patch – Yes
Digital only – Yes
Reviewed on – Standard PS4
Holoball, developed by Treefortress, is available for the PlayStation VR and the HTC Vive via download only for $14.99US. Supporting 1 or 2 Move/Vive controllers(as well as 1 DS4 controller for local multiplayer), this game takes place “in a retro-future world ruled by rogue AI”. For all intents and purposes this is essentially a sci-fi themed raquetball game, and it works great! This title was reviewed on a standard PlayStation 4.
What immediately stands out is the calibration section of the game which has you standing 6 to 8 feet away from the camera and has you touch the ground so the camera knows where it is. I keep my camera low, but this game forced me to put it above the TV to better track my body movements. No game has asked that of me before and I was immediately intrigued. If you have played Danger Ball on the PlayStation VR Worlds Disc than this will be instantly familiar as you are facing off against square robot/paddle while in a large cube like structure. The major difference here is you have a virtual paddle courtesy of the Move controller instead of using your head.
Additionally, the game displays a grid showing you the boundaries you can move around in, and you will be moving around. That's the name of the game here; it's racquetball in VR, against robots, fighting for your freedom. Everything here works almost flawlessly, minus the occasional bad hit which had the ball moving to slow too continue the action, though you do have the option of recalling the ball If it is moving slowly. Accuracy is key as you bat the ball back and fourth against your opponent. You will be moving around for that perfect swing (or back swing) and reaching both high and low as the enemy increases in difficulty. Added to all that are skill shots which curve the ball and confuse your opposition. Depending on your commitment to getting that high score, you may be breaking a sweat as the action later in the game gets pretty intense.
I can't compare this Tron as both the visuals and soundtrack pay homage to those Movies & TV series. While in no way are the visuals here crazy detailed, they do the job nicely. With a background made out of blue outlined shapes stuck together to form mountains and buildings, along with some great lighting effects when you or the enemy scores; the overall vibe I here is fun. The soundtrack is a mix of modern and 80's synth with some guitar heavy tracks to spice things up. It all fits great with the gameplay. The one issue I had with the audio is that the enemy voices were too quiet and distorted and I missed half the taunts they were spouting.
There are a few modes available here though they all kind of play the same. Campaign which has you facing a robot who gets steadily harder the further you progress; only 5 stages I think with the winner being the first to 3 points. The other modes are Zen where you just play by yourself hitting the ball against a wall, Score Attack which has you trying to get as many points as fast as you can with 3 lives, and finally Endurance where the goal is to progress and last as long as possible. All of these stages are offered with multiple difficulty options (excluding Zen mode) and offer local and world leaderboards as the main reason to keep playing, besides the fun anyways.
Another welcome addition to this game is “Spectator Mode” which allows a 2nd player to pick up a Dual Shock controller and watch the game from a few different points of view or actually take control of the AI, becoming a 1 vs 1 local multiplayer game. Its awesome and turns this into a party game. The one downside is that this is the only multiplayer option. It would have been a nice addition if this was available online as well, though given the games mechanics I don't think both players could be in VR.
This game is blast and the challenge to best your score or place yourself on the leaderboards will have you clamouring for more. I would have liked a more fleshed out campaign mode as it really feels no different from the other modes available, but I can't deny the fun here. The added local multiplayer is also a nice little bonus and allows you to share with others. Everything here works almost flawlessly and it's hard to ask for much more
What would I pay? $15US, the asking price here is definitely worth it. While this does rely on only a few modes and a lot of replayability, it is still an absolute blast and worth getting for the full price when you compare it to the other VR games and experiences that are charging the same, if not more.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Astronauts aboard the International Space Station put their new mechanical maintenance man through a trial workout on Sunday, testing the joints on its gangly arms while crewmates prepared for another spacewalk to get the robot ready for service.
Spacewalker Mike Foreman is seen outside the International Space Station's Qwest airlock in this view from the helmet camera of fellow spacewalker Rick Linnehan at the beginning of their extravehicular excursion (EVA) in this image from NASA TV March 15, 2008. Linnehan and Foreman will complete the assembly of the Canadian Space Agency's two-armed robotic system Dextre during their EVA. REUTERS/NASA TV.
The Canadian-built robot, named Dextre, was assembled during an occasionally frustrating spacewalk that ended earlier Saturday by shuttle Endeavour astronauts Richard Linnehan and Michael Foreman.
Dextre's 11-foot (3.35-metre) arms were flown to the station anchored — at some points too tightly — to a work pallet.
“We may have to get medieval on Mr. Dextre,” Linnehan remarked at one point when even a pry bar was not readily freeing a stuck bolt.
Eventually, the astronauts were able to pin Dextre's arms on his body, clearing the way for a spacewalk on Monday to outfit the handyman with a tool caddy, television cameras and other accessories.
Dextre is designed to operate on the station's robot arm, adding manual dexterity and another 30 feet of reach to assist spacewalking astronauts during station repair and maintenance tasks.
The latest addition to the $100 billion station is a storage closet for Japan's elaborate laboratory — named Kibo or “Hope” — which is due to arrive in May. A final section is scheduled to be installed in 2009.
NASA has until 2010 to complete construction of the station and retire its three-ship shuttle fleet.
Endeavour arrived at the station on Wednesday to install the first piece of Kibo, deliver and set up Dextre and replace one of the station's three live-aboard crewmembers.
NASA's Garrett Reisman is swapping places with French astronaut Leopold Eyharts, who has been aboard since NASA's last shuttle crew delivered Europe's Columbus research laboratory to the station in February.
During Endeavour's 12-day stay at the station, NASA also plans a spacewalk to test a technique to repair a damaged shuttle heat shield.
While Endeavour's heat shield has been cleared from any damage from its March 11 liftoff, NASA wants to be sure to have options for future crews if their ship becomes too damaged to safely fly back through the atmosphere for landing.
Endeavour is due back at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on March 26.
NASA developed an array of inspection tools, repair techniques and emergency procedures for handling shuttle damage after losing Columbia and its seven-member crew in 2003.
The shuttle was hit by a piece of falling debris during launch that damaged a wing, leading to the ship's breakup 16 days later as it flew toward Florida for landing.
In wake of the accident, the United States decided to retire the shuttle fleet for good by September 30, 2010, and redirect its human spaceflight initiatives toward getting astronauts back on the moon and developing technologies to travel even farther out in the solar system.
Taking part in the “Front Row Seat To Spin” panel discussion on Monday, New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush shot down the notion that the “Obama era” was a “golden age” for journalists.
“I do want to give Trump credit on things, ” Thrush said. “I think one of the things that I think he's doing better than Barack Obama are these press conferences, and his outreach to individual reporters, even for organizations like my own that he criticizes.”
LISTEN:
“I think people — we can't fall into this trap where we hearken back to the Obama era as if it was this golden age,” Thrush continued. “When Obama had press conferences, he had a single piece of white paper, and he had six or seven organizations that he had pre-selected to call upon, and a lot of them were pretty favorable to him too, generically.”
“I think Trump's free-ranging press conferences, I think, are a lot more democratic than the way Obama conducted them.”
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
So…yeah, this happened.
During a press conference to brief the public about the Rosetta Mission, Matt Taylor - an ESA Project Scientist - wore this shirt (above) revealing all to blatantly that casual sexism and misogyny are just the opposite…not something at all permissible as “casual” whatsoever. This goes beyond his attire as well.
In this interview he gave with The Daily Mail, Taylor (donning “the shirt”) and in an failed attempt to be cool, “Rosetta is the sexiest mission that's ever been. She is sexy, but I never sad she was easy.” Welp, you wanted to be quoted and now, you're on the radar, Taylor.
It's truly unfortunate that something like this would overshadow the media attention being given to this historic moment in history for the ESA team, but, this is a problem that needs to go away. And by that, I mean sexism, male chauvinism, misogyny, and overall misrepresentation of women everywhere. We need women in STEM more than ever. All hands need to be in regarding human beings trained amidst the fields which live and thrive along the frontiers of discovery and innovation. At a time when scientists and researchers finally have multiple media platforms to which they can communicate the importance of their work and initiate intrigue into the unknown toward an effort to influence curiosity and scientific literacy, the men who are working in these fields who are completely oblivious or purposely choose to remain blind and ignorant toward the perpetual hardships endured by women - most importantly, female children who we need to make sure are excited and warmly invited into the fields of exploration - need to not only be held accountable for leading this effort, but if need be (and this is clearly another reminder that this may be necessary), endure a thorough educational program on the history of women's rights and the female role throughout our collective scientific history.
In what was an attempt by the “tattooed scientist at ESA” to express his love for exploration by donning an imperceptibly disrespectful shirt while eating up the hype so much that the press have done stories on the body ink he had done in commemoration to the spacecraft, he attempted to become the next Mohawk Guy, and instead, has brandished himself and his team as an exploitive group of male chauvinists.
Personal aside: Thanks, Sarah Griffiths over at The Daily Mail, for completely missing the real story about this guy, and instead, praising him with reporting like this:
‘a proper cool scientist' and ‘definitely not boring' after he appeared on the European Space Agency live stream and BBC Breakfast wearing a multi-coloured shirt emblazoned with illustrations of glamorous women, which he teamed with shorts, which showed off his tattoos. Twitter users praised Dr Taylor for beingandafter he appeared on the European Space Agency live stream and BBC Breakfast, which he teamed with shorts, which showed off his tattoos. One Twitter user wrote: 'Dr Matt Taylor is what every scientist should look like - rad shirt, sleeve tattoos. Rad,' while another said: ‘Matt Taylor causing thousands of people to choke on their cornflakes this morning.'
Way. To. Go, Daily Mail. Wonder how many of those Twitter users were men?
Although Sarah Griffiths didn't exactly publish a retraction for that article, she bizarrely followed it up with an update which not only left out the bad press about the real issues, but ADDED to it with a quote from his sister, saying:
Good grief. In other news, here's what real journalism looks like, courtesy of Alice Bell at The Guardian:
Don't be such a misery guts. Matt's a legend!” Not only did Taylor not ask himself whether it was appropriate, none of his colleagues seemed to either (or if they did, they were ignored). If the press noticed it, they largely saw it as a good thing. When science writer Ed Yong expressed his discomfort at this shirt, another journalist replied : “ Taylor recently joined an online chat with the Wall Street Journal. In response to a question over how he was accepted in science with his tattoos with: “The people I work with don't judge me by my looks but only by the work I have done and can do. Simple.” As a post at Business Insider dryly noted “If only women could hope to someday be judged that way too.” All of these raises multiple questions, not the least why people in science aren't routinely trained to be more aware of such issues. This goes for Taylor, but also the multiple staff around him, including my colleagues in the science press. ESA can land their robot on a comet. A comet! It's amazing. But they still can't see misogyny under their noses. It's painfully ridiculous. Pointing this out is not a distraction to the science. It's part of it. It's time science finally realised that. But to end of a positive note, go watch Professor Monica Grady's delight at the finding out Philae had landed. Because her expressions of joy are worth a trillion garish shirts. And if we really want to change images of scientists in the media, that's what we should be celebrating.
And from Chris Plante and Arielle Duhaime-Ross at The Verge:
From what we can tell, a woman who goes by the name of Elly Prizeman on Twitter made the shirt for him, and is just as bewildered as he must be that anyone might be upset about her creation. But none of that actually matters. What matters is the fact that no one at ESA saw fit to stop him from representing the Space community with clothing that demeans 50 percent of the world's population. No one asked him to take it off, because presumably they didn't think about it. It wasn't worth worrying about. This is the sort of casual misogyny that stops women from entering certain scientific fields. They see a guy like that on TV and they don't feel welcome. They see a poster of greased up women in a colleague's office and they know they aren't respected. They hear comments about “bitches” while out at a bar with fellow science students, and they decide to change majors. And those are the women who actually make it that far. Those are the few who persevered even when they were discouraged from pursuing degrees in physics, chemistry, and math throughout high school. These are the women who forged on despite the fact that they were told by elementary school classmates and the media at large that girls who like science are nerdy and unattractive. This is the climate women who dream of working at NASA or the ESA come up against, every single day. This shirt is representative of all of that, whether Taylor meant it to be or not.
Bravo and brava to the journalists who actually got it right and reported on this story, clearly illuminating the responsibility of scientists and researchers, along with the worldwide male gender in general, as to not dissuade females from the scientific community and ostracize females whatsoever, regardless of the “playful nature” that's grown like a virus in our still adolescent society.
The outstanding achievements (and more on the way) from the ESA team and all involved are notable and absolutely wonderful from a scientific and historic perspective, but if Taylor is outwardly popularized for anything regarding his efforts at ESA, it should be that he further stoked the fire of feminism, humanism, and gender equality which must be tackled here on Earth.
SOLID FOCUS – METALHEADZ
by
The Birth & Growth of This Inspiring Music Label! Junglists, Drum n Bass Heads, Anyone Who Wants to Build Your Own Music Scene – This is a MUST-READ…
In our monthly Solid Focus series we take a specific topic, selected by our SD Crew from anywhere in the expansive world of electronic dance music and place it under the microscope for your viewing pleasure. This month our Solid Focus falls upon the realm of Drum 'n' Bass and it took our Crew all of 5 seconds to decide exactly what we'd like to set our sights upon…Defined by many as the seminal Drum 'n' Bass label (and we'd have to agree, especially following the hours spent researching this Dose for you). So, if there's one label that knows how to burn out your pacemaker it's these guys, no further introductions! This month's Solid Focus is on Metalheadz…
THIS DOSE IS DELIVERED TO YOU BY CREW MEMBER: SONNEX
What it Took to Give Birth to Metalheadz…A Head of Metal
Metalheadz (or Headz for short) status in the lore of hardcore electronic dance music can be strongly attributed to the label's owner and co-founder, Goldie a.k.a Clifford Price, without whom the Jungle/Drum 'n' Bass sound may not have ever broken into the mainstream where it is now thriving in the UK scene. An inspirational individual as demonstrated by his recent affiliation with TEDx, and yes, he's still at the helm after 20 years.
Origins of the Metalheadz label stretch back to early 1990's: Goldie had made headway into the UK graffiti scene using his talents as an artist and got tuned in to the underground hardcore scene by DJ Kemistry. Hardcore music at the time was centred around Breakbeats, most notably the infamous ‘Amen Break' which was soon to become the epicentre from which Jungle music would evolve – Want to know more? Well then check out this link for a 15 minute dose of music history! Goldie locked into the scene and made his first outings as a producer alongside pioneering Jungle duo 4Hero who were pushing this new genre of Hardcore in the UK where the Breaks were being deconstructed and spliced back together at BPMs unheard of at the time.
Hardcore music at the time was centred around Breakbeats, most notably the infamous ‘Amen Break'…the epicentre from which Jungle music would evolve…
His first dose to make a solid impact on the scene was Terminator and it was also the first major outing of the moniker Metalheads from which Metalheadz would take it's namesake. Despite not being released under the Headz imprint there's absolutely no way we could overlook this formative dose for the UK Jungle scene…
Breakbeat and Jungle still remain clearly intertwined in Terminator: it's pace sits a good 10 bpm off the usual 160+ bpm common to later evolutions of Jungle and eventually Drum 'n' Bass, plus there's even a cameo from those pulsating synth stabs made iconic by the incidentally in-vogue UK Hardcore magnates, The Prodigy, in their debut distillation, Experience.
…you'd perhaps be forgiven for not telling Terminator apart from other hardcore breakbeat music which exploded along with UK rave culture following the Second Summer of Love in 1988…
Now, if you're listening with fresh ears or simply didn't experience it first hand, you'd perhaps be forgiven for not telling Terminator apart from other hardcore breakbeat music which exploded along with UK rave culture following the Second Summer of Love in 1988…but so that you know; what tells this dose apart is it's ‘darker' sound imprinted by Goldie, which not only became the crux upon which his Metalheadz label would develop it's sound and artists, but also helped to stimulate the early divergence of Jungle/Drum 'n' Bass from it's not so distant hyper-energetic sibling, Happy Hardcore, a genre which you can read more about in this loved-up Vice article.
What Goldie and his co-producers also demonstrated with Terminator was their ability to develop the UK breakbeat sound into a new sound with a different musicality – this ongoing evolution of the genre is what really defines Metalheadz for us…around a year later Metalheadz, the label, was born and it's transformation of the Jungle sound from a breakbeat off-shoot towards the Drum 'n' Bass behemoth we know and love today was soon to follow.
And so, the Metalheadz Dosage Distribution Began…
Initial releases were Jungle orientated owing to Goldie's original ‘schooling' in the scene and the form of the fledgling Jungle genre at the time; sampled breaks and their manipulation/re-editing together to produce all kinds of numerous beat patterns was still king, but now the Metalheadz sound began to develop, further and further with each release.
On the first release, MH001 V.I.P Drumz/V.I.P Riders Ghost, the darker Metalheadz sound can be heard on the A side, but on the flip, under his Rufige Kru alias, Goldie delivered an early example of a different sounding track, starting to show hints of what could of and has become of Drum 'n' Bass. Riders Ghost has a more continuous groove making it a nice roller and well worth a listen.
Metalheadz were creating a buzz bigger than Heisenberg's blue and aspiring, now legendary DJ/Producers flocked to the label.
Metalheadz grew in stature throughout the early nineties and underground rave scenes throughout the UK all wanted a dose of the grade A Jungle vibes that were coming out of places like Bristol, Brighton and London; whether it was the intense but ineffably danceable raves, or Goldie's magnetic presence (an ironic statement some might say) Metalheadz were creating a buzz bigger than Heisenberg's blue and aspiring, now legendary DJ/Producers flocked to the label. The label's sound became more diverse and expressive; elements of Jazz and Funk in the mid 90's Metalheadz releases by DJ Peshay, Doc Scott and Alex Reese brought the beginnings of distinctly Liquid Funk vibes which are still mesmerising.
Through Metalheadz, guys like Dillinja, J Majik and Hidden Agenda were able to help push Jungle and it's sample/cut/rework of the amen break ground rules to the limits, none more perfectly than Photek with Consciousness, a track which for us still stands up today thanks to it's look towards the future of the drum 'n' bass sound. For an insight into this practitioners mind, over at DJ Kicks, Photek talks about the start to his career and also his recent contribution to their DJ Kicks Mix series.
Once at the limit it was none other than Goldie himself who in 1995 put sampler and mouse-click to DAW and produced one of the defining albums of both Jungle and Drum 'n' Bass; Timeless. The title piece is so important to us in fact that our very own Saundersz intends to do it justice with a full future dose, so for the time being here's another track from it to serve ample example of our next point; Timeless demonstrated new heights of musical expression in a maturing genre and not only marked the eruption of Jungle from the underground into the overground mainstream but also the acceleration of Jungle's transformation into the Drum 'n' Bass behemoth still evolving today.
The releases came thick and fast off the back of Timeless. Goldie was propelled to near superstar status through his affiliations with Pete Tong and the Gallagher brothers but despite this the popularity of the label in the underground scene only ever increased; the integrity of the labels sound remained strong and under Goldie's direction undiluted by mainstream success.
Our stand out track to follow in '95 was Alex Reese's straight forward groove in Pulp Fiction.
Minimal, Deep, Dark and Undeniably Heavy; gone were the breaks all that was left was the rolling bassline, female vocal and this oh so refreshing trumpet licks. This minimal sound surely met with mixed reviews from the hardcore Jungle fans, but it was undoubtedly a breakthrough hit for the emergent Drum 'n' Bass genre and minimal DnB now finds it's deserved place in many modern releases.
MetalHeadz Medicating the Masses from 1994 – Present Day
UK bassheads were addicted and have been ever since; so what have Metalheadz dosed out in the years following the '94 inception and heydays of '95 that have kept us so satisfied? Well of course we can highlight some for you guys needing that instant fix and we also found this nice run through of 25 tracks over at DoAndroidsDance.
Here are our highlights…
'96 Peshay – On the Nile – Jazzstep at it's unassuming best; a beautiful amalgamation of modern and classical music. From the first flute trill onward, each and every bit of ornamentation sounds stunning, so much so that we had to dig a little deeper into just where Peshay sampled from – Claude Debussey's – Srinx, if you don't want to ‘click' – and some Jazz flutes we couldn't quite track down.
'97 Optical – To Shape the Future – Even if it's simply for it's statement of intent, this dose from Optical is hard for any heavy DnB fan not to love. Considering the year of this release it's got some astounding sound design going on and if you're a lover of Neurofunk then you'll do well to find a cleaner example of your beloved distorted basslines any earlier than this. You can see an example Neuro bassline being made over at Sound to Sample, just remember Optical would have had to wait a decade for NI's Massive plug-in to show up.
…then 4 years later, after a period when you thought Liquid Funk/Jazzy drum 'n' bass might have taken over at Metalheadz, John B came smashing in with this 90's throwback reworked for the new millennium; a perfect circa 2001 comparator for how far Drum 'n' Bass and production skills had come since those Hardcore years.
'04 True Romance – DBridge and Vegas – Crunchy synth over a moody bassline with punchy breaks, delivered by two of the original quartet who formed the DnB super-group calling themselves Bad Company?…Need we say more?…Oh yeah and the flip is no slacker either.
'07 Call to Mind – Commix – Incredible album, here's just one of our 8 favourite tunes from this 11 track album. Yes it's that's good. You best check out Talk to Frank as well by the way!
'11 Twisted – Rido – just an amazing tune from one of our favourite DnB producers at present. Coming from a Dark and Neuro style background Rido has really shown he can also churn out medications with mass appeal; rock solid breaks and sumptuous swelling basslines which sit right on the cusp between Neuro and Jump-up, all wrapped up with gorgeously combined piano, strings and vocal melodies…this track really has it all going on. The 2012 VIP release really lays it down in a bold new direction as well.
Finally, since we know you have lives to get on with we'll bring your prescription up to date with the last of our highlights coming from Dom & Roland – one man and his drum machine (Roland) who has been practicing some of the darkest and most delectable DnB in the genre since, well, pretty much forever. One word for these guys tracks would be Gigantic and this is no doubt down to him being in the game right from the beginning; signed from the get go to Moving Shadow (another imprint counted along with Headz as being part of DnB's DNA) Dom has been a mainstay of the darker sound in Drum 'n' Bass fuelling the sub genres, Techstep and Hardstep – yes there are so many damn sub genres!
…it's no wonder Dom decided to bring these to Headz' attention, both fit the imprint like a glove…
'13 Unofficial Jah – Dom & Roland – Saving his first release to be backed by Metalheadz for around 17 years may seem strange but not after you listen to the two dance floor destroyers on this release – it's no wonder Dom decided to bring these to Headz' attention, both fit the imprint like a glove. The especially out of this world high strung synths, that we hope you recognise catching your ears, make Unofficial Jah the stand-out for us – clearly demonstrating the Metalheadz sound hasn't lost any of it's potency – Jungle is still massive!
So Thank You Metalheadz…
Jungle, Drum 'n' Bass and the UK scene owe you health insurance payments – you've kept us dosed up to the eyeballs for over 2 decades and it still feels as good as ever…maybe even better than ever?
One final gem from the SD Crew for you guys is this oh so sweet nostalgia trip back to the golden days when the Headz crew took the UK rave scene by storm with Jungle as their ammunition.
Despite this dose of history hitting you like a slug of cheap Speed (no doubt the directors intention and you'll see what we mean!) and looking like an advert for the group of guys you'd least like to see at your 15th birthday go-kart party, this captures the energy, passion and balls to the wall hardcore attitude of the early Jungle years…we for certain were left feeling sad and emotional once it was all over…Pure Solid Gold.
SO HOW'S YOUR HEADZ FEELING NOW?
Got some vital signs for this label that we should know about too?
SHARE YOUR SYMPTOMS IN OUR COMMENTS SECTION
Thanks for supporting the blog! – SD CREW
Advertisements
By Theodore Shoebat
Democrat Michigan mayor, James Fouts, has declared that all people with disabilities are “not even human beings”, and its just another indication as to the Nazi sentiments of the Democrat elite. I did a whole video on this:
According to one report:
The mayor of Michigan's third-largest city is facing calls for his resignation after multiple recordings surfaced the past few weeks of him allegedly making offensive remarks about African Americans, women and disabled people. Jim Fouts – the mayor of Warren, the largest city in Macomb County and Detroit's largest suburb – has maintained that he will not resign and denies the recordings are of him. But many local officials are convinced Fouts was recorded making the explosive audio comments. The backlash began in December, when Macomb County Executive Mark Hackel – who had been feuding with Fouts for some time over the dumping of dirt at a closed landfill in nearby Sterling Heights – released audio recordings of a man disparaging mentally disabled people, accusing Fouts of making the comments. In the recordings, you can hear a man say:
“… Tonight I'm going to meet a group of retards. Tonight is retard night. “What good are they? They're dysfunctional human beings. They're not even human beings…I don't want any part of this. This is one of the worse things about being mayor. This is the bottom of the barrel… I don't want to be around them, and I wish them well in a cage.” Fouts called the recordings “phony” – “the contents of this tape DO NOT reflect my attitude towards the mentally challenged,” he wrote in a Facebook post – and claimed it was released by Hackel because of his request for an investigation into the dumping allegations. But it didn't stop one local radio station, WFDF AM-radio (910), from yanking him off their radio programming. Fast-forward to Monday, the same day Fouts attended a Martin Luther King Jr. Day event in Warren, when the Motor City Muckraker website dropped more audio recordings , this time of a man alleged to be Fouts comparing African Americans to chimpanzees and making sexist remarks about older women. In the recordings, a male voice says: “Blacks do look like chimpanzees. I was watching this black woman with her daughter and they looked like two chimps.”
print
The implementation of the new universal health care law adopted by Vermont earlier this year will result in system wide health care savings there of between 5.5 percent and 18.3 percent in the year 2020, according to a new report (PDF) by the Vermont Legislative Joint Fiscal Office. Vermont's new health care system will be modeled on a single payer system.
From the report's executive summary:
The analysis indicates that without reform, Vermont health care spending will more than double from 2009 to 2019, from $4.7 billion to $10 billion. Our estimates, based on national trends, indicate that average growth in Vermont will be about 7% a year. However, we conclude that it is possible to reduce this rate of growth through a wide range of policy initiatives. The actual savings will be determined by decisions yet to be made by the Green Mountain Care Board, the Executive Branch, and the General Assembly, as well as the impact of national initiatives and policy changes, including the amount of federal financial support that we can anticipate. Savings will be dependent upon the types and scope of cost-containment measures that are implemented, such as regulation, payment reform, or delivery system changes. System-wide savings that result from reductions in provider costs (e.g., simplified administration) will also be affected by the mechanism by which those cost reductions are passed on to payers. If action is taken in each area of potential savings discussed in this report, savings will begin in 2014 and rise rapidly for the next several years. In 2020, savings are estimated to range from $553 million (5.5%) to $1.8 billion (18.3% of total spending). The table below shows estimated low- and high-range savings in each category discussed in this report. In order to achieve these savings, substantial investments will be needed. While total investments, including projects already under way, could be higher, in this report, we estimate the portion of those investments attributable to Act 48 to be from $50 to $150 million.
Having read through the report's analysis of the areas of potential savings, I think the overall estimates seem reasonable, even fairly conservative. The report projects that even with the new system, health care costs in Vermont will continue to grow. But with the reforms in place, costs will grow at a significantly slower rate.
It is important to keep in mind that most of the state's new system will not start until 2014, and the new system will not be fully implemented until 2017, unless the state can't get needed federal waivers to start the full reform earlier. This means the 5.5 to 18.3 percent savings projected for the year 2020 only reflect the benefits expected from a few years of full implementation. In the years beyond 2020 the total savings will be even larger thanks to the compounding effect of a slower growth rate.
If the federal government provides the Vermont with the many waivers it will need to implement its new system, the state has the potential to become a strong example to the rest of the country about the benefits of adopting genuinely progressive health care reform instead of corporatist legislation like the Affordable Care Act.
Hi, I'm Mark Nottingham. I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups, and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board . I usually write here about the Web, protocol design, HTTP, and caching. Find out more .
Traffic Server
A long time ago*, the word in high-performance proxy-caching was Inktomi's Traffic Server. It was so fast it was referred to being “carrier grade” and this could be said without people smirking, and it was deployed by the likes of AOL, when AOL was still how most people accessed the Internet.
Then, in 2001, Yahoo! bought Inktomi. They did this because they wanted to be a player in Search, and they happened to get a proxy/caching product for free. It promptly went on the shelf, to be forgotten by all (except the original engineers, a few customers, and the company that support was contracted out to).
A few years ago, some Yahoo! engineers found that code sitting on a shelf and decided to have a play. What they found was that it was still faster than pretty much every thing else out there. So they started using it, and built a team around it.
Fast forward to today, when the source code for Traffic Server is suddenly available as an Apache Incubator Project.
I'm sure you'll be hearing more about it from its developers (I'm just a bystander, relatively), but from my point of view, this is only goodness; another general-purpose high-performance HTTP proxy/cache implementation is sorely needed, for reasons I've discussed before.
So take a look at the source, have a play with it, and come to the MeetUp at ApacheCon next week to see where this thing is going.
Not a long, long time ago, when the word in proxy/caching was Harvest, the granddaddy of them all. But that's another story.
Update: Leif (one of the core developers) gives his take.
Swedish occult metal sextet Ghost and their fans refer to the band's live performances as ‘rituals' and as I observed the line waiting to get into The Myth on Thursday night. Outside, there were ranging degrees of fandom on display, from average concert-goers in their Megadeth/Metallica/Slayer concert tee-shirts, to people that were clearly on the intense side, including a several Nameless Ghoul lookalikes. Point being, Ghost is a band you can enjoy on a number of levels, be it a full-fledged practicing Satanist or just somebody, like me, who enjoys a tight rockin' band with a predilection for classic guitar tones and a penchant for great tunes with big hooks.
With the crowd packed in tightly and the energy starting the to rise, the house lights dimmed. A roar erupted from the sizeable crowd that quickly grew to cataclysmic proportions as Ghost took the stage with full theatrical impact. Lead vocalist Papa Emeritus III sported his mirror universe papal vestments: a richly embroidered purple-lined black satin gown, a mitre emblazoned with the Ghost upside-down cross monogram, and a fiendish skeletal facemask. The Nameless Ghouls (though each is identified by a specific alchemical symbol) were clad in near-identical black cardinal outfits and dapper white spats with full-face silver devil masks complete with horns but lacking mouths. The effect is very unsettling as it looks like the Ghouls' mouths were blurred out by some intentional Photoshop technique.
Throughout the show, both Ghouls and Papa were in near-constant motion back and forth across the stage, engaging with the audience and each other. Early on in the show, the two Ghouls together downstage in an inward-facing circle, and bathed in saturated light from the exceptionally well-designed LED lightshow, the three resembled nothing less than a trio of demons that were attempting to conjured up some sort of fiendish delight. Looming behind the band was a towering backlit backdrop of faux stained glass with appropriate imagery rendered in Art Deco style, echoing the Metropolis-inspired theme of the band's latest offering, Meliora.
The show's setlist drew heavily from Meliora, kicking off with the one-two punch of album openers Spirit and From The Pinnacle To The Pit, the latter featuring a menacing distorted bassline that shook The Myth from foundation to rafters. Ritual, from Ghost's debut Opus Eponymous, followed. Just as there are no doubt athiests who enjoy gospel music, so, too, can Ghost's hymns to the unholy be savored without need for a blood offering to any cloven-hoofed manbeasts. Later in the set, Mummy Dust, already a scorcher on Meliora, took on a new urgency and thunderous power in a live setting, and it was in the midst of this blitzkrieg that Ghost unleashed their most malevolent sulfur-shrouded blasphemy.
As the show drew to a close, Papa took a few moments to give a shout-out to Minnesota for its contributions to heavy metal. After, Ghost launched into their now-classic cover of Roky Erickson's If You Have Ghosts, inspiring a rapturous sing-along from the audience. A brief exit from the stage and the band returned with an encore of Monstance Clock off Infestissumam. The song concludes with a repeated refrain of “Come together, together as a one/Come together for Lucifer's son…” which again spurred the crowd to lift their voices like the worshipful congregation they were.
In the end, the faithful headed out 100% fulfilled knowing the ‘ritual' concluded with great success.
Spurs fans: be careful what you wish for. While arriving with a hefty pedigree, Louis van Gaal - the hot favourite to replace Tim Sherwood in the White Hart Lane dugout next season - isn't without baggage.
Sure, he might have a Champions League to his name, not to mention seven domestic titles and the UEFA Cup, but his spells with Ajax, Barcelona, AZ Alkmaar and Bayern Munich have been pockmarked with controversy. Lots and lots of controversy.
For starters, there's the squabbling. While at the Camp Nou, a high-profile row broke out with Brazil's attacking midfielder Rivaldo over position; at Bayern Munich, Van Gaal once dropped his trousers in a team meeting to prove he had "the balls" to leave out his big name players. "I have never experienced anything like it," said striker, Luca Toni who was present at the time. "It was totally crazy. Luckily I didn't see a lot, because I wasn't in the front row."
Elsewhere, Van Gaal has maintained total control over squad personnel. At Barca he drew eight Dutch players into the squad. This tactic yielded two La Ligas and a Copa del Rey, though it also gathered critical comments from the Catalan press. Not that Van Gaal gave a hoot. When he left in 2000, he announced, "Friends of the press, I am leaving. Congratulations."
For journalists, read Spurs chairman, Daniel Levy and director of football, Franco Baldini - two figures, who in the eyes of Spurs fans, are to blame for the unusual transfer dealings and managerial appointments of recent years. It's unlikely Van Gaal will tolerate any interference on their part when it comes to selecting the players required for bringing success to White Hart Lane. The good news is that his judgement alone might be enough to deliver silverware. The bad is that the fireworks could make for a noisy sideshow.
It's for these reasons that Levy and Baldini might be wise to consider other options when considering Sherwood's replacement this spring. Luckily for them, the shortlist of alternatives makes for exciting reading...
Mauricio Pochettino
Renowned for his easy-on-the-eye football and a high-tempo pressing game, Pochettino's Southampton aren't a million miles away from Daniel Levy's blueprint for Spurs. Saints play a stylish game that has drawn admirers across Europe with a squad of skilful, mainly English players that have been developed into international prospects.
It's hardly a secret that Levy is a fan of young technicians with significant sell-on potential - he has shown that with his signing and subsequent sales of Gareth Bale and Luka Modric, among others. It's also a reported whisper that he covets Southampton winger Adam Lallana as a replacement for Bale - and Pochettino might be the key in that signing. Meanwhile, White Hart Lane would present another logical step for a manager on a successful career path, thus far.
"Come on, Levy said he was calling at 5:45..."
Frank de Boer
Former Dutch stopper De Boer operated with a sprinkling of class while performing at the highest altitudes. He won both the UEFA Cup and Champions League with Ajax, and La Liga with Barcelona following his transfer in 1998/99. As a player he was cut very much in the Spurs mould.
At managerial level, De Boer has enjoyed a similarly prestigious career, working as an assistant coach with the Netherlands as they progressed to the World Cup Final in 2010. Since then he has taken charge of an impressive Ajax side, winning three Eredivisie titles and moulding the early career of current Spurs playmaker, (former Ajax star) Christian Eriksen. That link alone would make him a popular choice with fans and board members alike.
Jurgen Klinsmann
Beware the returning hero. While being a certified crowd favourite at White Hart Lane (but best not mention his hasty departure, and the subsequent Alan Sugar tantrum after his first season in 1994/95), Klinsmann also carries a certain something in managerial terms. Problem is, former legends-turned-managers don't always work out well, as Glenn Hoddle would testify.
Still, given he has operated effectively with the U.S. national team and helped them to qualify for the World Cup this year, an approach following the finals isn't entirely out of the question. The only stumbling block would be his contract, which was extended on December 12, 2013 - four days before Andre Villas-Boas was shown the door.
Klinsmann would be a popular appointment in north London
Carlo Ancelotti
Like Gareth Bale, Ancelotti has endured mixed reviews from the Madridistas this season. Real's inability to pull away in La Liga, twinned with a disappointing defeat in El Clásico last month and a shock away loss to Sevilla, has piled on the pressure. The manner in which they made it through to this year's Champions League semi-final - an occasionally nervy 2-0, second-leg loss to Borussia Dortmund - won't have helped, either.
There's a feeling that if he doesn't win the much-loved European prize this year, Ancelotti might be for the chop. This would have been noted by Spurs, given that as a manger he has both European pedigree and a healthy experience of the Premier League where he briefly managed Chelsea.
Michael Laudrup
Not the spectacular appointment it would have been 12 months ago, but nevertheless, Laudrup still holds some weight as a free agent. Much of this reputation comes from his first season in the Premier League with Swansea, where his team played with style, won the Capital One Cup and attained a healthy mid-table finish.
The lacklustre way in which they approached the 2013/14 campaign will have rung warning bells, however. Europa League air miles and the subsequent logistical assault course that has to be completed in the tournament's wake meant that for much of the season, Swansea looked jaded. If Laudrup can bring his attacking football to White Hart Lane, great. If he's unable to balance domestic and European commitments it might be a tricky appointment.
SEE ALSO Campbell: Levy not afraid to sack his managers
I recruited my Spanish-speaking neighbor. He yelled over the blaring Mexican music expressing my outrage to the group's leader. The leader told me to go "f" myself. He said they have a right to a better life.
Pulling into our driveway after a relaxing month-long cruise, my wife Mary yelled, "What the...?" Mexican flags, old cars, discarded beer cans, and trash were all over our property.
The invaders had an insane tangle of extension cords plugged into my electrical outlets. Sinking into the mud of my once beautiful lawn, I called the police. Sheriff Bob showed up to inform me that the mayor had decreed ours a sanctuary community. He also conveyed the mayor's zero tolerance for my hateful, racist attitude.
Code enforcement cited me for various violations. I was ordered to clean up my property, add bathroom facilities, and upgrade my electrical power to accommodate the daily influx of new residents.
Mary yelled from our bedroom, "Oh, my gosh!" Her jewelry, including her 30th wedding anniversary diamond earrings, was gone.
A neighbor updated me on our community's crisis. Beloved elderly Mr. Ben had been beaten and murdered, eight students were raped, numerous neighbors were assaulted, and several homes were burglarized. Remarkably, not a word of the crime wave had been mentioned in our newspaper. Clearly, the mayor was behind the media blackout.
As a matter of fact, Community Times reporters flooded us with articles praising the invaders and our loving mayor for welcoming these saintly souls seeking a better life. I and fellow neighbors who opposed the invasion and complained about the cost were branded haters, selfish, and racists. The mayor made us owners responsible for providing food, health care, and education for the invaders occupying our properties.
Widowed Miss Shirley, the community gossip, gave Mary the scoop. She reported to Mary that many of the invaders worked for wealthy contributors to the mayor's re-election campaign. The invaders were paid peanuts to work as domestics, janitors, laborers, and maintainers of properties.
My feisty Irish wife said, "One thing is for sure: the mayor and his rich pals don't have to worry about their estates being invaded. Their homes are protected behind 12-foot fences armed with barbed wire, electric fences, and cameras. Meanwhile, we're forced to be their invaders' welcome wagon!"
Folks, the above tale is fiction, a parable I wrote years ago illustrating illegal immigration. I was stunned that so many readers thought my outrageous tale was true. It's a sad commentary on the insanity we have come to expect from government.
Both political parties have a vested interest in supporting the invasion. Big business gets cheap labor. Democrats have blacks on the path to aborting themselves into extinction, so illegals offer Democrats a fresh crop of future voters – an underclass unskilled, uneducated, and dependent on government.
Insidiously, both parties and the mainstream media prey upon the goodness of the American people. Anyone opposing the invasion is branded racist, heartless, and mean.
GOP presidential contender Jeb Bush calls embracing illegal aliens an "act of love." Rush Limbaugh says this is not immigration. We are being invaded.
For several years, I was honored to sing my original, "Celebrate America," at U.S. naturalization ceremonies in Maryland. I took pride in knowing that my song was the first thousands heard as new Americans after swearing their oaths of allegiance. Every ceremony was electric, the hall radiating with emotion and excitement, tears flowing down countless faces. Unbelievably, Obama decreed that new applicants will no longer be required to pledge their allegiance.
Here is a moving, memorable scene. Family members raised the gentleman, in his 80s or 90s, from his wheelchair to his feet. A grandchild held up his right hand. His entire family was tearful as he recited the oath. Folks, these people truly wanted to be Americans. They studied, passed the test, and were anxious to assimilate and contribute. After reciting their oaths and hearing the emcee say, "Congratulations," the hall always erupted in applause and cheers of elation.
Obama refuses to enforce federal immigration law. Ordered to break the law, border security allows everyone to enter, including gang members, rapists, and murderers.
Obama is endangering and devastating American families, with loved ones raped and murdered by invaders. Then Obama showers the invaders with welfare and government checks. Yes, government checks.
Under-reported (hidden) is the epidemic of strange diseases infecting our kids because Obama forced public schools to take in invaders' children.
Obama rolling out the red carpet for invaders is a huge slap in the face to legal new American citizens and those respecting our laws following the legal immigration process.
As with practically every Obama policy, his amnesty for illegals is another self-serving, evil, anti-American agenda item disguised as love. Thank God a few GOP presidential contenders have the backbone to firmly say, "No!"
Alameda County Sheriff's officials said two suspects accused of fatally shooting a man they met to buy an iPhone from in San Leandro have been arrested.The Alameda County Sheriff's Office says technology played a critical role in solving the case. Investigators served a search warrant to LetGo so they could see who Carlos had been speaking with over the app to sell his phone.Officials said a man named Daniel Carlos was murdered in a gas station parking lot located at 159th and East 14th streets in San Leandro on Nov. 18.They added that Carlos went to the gas station to meet with a person and sell an iPhone. During that meeting, officials said his iPhone was stolen and he was fatally shot.Alameda County Sheriff's Office detectives arrested Jordan Patton, 18, of San Francisco and Marcus Fortune, 18, of San Leandro."Ultimately that communication was very important to us because he left a digital footprint but so did the suspects," said Sgt. Ray Kelly.Sgt. Kelly said a witness who saw the getaway vehicle was also critical in the investigation.Fortune and Patton knew each other and had previously played high school football together according to investigators."It's just really sad that these two men decided to take this course in life when they had so many opportunities," said Sgt. Kelly.Daniel Carlos leaves behind a 5-year-old daughter, wife, brother and parents.The Alameda County District Attorney said both suspects face murder charges in Carlos' death.Police are asking anyone with further information about this incident to contact the Alameda County Sheriff's Office at 510 667-3636.
A survey conducted by the Center for Research and Public Policy for Alchemy Systems found that the majority of food industry workers continue to go to work when they're sick, Tech Times reports.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median wage for food industry workers as of May 2014 was $19,560. For many of them, missing work could be too costly. Although she can't speak to other restaurants' policies, former Olive Garden employee Christine Gnecco told Tech Times that employees did not get paid when they didn't show up for work. She added that, even though she followed the proper sanitary procedures, she was still worried about infecting one of her customers.
Though pay is significant, it's not the only consideration. The survey showed that at least half of food workers continue to go to work when ill because they don't want to abandon their team and leave them with extra work. Professor Jay Neal of the University of Houston's hospitality program says that many food workers “have a deep sense of loyalty to their job, not necessarily to the leadership, but to the team, their co-workers.”
51% of workers reported that they “always” or “frequently” go to work when ill. This isn't necessarily a huge problem if someone has a cold, but other fairly common illnesses like Hepatitis A, salmonella, and norovirus, all of which are easily transferrable through food, could prove to be dangerous.
How are missing persons identified?
The process of identification can begin even before an actual body is found - as soon as a person or group is reported missing or presumed dead. Initially, this involves collecting antemortem data. Antemortem data refers to any information or document collected for a person during their life that could assist in identifying them after their death. This includes a physical description of their sex, age, hair colour, stature etc; medical and dental records (including radiographs); individualizing traits like tattoos; and recent photographs. If available, antemortem information also includes details of how a person was dressed at the time of their disappearance and what personal effects they might have been carrying. Any piece of evidence that might identify the person is relevant. Once collected, the data can be compared to similar information obtained from unidentified dead bodies in an attempt to find a match. Whether a single individual is missing or whether multiple fatalities are involved, antemortem records are an essential component of the identification process.
Who provides information about a missing person?
Normally, family members, friends or close associates are the first to be asked for information regarding a missing or presumed dead individual. In addition, investigators may ask for assistance from the general public to find the last person who saw the disappeared individual. Family doctors or dentists are often involved since they are able to provide the relevant medical records. Once obtained, access to antemortem information is restricted to those involved in performing the identifications - this includes coroners, medical examiners, law enforcement agencies and other organizations charged with the identification of missing persons.
Who recovers the body?
When a body is found, strict protocols govern how the remains are handled and collected. The police are usually the first on the scene, followed closely by the coroner or medical examiner who is responsible for the body. Depending on the circumstances, other specialists such as archaeologists or anthropologists may be asked to assist in the recovery of the body or the collection of evidence from the scene. Archaeology and anthropology provide an efficient and accurate way to retrieve clues from a possible crime scene and can help investigators understand the events surrounding the deposition of the body. At this point, everything related to the remains is mapped in situ (exactly where it was found), photographed, collected and sealed as evidence since it might be relevant to the case. From now on, all the associated material could be used in court. A document called a chain of custody records a description of each object and the exact location where it was found, as well as the name and affiliation of each person in possession of the evidence.
What happens to the remains and the evidence?
All the evidence collected at a scene must be transported to a facility where it can be described, photographed and labelled under secure and confidential conditions. Any human remains go to a medical facility, usually a morgue, for an autopsy (Greek for ‘seeing for oneself'). Also known as a postmortem, an autopsy is normally performed by a pathologist, a medical doctor who specialized in the study and diagnosis of diseases. Other professionals like odontologists (dental specialists), anthropologists (if the body is decomposed), or radiologists may also be asked to examine the remains. Any obvious medical conditions will be recorded, and radiographs of the mouth and body are taken. If possible, they will collect fingerprints and samples for DNA analysis. Since their expertise may be used in court in relation to a crime, these professionals may also call themselves forensic specialists. In this context, the forensic pathologist examines the body to determined cause and manner of death. The forensic odontologist analyzes and describes the dental traits. If only skeletal remains are present, a forensic anthropologist examines the bones to create a basic description of the individual, called a biological profile.
Many scientific disciplines can be applied to the identification process and some fields are developing techniques especially for forensic purposes. For example optometry (a branch of medicine concerned with eyes and related structures) has developed a simple method to match eyewear prescriptions with recorded patient information. To do this, a large database was created to register individual prescriptions. When eyewear is found at a scene, a program calculates the frequency with which such a prescription could occur in the defined population. While such methods are potentially useful in forensic investigations, it is important to remember that any conclusions reached by them must achieve a very high degree of scientific rigour to be accepted in court.
How are antemortem and postmortem comparisons made?
When the relevant antemortem information on a missing person has been gathered and the data has been collected on the found human remains, the next step of the identification process begins. This involves comparing the two sets of information to look for features that match. Depending on the circumstances, the comparison may be done by a coroner, medical examiner, or law enforcement agent. In many cases there is a coordinated effort by different agencies. If a possible match is found, all the relevant information must be checked for accuracy and consistency. Not all evidence has the same value for identification, however. For example, if the clothing found with the body appears to match the description given in the antemortem record, this provides only a presumptive identification, not a positive identification. Such common objects like clothing cannot provide a positive identification because multiple individuals could have the same items. On the other hand, if the fingerprints taken on the body match the fingerprints taken when the person was alive, this is considered a positive identification because the probability of two individuals having the same print is very low. Positive identifications may also be made through antemortem and postmortem comparisons of DNA , dental or medical radiographs, distinct fractures, tattoos or particular diseases. In cases where more than one individual is involved, a positive identification might require several techniques and multiple samples because the bodies might be mixed up. In this case, associated evidence becomes relevant and can be used to corroborate the identity of the person. Once positively identified, the body is then delivered to a funeral home or the family for final disposition.
Who may ask for an autopsy?
Under normal circumstances, the body of a deceased person belongs to their family or next of kin (a close relative). The family has the right to order an autopsy if they wish to know the exact cause (e.g. disease, injury or abnormality) or manner (natural, accident, suicide, homicide, or undetermined) of death. However, if a death occurs under suspicious circumstances, the responsibilities of State override the wishes of the family and a coroner or medical examiner may order a postmortem without seeking permission from the deceased's relatives.
What issues are associated with identification?
All humans have the right to be treated with respect, even after death. However, medicolegal efforts to identify an individual sometimes conflict with the beliefs or practices of their families. For example, the family of a deceased person may not wish to have certain medical procedures conducted on their loved one or agree with the methods that are required for identification. Specific religious requirements for the proper handling and treatment of the body after death strongly influence a family's reaction to the need for an autopsy. Some religions, such as Islam and Judaism, teach that a body must be buried soon after death and do not allow voluntary autopsies because they are considered a desecration of the person. However, most religious leaders agree that there are exceptions. For example, an autopsy may be permitted if the information gleaned from it might save a life. Similarly, if foul play is suspected, an autopsy is allowed in order to help the police solve the crime.
Burial may also cause conflicts between families and investigators. For example, Islam and Judaism have a special prohibition against burying an incomplete body. According to some, if the whole body is not buried, it is as if no burial took place at all. This obviously presents challenges for investigators who may need to retain tissue samples for future tests. As in most aspects of life, professionals working with human remains must be sensitive to different perspectives and try to accommodate their needs as best they can. In general, death investigators strive to respect religious wishes and treat all human remains with respect and dignity. In addition, they make every effort to perform their duties as efficiently as possible to minimize any additional stress to the family. But it is also important to remember that investigators are primarily responsible for determining the circumstances of a death and cultural and religious concerns may have to be set aside in order to understand what happened. This is especially true if a crime has been committed. In this respect, an investigator's first duty is to the deceased themselves - to their identification and to the resolution and prevention of the conditions that caused their death.
How has the media affected the identification process?
For some time now, forensic science has been a popular topic for TV programs, movies and books. However, many of these media represent the work of forensic scientists with less accuracy and more drama than is the case in real life. In turn, this has generated a number of misconceptions about what can be achieved through forensic methods – a problem dubbed “the CSI effect”. This effect has caused widespread confusion regarding how crimes are ‘solved' and by whom. In particular, fictional representations of forensic investigations tend to grossly exaggerate - if not actually fabricate - the kinds of equipment used, the process and accuracy of the methods, and the abilities of each specialty. In addition, analysts worry that TV viewers will come to believe that real forensic science is as swift as it is portrayed in the shows. Instead of the minutes that pass on TV, real forensic analyses often take days or weeks to complete. And sometimes they fail! False impressions also surround the degree to which each forensic analyst is involved in a case. Real forensic scientists are specialists who develop very specific skills in one area. Unlike their fictional counterparts, they do not all interview suspects, run after the criminals, perform autopsies and analyse the skeletal remains as part of their daily tasks!
While these inaccuracies may seem merely frustrating, they can have potentially devastating effects if brought to the court during real criminal proceedings. Lawyers, judges and jurors may be influenced by such misinformation and have unrealistic expectations of the accuracy and reliability of the evidence, results or testimony provided by forensic experts. As a result, forensic scientists must be especially careful to ensure that they are clear about the abilities and limitations of their work and do not allow misunderstandings to persist.
CLEVELAND -- Both Hanley Ramirez and Pablo Sandoval were expensive disappointments for the 2015 Red Sox.
Ramirez was an outright disaster in the outfield, seemingly unwilling to commit to the necessary work after spring training. He then was limited in the second half by shoulder woes and underperformed offensively.
As for Sandoval, he had a poor season at the plate and slipped in the field.
If both are back next season, the Red Sox have sent a message that they want both players to return weighing less.
Ramirez bulked up a great deal last winter, feeling that he could afford to do so in the outfield while aiding him at the plate.
Now, they want a more streamlined Ramirez.
"It has been discussed,” said interim manager Torey Lovullo. "It was outlined in his exit physical. He needs to come in at a certain weight. That's our expectation. I think (we asked him to come back) at 15 pounds, 15-20 pounds lighter, is what was asked of him.”
Lovullo said a smaller frame will allow Ramirez "to stay healthy, (place) less stress on the body. All from a health standpoint, all for getting through a season and not having those aches and pains a big body has. We all know that when he carries extra weight, it puts more stress on your joints.”
The Sox also think the loss of weight will enable Ramirez to be more athletic, especially as he shifts to first base.
"To be an infielder, you have to be a little more agile,” Lovullo said. "So that's another reason why.”
Lovullo stressed that the team wasn't "picking on” Ramirez, whom he admitted can be "an easy target.”
"These are all very common conversations that we have with guys,” said Lovullo. "We set up goals for what you need to look like when you come to spring training, so please don't make it sound like we're picking on him. That's not the case. We're trying to do the best thing for Hanley and this is what we've outlined.”
Lovullo said the Sox also want Sandoval in better condition. Sandoval has battled weight issues for his entire major league career.
“We are keeping an eye on our athletes,” said Lovullo. "We don't just let them go home and do nothing. They are on a program that they're expected to follow. That's part of being a Boston Red Sox -- you come to spring training ready to go.”
Scientist clone Cosima on "Orphan Black" isn't just a simple TV character. As most die-hard "Orphan Black" fans know, Cosima is based (semi-loosely) on a real-life person; Cosima Herter is currently a PhD student studying the historical development of biotechnology in the 20th century, and she moonlights as the Science Consultant on the show (you can see her name in the credits).
In the flesh, Herter bears many similarities to her TV namesake. She has multiple tattoos, she gesticulates often, and she has a laid-back, super-intelligent vibe. I'd be lying if I said I fully understood everything she spoke about, but it was a distinct pleasure all the same.
Herter chatted with HuffPost Canada TV about the "crazy science" of "Orphan Black," how she and the showrunners come up with plausible plotlines, and any tidbits she could provide about the upcoming Season 2 finale.
HuffPost Canada TV: What a cool thing. You're a consultant for the show but also an inspiration for a character. How did this all even start?
Cosima Herter: It's a crazy thing! [Laughs] Well, Graeme [Manson, showrunner] and I have known each other for a long time. It started off as a conversation between friends, and then grew into more. It just so happened that the concept of the show mapped onto what I'm studying, which is evolutionary biology and cloning, and the history and philosophy of science.
Does it feel weird when you watch someone who's supposed to be you? At least someone inspired by you?
Yeah, it's a bit weird. But Cosima is a composite of the writers, and she's also how Tatiana [Maslany] embodies her. Tatiana and I spent some time together -- and wow, talk about a remarkable human being, not just as an actor, but ... what a solid, sincere, dedicated person. Also a good ol' Canuck. Anyway, sometimes I'll be sitting with her or watching "Orphan Black," and just the way she sits ... it's like how I'm sitting now! Some of the things that come out of her mouth are a bit shocking, because they're things that've come out of my mouth. I'm not conscious of what John [Fawcett] and Graeme are looking at when I come in, but I guess they're taking it in! That's the long way of saying that yes, it can be surreal sometimes. I really try not to think about it too much, because it makes me feel weird.
But you'd say that there are more differences than similarities between you and the Cosima character?
Well, first of all, I'm 20 years older than the Cosima on TV. [Laughs] I'm in your face, too. Also, we can't forget that she's been getting more and more sick. But she's a smartass. Like me.
Have there been any things that John and Graeme have brought up that you've said "no" to?
Just to reiterate, I'm not a scientist. I'm a historian and philosopher of science and technology, so I have to study the science too, in order to provide a cogent explanation of things. Sometimes they'll be talking about things in the writing room, and what I'll do is frame some of those ideas. The whole cloning issue, for example. I'll come in and explain what a clone is -- there are lots of clones in nature. It's prolific. Your cells clone each other, jellyfish clone each other, bacteria clone each other. Anything that's not sexually reproducing. So I'll come in and explain that, and then correct the shallow layviews of some of the science. The topic that comes up a lot lately is nature vs. nurture. Physical traits are one thing, but when we start talking about behavioural traits, things change.
Intelligence is a good example. It's a constellation of all kinds of behaviours -- cognitive reception, interactions with your world. It's really contentious to say whatever kind of "behaviour" is necessarily inherited. This is one of the premises for eugenics. So I come in and correct this presumption of inheritance -- like, that's not how your DNA works. It's a code. If I give you a sheet of music, and I give that person a sheet of music, you follow the instructions but how it's expressed is entirely different. You see that there are a lot of things that contribute to the expression of certain kinds of traits.
"Orphan Black" touches on the trans and homosexuality communities. Is that a conscious decision or are they some things that just pop up in the storyline?
People in the media always ask these questions in the same way: it's either nature or it's nurture. So I'll come in and say, "Yes, those things are. But let's actually take nurture apart and look at all the things involved in it." Then you can ask different questions. "Orphan Black" isn't trying to answer those questions, either. We want to leave it up to you, the viewer, to answer them for yourselves.
We're not trying to make a statement. I know Graeme, John and all of the other writers so well. I know how important these questions are to them; no one's trying to be cheap. No one's saying that your sexuality is necessarily a choice or that you're born this way and you have no choice. I think those two extremes are dangerous. That kind of extremism is the basis for all kinds of fundamentalism. If you only have two options, then that's not a choice.
So you believe it's more of a spectrum, then?
I totally believe there's a spectrum of people in the world, yes. We have homosexual characters on "Orphan Black," we have the trans character, Tony ... I feel like we're waiting for some sort of major negative backlash.
I feel like "Orphan Black" is genuine in its delivery, though. You can tell it's a sincere depiction, and not just a gimmick.
Not at all! Absolutely. Graeme and John didn't introduce Tony for simple representation. All the characters you see -- and let's not forget these characters are fictional -- are there to show the diversity of the real world. These are our friends, our family, our intimate relationships. They're just people!
Have you ever made "crazy science" with someone?
[Laughs] First of all, I'm not a scientist ... but have I made crazy science with someone? Oh, yeah.
How much interaction did you have with Tatiana this season?
There was more interaction in the beginning of Season 1 when we were getting to know each other. There aren't enough adjectives to describe how lovely she is. You think it's so over the top when you meet someone and they're really awesome. She's remarkable. The first couple of times we sat together and I described the biology and the science.
Have you ever seen the John Bonner slime mould video? I know that sounds disgusting, but I cry every time I see it. Anyway, I showed this video to Tatiana when I was talking about evolution, and we both just started bawling our eyes out. I was trying not to cry because I didn't want her to think I was a total loser, but then I looked at her and she was totally crying too. [Laughs] Now, I'm not in Toronto as often, but I do try to see her whenever I'm here.
What can you tell us about the upcoming Season 2 finale?
Oh my God! The finale! I watched it again last night and I was just like [mouth hangs open]. It's beautiful, it's heartbreaking, it's exhilarating. You will not see it coming. You will not see any of it coming.
The "Orphan Black" Season 2 finale airs on Saturday, June 21 at 9 p.m. ET on Space in Canada and on BBC America in the U.S.
Monday, 30 March
Sebastian Vettel's first win for Ferrari was "the wake-up call" that Mercedes needed, says the British team's boss Toto Wolff. (Motorsport.com)
Vettel's victory left his old Red Bull mentor Dr Helmut Marko 400 euros richer - after the Austrian bet on the four-time world champion winning his first race for Ferrari in Sepang. (grandprix.com)
Toro Rosso driver Max Verstappen, 17, says finishing seventh at the Malaysian GP and becoming F1's youngest points scorer was "fun". (Independent)
Both Verstappen and Toro Rosso team-mate Carlos Sainz Jr finished ahead of the two Red Bulls
Force India drivers Sergio Perez and Nico Hulkenberg both felt their penalties for collisions in Sepang were undeserved. (Autosport)
The Malaysian GP will stay on the F1 calendar until 2018 after the Sepang International Circuit signed a new contract with the FIA. (Planet F1)
The Lotus team cheekily suggested McLaren driver Fernando Alonso would not be able to watch the podium celebration of Sebastian Vettel, who replaced the Spaniard at Ferrari. (Twitter)
Sunday, 29 March
Speaking before Sebastian Vettel's Malaysian GP victory on Sunday, three-time world champion Niki Lauda, who won two of his titles with Ferrari and is now an adviser to Mercedes, says of his old team: "Ferrari are coming! They have improved more than any other team since last season."(Guardian)
Lewis Hamilton used a drivers' briefing ahead of the Malaysian Grand Prix to demand more information from Formula 1's authorities about Fernando Alonso's testing accident, with the exact circumstances of the crash still unknown. (Telegraph)
Formula 1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone says the sport is 'sick', and has criticised the teams for being too egoistic. (Motorsport.com)
Williams test driver Susie Wolff has criticised calls for an all-female version of Formula 1 to be launched.(GrandPrix.com)
World champion Lewis Hamilton meets his adoring public in Sepang
Former F1 driver Franck Montagny has been suspended for two years by the FIA, after failing an anti-doping test last year.(The Checkered flag)
Lewis Hamilton hails his fans, posts a picture and writes on Twitter: "#TeamLH representing for me today at Sepang!! #MalaysiaGP #LoveMyTeam."
Jenson Button tweets his condolences after a spectator died following a crash at the VLN Endurance Championship in Germany on Saturday. "Terrible news from the Nurburgring, motor racing is a great sport but can be so cruel. Thoughts with everyone effected by the incident."
Saturday, 28 March
Bernie Ecclestone has hailed Lewis Hamilton as the "best champion we've had" while adding four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel should have done more under his reign. (PlanetF1)
Ecclestone also says F1 needs to be a lot better at facing its problems and admits: "The trouble is we've got an old house and we keep repairing it. It's not really the way to go." (ESPN)
Sauber have produced a detailed picture of their car cut in half, with each section carefully labelled and available as a PDF download on Twitter.
Sauber's 2015 car, fully dissected and labelled
Michael Schumacher's step-brother, former A1GP racer Sebastian Stahl, took a Germanwings flight from Barcelona the day before the tragic 9525 crashed in the Alps - and considered delaying his departure and rebooking on the doomed flight.(Motorsport.com)
McLaren's Kevin Magnussen has admitted he let an opportunity to race in Indycar this year slide when Fernando Alonso crashed in Barcelona testing and he deputised for the Spaniard at the Australian GP. (GrandPrix.com)
ChemChina's takeover of Pirelli will not affect the Italian tyre maker's involvement in Formula 1. (Reuters)
Friday, 27 March
The FIA's ban on drivers changing helmet designs has claimed its first victim, as Lewis Hamilton explains:"I had a special helmet made to celebrate Petronas & Malaysia. Due to the FIA's new rule, I can't wear it."
Left in the pits: Lewis Hamilton is barred from using this one-off design in Malaysia
Valtteri Bottas is still in some discomfort from the back pain that had ruled the Williams driver out of the Australian Grand Prix, but the Finn says it is now manageable as he returns to the track in Malaysia this weekend. (Autosport)
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg might have his mind on other things, with German newspaper Bild claiming that his pregnant wife Vivian is struggling with hyperemesis gravidarum - a rare and extreme form of morning sickness.(Grandprix.com)
Romain Grosjean remains positive despite his Lotus engine suffering a loss of power in the afternoon session of first practice in Malaysia after finishing fourth in the morning. He tweeted:"Always see the glass half full :-) happy with the car this morning #Keepsmiling."
Romain Grosjean has not finished in the points since Monaco in 2014
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has admitted he was wrong to ask the FIA to put in place measures to negate Mercedes' advantage after their one-two in Melbourne. (Planet F1)
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel had dismissed as a publicity stunt an offer from rival Mercedes to visit their garage at the Malaysian Grand Prix. (Gulf Daily News)
Force India's deputy team principal Bob Fernley believes F1's monetary problems has its roots in the collapse of the Formula 1 Teams' Association, which was caused by Red Bull. (F1 Fanatic)
Thursday, 26 March
Silverstone's managing director says Governments must start underwriting the costs of staging grands prix to stop the drift of races from Europe to the Far East and Arabian Gulf. (Independent)
Honda does not believe that its bid to catch up to its rivals in Formula 1 would be boosted if it supplied more than one team for its comeback. (Autosport)
Rain is predicted at Sepang this weekend and the Lotus team have posted a picture on Twitter suggesting the forecasters are on the money.
Lotus F1: "Who was it that mentioned thunderstorms again?"
Nico Rosberg has revealed that he wears a woman's sanitary towel inside his crash helmet to absorb sweat. (Sky Sports)
Sebastian Vettel says he is much happier with this year's Ferrari than he was with the 2014 Red Bull. (Motorsport.com)
McLaren-Honda will be quicker during the second event of the Formula 1 season in Malaysia than it was in the Australian Grand Prix two weeks ago, according to Jenson Button. (Autosport)
Wednesday, 25 March
Lewis Hamilton hopes to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes - which could be worth as much as £40 million a year - before this Sunday's Malaysian Grand Prix. (Daily Telegraph)
Max Verstappen (in the car) and Carlos Sainz Jr appeared in a Toro Rosso cartoon
Hamilton made a surprise appearance at the launch of a youth project in the Malaysian state of Malacca on Tuesday. He posted on Instagram: "Got to visit two groups of amazing kids today. These are just a few out of a huge bunch, but it was a pleasure to meet such outgoing, positive and bright young people!"
McLaren will restrict questions about Fernando Alonso's return from concussion to a press conference on Thursday - in an attempt to allow him the following two days to focus on Sunday's race in Sepang. (Pitpass)
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has dismissed as "lies" Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey's criticism of the team's engine. (Auto Hebdo - in French)
But Abiteboul says the Renault engine will not win a race for Red Bull or Toro Rosso this season. (Autosport.com)
Nico Rosberg hopes Mercedes' rivals will provide increased competition in Formula 1 this season. (ESPN)
Lewis Hamilton met 340 schoolchildren taking part in a youth project in Malaysia
Lotus F1 driver Pastor Maldonado has been pleasantly surprised by his car's performance in the early stages of the season.(Autosport.com)
Hong Kong's Adderly Fong - who has completed in Formula 3 and at the Le Mans 24 Hours - has joined Lotus F1 as a development driver. (Crash.net)
Toro Rosso tweeted a cartoon showing how drivers Carlos Sainz Jr and Max Verstappen might try to keep cool at Sunday's Malaysian Grand Prix.
Formula 1 is in a mess but has not even acknowledged it has a problem, according to former driver John Watson. (Guardian)
Tuesday, 24 March
McLaren driver Fernando Alonso tweeted a reminder of his three wins in the Malaysian Grand Prix following the announcement that he will return to action at this weekend's race in Sepang after recovering from concussion.
Alonso has won in Sepang for three different teams
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has praised his team for a "faultless" opening weekend in Australia but warns that their rivals will be looking to hit back in Sepang. (Motorsport.com)
Sauber's Felipe Nasr is excited about the season's second race as he feels the Sepang circuit, with its long straights and fast corners, will suit his C34. (Crash.net)
Ferrari junior driver Raffaele Marciello is relishing the prospect of his first competitive F1 outing when he sits in for Nasr at Sauber in first practice on Friday. (Planet F1)
Williams test driver Susie Wolff posted a video on Twitter of what looks like a fairly intensive kickboxing session. "Nobody got hurt in the making of this video..." she wrote.
Susie Wolff: "Have been alleviating some aggression with Thai kickboxing..."
Force India boss Vijay Mallya is urging his team to build on their good start to the season following the seven points earned by drivers Nico Hulkenberg and and Sergio Perez in Melbourne. (Formula 1.com)
Sepang chairman Mokhzani Mahathir says there is still much negotiation to be done over a three-year extension to the circuit's contract, which is due to expire after 17 years. (Grand Prix.com)
Monday, 23 March
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg has posted a video of his fitness preparations for the Malaysia Grand Prix - walking up all 2,170 steps inside one of the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur.
Jenson Button warmed up for the Malaysian Grand Prix with a finishing time of one hour, two minutes and 35 seconds in a 10-mile run at Thanyapura in Thailand. "Great 10-mile run @Thanyapura1 yesterday, happy with the result," tweeted the McLaren driver.
Williams' performance chief Rob Smedley is confident his team can "outdevelop" their rivals this season. (Autosport)
Nico Rosberg walked all the way to the top of one of the Petronas Towers, which was the world's tallest building from 1998 to 2004
Claire Williams, deputy team principal at Williams, feels that F1 should listen to fans a lot more regarding changes and improvements to the sport. (Crash.net)
Nico Hulkenberg wants his Force India team to build on their good start to the season but has warned against complacency at next weekend's grand prix at Sepang. (The Checkered Flag)
McLaren racing director Eric Boullier says that Jenson Button's finish in Australia gave the team and Honda a huge boost as they try to find a way forward. (Motorsport.com)
Several major civil-rights organizations, including the NAACP and the ACLU, are expressing outrage that President-elect Donald Trump has picked Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions to be the next attorney general of the United States.
A statement from the NAACP Legal Defense Fund blasted Sessions' “decades-long record—from his early days as a prosecutor to his present role as a senator—of opposing civil rights and equality.” President and Director-Counsel Sherrilyn Ifill wrote, “It is unimaginable that he could be entrusted to serve as the chief law-enforcement officer for this nation's civil-rights laws. This is yet another signal from the incoming administration that it is not only prepared to turn its back on equality; it is actively working to continue to sow division and undo decades of progress.”
The selection followed a meeting between Trump and Sessions on Wednesday, in which Trump said he was “unbelievably impressed” with Sessions. The senator, to say the least, is a controversial choice to run the Justice Department, as he has been publicly accused of racially charged comments and actions as far back as the 1980s.
“The last person women and families need in this job is someone who has repeatedly given a pass to individuals who commit acts of violence against abortion clinics, doesn't take sexual assault seriously, and was determined to be too racist by a GOP-led Senate to become a federal judge,” NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue said in a statement Friday. “But that's who Jeff Sessions is. His record of misogyny and racism makes him unfit to be the country's top lawyer. The American people deserve far better, but with Donald Trump at the helm, we know we won't get it.”
Hogue specifically blasted Sessions' “long anti-choice record,” as well as his defense of Trump's notorious “grab them by the pussy” moment.
ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero chimed on Friday with his own statement about Trump's choice. “As a matter of organizational policy, the American Civil Liberties Union does not take a position supporting or opposing presidential or judicial nominations,” the statement read.
“We do, however, educate the American people and the Congress about nominees' records and past positions.” Sessions has, Romero said, “called the ACLU un-American and communist, assertions we flatly reject.” Romero continued, “His positions on LGBT rights, capital punishment, abortion rights, and presidential authority in times of war have been contested by the ACLU and other civil-rights organizations. As the nation's highest-ranking law enforcement official, the attorney general is charged with protecting the rights of all Americans.”
U.S. Rep. Luis V. Gutiérrez, of Illinois, issued his own passionate denouncement that caught wind on Twitter. “If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept quiet, gays were in the closet, immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the kitchen, Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is your man,” he wrote.
“No senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of Latinos, immigrants, and people of color than Sen. Sessions,” the congressman added. “He is a staunch opponent of legal immigration and someone who has blocked every effort to improve, modernize, and humanize our immigration system, which is two or three decades out-of-date.”
—Olivia Messer
.
Only hours prior a sold out concert in Munich, Germany, Joey DeMaio made a sensational and unexpected announcement for every true MANOWAR fan!
For the first time ever, MANOWAR will open their secret archives so that fans can finally hear the official history of MANOWAR, from the very beginning until now!
Life on the road and in the studio; the glory and the battles; the secrets, and the triumph of steel – Joey DeMaio unfolds ‘The Blood of The Kings' chapter by chapter; live, onstage and in person, in a captivating one-man multimedia show.
‘The Blood of The Kings' Spoken Word Tour is a rare, personal look inside the exceptional career of one of the most iconic, most enduring bands in Heavy Metal.
General Admission tickets for ‘The Blood of the Kings' Spoken Word Tour 2019 Germany are now on exclusive pre-sale on eventim.de.
Ultimate Fan Experience (UFE) Upgrades that provide an even more in-depth experience will go on sale at a later point. Ultimate Fan Experience Upgrades will only be valid in connection with a General Admission ticket.
Fans should secure their General Admission tickets immediately.
For constant updates go to manowar.com and follow facebook.com/manowar and twitter.com/manowar.
‘The Blood of The Kings' – Spoken Word Tour 2019 – Confirmed Tour Dates:
NOV 01, 2019 – Munich – Technikum
NOV 02, 2019 – Nuremberg – Kleine Meistersingerhalle
NOV 03, 2019 – Stuttgart – Liederhalle (Silchersaal)
NOV 04, 2019 – Frankfurt – Batschkapp
NOV 05, 2019 – Dusseldorf – Savoy Theater
NOV 07, 2019 – Bochum – Christuskirche
NOV 08, 2019 – Hamburg – Kleine Laeiszhalle
NOV 09, 2019 – Berlin – Tempodrom (Kleine Arena)
NOV 10, 2019 – Leipzig – Haus Leipzig
.
Want to know when the "bottom" is finally in? The "bottom" will be close when buying real estate make sense as a sound business proposition. This kind of foreclosed/distressed property is not even close to being a decent business proposition:
If you want to spawn "The Creature From the Black Lagoon," then by all means fill up this abandoned McMansion's pool:
What's a sound business proposition? making a profit from day one, without the aid of any tax shenanigans. At the real bottom in real estate cycles, you can buy a house or apartment and rent it out at market rates--and make a profit on day one in cash-accounting terms.
If you can't rent the property out for a profit from day one, it isn't the bottom.
Untold numbers of inexperienced speculators bought homes with the untested notion that they could "rent it out" ("buy to let" in the U.K.) if flipping it for vast profits didn't work out. Let's go through the actual expenses of an absentee landlord/owner:
1. down payment. The down payment isn't "free": you could be earning 3% or so in a money market/T-bill. As pathetic as that is, it's not zero. If the down payment isn't earning more than 3%, then why bother buying real estate?
2. mortgage/borrowed money. This is self-evident. But wait--there's more!
3. property management. Even if you do it yourself, it's not "free"; nobody's time is free. The standard fee is abour 5-6% to handle the rental and collect the rent. This does not cover gardening, upkeep, repairs, etc.--those are extra. Plus somebody has to respond to tenant complaints. That's not free, either.
4. property taxes. Like weeds, these just grow constantly. Don't forget the special assessments.
5. advertising/marketing. Sure, craigslist is free--but somebody has to meet prospective tenants, process their rental applications, check their credit, etc. Maybe that's included in your property management fee, maybe not.
6. auto/truck expenses. hauling stuff to the dump and driving to Lowes/Home Cheepo isn't free.
7. cleaning and maintenance. When the tenant moves out, the place isn't perfect, no matter what you hope/what the lease says. (And how good is that lease, anyway? Better add a couple hundred bucks for attorney's fees if you're smart.)
Ah, maintenance. That covers quite a few costly items: appliances that die, carpets that wear out, hardwood floors stained by cat pee/soggy house plants, furnace filters, paint that gets grimy, etc. Many pros figure 10% of the rent goes (eventually) to repairs/maintenance. If you stipulate the tenant takes care of the yard, be prepared to own a slum.
8. Insurance. It's nice if you could get homeowner's coverage, but you can't--your rental is a commercial property. Now you need liability coverage, too, not just fire insurance. Nothing like a tenant "tripping on the broken concrete" to remind you of that.
9. repairs. A building is a living thing which breaks down over time--expecially if it's a cheaply built, poorly constructed McMansion/condo. Windows break, paint peels, roofing leaks, flashing rusts, stairs rot, crummy veneer flooring delaminates, the list is endless.
10. utilities. Many landlords pay for water, but maybe you won't.
11. fees and licenses. Your city or county probably wants some business license fees from your landlording business. One way or another, there's sure to be some fees or licensing costs somewhere. Maybe the city inspects the property for safety--and bills you. Some agency or municipality is sure to assess you something beyond property tax.
12. Vacancies. Yes, some premium properties are rarely empty, but don't fool yourself--the pros know vacancies are a fact of rental real estate life. Most figure 5% (for premium properties) to 10% (for less than premium).
OK, so let's say a rental property rents for $1,500/month in the real world. In my neck of the woods, this would be a small 2-bedroom, 1-bath bungalow. Maybe in your area, it would be a 4-bedroom, 2-bath home. Regardless, the key is to add up the real-world expenses and see if owning the property pencils out as a business proposition.
Due to variations in property tax rates, it's difficult to set a generic cost to owning a house. And of course, the property tax drops along with the value of the property.
To keep things simple. let's say the rental costs $300,000 and the owner bought it with no down payment. According to zillow.com's mortgage estimation tool, a $300K mortgage at 6% (30-year fixed-rate) costs $2,124/month or $25,500 a year.
A rough guesstimate of all the non-mortgage expenses listed above for a $300K property comes to between $8,000 and $9,000, so let's take the lower number. (Insurance and other costs vary widely, too.) $8K + $25K = $33K in expenses against $18K in annual income. A $15,000 per year loss is not a good business proposition.
So let's lower the price to $200,000. The mortgage drops to $18,000 a year, and the lower valuation shaves $1,000 off the property tax. So $7K + $18K = $25K versus an annual income of $18K. A $7,000 annual loss is a lousy business proposition.
So let's drop the price down to $150,000. The mortgage drops to $1,224/month or $14,600 annually. Let's shave another $1,000 off the property tax (too bad for the city/ county depending on onrising property tax revenues) and assume all non-mortgage expenses can be reduced to $6,000 per year. $14.5K + $6K = $20.5K versus $18,000 rental income: we're down to a $2,500 annual loss.
So let's ratchet the pruchase price down to $130,000. Now the mortgage is only $13,000 a year and the non-mortgage expenses, well let's say they're down to $5,500 a year. $13K + $5.5K = $18.5K against $18K in rental income. Hey, we're finally getting close to breakeven here. An actual, honest profit is just around the corner.
So let's assume a purchase price of $126,000 for the house which rents for $1,500 per month ($18,000 a year). Now at long last we can anticipate a modest profit--unless of course the property sits vacant more than a few weeks out of the year.
Real estate investment pros have a rule of thumb for establishing fair value of rental property. Multiply the annual gross rental by between 6 and 10; that gives you a "business" estimate of the value of the rental. In not-so-great neighborhoods, a multiple of 6 is standard; a house that rents for $18,000 a year would thus be worth $108,000. A moderate neighborhood would fetch a multiple of 7--magically, our $126,000 number. Premium neighborhoods (where it is presumed you can raise the rents) may be worth 8 to 10 times gross annual rents.
So even in a wonderful neighborhood with terrific schools and other assets, a house renting for $18,000 a year is worth no more than $175,000--as a business proposition. Of course you can pay more, but you're paying for "blue sky," not an asset that can be sold on the open market as a business proposition.
There are many other variables, of course; if interest rates climb, then the cost of the property has to decline further to make investment sense. Nonetheless, we can say with great historical accuracy that housing of any sort which can be purchased for a multiple of 6 or 7 is a sound investment. History suggests that only when properties are selling for these low multiples can we discern the "bottom."
And when will that occur? If we look at the chart of mortgage re-sets, we see the non-subprime re-sets really start rising in 2009 and keep increasing all the way through 2011 before finally falling off in 2012. Since we can also anticipate the recession will be neither shallow nor short, there are ample reasons to expect the inventory of unsold homes to rise in inverse proportion to the number of qualified, willing buyers. What does an oversupply of merchandise (houses) and a dearth of demand/buyers lead to? Falling prices.
It's easy to multiply a number by 7. That big house down the street that rents for $3,000 a month/$36,000 a year? At the real "bottom," that house will sell for about $250,000 (or less). That condo which rents for $1,200/month/$14,000 a year? $100,000, tops. And so on.
Can real estate decline in value? Yes. At what point does it make sense to buy real estate as an investment which bests other business opportunities? When it makes a profit on day one, after all expenses, not just mortgage/property tax/insurance. And what's a time-tested method of figuring that price? Seven times gross annual rental income.
Calling the bottom won't be that difficult; it requires only patience and simple arithmetic.
One caveat: if a property can't be rented at any price, its value is essentially zero.
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics, please visit my weblog.
AFTER the Scottish football team's stunning one-goal ­victory over Croatia, the SNP seems to have come up with a real 2014 referendum vote ­winner.
It proposes that an independent Scotland would use the powers of the European Union to ensure all the national team's matches are shown on free-to-air television.
Sky Sports currently holds the rights to both home and away qualifiers for Euro 2016 and the 2018 World Cup involving the national side. But that deal expires after the 2018 qualifiers.
The EU's Audiovisual Media Services Directive allows member states the option to draw up a list of sporting or cultural events – their “Crown Jewels” – which are of major importance to society, to be broadcast on free-to-air TV.
Alex Salmond has previously criticised “extraordinary and frankly unacceptable” position that Scotland's qualifiers are not shown on terrestrial channels. England's football matches are broadcast on ITV, as part of an exclusive four-year deal with the English FA.
Under the current Sky Sports deal, STV only gets the Scotland highlights. However, yesterday culture secretary Fiona Hyslop told Scotland on Sunday, the national team's matches would be included in the “Crown Jewels” list.
She said: “In an independent Scotland we would have the powers to ensure Scotland's World Cup and European Championship qualifying matches were available for everyone to watch on free-to-air TV.
“The Scottish Government has consistently argued for Scotland's football matches to be added to the list of sporting events that must be available live on free-to-air television.”
The UK's sport events protected for free-to-air TV include the Wimbledon tennis ­finals, the Grand National and the Olympic Games. However, the list of events available for Scottish viewers on network TV includes the Challenge Cup final for rugby league, which mainly involves teams with a fan-base in northern England.
Under EU rules governments are effectively protected from legal challenges over sporting events given protected status.
The last UK Labour government faced calls from backbenchers to extend the list of protected sporting events.
John Grogan, who served as a Labour MP in the last parliament for Selby, campaigned for the inclusion of sports such as Test Match cricket on the list presented to the EU. However, Gordon Brown's government failed to introduce any legislation on the issue.
svanpal | Credits 760 Experience 595 Prestige -1 Digests 0 Posts 272 Sex Male Online time 77 Hours Registration Sep-10-2014 Last visit Aug-08-2018 svanpal 3 Threads 272 Posts 760 Credits Diamond Member 760 forum credits, 1240 more needed to upgrade to the next level 760 forum credits, 1240 more needed to upgrade to the next level Credits 760 Device Mi 3 Online time 77 Hours Send PM
161# 00:16, May-30-2015 | From PC | This post was edited by volcano619 at 09:11, Jun-01-2015
After 25 Years:
Google launched Android Virtual 3D.
In Mean While:
MIUI Users:
Are we getting Android Lolipop in next update?
MIUI Developers:
3rd dot from the right side of the screen was too dark. We made it little light. Now it looks better.
Numbers 1, 4 and 8 were missing in dailer due to which MIUI users were not able to call many of their friends. This has been fixed now. Happy calling.
Calander was misspelled in last update (Fixed).
Front Camera was not working (Fixed).
Calculator is back in this update.
Themes can be saved in SD Card for device which does not have SD Card Slot.
Mod Edit:-Please do not use any external references..
Breaking News:
Only 30 MIUI users left on Earth. Of which 25 are MIUI Developers.
Rated by 11 people Experience Reason Divyaansha.S + 1 Awesome! vikas_india + 1 Great! buuuuuug + 1 Fantastic! AR_729 + 2 Awesome! KinG6Pac + 1 U Made my day)) Kanth\'s + 5 Agreed! subbu + 1 Fantastic! true indeed.. maped_ + 1 Thanks! jlim78 + 1 Agreed! Jackwu696 + 2 Fantastic! Ishraj + 2 Agreed! Experience +18 View Rating Logs
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta has been holding evidence of more than 200 suspected sexual assaults on children, sometimes for years, that has never been analyzed by authorities for DNA matches, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. The hospital group says police neglected to pick up the so-called “rape kits” despite repeated notifications.
The 211 exams were performed on children ranging from 1 to 18 years old who went to Children's three hospitals — Scottish Rite, Egleston and Hughes Spalding — from across North Georgia, the GBI said.
The oldest case is of a 13-year-old girl who who underwent the invasive rape exam in 2006. Now the GBI and child-protection advocates are trying to come up with a way to approach these victims again, years after they were traumatized by their assaults and then by the hospital examinations that followed.
GBI Director Vernon Keenan said Children's Healthcare notified the GBI about the kits several months ago, and agents have since collected them.
“I cannot understand how a child is put through a medical exam and the process stops there,” Keenan said.
Ann Burdges of the Gwinnett County Sexual Assault & Children's Advocacy Center, who has met with the GBI about how to approach victims so many years later, said, “It's mind-boggling how far this problem goes. These are child cases. It's not a case of did the victim want to report or did the victim not want to report? That's off the table. These must be reported.”
Children's executives said Friday the cases were reported to police, multiple times, sometimes for years. They said the hospital group has documentation of each contact. But the DeKalb and Gwinnett police departments said they knew nothing about the kits. And Atlanta police said the 14 kits that were associated with APD were mislabeled and were not Atlanta cases.
The episode recalls one last year in which The Atlanta Journal-Constitution discovered that more than 1,500 rape kits had piled up at Grady Memorial Hospital.
‘This just highlights the confusion'
It was impossible to reconcile Children's Healthcare's statement that it had made repeated notifications to police with the police departments' statements that they had never heard of the kits.
“We do have documentation … that we spoke to the detective involved in the case,” Children's chief nursing officer, Linda Cole, said on Friday afternoon. “We have gone back and looked at the charts. We know law enforcement has to be aware of … (each) case. We have a case number and the jurisdiction.”
Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy said APD's special victims unit had determined late last year that the kits stored at Children's were not APD cases. “The victim's names did not match any of our records or they were mislabeled as APD, but they really belonged to another agency. We have no outstanding kits at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta,” Epsy said in an email.
Spokesmen for the other departments said they checked with their respective SVUs before issuing a statement.
“This just highlights the confusion and lack of clarity in dealing with these type cases,” Keenan said.
The hospital's call to the GBI was apparently prompted by a new state law that set deadlines for when rape kits must be sent to the state's forensic lab in Decatur. Agents picked up 81 kits from Hughes Spalding, 70 from Scottish Rite, 44 from Egleston, five directly from Children's Healthcare and 11 that are not identified as coming from any particular facility.
Labels on GBI records linked most of the kits to 51 Georgia law enforcement agencies. The FBI and police from New York and Alabama also were identified on the paperwork with kits. At the same time, kits on eight children are labeled only with the victim's name, but no law enforcement agency was connected to them.
The DeKalb County Police Department was noted on the labels on 28 rape kits, and the DeKalb County School District was the reporting agency for four others, the records show. The Gwinnett County Police Department had 12 kits at one of the hospitals.
Children's said law enforcement had offered several reasons for not retrieving the DNA evidence. “Cases being closed, cases not being prosecuted, charges not being made or evidence not being required because a defendant pled guilty” were some of the reasons, according to an email.
“There is a weekly meeting to review evidence kits in our possession,” Children's Healthcare wrote in an email. “We make repeated attempts to request that law enforcement retrieve the evidence kits, but … in some instances law enforcement may determine they do not have a need to take possession of an evidence kit.”
‘We're going to see repeat offenders'
Rep. Scott Holcomb, D-Atlanta, who spearheaded the push to change the law, expected to find a number of forgotten rape kits on the shelves in hospital closets or in police evidence rooms, but he never envisioned so many that involved possible sexual assaults of children.
“It's horrifying,” said Holcomb, whose bill to create the Pursuing Justice for Rape Victims Act was converted into the legislation sponsored by a Senate Democrat that ultimately became law on July 1.
“I want to know what happened,” Holcomb said. “Was it a matter of inertia or was it where law enforcement determined there was not a need to go forward? I'm willing to guess that there was a basis to move forward (with a prosecution) and the system just failed.”
Advocates wonder whether other cases might have been solved if the evidence in those kits had been entered into the national DNA database.
Keenan said the agency does not know how many more rape kits there may be at hospitals or in police evidence rooms. But the GBI should have a better idea in mid-August, the deadline by which law enforcement must provide a list of untested rape kits in their possession. The new law says all those kits must be at the State Crime Lab for analysis by the end of August.
“I would expect we're going to see repeat offenders” once the DNA findings are loaded into the FBI's Combined DNA Index System, or CODIS, Holcomb said. “There's a lot more work to be done.”
In the meantime, GBI and victims' advocates are discussing how to notify the children, some now adults, that the evidence collected from them is just now being tested.
Backlog at state lab of 3,200 kits
The 211 rape kits from Children's Healthcare will be added to 3,200 rape kits the lab already has, a number that is expected to exceed 6,000 by the end of the year.
The 3,200 cases now on hand include about the 1,500 untested rape kits that that were stored at Atlanta's Grady Memorial Hospital. The AJC reported that medical staff at Grady — home to the sole rape crisis center for Fulton County's nearly 1 million residents — had collected samples of bodily fluids, hair and other evidence through special forensic exams that can be so invasive that they cause emotional trauma.
Yet police were not notified and the kits were never tested for DNA, even when victims requested the evidence be shared with police.
Passed in the final minutes of the 2016 legislative session, the 2016 rape-kit statute requires law enforcement to pick up kits used to collect DNA within 96 hours and to send the evidence to the state's forensic lab within 30 days. While legislators did not allocate funds to cover the cost of testing, Georgia received a $2 million grant from a special program by the New York County District Attorney's Office; half the funds will be diverted to test the kits from Grady.
Some say the problem at Grady could be attributed to law enforcement officers being unaware that the Crime Lab had changed its policy years ago with improvements in technology and no longer required investigators to have a suspect before they submitted rape kits for testing.
It was not clear whether that circumstance also applied to the kits at Children's.
“Were the kits collected in error or was this a representation of actual crimes?” said Burdges of the Gwinnett County Sexual Assault & Children's Advocacy Center. “They don't know. But there are the other, bigger questions. … There are a lot of mysteries connected to this finding of kits. It's shocking.”
Showtime has closed a deal with Fox 21 TV Studios to lock its flagship drama series Homeland for 3 more seasons, starting with the already picked up upcoming sixth season, now in production for a January 2017premiere. Showtime Networks president and CEO David Nevins made the announcement at TCA on Thursday. The additional pickup, which Nevins first teased as being in negotiations in June, will be for Seasons 7 and 8 of the terrorism drama. Star Claire Danes and showrunner Alex Gansa are both set for Seasons 6, 7 and 8 of the series, executive produced by Howard Gordon.
“Homeland was deserving of a multi-year pickup, and that's what Howard has achieved with his enthusiasm,” Showtime's programming president Gary Levine said.
As he did back in June, Nevins indicated that the thriller drama could conceivably go beyond 8 seasons.
Skip to comments.
General strike plans taking shape [Puerto Rico]
CaribbeanBusinessPR.com ^ | October 12, 2009 | CB Online Staff
Posted on by rrstar96
The Coalición To-do Puerto Rico por Puerto Ricos plans for Thursdays looming general strike began to take shape Monday as it claimed initial victories in its protest against the dismissal of more than 16,000 government workers: The postponing of the Public-Private Partnership Authority conference and the shuttering of the University of Puerto Rico system for the full week.
The PPP conference had been slated for Oct. 15-16 at the Convention Center to showcase investment opportunities for specific local projects. The Fortuño administration is making a push for PPPs to undertake much-needed infrastructure projects and repairs that the government simply cannot afford. The conference will likely be held later this month.
The Coalición To-do Puerto Rico por Puerto Rico is made up of labor, religious and civic organizations.
Lutheran Church Bishop Felipe Lozada said the coalition would rally along Roosevelt Avenue between the Plaza Las Américas shopping center and Hiram Bithorn Stadium in Hato Rey.
Puerto Rico Workers Federation President José Rodríguez Báez said multiple marches would be launched from different points in the metropolitan area and would converge near Plaza las Américas. Groups of marchers would set out from points including the Minillas Government Center in Santurce, the Río Piedras Medical Center, Chardón Street, the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum, UPR Río Piedras, Luis Muñoz Marín Park and the Golden Mile.
Lozada said the aim is not to cripple business at Plaza las Américas, but to demand the reversal of the more 16,000 government worker layoffs under Law 7 announced by the Fortuño administration last month.
Gov. Luis Fortuño has said the right to demonstrate will be protected but that authorities will not allow essential services to be paralyzed.
From the street, we call the people into the streets so our people are respected, Rodríguez said in a press conference.
Asked what union leaders planned for after the general strike, Rodríguez said: The island is becoming ungovernable and those who dont want to hear are going to have to listen if there are no changes after Oct. 15, we are going to come out stronger.
Other unions aim to cripple business at Plaza las Américas
In related news, a separate coalition of labor groups said it will aim to paralyze economic activity around Plaza las Américas as part of the general strike convened for Thursday.
The protest by the Coordinadora Sindical and the Frente Amplio de Solidaridad y Lucha aims to bring the commercial hub around the Caribbeans the largest shopping center to a halt.
Luis Pedraza Leduc, spokesman for the Coordinadora Sindical, confirmed that the aim of the protest is to cripple business. The demonstration is apparently separate from the protests being organized by the Coalición To-do Puerto Rico por Puerto Rico.
There will not be any economic activity there and that is what we are going to make happen, Leduc said in a press conference.
He said protesters are going to gather at 9 a.m. Thursday outside busy retail outlets including Kmart, Office Max, Toys R Us and others.
Leduc said the Fonalledas family, which owns Plaza las Américas, and Banco Popular President Richard Carrión, who was a member of Gov. Luis Fortuños Fiscal & Economic Reconstruction Advisory Council, must be made to feel the claims of the fired government workers.
TOPICS:
Culture/Society
Government
KEYWORDS:
puertorico
To: cll
ping This isn't exercising the right to protest peacefully. This is intimidation.
To: rrstar96; AuH2ORepublican; livius; adorno; wtc911; Willie Green; CGVet58; Clemenza; Narcoleptic; ...
Puerto Rico Ping! Please Freepmail me if you want on or off the list.
by 3 posted onby cll (I am the warrant and the sanction)
To: cll
Are taxi drivers also on strike? I'm arriving in November with my son and need to take a cab from the airport to my Abuela's apartment in Puerta de Tierra...
by 4 posted onby SilvieWaldorfMD (Airlines can take their $15-per-checked-bag surcharge and shove it!)
To: rrstar96
The previous two administrations were very tolerant about “civil” desobedience. They even encouraged it. This administration is different. They're emphasizing that people have a right to air their grievances, but that is a limited right when it conflicts with other people's rights.
by 5 posted onby cll (I am the warrant and the sanction)
To: SilvieWaldorfMD
I don't think that this will extend into November, but taxi drivers are near starvation because of the worst tourism year in decades so I think they will not stop working. If they do, Freepmail me and I'll give you a ride, ha!
by 6 posted onby cll (I am the warrant and the sanction)
To: cll
As the saying goes, my rights begin where yours end. That's the message the fatcat union bosses should hear from responsible Puerto Ricans who refuse to be bullied.
To: cll
Are there any plans by the unions to disrupt public transportation on Thursday? They are certainly hellbent on paralyzing everyday activity in the island, at least the San Juan metropolitan area.
To: rrstar96
Looks more like the coalition to screw all PR. Nothing says "DOn't invest here" like out of control public Unions (think - France) or public turmoil....
by 9 posted onby ASOC (Cave quid dicis, quando, et cui)
To: ASOC
They're looking avidly for the PR version of... FIDEL CASTRO ! ! ! !
To: rrstar96
There are no plans to disrupt public transportation. In fact, yesterday protesters in front of the UPR were trying to disrupt traffic, but were letting public buses through. As far as paralyzing everyday activity on the island, they might succeed in pockets here and there for a few hours, but they don't have the bodies to do much more. After the Vieques fiasco, people are tired of this crap. As long as we deny them the momentum they had back then, we should be okay.
by 11 posted onby cll (I am the warrant and the sanction)
To: cll
Gracias... I do have a lady taxi driver (who works for Rochdale) whom I always contact prior to leaving Maryland, and she picks me up all the time. She also knows that my routine is stopping at the grocery store in Isla Verde prior to getting to my Abuela's house, and she'll wait for me to get a few items and then drop me off. I can always call my father, but I can't count on him most of the time because he's holed up in court or at the radio station, and my stepmom teaches — so I'd much rather take a cab and not inconvenience anyone, since my arrivals are always during week days.
by 12 posted onby SilvieWaldorfMD (Airlines can take their $15-per-checked-bag surcharge and shove it!)
To: ASOC; cll
If you think the economic situation in Puerto Rico is precarious, just have American businesses leave the island.
To: rrstar96
Many of them already have, hence the huge unemployment numbers on the island.
by 14 posted onby Sergio (If a tree fell on a mime in the forest, would he make a sound?)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
It seems like everyone who gets creative with rituals wants to streamline things so that they take less time and are less complex. I do this too, especially because I emphasize regular practice of high ROI exercises.
But I also emphasize occasional retreats and expanding practices into more elaborate versions so that they can be fully explored and experienced as a fully immersive operation.
The first time I ever did this was with the Modern Magic excercises. After regular practice for years when I was a teenager I could whip out the LBRP, BRH, and Watchtower Opening in just about 15 minutes, but as I started to get more and more exposure to the powers behind these rites, I decided to create a long form for them that took me several hours. Connecting the Kabbalistic Cross to the rest of the lords prayer and purification psalms. Separate invocations for each name and Archangel at each quarter. Breath work and other yogas. Invocation of all the major spirits of each Watchtower. Meditating after each portion.
I took a 15 minute ritual and stretched it to 5 hours, and though I don't do those rituals much anymore, I strongly advocate doing this kind of work at least once with anything you really care about.
It gets even more intense when you get into Buddhist ritual. I have a Vajrakilaya practice that takes under 30 minutes, another that takes a couple hours, another that takes half a day, and another that takes 3 days to do properly. Now, I can be critical of some of the byzantine additions to Buddhist liturgy when they actually mask the yoga and magic that is behind it, BUT the longer sadhanas include many parts that simply cannot be accomplished within a few minutes. With the help of Lama Vajranatha I have been able to streamline the 3-day version into a 1-day version, but having done it both ways, I can attest to the fact that people should do the three day retreat version.
I am not backtracking on my desire to be the Oscar Goldman of magic and make things better/stronger/faster. I think that Parkinson's law has had a negative effect on many rituals and operations that would actually be better and more effective if they were not trying to fill space and kill time. But I am writing this to say that if that is your only concern, and if you cannot apply your creativity to making things longer and more elaborate, then perhaps you need to explore it further.
NSA Monitors Kinect Messages, Biometric Data, IP Addresses Via Xbox Live By William Usher Random Article Blend World of Warcraft. Linden Lab's Second Life is another perpetrator of getting into bed with the NSA and worse yet, it's been revealed that Xbox Live and the Kinect were prime tools used to help the NSA spy across international waters.
“...agencies, which were recently revealed to have collaborated on a vast network of intelligence gathering operations which has included monitoring the communications of foreign leaders like Germany's Angela Merkel, has established these "mass-collection capabilities" within Xbox Live by utilising biometric data provided by Kinect in addition to more traditional information like email address, messages and IP locations. It's also claimed that various games had private chat channels, both voice and text based, monitored and recorded for future analysis.”
This jarring revelation is the sort of thing that had
Vines' comments followed behind
According to GI.biz report, the UK's spy agency had these words of comfort to share, in light of the community being in a bit of an uproar over the spying allegations...
"All GCHQ's work is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework which ensures that its activities are authorised, necessary and proportionate, and there is rigorous oversight, including from the secretary of state, the interception and intelligence services commissioners and the Intelligence and Security Committee."
Gamers, tech enthusiasts and general consumers alike have every reason to be skeptical about having the Kinect in their home, especially considering that the device does read and gather user feedback, including but not limited to voice recognition, face recognition, biometric feedback data, location data and personal information. The Kinect 2.0 also has heat signature tracking, infrared visualization and can
Ideally, the NSA could make perfect use of the aforementioned data threads to identify and find whoever they're looking for just by someone registering their data with Kinect and logging into Xbox Live. Just that easily, all your information is up and out there for analytical filtration and monitoring.
According to a statement by Microsoft...
"Indeed, government snooping potentially now constitutes an 'advanced persistent threat,' alongside sophisticated malware and cyberattacks,"
Previously,
As noted in Snowden's report...
"The agencies, the documents show, have built mass-collection capabilities against the Xbox Live console network, which boasts more than 48 million players," .... "Real-life agents have been deployed into virtual realms, from those Orc hordes in World of Warcraft to the human avatars of Second Life. There were attempts, too, to recruit potential informants from the games' tech-friendly users."
Hired tech infiltrators living amongst you, working against you... playing with you.
The black helicopters and tinfoil hat talk looks a heck of a lot more legitimate with information like this rolling out.
Microsoft has yet to respond to the latest report inquiries. Hey did you just read the article here on Gaming Blend about World of Warcraft being infiltrated by the NSA? Well, it's not just. Linden Lab'sis another perpetrator of getting into bed with the NSA and worse yet, it's been revealed that Xbox Live and the Kinect were prime tools used to help the NSA spy across international waters. GamesIndustry.biz has a startling follow-up report on the whole PRISM deal that was leaked by Edward Snowden, where it's revealed that...This jarring revelation is the sort of thing that had Australia's civil liberty director , Tim Vines, calling the Kinect 2.0 a “surveillance device”... because it is.Vines' comments followed behind Germany's Federal Data Commissioner , Peter Schaar, who also called the always-watching and always-listening Kinect 2.0 a nightmare.According to GI.biz report, the UK's spy agency had these words of comfort to share, in light of the community being in a bit of an uproar over the spying allegations...Gamers, tech enthusiasts and general consumers alike have every reason to be skeptical about having the Kinect in their home, especially considering that the device does read and gather user feedback, including but not limited to voice recognition, face recognition, biometric feedback data, location data and personal information. The Kinect 2.0 also has heat signature tracking, infrared visualization and can monitor movement and sound through the dark with pinpoint precision. Although, following some concerns, Microsoft did state that users have "full control" over how much data and what kind of data Kinect collects and sends to "third-parties".Ideally, the NSA could make perfect use of the aforementioned data threads to identify and find whoever they're looking for just by someone registering their data with Kinect and logging into Xbox Live. Just that easily, all your information is up and out there for analytical filtration and monitoring.According to a statement by Microsoft...Previously, Microsoft released a public missive about protecting the data of its customers and rolled out a bullet sheet of measures they take to protect and secure sensitive information. However, none of that really matters when the NSA is filtrating information regardless.As noted in Snowden's report...Hired tech infiltrators living amongst you, working against you... playing with you.The black helicopters and tinfoil hat talk looks a heck of a lot more legitimate with information like this rolling out.Microsoft has yet to respond to the latest report inquiries. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Morata: I was wrong to rejoin Madrid
By Football Espana staff
Alvaro Morata admitted it was a mistake for him to rejoin Real Madrid due to the way they treated him in his first spell at the club.
The 25-year-old returned to the Bernabeu in 2016 for a sole season after spending two years with Italian champions Juventus but stated he was treated ‘like a child' at the end of his first spell at Los Blancos.
“We had a contract agreement that we had to respect,” Morata explained in an interview with Gazzetta Dello Sport.
“I was really disappointed as I went back to being at square one...before I moved to Italy I was treated like a kid, and I should never have rejoined Madrid.
“Differences between the league? In Spain they prefer technique, in Italy tactics dominate but it is also supplemented by quality. In England, the most important aspect is physicality.
“Would I want to return to Italy? Yes, very much! My wife wants to live in Spain and me in Italy, so London is a compromise!”
NOTE: All algorithms below are in C, but should be portable to your language of choice (just don't look at me when they're not as fast :)
Options
Low Memory (32-bit int , 32-bit machine)(from here):
unsigned int reverse(register unsigned int x) { x = (((x & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1) | ((x & 0x55555555) << 1)); x = (((x & 0xcccccccc) >> 2) | ((x & 0x33333333) << 2)); x = (((x & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4) | ((x & 0x0f0f0f0f) << 4)); x = (((x & 0xff00ff00) >> 8) | ((x & 0x00ff00ff) << 8)); return((x >> 16) | (x << 16)); }
From the famous Bit Twiddling Hacks page:
Fastest (lookup table):
static const unsigned char BitReverseTable256[] = { 0x00, 0x80, 0x40, 0xC0, 0x20, 0xA0, 0x60, 0xE0, 0x10, 0x90, 0x50, 0xD0, 0x30, 0xB0, 0x70, 0xF0, 0x08, 0x88, 0x48, 0xC8, 0x28, 0xA8, 0x68, 0xE8, 0x18, 0x98, 0x58, 0xD8, 0x38, 0xB8, 0x78, 0xF8, 0x04, 0x84, 0x44, 0xC4, 0x24, 0xA4, 0x64, 0xE4, 0x14, 0x94, 0x54, 0xD4, 0x34, 0xB4, 0x74, 0xF4, 0x0C, 0x8C, 0x4C, 0xCC, 0x2C, 0xAC, 0x6C, 0xEC, 0x1C, 0x9C, 0x5C, 0xDC, 0x3C, 0xBC, 0x7C, 0xFC, 0x02, 0x82, 0x42, 0xC2, 0x22, 0xA2, 0x62, 0xE2, 0x12, 0x92, 0x52, 0xD2, 0x32, 0xB2, 0x72, 0xF2, 0x0A, 0x8A, 0x4A, 0xCA, 0x2A, 0xAA, 0x6A, 0xEA, 0x1A, 0x9A, 0x5A, 0xDA, 0x3A, 0xBA, 0x7A, 0xFA, 0x06, 0x86, 0x46, 0xC6, 0x26, 0xA6, 0x66, 0xE6, 0x16, 0x96, 0x56, 0xD6, 0x36, 0xB6, 0x76, 0xF6, 0x0E, 0x8E, 0x4E, 0xCE, 0x2E, 0xAE, 0x6E, 0xEE, 0x1E, 0x9E, 0x5E, 0xDE, 0x3E, 0xBE, 0x7E, 0xFE, 0x01, 0x81, 0x41, 0xC1, 0x21, 0xA1, 0x61, 0xE1, 0x11, 0x91, 0x51, 0xD1, 0x31, 0xB1, 0x71, 0xF1, 0x09, 0x89, 0x49, 0xC9, 0x29, 0xA9, 0x69, 0xE9, 0x19, 0x99, 0x59, 0xD9, 0x39, 0xB9, 0x79, 0xF9, 0x05, 0x85, 0x45, 0xC5, 0x25, 0xA5, 0x65, 0xE5, 0x15, 0x95, 0x55, 0xD5, 0x35, 0xB5, 0x75, 0xF5, 0x0D, 0x8D, 0x4D, 0xCD, 0x2D, 0xAD, 0x6D, 0xED, 0x1D, 0x9D, 0x5D, 0xDD, 0x3D, 0xBD, 0x7D, 0xFD, 0x03, 0x83, 0x43, 0xC3, 0x23, 0xA3, 0x63, 0xE3, 0x13, 0x93, 0x53, 0xD3, 0x33, 0xB3, 0x73, 0xF3, 0x0B, 0x8B, 0x4B, 0xCB, 0x2B, 0xAB, 0x6B, 0xEB, 0x1B, 0x9B, 0x5B, 0xDB, 0x3B, 0xBB, 0x7B, 0xFB, 0x07, 0x87, 0x47, 0xC7, 0x27, 0xA7, 0x67, 0xE7, 0x17, 0x97, 0x57, 0xD7, 0x37, 0xB7, 0x77, 0xF7, 0x0F, 0x8F, 0x4F, 0xCF, 0x2F, 0xAF, 0x6F, 0xEF, 0x1F, 0x9F, 0x5F, 0xDF, 0x3F, 0xBF, 0x7F, 0xFF }; unsigned int v; // reverse 32-bit value, 8 bits at time unsigned int c; // c will get v reversed // Option 1: c = (BitReverseTable256[v & 0xff] << 24) | (BitReverseTable256[(v >> 8) & 0xff] << 16) | (BitReverseTable256[(v >> 16) & 0xff] << 8) | (BitReverseTable256[(v >> 24) & 0xff]); // Option 2: unsigned char * p = (unsigned char *) &v; unsigned char * q = (unsigned char *) &c; q[3] = BitReverseTable256[p[0]]; q[2] = BitReverseTable256[p[1]]; q[1] = BitReverseTable256[p[2]]; q[0] = BitReverseTable256[p[3]];
You can extend this idea to 64-bit int s, or trade off memory for speed (assuming your L1 Data Cache is large enough), and reverse 16 bits at a time with a 64K-entry lookup table.
Others
Simple
unsigned int v; // input bits to be reversed unsigned int r = v & 1; // r will be reversed bits of v; first get LSB of v int s = sizeof(v) * CHAR_BIT - 1; // extra shift needed at end for (v >>= 1; v; v >>= 1) { r <<= 1; r |= v & 1; s--; } r <<= s; // shift when v's the highest bits are zero
Faster (32-bit processor)
unsigned char b = x; b = ((b * 0x0802LU & 0x22110LU) | (b * 0x8020LU & 0x88440LU)) * 0x10101LU >> 16;
Faster (64-bit processor)
unsigned char b; // reverse this (8-bit) byte b = (b * 0x0202020202ULL & 0x010884422010ULL) % 1023;
If you want to do this on a 32-bit int , just reverse the bits in each byte, and reverse the order of the bytes. That is:
unsigned int toReverse; unsigned int reversed; unsigned char inByte0 = (toReverse & 0xFF); unsigned char inByte1 = (toReverse & 0xFF00) >> 8; unsigned char inByte2 = (toReverse & 0xFF0000) >> 16; unsigned char inByte3 = (toReverse & 0xFF000000) >> 24; reversed = (reverseBits(inByte0) << 24) | (reverseBits(inByte1) << 16) | (reverseBits(inByte2) << 8) | (reverseBits(inByte3);
Results
I benchmarked the two most promising solutions, the lookup table, and bitwise-AND (the first one). The test machine is a laptop w/ 4GB of DDR2-800 and a Core 2 Duo T7500 @ 2.4GHz, 4MB L2 Cache; YMMV. I used gcc 4.3.2 on 64-bit Linux. OpenMP (and the GCC bindings) were used for high-resolution timers.
reverse.c
#include <stdlib.h> #include <stdio.h> #include <omp.h> unsigned int reverse(register unsigned int x) { x = (((x & 0xaaaaaaaa) >> 1) | ((x & 0x55555555) << 1)); x = (((x & 0xcccccccc) >> 2) | ((x & 0x33333333) << 2)); x = (((x & 0xf0f0f0f0) >> 4) | ((x & 0x0f0f0f0f) << 4)); x = (((x & 0xff00ff00) >> 8) | ((x & 0x00ff00ff) << 8)); return((x >> 16) | (x << 16)); } int main() { unsigned int *ints = malloc(100000000*sizeof(unsigned int)); unsigned int *ints2 = malloc(100000000*sizeof(unsigned int)); for(unsigned int i = 0; i < 100000000; i++) ints[i] = rand(); unsigned int *inptr = ints; unsigned int *outptr = ints2; unsigned int *endptr = ints + 100000000; // Starting the time measurement double start = omp_get_wtime(); // Computations to be measured while(inptr != endptr) { (*outptr) = reverse(*inptr); inptr++; outptr++; } // Measuring the elapsed time double end = omp_get_wtime(); // Time calculation (in seconds) printf("Time: %f seconds
", end-start); free(ints); free(ints2); return 0; }
reverse_lookup.c
#include <stdlib.h> #include <stdio.h> #include <omp.h> static const unsigned char BitReverseTable256[] = { 0x00, 0x80, 0x40, 0xC0, 0x20, 0xA0, 0x60, 0xE0, 0x10, 0x90, 0x50, 0xD0, 0x30, 0xB0, 0x70, 0xF0, 0x08, 0x88, 0x48, 0xC8, 0x28, 0xA8, 0x68, 0xE8, 0x18, 0x98, 0x58, 0xD8, 0x38, 0xB8, 0x78, 0xF8, 0x04, 0x84, 0x44, 0xC4, 0x24, 0xA4, 0x64, 0xE4, 0x14, 0x94, 0x54, 0xD4, 0x34, 0xB4, 0x74, 0xF4, 0x0C, 0x8C, 0x4C, 0xCC, 0x2C, 0xAC, 0x6C, 0xEC, 0x1C, 0x9C, 0x5C, 0xDC, 0x3C, 0xBC, 0x7C, 0xFC, 0x02, 0x82, 0x42, 0xC2, 0x22, 0xA2, 0x62, 0xE2, 0x12, 0x92, 0x52, 0xD2, 0x32, 0xB2, 0x72, 0xF2, 0x0A, 0x8A, 0x4A, 0xCA, 0x2A, 0xAA, 0x6A, 0xEA, 0x1A, 0x9A, 0x5A, 0xDA, 0x3A, 0xBA, 0x7A, 0xFA, 0x06, 0x86, 0x46, 0xC6, 0x26, 0xA6, 0x66, 0xE6, 0x16, 0x96, 0x56, 0xD6, 0x36, 0xB6, 0x76, 0xF6, 0x0E, 0x8E, 0x4E, 0xCE, 0x2E, 0xAE, 0x6E, 0xEE, 0x1E, 0x9E, 0x5E, 0xDE, 0x3E, 0xBE, 0x7E, 0xFE, 0x01, 0x81, 0x41, 0xC1, 0x21, 0xA1, 0x61, 0xE1, 0x11, 0x91, 0x51, 0xD1, 0x31, 0xB1, 0x71, 0xF1, 0x09, 0x89, 0x49, 0xC9, 0x29, 0xA9, 0x69, 0xE9, 0x19, 0x99, 0x59, 0xD9, 0x39, 0xB9, 0x79, 0xF9, 0x05, 0x85, 0x45, 0xC5, 0x25, 0xA5, 0x65, 0xE5, 0x15, 0x95, 0x55, 0xD5, 0x35, 0xB5, 0x75, 0xF5, 0x0D, 0x8D, 0x4D, 0xCD, 0x2D, 0xAD, 0x6D, 0xED, 0x1D, 0x9D, 0x5D, 0xDD, 0x3D, 0xBD, 0x7D, 0xFD, 0x03, 0x83, 0x43, 0xC3, 0x23, 0xA3, 0x63, 0xE3, 0x13, 0x93, 0x53, 0xD3, 0x33, 0xB3, 0x73, 0xF3, 0x0B, 0x8B, 0x4B, 0xCB, 0x2B, 0xAB, 0x6B, 0xEB, 0x1B, 0x9B, 0x5B, 0xDB, 0x3B, 0xBB, 0x7B, 0xFB, 0x07, 0x87, 0x47, 0xC7, 0x27, 0xA7, 0x67, 0xE7, 0x17, 0x97, 0x57, 0xD7, 0x37, 0xB7, 0x77, 0xF7, 0x0F, 0x8F, 0x4F, 0xCF, 0x2F, 0xAF, 0x6F, 0xEF, 0x1F, 0x9F, 0x5F, 0xDF, 0x3F, 0xBF, 0x7F, 0xFF }; int main() { unsigned int *ints = malloc(100000000*sizeof(unsigned int)); unsigned int *ints2 = malloc(100000000*sizeof(unsigned int)); for(unsigned int i = 0; i < 100000000; i++) ints[i] = rand(); unsigned int *inptr = ints; unsigned int *outptr = ints2; unsigned int *endptr = ints + 100000000; // Starting the time measurement double start = omp_get_wtime(); // Computations to be measured while(inptr != endptr) { unsigned int in = *inptr; // Option 1: //*outptr = (BitReverseTable256[in & 0xff] << 24) | // (BitReverseTable256[(in >> 8) & 0xff] << 16) | // (BitReverseTable256[(in >> 16) & 0xff] << 8) | // (BitReverseTable256[(in >> 24) & 0xff]); // Option 2: unsigned char * p = (unsigned char *) &(*inptr); unsigned char * q = (unsigned char *) &(*outptr); q[3] = BitReverseTable256[p[0]]; q[2] = BitReverseTable256[p[1]]; q[1] = BitReverseTable256[p[2]]; q[0] = BitReverseTable256[p[3]]; inptr++; outptr++; } // Measuring the elapsed time double end = omp_get_wtime(); // Time calculation (in seconds) printf("Time: %f seconds
", end-start); free(ints); free(ints2); return 0; }
I tried both approaches at several different optimizations, ran 3 trials at each level, and each trial reversed 100 million random unsigned ints . For the lookup table option, I tried both schemes (options 1 and 2) given on the bitwise hacks page. Results are shown below.
Bitwise AND
mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -o reverse reverse.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 2.000593 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 1.938893 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 1.936365 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O2 -o reverse reverse.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.942709 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.991104 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.947203 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O3 -o reverse reverse.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.922639 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.892372 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse Time: 0.891688 seconds
Lookup Table (option 1)
mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.201127 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.196129 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.235972 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O2 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.633042 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.655880 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.633390 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O3 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.652322 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.631739 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 0.652431 seconds
Lookup Table (option 2)
mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.671537 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.688173 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.664662 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O2 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.049851 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.048403 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.085086 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ gcc -fopenmp -std=c99 -O3 -o reverse_lookup reverse_lookup.c mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.082223 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.053431 seconds mrj10@mjlap:~/code$ ./reverse_lookup Time: 1.081224 seconds
Conclusion
Use the lookup table, with option 1 (byte addressing is unsurprisingly slow) if you're concerned about performance. If you need to squeeze every last byte of memory out of your system (and you might, if you care about the performance of bit reversal), the optimized versions of the bitwise-AND approach aren't too shabby either.
Caveat
Yes, I know the benchmark code is a complete hack. Suggestions on how to improve it are more than welcome. Things I know about:
I don't have access to ICC. This may be faster (please respond in a comment if you can test this out).
A 64K lookup table may do well on some modern microarchitectures with large L1D.
-mtune=native didn't work for -O2/-O3 ( ld blew up with some crazy symbol redefinition error), so I don't believe the generated code is tuned for my microarchitecture.
blew up with some crazy symbol redefinition error), so I don't believe the generated code is tuned for my microarchitecture. There may be a way to do this slightly faster with SSE. I have no idea how, but with fast replication, packed bitwise AND, and swizzling instructions, there's got to be something there.
I know only enough x86 assembly to be dangerous; here's the code GCC generated on -O3 for option 1, so somebody more knowledgable than myself can check it out:
32-bit
.L3: movl (%r12,%rsi), %ecx movzbl %cl, %eax movzbl BitReverseTable256(%rax), %edx movl %ecx, %eax shrl $24, %eax mov %eax, %eax movzbl BitReverseTable256(%rax), %eax sall $24, %edx orl %eax, %edx movzbl %ch, %eax shrl $16, %ecx movzbl BitReverseTable256(%rax), %eax movzbl %cl, %ecx sall $16, %eax orl %eax, %edx movzbl BitReverseTable256(%rcx), %eax sall $8, %eax orl %eax, %edx movl %edx, (%r13,%rsi) addq $4, %rsi cmpq $400000000, %rsi jne .L3
EDIT: I also tried using uint64_t types on my machine to see if there was any performance boost. Performance was about 10% faster than 32-bit, and was nearly identical whether you were just using 64-bit types to reverse bits on two 32-bit int types at a time, or whether you were actually reversing bits in half as many 64-bit values. The assembly code is shown below (for the former case, reversing bits for two 32-bit int types at a time):
The ride is most likely aided by the hefty kerb weight of 1700kg, 415kg more than a 2.0 TDCi, which gives the suspension springs a solid base from which to absorb bumps.
What we couldn't evaluate was the effect on cornering power and braking stability of much of that weight being concentrated over the rear axle, where the battery pack is located. Although a drive last year suggests that the on-limit characteristics might be a little less predictable than the mainstream Focus.
Like its rivals the Focus Electric's powerpack is smooth and refined. In fact in conventionally powered cars you'd have to pay north of £100k and step into luxury limo territory to experience cabin serenity like this.
At speed the dominant cabin noise is tyre rumble and a little wind noise from the wing mirrors, but both are limited to an unobtrusive background hum.
At some speeds there's also a faint but pleasing whistle from the engine bay that, in quality if not volume, is akin to a Cold War jet fighter taxiing.
The powertrain also delivers a surprising turn of speed at lower speeds, broadly comparable to a 2.0-litre diesel, but it runs out of shove around 60mph and starts to feel lethargic in the high speed cruise.
The steering wheel also squirms a little on acceleration, a trait we reported on when we first tasted the Focus Electric about a year ago.
But the undeniable truth about electric cars is that their instantaneous power delivery is fun to experience, even if the limitations of the battery pack curb the opportunity to exploit it often.
The battery of course occupies a significant chunk of the luggage area, which reduces everyday carrying capacity to 237 litres, 126 litres fewer than a conventional Focus, but still a usable volume for everyday use.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came under fire Wednesday after grabbing one member of Parliament and elbowing another.
Video footage from the floor of the House of Commons shows Trudeau grabbing the arm of Opposition Whip Gord Brown and elbowing MP Ruth Ellen Brosseau before a vote on an assisted-dying bill. The physical interaction caused audible gasps from other MPs in the room and prompted Brosseau to exit the chamber, CBC news reported.
The prime minister then got into a yelling match with New Democratic Party leader Tom Mulcair.
The behavior seemed uncharacteristic for Trudeau, who since assuming office in November has made headlines for making half the members of his cabinet women and for welcoming Syrian refugees to Canada.
Trudeau took the floor to apologize after the vote, once Brosseau had returned. The prime minister blamed his behavior on Brown delaying the vote. He had to speak over vocal dissent from MPs.
"I noticed that the ... opposite member whip was being impeded in his progress," Trudeau said. "I took it upon myself to go and assist him forward, which was I now seeing unadvisable as a course of action, and resulted in physical contact in this house that we can all accept was unacceptable, and I apologize for that unreservedly, and I look for opportunities to make amends directly to the member and to any members who feel negatively impacted by this exchange and this intervention, because I take responsibility."
Trudeau's behavior was condemned by MPs.
"It was a pretty violent push," NDP House Leader Peter Julian told reporters. "I think Canadians would be sad by this kind of behavior, and we sometimes see this happening in other legislatures in other countries, and I've always thought, when I see those scenes, 'Gosh that would never happen in Canada.' Sometimes we yell at each other, sometimes we disagree ... but we never push, we never hit, we never manhandle, because that is not the Canadian way. And what happened tonight was disgraceful. There's no other way to put it."
Brown said later that he told Trudeau to let him go during the incident.
"As I was trying to start the vote, the prime minister grabbed my arm. I immediately told the prime minister to let go of me -- now," Brown told The Recorder. "I later told the prime minister he should not have gotten out of his seat."
MPs blasted Trudeau on Twitter.
The Liberals are trying to justify Trudeau's actions. He pushed the Opposition Whip, elbowed another MP. Not very Prime Ministerial. #HOC — Bob Saroya, MP (@BobSaroya) May 18, 2016
I'm utterly speechless and enraged by what I just witnessed @JustinTrudeau physically elbowing my colleague @RE_Brosseau in #HOC #cdnpoli — Tracey Ramsey (@traceyram) May 18, 2016
So Justin Trudeau's increasingly dictatorial conduct has now turned into physical bullying of MPs. Bizarre, unforgivable, unprecedented. — Jason Kenney (@jkenney) May 18, 2016
Things are very very bad in the House. Nearly a physical altercation between Mulcair and Trudeau. #cdnpoli — Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) May 18, 2016
Rona Ambrose, leader of the official opposition and interim leader of the Conservative Party, called Trudeau's behavior "shocking" and said he acted "disrespectfully and recklessly" in trying to intimidate members. "No one should ever have to deal with this kind of behavior in any workplace," Ambrose said. "The fact that it's the prime minister of Canada is embarrassing. He should be ashamed of his actions."
Trudeau spokesman Olivier Duchesneau declined to comment further on the incident and said his office would release a statement later.
The apology wasn't Trudeau's first of the day. Earlier, he apologized on behalf of the Canadian government for the 1914 Komagata Maru incident, in which Canada rejected nearly 400 Sikh, Muslim and Hindu people from immigrating to the country.
This article has been updated to include Brown's comments.
Just in case you had forgotten he was still running for president, former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum popped up on MSNBC's "Hardball" with the reflexive, right-wing reaction to American's latest mass shooting and terror attack on Planned Parenthood -- a good guy with a guy could have stopped this bad guy with a gun.
"The problem is, the bad guys -- the bad guys have guns. That's the problem," he told host Chris Matthews on Tuesday. "And there's no way around that."
Advertisement:
Never mind that the bad guy with a gun murdered a good guy who confronted him with a gun, a University of Colorado police officer. Santorum suggested that if only more guns had been on the scene of the five hours long standoff than perhaps the gunman's rampage wouldn't have been so murderous.
"The more people that we have responsibly carrying, the less -- the less violence we are going to have in this country," the third tier candidate argued. "I believe that responsible people carrying weapons actually reduces crime in America and saves people's lives," he said, insisting his position squares perfectly with his personal "pro-life" stance.
Of the nine people who were shot and survived, four were police officers and one was a sheriff's deputy.
Santorum said that the doctors and nurses in a Planned Parenthood operating room are "law-abiding people" who "should have the right to carry guns wherever they want to carry guns."
"Where do you think these people commit crimes?" Santorum asked Matthews. "They go to places -- these people who are ill, they go to places where they know no one's going to have a gun."
The gunman did not surrender until SWAT officers in an armored vehicle rammed their way into the clinic's front office.
Advertisement:
Watch Santorum argue to arm Planned Parenthood employees, via MSNBC:
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Job openings have plummeted and layoffs have accelerated rapidly during a downward trend in employment that continues to spiral, according to a government report released Tuesday.
December 2008 saw 2.7 million job openings, down 35% from July 2007, the starting point of the downward trend, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey.
The report also showed that layoffs in December were up 58% from a year earlier, and the percentage of workers quitting jobs dropped to only 40% of total separations in December.
That's a record-low number: a sign that people are nervous about changing jobs in the current labor market.
Job openings rate: The report included a job openings rate, an indicator that compares the nation's job openings to the total number of jobs plus the number of openings.
In December it fell to 1.9%, the first time it has been below the 2% mark since the report began in 2000. That's a sharp decline from the opening rate of 2.8% the previous year.
The retail trade sector was particularly hard-hit, as job openings fell to 305,000 in December from 386,000 in November. Education and health services openings fell to 553,000, down from 604,000 the previous month.
Hiring rate: New hires were down 900,000, or 19%, from the previous year. The report said no industry or region experienced a significant change in the hires rate in December, as the grim economic outlook continues to weigh on the job market.
MESA, Ariz. - As for John Axford pitching in the World Baseball Classic, never mind.
The reliever was the latest A's player to pull out of the WBC, and it came a day after he spoke about the glory of wearing “Canada” across his chest.
“Personal and professional reasons,” said Axford, who wouldn't explain the personal reasons. “I'm here with the team I'm going to be with for the next seven months, hopefully longer with playoffs. That's plenty of professional reason not to leave for a week-plus.
“We're gelling and coming together as a team. That's something you want to be a part of in spring training. It's tough when you've got a lot of guys here trying to keep that focus or get a team feel, and it's even harder when you leave.”
Axford told reporters Thursday he was planning to pitch for Team Canada, but he said Friday it's a decision he has weighed for a while. He said he's physically fine and added the timing wasn't right.
“I have a maple leaf tattooed on my body,” Axford said. “I am very proud to be Canadian. I go back in the offseason. I still live in Canada. I truly love being a Canadian, and I love putting on the uniform (he appeared in the 2012 WBC).
“What I'm looking forward to most is staying healthy and continuing my career and being able to do it again at some other point in time.”
Other A's to pull out of the WBC included Sonny Gray, Khris Davis and Liam Hendriks. It would be no stunner if reliever Santiago Casilla blew off the WBC, too, considering he's not in A's camp yet.
Manager Bob Melvin said Casilla will fly to Arizona Saturday and be in camp Sunday.
“I said on Day 1 that typically some guys ended up backing out,” Melvin said. “Great intentions. You want to play for your country. But when you get here, depending on how you feel, other things come into play.”
With all the players dropping out, Melvin was asked if there's a better time of year for the WBC. Such as after the World Series.
“You'd have a tough time getting anybody to go then, I think, especially after a long season. Teams that aren't in the postseason, their guys will have to continue to stay ready, that would be more difficult,” Melvin said.
Casilla, who won three World Series rings with the Giants, signed a two-year, $11 million contract with the A's. For now, he's one of several A's setup men.
How much will Casilla be pushed when he arrives? “It depends on what his decision is for the WBC,” Melvin said. “If he's not going, we'll probably slow-play him a little bit as far as bullpens and throwing to hitters and getting him into games. We still have plenty of time in spring. If he is going to the WBC, we'll take a different route.”
At this point, it would appear doubtful Casilla would pitch in the WBC, but Melvin's not totally ruling it out.
“We've supported him,” Melvin said. “The timing has thrown a little bit of a wrench in it. Until he gets here and we talk about it, I think our stance remains the same.”
In other news, pitching coach Curt Young will undergo a neck procedure Friday and miss a few days.
John Shea is The San Francisco Chronicle's national baseball writer. Email: jshea@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JohnSheaHey
Of all Facebook's data sets, it's the social graph that's truly unique. It's spent nine years getting you to confirm who you know, and apparently it's sick of handing over your friend list to competitors. This week it cut off both Twitter's new photo app Vine and messaging app Voxer from Find Friends, Facebook's API that lets you connect with Facebook friends on other apps. But this could backfire.
Facebook knows who you are, what you're interested in, where you go on the web, what apps you use, and more. However, other companies have bits and pieces of these data sets. LinkedIn knows your resume, Google knows your web searches, Twitter knows who you follow, Apple and Amazon have your credit card number, and your phone's OS maker knows what apps you've downloaded. Who your real-life friends are, though, is Facebook's domain.
Reconfirming your social graph manually on other apps is awkward at worst and annoying at best. Think about it. If your Facebook account were reset and you had to send friend requests to all your old friends, how many do you think would confirm? Even your best friends might be too lazy to, and people who were glad to friend you when you met years ago probably wouldn't bother if they remember you.
There's plenty of noise in Facebook's social graph. Some people blindly accept most requests they get, others send them to anyone they meet once, and all the connections grow stale over the years. Still, if you want to jumpstart a social app, Facebook's Find Friends feature is very valuable. It can be the difference between an empty feed and low retention, and a vibrant, addictive feed teeming with content from people you care about.
Facebook has offered Find Friends for years. But those were years when it was a web-based social network. It's more now, or at least it wants to be. Facebook hopes to host all the ways you communicate. That has pitted it against Apple, Google, and other companies in war for messaging that's only just heating up.
Data portability first became a big issue in 2010 when Facebook blocked Twitter from using its Find Friends feature. Later that year it got into a spat with Google about exporting contact lists. Google was pissed Facebook was sucking in Gmail contacts but not exporting friend lists. Facebook eventually began offering Download Your Data, which included your Friend List, but only in plain text.
More recently though, Twitter may have awoken the dragon when it cut off Instagram's access to Twitter's own version of “Find Friends.” It was an understandable retaliation since Facebook had cut it off, and Twitter had wanted to buy Instagram, too.
Now Facebook is coming out swinging, citing its Platform Policy that states “Competing social networks: (a) You may not use Facebook Platform to export user data into a competing social network without our permission.”
Last week it blocked voice-messaging app Voxer's access to the social graph. At the time, Facebook told me this was because Voxer qualified as a competing messaging platform, but also because Voxer wasn't contributing much back to Facebook. Voxer only had a buried, and largely unnecessary, “share to Facebook” option. It got an email stating its Find Friends access would be revoked 48 hours later.
Then today Facebook shut off Find Friends for Twitter's Vine, as spotted by Jeff Martines and reported by The Verge. That makes both more and less sense. More because Twitter is a real competitor. It has decent scale and mindshare and competes for the same advertisers as Facebook. Twitter would love to know your Facebook social graph, which could help it refine its version, the “interest graph,” which powers its ad targeting.
It makes less sense because Vine had a prominent “share to Facebook” option. What happened to Facebook only going after apps that don't contribute much back? Apparently that got overruled because Twitter is a more legitimate threat. So much so that Facebook employed its policy that “we reserve the right to take action against your app even before the end of this 48-hour period.” It didn't want Twitter getting any social graph data.
Enforcement of these policies could create a moat around Facebook. It creates a barrier to engagement, retention, and growth for competing companies. It will force social apps to rely on other data sets, such as your phone's contacts which may not have as complete of a social graph, though likely does include your closest friends whose numbers you have.
That advantage may not be worth it, though. The enforcement means Facebook is not an “open platform.” If companies are worried that Find Friends or other Facebook data access could be ripped away from them with little notice, it could cause a chilling effect on development on the Facebook platform. No one wants to build an app that relies on Facebook data if it could disappear.
Facebook reaffirmed this fear this morning when it enforced its ban on exporting data for use in social networks. Russian search engine Yandex's new social search mobile app Wonder got all of its API calls blocked just three hours after launch. That's a lot of programming and product work down the drain.
Facebook is playing with fire. It could use policy enforcement to cook competitors and shine a light on its dominance of social networking. But if this enforcement scares off developers whose apps might otherwise provide content that could be shown next to ads in the news feed and piped into Graph Search, Facebook could get burned badly.
[Image Credits: Newscom]
—
For more on this topic, read:
Facebook Clarifies Ban On Apps That Use Its Data To Replicate Its Features Or Don't Share Back
How Long Til Facebook Clones Vine? No, Facebook Should Have Invented Vine
The internet's oldest and most controversial meme culture wiki may be facing one of the biggest threats to its 12-year existence, thanks to a copyright lawsuit filed by a video game developer-turned-eccentric millionaire.
Known for its shocking and offensive, yet surprisingly comprehensive, documentation of internet meme history, Encyclopedia Dramatica (ED) is a fragile internet relic that has endured through several close calls over the last 12 years of its existence. Originally launched by founder Sherrod DeGrippo as a LiveJournal gossip database in 2004, the site nearly came to an end in 2011 after DeGrippo attempted to delete the wiki in order to launch a work safe variant named “Oh Internet.” Much to DeGrippo's dismay, ED users (affectionately known as “EDiots”) managed to salvage the database and relaunch it on a separate domain, where it is currently being run by web administrator Brian Zaiger.
The feud began nine years ago in 2008, when a user of the site create a profile article on Jonathan Monsarrat, the founder and CEO of American video game developer Turbine Inc., which cited a 2003 article alleging that he launched the campus dating service Match-Up in order to collect contact information from various women during his years at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a business graduate student. Fast forward a couple of years, in February 2010, the article was updated to reflect yet another allegation of unsavory conduct by Monsarrat, this time for distribution of alcohol to underage teenagers at a party that he was hosting, which was first reported on by the Massachusetts local newspaper Somerville Journal. The charges were subsequently dropped.
Then in January 2011, Monsarrat hit ED with a cease-and-desist letter to take down the article from the site; it was subsequently taken offline as the website had to shut down in April 2011 due to its mounting financial woes. When ED came back online under a new domain in 2013, the article also resurfaced as a result of an oversight in the transition process, according to Zaiger's statement in a recent interview with The Daily Dot. Although the article was taken down again shortly after the ED administrators discovered the DMCA complaint, Monsarrat decided to move forward with suing the site for a total $750,000 in damages for alleged copyright infringement, citing quotations from archived forum posts and a photograph of him dressed in a beaver costume with Pedobear superimposed into the frame.
Zaiger, who described the lawsuit as a “strategic lawsuit against public participation" (SLAPP) carried out for the purpose of silencing one's critics and enemies with absurd legal costs, has since launched a crowdfunding campaign to cover the mounting fees on WeSearchr, where he has accumulated upwards of $6,100 of his $50,000 goal. In a video uploaded to YouTube, an ED administrator warned that the site may be forced to shut down even if the lawsuit is thrown out unless the legal costs can be covered.
Will one of the last havens of the Anonymous subculture make it through to live another day? We'll just have to watch and see.
Imagine your movements are being tracked by a wireless technology so powerful that it can work through walls and closed doors. It monitors your heart rate and breathing without you having to touch anything, and it would even be able to differentiate you from other people.
This could be bad news for burglars but good news for the rest of us, as it has the potential to transform the way we track health, monitor babies, catch criminals and play games.
It may sound like something from a sci-fi Big Brother, but it's a reality thanks to the latest work from MIT's Wireless Centre, hosted in the Computer Science and Artificial intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). A team, including professor of electrical engineering and computer science Dina Katabi, have created a system that monitors peoples' movements using a wireless signal with the power of X-ray vision.
Natalie Portman kept her wedding to Benjamin Millepied natural by serving her guests a vegan feast and choosing local wild flowers for Saturday's (04Aug12) ceremony.
The Hollywood actress married her choreographer fiance in a Jewish ceremony in Big Sur, California in front of guests including moviemaker Mike Nichols, MACaulay Culkin and Ivanka Trump.
Details of the nuptials have now emerged and it has been revealed Portman walked down the aisle in a mid-length Rodarte dress with full sleeves and flowers in her hair, while Millepied wore a dark blue tuxedo.
The happy couple stuck to Portman's strict diet by serving vegan food at the reception and they shunned expensive floral decorations by opting for wild flowers indigenous to the California coastline.
They also forgoed a wedding cake and served macaroons in honour of Millepied's French roots, while guests were given wild flower seeds as wedding favours, according to website Hollyscoop.com.
The latest ridiculous North Korean propaganda video includes threats to launch that nation's (untested) KN-08 missiles at four U.S. cities: Washington, Colorado Springs, Colo., Los Angeles and Honolulu.
The only problem is that the video, released by the state-run media organization Uriminzokkiri, misidentifies Colorado Springs' location by about 1,000 miles. As the voice-over excitedly discusses North Korea's plan to launch a missile at the home of a number of important military installations, as well as the U.S. Air Force Academy, a dot on a map meant to indicate the city actually appears somewhere over the deep south.
You can hear the narrator mention Colorado Springs at about 1 minute, 20 seconds into the video, as a scary-looking line is shown shooting out from North Korea and landing somewhere in the vicinity of Shreveport, La., a 900-mile drive southeast from the intended target.
Fortunately for Coloradans and Louisianans, the KN-08 is untested and so has not demonstrated the ability to reach anywhere near the U.S. mainland, much less with the accuracy required to hit a precise location. All of which may help explain why these particularly propagandist video makers did not even bother to correctly identify their targets.
Hat tip to the Nautilus Institute and Jeffrey Lewis for pointing this out.
More on North Korea: Did young Kim Jong-un really perform in a production of Grease while undercover at Swiss boarding school?
How to read the scary-sounding U.S. intel on North Korea
Why North Korean propaganda videos steal from American video games
The Cannibals of North Korea
Recent developments with this project
Studies confirm multiple health benefits from completed greenway
May 4, 2016 - We commissioned a study by the UBC Health and Community Design Lab and partnered with the centre for Hip Health and Mobility on another study entitled, "Active Streets, Active People". Both studies examined the effects of improved access to walking, cycling and opportunities for social connection along the completed greenway. Results included:
16% increase in the number of moderate physical activity
9.8% decrese in the number of days of poor mental and physical health
Cycling trips increased 49% and auto trips decreased 35%
Read the news release and the two research reports for more details.
Once the full Comox-Helmcken Study research findings have been published the full report will be available on our website.
June 2013 - Section 1 of Comox-Helmcken Greenway is now completed.
Tell us what you think about the road construction work
May 6, 2013 - Let us know how well we are managing and communicating the road construction work for the Comox-Helmcken Greenway.
The questionnaire is now closed. Thank you for your interest.
December 12, 2012
City Council approves Comox-Helmcken Greenway. Construction expected early January 2013.
November 2, 2012
The survey is now closed. Thanks to everyone who participated in the recent public events and our online surveys. A summary report will be posted online prior to the City Council meeting on 11 December 2012.
Open houses
We have incorporated your feedback on the Greenway and now have a detailed design to share with you. Come out to an open house to view the proposed design for Section 1 of the Comox-Helmcken Greenway and provide your comments on the proposed route for Section 2 on:
October 4, 2012
West End Community Centre, 12-3 pm
English Bay Room, 870 Denman Street
October 3, 2012
Coast Plaza Hotel & Suites, 5-8 pm
Barclay Room, 1763 Comox Street
October 1, 2011
Engine 374 Pavilion at the Roundhouse Community Centre, 5-8 pm
181 Roundhouse Mews (entrance from the plaza on Davie Street)
September 29, 2012
Mole Hill Farmers Market, 9 am-2 pm
Comox Street at Nelson Park (1100 block of Comox Street)
View the maps and related information in the Documents tab.
According to the National Education Association Mississippi lags far behind the rest of the nation when it comes to the number of male teachers in public schools. However, one local school system is beating the odds.
Unlike many schools, the Newton City School District has been able to attract a number of male teachers for its elementary and middle schools.
"A lot of children respect, well they respect male and female teachers, but there are some children who respect males a little more," says NPSD Superintendent, Dr. Virginia Young. "So, it's been working great here in Newton."
One of those instructors is Corey Carlton. The 6 foot 7 inch tall kindergarten teacher has worked for the past five years as an instructor at Newton Elementary.
"I think sometimes they come from homes where they see their moms more, and this gives them a chance to see a male in a positive position, and that helps out a lot," says Carlton. "When they see me, and look up to me, to see the smile on their faces means so much to me, and I know that it means a lot to them as well."
"You have children that maybe are in a single parent home with their mother without a father figure, and it helps when you have males at school teaching them or showing them things that they may not be getting at home," says Newton Elementary Principal, Dean Reid.
According to the non-profit organization, Men Teach, there are often two things that deter men from going into education. First, there's the perceived low social status and secondly, low pay. According to the men we talked to on this day, being in education is definitely a labor of love.
Such is the case for Luke Gibbon who has worked as the physical education instructor at Newton Elementary for the past ten years.
"You think about when you were young, and when you went to school there was always somebody there to help who was a bus driver, principal or teacher, and you just want to give back and give the same thing that was given to you," says Gibbon.
The latest figures from the National Education Association show that in 2012 Mississippi ranked only behind the state of Virginia for having the lowest number of male public school teachers in the nation. Louisiana, South Carolina, and Georgia rounded out the top five states with the lowest number. Topping the list with the most male teachers was Kansas.
Street sustained a strained right lat in his first outing of Spring Training on March 3, but he received clearance to resume throwing on April 4. Though Street had not put a timetable on his return, he appeared on track to return to the Angels at the end of this month. His transfer to the 60-day disabled list, however, now means he will be sidelined until at least June 1.
HOUSTON -- The Angels transferred right-hander Huston Street to the 60-day disabled list on Monday, clearing a spot on their 40-man roster for right-handed reliever Parker Bridwell, who was acquired from the Orioles in exchange for cash considerations or a player to be named. Bridwell was optioned to Double-A Mobile.
HOUSTON -- The Angels transferred right-hander Huston Street to the 60-day disabled list on Monday, clearing a spot on their 40-man roster for right-handed reliever Parker Bridwell, who was acquired from the Orioles in exchange for cash considerations or a player to be named. Bridwell was optioned to Double-A Mobile.
Street sustained a strained right lat in his first outing of Spring Training on March 3, but he received clearance to resume throwing on April 4. Though Street had not put a timetable on his return, he appeared on track to return to the Angels at the end of this month. His transfer to the 60-day disabled list, however, now means he will be sidelined until at least June 1.
View Full Game Coverage
General manager Billy Eppler said in a text message that Street had encountered a "mild shoulder impingement" at the outset of his throwing program, which prompted the Angels to slow him down. Street is currently throwing from 100 feet in his long toss program, Eppler added.
Street said on April 7 that he had been experiencing some shoulder stiffness, though he didn't consider the malady serious.
"I have a little stiffness up in the shoulder area, but you don't pick up a ball for four weeks and you kind of got to expect it," Street said at that time. "No alarm bells going off or anything like that."
Street, 33, is attempting to rebound from the worst campaign of his career, when he posted a 6.45 ERA across 22 1/3 innings before undergoing season-ending knee surgery in August. He is a potential free agent at the end of this season.
The Angels' bullpen is currently without two of its most experienced back-end options, as Street and Andrew Bailey are both injured. Bailey landed on the 10-day disabled list last week with right shoulder inflammation and has yet to pick up a baseball.
Bridwell, 25, had recorded an 18.00 ERA over two appearances at Triple-A Norfolk this year. He was ranked as the Orioles' No. 15 prospect by MLBPipeline.com and posted a 3.87 ERA over 27 Minor League outings, including seven starts, in 2016. Bridwell made his Major League debut with the Orioles last August and logged a 13.50 ERA in two appearances, allowing five runs over 3 1/3 innings.
Worth noting
• Albert Pujols received a scheduled day off on Monday, with Jefry Marte serving as the designated hitter against the Astros.
• Ben Revere started in left field for the third consecutive game, but manager Mike Scioscia said he still expects Cameron Maybin to earn most of the playing time there. Maybin is batting .212 with a .631 OPS, while Revere is hitting .217 with a .554 OPS.
"I think we're going to see how it matches up on a daily basis, Scioscia said. "We feel Cam is going to get the lion's share of playing time in left field, but right now we're mixing and matching a little bit until some of our guys get more comfortable."
The Pacific tree frog (Pseudacris regilla), also known as the Pacific chorus frog, has a range from the West Coast of the United States (from Northern California, Oregon, and Washington) to British Columbia in Canada and extreme southern Alaska.[2] They live from sea level to more than 10,000 feet in many types of habitats, reproducing in aquatic settings. They occur in shades of greens or browns and can change colors over periods of hours and weeks.
Taxonomy [ edit ]
The naming of this frog has a very confusing history. First, the frog was moved from the genus Hyla to the genus Pseudacris in 1986.[2] Then, in 2006, Recuero et al. split the frog into three species.[3] Recuero et al. attached the name Pseudacris regilla with the central component, Pseudacris hypochondriaca with southern (Baja Californian) component, and Pseudacris pacifica with northern component. However, if this split is accepted, the correct name (i.e., the oldest available name) for the northern component is Pseudacris regilla and for the central one Pseudacris sierra. This revision remains controversial.[4] The Amphibian Species of the World 6.0 recognizes the split, but uses the name Pseudacris regilla for the northern component,[2] the definition followed in this article.
Anatomy and morphology [ edit ]
A Pacific tree frog (green morph) sitting on a sunflower leaf stem, Nanoose Bay British Columbia
The Pacific tree frog grows up to 2 inches from snout to urostyle. The males are usually smaller than the females and have a dark patch on their throats. The dark patch is the vocal sac, which stretches out when the male is calling. Pacific tree frogs can be a number of different colors, including green, tan, reddish, gray, brown, cream, and black, but most are a shade of green or brown, with pale or white bellies. They have a variety of dark and spotty markings on their backs and sides and can be identified by a black or dark brown eye stripe that stretches from the nose, across the eye, and back to the shoulder. They can change color seasonally to better match their environments. Their skin is covered in small bumps. They have long legs compared to their bodies and they tend to be slender. Their toes are long and only very slightly webbed. On the end of each toe is a round, sticky toe pad or disk used for climbing and sticking to surfaces. Males also have an extra, and far less noticeable toe on their outer thumbs used exclusively in amplexus. Fertilization is external.
Distribution, habitat and ecology [ edit ]
Pacific tree frogs are common on the Pacific coast of Oregon and Washington, but they are found from extreme northern California to British Columbia. They can also be found in Idaho. A small population also exists in a pond on Revillagigedo Island near Ketchikan, Alaska, having been intentionally introduced there in the 1960s.[5] They are found upland in ponds, streams, lakes and sometimes even further away from water; their habitat includes a wide variety of climate and vegetation from sea level to high altitudes. The Pacific tree frog makes its home in riparian habitat, as well as woodlands, grassland, chaparral, pasture land, and even urban areas including back yard ponds. Eggs of the Pacific tree frog may be consumed by the rough-skinned newt[6] and other amphibians.
Reproduction, development and behavior [ edit ]
The Pacific tree frog begins mating in early winter to early spring. Since these frogs are so widespread geographically, their breeding season is thought to be determined by local conditions. When it is time, the males migrate to the water. They then make a call at the same time, calling "ooh-yeeh" or ribbiting loudly. This lures the females to the water and they mate. The females lay their eggs in clumps of 10-90, and usually put them on and under vegetation and leaf litter in the pond. Females usually lay their eggs in shallow, calm water that has little action around it. If they survive, embryos will hatch into tadpoles within one to three weeks. The tadpoles feed on periphyton, filamentous algae, diatoms, and pollen in or on the surface of the water. They feed using suction, and a beak-like structure that helps scrape vegetation off surfaces.
The species attracts mates using a choral song. Males call to females as loudly as possible and produce a croak so loud that they sound as though they are produced by multiple males. These sounds can be heard by numerous females. Once a female approaches, the male stops singing and attempts amplexus. Breeding takes place at night, near shallow water, typically after rainfall. Mating season usually extends from December to May, although some variation occurs. Altitude often affects the length of the breeding season. (Dickerson, 1906; Grinnell and Storer, 1924; Schaub and Larsen, Jr, 1978)[full citation needed]
Metamorphosis usually follows about two to two and a half months later, but experience raising these tadpoles shows that some may delay metamorphosis, changing up to five months after hatching. The survival rate of these delayed metamorphs is lower, and the evolutionary utility of this delayed metamorphosis is uncertain. It may be related to the prevalence of fire in their natural ecosystem.
During the final stages of transformation when the tadpoles have four limbs and a tail, they stop feeding for a short time while their mouths widen and their digestive systems adjust from herbivorous to carnivorous.
For the most part, Pacific tree frogs are nocturnal, but they have been spotted during the day. These frogs spend a lot of time hiding under rotten logs, rocks, long grasses, and leaf litter, where they are very difficult to see unless they move. When they hunt, their toe pads allow them to climb on vegetation and other surfaces where they are to ambush their prey. Much of their diets consists of spiders, beetles, flies, ants, and other insects and arthropods; they can and do eat insects that are almost as large as they are, and will expand their bodies slightly to accommodate these meals.
Pacific tree frogs mature quickly, and are usually mate the season after metamorphosis. Predators include snakes, raccoons, herons, egrets, and other small mammals and reptiles.
When they sense potential food nearby, they commonly twitch a toe to attract it within easy reach of their tongues. They can live up to 9 years in captivity.
They produce several call types.[7] These include the males' advertisement call, commonly described as “ribbit” or “crek-ek”, as well as an encounter trill call. The cre-ek call can be quite loud and can thus be heard from very far away. Males also produce a “dry land call”, a long cre-ee-ee-eeek, that can be heard anytime in the year except during the coldest and driest periods. Pacific tree frogs are the most commonly heard frogs along much of the West Coast of the United States.
Green and brown color morphs [ edit ]
These frogs have the ability to change color from brown to green. Previously, adults were thought to occur in two different fixed colors. Now, some of them have been found to be able to change between the two. They can also change from lighter to darker, shift from patterned markings to pure colors and vice versa, and even display combinations of colors, brown/green being the most frequent.
These color-changing morphs are triggered not by color change in their environments, but a change in background brightness. This type of environmental change would be caused by seasonal fluctuation. A full change in the dorsal coloration of a color morph can take from weeks to months, but initial changes can occur in just a few hours. This has been shown to be a very useful cryptic survival feature for these frogs.
Skin color is produced via pigment cells called chromatophores. Three types of chromatophores are commonly found in amphibians: Xanthophores, which contain yellow, orange, or red pigments and are found the uppermost on the dermis; iridophores, which lie below the xanthophores and function by reflecting and scattering white light up through them (in the case of Pseudacris regilla and many other North American frogs, iridophores reflect blue light through the yellow pigment cells above to create a green frog) and melanophores, which are the deepest pigment cells and are responsible for the presence of black and brown pigments.
A rare, recessive "blue morph" is known. One is housed at the Humboldt State University Natural History Museum in Arcata, California. [1] This mutation might inhibit the xanthophores' ability to produce yellow pigments, thus the normally green frog (possibly of the color-unchanging type) appears blue.
Green color morph
Blended color morph
Brown color morph
Green color morph Blended color morph Brown color morph Side view showing a color variant. Green Morph.
Homing [ edit ]
Research was done on Pacific tree frogs to discover if they have homing instincts and what was their main source for knowing where their home was. To find the answer, these frogs were marked and moved 300 yards away from their pond. Several days later, the researchers did a recapture on the original pond in which 66.3% of the frogs were recaptured, indicating there was some source of homing instinct. This was made apparent again when 24 frogs were placed into a larger pond, and 20 of those frogs returned to their original pond. The frogs' movement patterns and olfactory, auditory, and kinesthetic senses could be explanations for the homing, but not a single factor was able to explain the results, indicating that these frogs might be using all or a combination of these factors for homing.[8]
Conservation status [ edit ]
These frogs are the most common frogs on the West Coast of North America. Although Pacific tree frogs remain abundant, some other species found in the same areas, such as California red-legged frogs, are declining. Most populations of tree frogs appear healthy, and they have no concern or conservation status.
Regional importance [ edit ]
In 2007, the Pacific tree frog was named the state amphibian of the State of Washington.[9] It is also a very important species in all of the regions where it is found because it is a keystone species. Many other species, such as garter snakes, depend upon its abundance as a prey item for their survival.
Mashable Choice highlights the best of everything we cover, have experienced first-hand and would recommend to others.
Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Review
Who has a tablet? That's right, pretty much everybody. Now, who has a tablet that can run full Photoshop? Suddenly the show of hands goes way down, limited pretty much to only non-ARM-powered Windows slates.
And finally, who has a tablet that can run full Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, multiple web browsers and more all at the same time without slowing to a crawl. Then you're down to just Intel Core-powered tablets like the Surface Pro 2.
See also: The Problem With Windows 8
The Surface Pro 2 is Microsoft's second-generation flagship for the Windows 8 (now 8.1) platform. It's a powerful PC inside a tablet form factor, meant to fulfill a power user's computing and consumption needs — all of them.
It's a great idea, and not just in theory. I used the original Surface Pro as my primary computing device for weeks when I researched my review earlier this year. The Surface Pro and its successor have the power to drive an entire workstation, complete with external monitor, hard drives, speakers and oodles of USB gear. Then, when it's time to kick back, the tablet is ready to detach and run a little Netflix whenever you are.
Does the Surface Pro 2, which goes on sale Tuesday for the starting price of $899, take the experience further? In a sense, yes, but not really because of the hardware. The Surface Pro 2 ships with Windows 8.1, which includes a slew of important upgrades that augment the existing tools. But more than that, the world has fully embraced the cloud — one of the pillars of Windows 8. The Surface Pro was already a great piece of hardware, but now it has more software rooting for it.
More of the Same
Microsoft says the Surface Pro was one of the bestsellers in its category, whatever that is. It's a tablet, a PC and probably technically an UItrabook, too. After you used one for a few minutes, however, there was no confusion about what you held in your hand: a great example of what mobile computing could be — powerful enough to get things done, but still light enough to toss in your bag.
With the Surface Pro 2, Microsoft isn't messing with success. The design is nearly identical to the original: Weight and dimensions are exactly the same, and all the ports are in the same places. If Microsoft hadn't switched out the Windows 8 logo on the back for one that simply says “Surface,” you wouldn't be able to tell them apart without booting up and checking the Control Panel.
It's actually too bad that Microsoft didn't try to shave at least a little of the weight with a redesign. At 2 pounds, the Surface Pro 2 is still pretty beefy as tablets go. In fact, it's starting to seem beefy as Ultrabooks go — the Sony Vaio Pro 11 is actually about an ounce lighter, and that machine has a real keyboard. Surface chief Panos Panay called the Surface Pro 2 a “beast” at its unveiling; he was referring to its processing power, but it's an apt description for the physical footprint, too.
Instead of making the tablet sleeker, Microsoft focused on revamping the insides. The Surface Pro 2 packs an Intel fourth-generation “Haswell” processor, meaning it's capable of greater feats of computing while using much less power than last year's model. The latter point matters most to the Pro, since battery life in the original was pathetic — about four hours, and I clocked considerably less than that.
I'm happy to report the Pro delivers on its promise of greater battery life. Microsoft's promise of 75% more juice translates into about 7 hours total, which I found to be about accurate. If you're compiling video footage with the brightness turned all the way up while watching some YouTube at full HD — and you can — you'll probably burn through the battery much faster, but at least now we're talking hours, not minutes.
The display on the Surface Pro 2 is almost exactly the same as the one Pro 1: Both are 10.6-inch displays with 1,920 x 1,080 resolution. Microsoft says it improved the color accuracy of the new tablet, but I couldn't discern any difference in side-by-side comparisons with a few photos. But for pro illustrators, every little bit helps, I guess.
Extras
In addition to loaning Mashable an entry-level review unit (4GB of RAM, 64GB storage), Microsoft also sent along a couple of optional accessories. The Arc Mouse Surface Edition ($69.99) is a slate-gray slab that bends cleverly to become a curved Bluetooth mouse with excellent response and accuracy. However, I found its buttons to require a little more pressure to click than I'd prefer.
However, the new Type Cover -– the variant of the infamous keyboard Touch Cover with actual keys — is a superb upgrade. Type Cover 2 ($129.99) works just as well as the first version (apart from the poor choice to remove clickable buttons from the mouse button), but this one's backlit, a very handy feature when typing in a dark room — say, when you've got the lights down to watch TV and you're kicking back with Surface Pro 2 for a little second-screen action.
Which, by the way, Surface Pro 2 is very good at. Not necessarily the second-screen stuff (although it's fine for that too), but the kicking-back stuff. The kickstand's new lower position is tailor-made for lying around with the Surface with your feet up. There's a reason that kickstand extends the entire width of the device, and it's so you can use it as an actual laptop. It also looks like Microsoft cleared up any issues with the Type Cover not responding so well when in a lap — in all my usage, it didn't miss a keystroke.
And then there's the digitizing pen that comes with every Surface Pro and Pro 2. If pens (digital or otherwise) are part of your workflow, then you'll find the pen and its 1,024 points of pressure essential. Anyone else will see it as a seldom-used perk.
While I was disappointed to see over half the Surface Pro 2's 64GB of storage eaten up after I'd installed a few apps, I actually don't see it as that big a weakness now that Microsoft is offering 200GB of free SkyDrive storage with every Surface purchase. SkyDrive works much more seamlessly in Windows 8.1, I found, with fast access to files and virtually no lag even when saving directly to the cloud. Who needs local storage? When deciding which model to get, I recommend saving a little money and get fewer gigabytes than you planned.
The Pro 2 Experience
The Surface Pro 2 runs Windows 8.1. As it should: For all the grief Microsoft has taken over its touch-first version of Windows, this is, at heart, a PC. You don't buy a machine like the Pro 2 to spend all your time in the Travel app. You get it to run hardcore “computing” apps like Photoshop. Surface Pro 2 users will be spending most of their time in the desktop.
It's too bad, then, that most of the upgrades to Windows 8.1 are about the modern UI. The new live tile sizes will tickle the power-user bones in Pro 2 buyers, but they won't satisfy them. And a Health & Fitness app? Spare me.
However, improved multi-monitor support is a big deal. The Surface Pro 2 is very intelligent about detecting what kind of display you're connecting to and scaling both the Desktop and the modern UI to the ideal size, depending on whether you're mirroring displays or extending them. Beyond that, you can also manually change things to your liking. And it looks like app support is much better: In Windows 8, Google Chrome looked weirdly fuzzy on an external monitor, and in Windows 8.1 it's razor-sharp.
I especially liked the subtle touches — like when the Charms menu shifts a bit up or down on my monitor depending on whether I pushed my mouse into the top or bottom corner.
However, I didn't like the actual touches in the Desktop on the Surface Pro 2 — that is, the way it responded to finger taps. In some apps, like Chrome, the tablet didn't even get the general area where I was touching right, instead assuming I was tapping about an inch higher than where my fingertip was. And the onscreen keyboard never automatically popped up when I tapped a text field — it looks like Microsoft has just given up with using touch in the Desktop environment with Windows 8.1.
The new software has other bugs, such as when I tried to change the scrolling direction of the trackpad on my Type Cover. After typing “direction” from the Start screen, the setting “Reverse the touchpad's scrolling direction” came up. This looked like exactly what I was looking for, except when I clicked it, nothing of the sort came up. A search for the setting in the Control Panel proved fruitless.
It's a quibble, but it's an annoying one. The Surface Pro 2 is supposed to combine the power of a serious PC with the convenience of a tablet. But bugs like these undermine the latter persona. If changing a basic feature necessitates a visit to the Control Panel, I'll probably just end up grabbing an iPad mini when it comes time to fire up Hulu Plus.
At least with the deeper app catalog for modern UI apps, the tablet side of Windows is stronger than ever. The new Facebook app, for one, works very well, although I prefer to run it in portrait mode since I find the default menus off to the sides a little “chromey” for my taste.
A Higher Surface
I've been writing this review of the Surface Pro 2 on the Surface Pro 2 in Word, while running Photoshop, Adobe Premiere, Xbox Music, Outlook, Excel, Google Chrome, both versions of Internet Explorer (all with multiple tabs) and a bunch of modern UI apps for good measure. I'm also saving this Word file directly to SkyDrive — something that would often give me serious lag in Windows 8, but it's working like a dream in Windows 8.1 on the Surface Pro 2.
That's one of the more exciting things about this machine and its Windows 8.1 software — it's a powerful PC that's fully cloud-connected in a cloud-powered world. Since Windows 8 debuted, other services (such as Adobe Creative Cloud) have followed Microsoft into cloud services, and the Surface Pro 2 is a machine that isn't just fully equipped to handle this world — it's designed for it.
So although I'm still skeptical whether Microsoft's tablet experience has any value over competitors (and it's worthless in the Desktop), the Surface Pro 2 succeeds because that part is just gravy anyway. This is a tablet with the heart of a PC and its brain in the cloud. For a serious workhorse machine that you can really take anywhere, it's hard to beat.
Images: Mashable, Bianca Consunji
Evening Guys Welcome to The Big Kodi switch off – Support the Dev's, They need your help please show them your support so that we dont lose these great addons for good.
Good Evening Guys. Some of you maybe aware that its all kicking off in the Kodi community today and you may well be wondering why one of your favourite addons is no longer working, this blog may help to explain why!
We need your help on this. The Devs need your help, these are the devs that give up their free time for you and never ask for anything in return – Until Now that is!!!
A Facebook group called Team Anonymous has used the hard work of Third Party Kodi Dev's and produced their own addon with all their lists and hard work in it without their permission.
Kodi Devs are pulling there add-ons in protest until this stops.
Yes we have seen this action before. Some of you may remember when AAA came onto the scene last year.
The following addons are down or will be pulled later today and with more rumoured to be following suit.
Below are some examples of messages from these various Dev's
UK Turks message to all his Followers
Dear Turksters,
As you might be aware over the last few days or so, there has been a so called addon (i use the word very loosely) called Anonymous Group that has taken it upon themselves to copy & paste every single popular addon into their addon without asking for permission & then claiming they are doing it for the Community because we are supposed to be making money every time you guys click on a link which is absolute Rubbish!!
You might say what are you moaning about because the Channels, Movies, Tv Shows are all stolen in the first place & there is no honor among thieves, this might be true but what you have to understand is ive spent over 3 years of my life bringing you guys content which is either hard to find over the internet or you just cant get hold of it, i have made it easier for you guys just to turn your box or your PC on and click on something & you can watch it without disturbance or annoying adverts or popups and if something is not working i always fix, the man hours of my time ive spent i cant get back but i was happy to do it for you guys with no self gain on my part apart from a free kebab here & there lol.
Now this Leech has not only copied & pasted the addon but also has published every single addons lists to the public including mine, this i wont TOLERATE so talking with metalkettle i regret to inform UK Turks has been pulled for the time being & other Devs & playlisters will be following suit I did not want to do this as i was prepared to play the Cat & Mouse game with this frogspawn but after what he has done i have to protect myself, So please dont blame me or mettlekettle if you want to point any fingers point them at Marc Michelli his fb profile is https://www.facebook.com/marcus.michelli?fref=ts
and his group is
https://www.facebook.com/groups/182873125406669/ Once again i am sorry it has come down to this but if we dont take ACTION now there will be no community left and all that will be left will be the sharks that are taking your money or dodgy unstable addons that dont put the work in & are here today & gone tomorrow.
So please be understanding to the cause & vent your frustrations at the proper channels.
Thank You for your Support & i hope to see you Guys soon when this has been resolved.
UK Turk
Team Wookies Message to all their users
Cold as Ice Message
Adrian Sports Message
Renegades Message
Guys I would be really grateful if you all support the devs along with us all. We are all the Community and we don't want to see what we have die. So we must all stand together and get the message out that this will not be tolerated.
If you have either of these addons on your Kodi builds i ask you to remove them because we don't know if they are safe. If none of us use them then hopefully they will disappear back under the rock they came from.
Please share this blog with all your Kodi using friends via all of you social media platforms.
All the Best Sparky
Kodi is a registered trademark of the XBMC Foundation. We are not connected to or in any other way affiliated with Kodi, Team Kodi, or the XBMC Foundation. Furthermore, any third party software, third party addons, or products in our articles will receive no support in official Kodi channels. Best for Kodi is an information website. We as a website do not host, run or control any addons. We do not provide links for any streamed content. Any addons you choose to add are at your own discretion. We provide information on the addons that is freely available on the internet and from the addon developers themselves. We offer no support for any of the addons as they do not belong to us. We are not responsible for any content you choose to have on your device. Read the full Best for Kodi disclaimer here.
Protect your online identity with IPVanish. IPVanish let's you access geo restricted content, hide your online traffic identity and prevent your ISP throttling your connection. Be safe and smart with Kodi by using IPVanish.
Please share this Article by clicking on any of the below icons: Twitter
Facebook
WhatsApp
Telegram
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Skype
Note: This article touches on slut-shaming, body-shaming, homophobia, and ableism.
I love swearing. It's a weekly miracle that my essays don't include “totally fucked” or “fucked up and bullshit” in every paragraph. If I were reborn as a linguist, I would study swearing and cursing. I watch documentaries about cursing, I play a lot of Cards Against Humanity, and this interview with Melissa Mohr, the author of Holy Shit: A Brief History of Swearing is my favorite episode of Slate's just-nerdy-enough podcast Lexicon Valley. If you've been in the audience when I give a presentation, you probably (despite my efforts to the contrary) heard me swear five or six times. I would hate to live in a world without swearing because it would be fucking dull. Unfortunately, my (and most English-speaking people) love of swearing comes into direct contradiction with inclusionary social politics. I need a new arsenal of swear words that punch up and tear down destructive stereotypes. Every time I swear, I want to be totally confident that I'm offending the right people.
Swearing, while not its only function, has a lot to do with offending people. Swearing is a necessary social sanction that does a lot of good in the world. There will always be people in this world that deserve to be told off. (Like my neighbor for example.) But in the process of telling each other where to shove it, we also reaffirm and establish who in the world is desirable and who is unwanted. So if I call you dumb, stupid, lame, gay, retarded, or even a girl, I'm not only saying that women, non-cis gendered people, or the differently abled are inherently bad, I'm also invoking all of the power of ableism, homophobia, and patriarchy to make you feel bad. Too many curse words strengthen the kind of social structures that we should be dismantling. I want to quickly and easily compare people to the parts of society that I find gross and unseemly. I want words that compare people to those with ill begotten wealth or obscene power but, so far, calling someone the President of the United States of America doesn't have the sticking power it should.
Efforts to consciously and directly alter language rarely work, so producing a new collection of commonly used swear words is going to take more effort than making some up and putting them in a list. I do not want to rely on the “fetch” method of consciously injecting new words into daily conversation. That's not to say such efforts are hopeless or naïve—putting a word to a feeling or a phenomenon is the beginning of all sorts of movements and cultural revolutions—but I get the feeling that swear words just need to feel right. They need to come out of your mouth without a second thought.
The good news is that there are two large sociotechnical trends that work in our favor. The first is economic stagnation. Mohr, in the aforementioned Lexicon Valley interview, notes that the social taboo against swearing has everything to do with keeping your status. The very poor and the very rich (two classes that continue to grow in our present economic situation) have always been comfortable and blatant in their swearing. Swearing bares no risk if you don't have anything to lose or are so well-heeled that there is no one else in the room that you need to impress. Only the upwardly mobile bourgeoisie are afraid of swearing. One could say that the socioeconomic climate is primed for swearing experimentation.
The second trend is the decentralization of media. Podcasts, YouTube videos, blogs, and even Netflix and Hulu exclusive content are all subject to far less regulation than radio or television. The words you cannot say on television are still the same, but there are plenty of other venues to test out new swear words. It's strange then, that given all the Internet-inspired new words that have made it into dictionaries over the past decade (e.g. tweet, defriend, uplink), none of them are swears or curses. You might stop me here and say that those press releases are just ways of ginning up press for a dying institution– some shameless link bait by people that don't really know what that means. I think that's besides the point entirely. After all, what would be more press-worthy than a word you can't say in polite company? And yet, the offerings remain scant. I guess I could call you a Scumbag Steve but in the heat of the moment I'm probably just going to call you a motherfucker.
Perhaps that's just it. Most of the communicative innovation of the past decade has used photos, illustrations, video, and emoticons to express a feeling or an idea. As Jenny Davis wrote a few years back, memes are the mythology of our digitally augmented society. They don't make arguments; they are the dominant ideologies of our time. I can offend you with an Insanity Wolf meme in ways that my parents probably couldn't, but It's going to use the same lexicon that they had. I'm not suggesting that this is a zero-sum game where we either get new words or new memes, but perhaps I'm looking for the wrong thing. Maybe new curse words won't do as much culture work as I think they will because the fight has moved elsewhere: Away from utterances and towards a more heterogeneous system of self-expression.
Be that as it may, there's no substitute for a new expletive to yell at people who cut you off on the highway. I'm not going to end this with a call for more swear words because that would be missing the point. Rather I'd like to see some words that are already in widespread use in relatively small communities (I imagine ShitRedditSays has a few.) and descriptions of how they came into being. I don't think we can purposefully recreate moments where new words are born, but we can certainly foster an attentiveness or sensitivity to modes of evocative expression that rely solely on utterance. Perhaps, instead of copying and pasting something you whipped up on memegenerator.net, try to mash some words together. We could really fucking use some new ones.
David is on Twitter god damnit: da_banks
PPP senato­r urges author­ities to raise the matter with the kingdo­m
ISLAMABAD: Senate Chairman Raza Rabbani on Thursday asked the government to explain reports of death of a Pakistani transgender person allegedly killed in police custody in Saudi Arabia early this month.
Raising it on a point of pubic importance in the upper house, PPP Senator Farhatullah Babar said the transgender belonged to Swat and his family was agitating against the death in custody in Saudi Arabia.
Babar said that reports had surfaced a few days back but he did not raise the matter and was waiting for more information.
The senator said that it was a serious matter involving the basic right to life of a Pakistani national and the least the government should do is to formally take it up with Saudi authorities and find out the facts.
“Not taking notice of the reports amounts to abdication of responsibility towards our nationals in foreign lands,” he said and called for referring the matter to the Human Rights Committee or Foreign Affairs Committee of the Senate.
He said that according to reports initially 35 Pakistani transgender had been arrested late last month out of which 29 had been released while the rest were still in jail.
“While one respects the sovereign right of a foreign government to uphold its laws it is also our responsibility to take up the matter with the Saudi government and ensure that a Pakistani was not deprived of life unlawfully and with impunity”.
Chairman Raza Rabbani directed that the verbatim record of the speech of the senator be sent to the Foreign Office with direction to clarify the issue in the house on Tuesday.
Body of Pakistani transvestite ‘tortured in Saudi Arabia' handed to heirs
Pak-Afghan border closure
On another issue, Senator Babar questioned the continued closure of the Pak-Afghan border for the past several weeks and said that apart from being illogical it was now hurting the economic interests of traders and businessmen of K-P.
“It does not stand to reason that the borders have been closed because the militants were infiltrating through the Torkham border,” he lamented.
There are over 260 crossing points along the border, he said questioning why the militants would choose to enter through regular check posts.
“It is ironic that the border is sealed just when the prime minister is pleading connectivity and trade at the ECO summit in Islamabad,” he added
Hussain Haqqani
The Senate chairman accorded approval to an adjournment motion to discuss the article of former ambassador Hussain Haqqani published in the Washington Post.
The adjournment motion was moved by Lt Gen (r) Abdul Qayyum and Mohsin Aziz.
The members had urged the house to discuss Pakistan's former ambassador to US Hussain Haqqani's confession of facilitating CIA agents' discrete induction into Pakistan with the approval of the leadership of the then government.
Right to Information Bill
Chairman Special Committee of the Senate on Right to Information (RTI) Senator Farhatullah Babar laid in the House the report along with the draft of RTI law which he said not only cut across the political divide but was also far-reaching in depth and breadth enabling citizens to access information not only about federal government departments but also about Parliament, courts, and NGOs that received any assistance from the government in any form.
“For the first time a provision has been incorporated to end the practice of seeking blanket immunity from disclosing information in the name of national security.
“Universally recognised Johannesburg principles that strike a balance between considerations of national security and public good have been relied upon in ending the practice of hushing up information behind the façade of national security,” he said.
He further said that under the law, reasons will have to be recorded in writing as to how considerations of security outweighed public good and even then it will be challengeable before the Information Commission.
Read full story
(NaturalNews) A series of shocking new reports reveal that 45,000 acres of California crops are being irrigated with recycled fracking water , with some samples showing levels of petrochemicals higher than those found at oil spill sites.Even more shocking, the practice of using recycled oil water on crops (which has become a lucrative side business for oil companies), has been taking place for 20 years but was seemingly undisclosed until recently.Headquartered in San Ramon, California, Chevron is responsible for recycling the toxic fracking wastewater, which contains more than 200 chemicals including diesel, biocides and benzene, before selling it to farmers at a fraction of the cost of fresh water.Fresh water reportedly costs $1,500 per square foot, while recycled oil water costs a mere $33 per square foot, according toThe ability for oil companies to earn a profit off their wastewater, is extremely similar to the way the phosphate fertilizer industry sells their byproduct, hydrofluorosilicic acid, to be added to public drinking water.While officials are defending the use of recycled water for crops based on the state's current water shortages, as mentioned earlier, the practice has been happening for a long time, and absolutely no research has been conducted to identify any potential dangers.Follow breaking stories on fracking at fracking.news Water Defense , a non-profit founded in 2010 by actor Mark Ruffalo, has made it their mission to inform the public about what's in their water, as well as hold water polluters accountable, and that's exactly what they're doing.Over the last two years, Water Defense's chief scientist Scott Smith collected treated irrigation water samples that were purchased by Cawelo Water District from Chevron. The results are worrisome."Laboratory analysis of those samples found compounds that are toxic to humans, including acetone and methylene chloride — powerful industrial solvents — along with oil," reports theThe levels of three chemicals found in untreated oil field water were: 240,000 – 480,000 parts per million of oil; 440 – 530 parts per billion of acetone; and 82 – 89 parts per bill of methylene chloride.Treated oil water contained: 130 – 1,300 parts per million; 57 – 79 parts per billion; and 25 – 56 parts per billion of methylene chloride. Methylene chloride , predominantly used in paint strippers, metal cleaners and as a process solvent in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, is considered a potential occupational carcinogen and can result in death if ingested. View information about acetone here Samples were collected from 10 points at various depths along the eight-mile Cawelo canal where water flows from Chevron's oil fields through irrigation canals to farmers' fields.The samples contained acetone and methylene chloride, "solvents used to degrease equipment or soften thick crude oil ," at levels higher than seen at oil spill disaster sites. Hydrocarbons C20 and C34 found in oil were also in the samples.Cawelo Water District distributes irrigation water to 45,000 acres in the North-Central portion of Kern County, servicing 15 different crops including almonds, citrus, pistachios and vineyards.Blake Sanden, an agriculture extension agent and irrigation water expert with UC Davis, says farmers believe microorganisms in soils can "consume and process some impurities," but it's unclear whether fracking wastewater is invading the roots and leaves of irrigated crops.It's unlikely petrochemicals will make their way into an almond, but other crops like citrus seems much more vulnerable to contamination, noted Sanden.Because scientists are unsure of the chemicals in fracking mixtures, as the oil companies consider this "proprietary information" and refuse to release it, they are unable to properly test for chemicals that could be dangerous to people.
Except that Tyra won. Or, at least, that's the complaint you'll hear from many, many Drag Race fans.
The first three seasons of the Drag Race were filmed in their entirety long before they started airing. The winner had been chosen and crowned, regardless what fans thought about it. The winners of Seasons 4 through 6 were only chosen after most of their episodes had already aired, and those selections certainly seem to have been based on which queen had the most vocal fans.
So the most recent season winners haven't necessarily been the best queens, but rather the best reality TV characters. They've been the queens whose talent, personality, and style appealed to the most fans. Which isn't meant to dismiss Sharon, Jinkx, or Bianca -- I was rooted for all three!
What I'm saying is: Tyra would never, ever have won on the Drag Race based on fan reactions. Obviously. But that's not what her season was about.
Ru picked her Season 2 winner based on her performance record in the challenges and on the runway. Tyra was alright in the performance challenges, but she was superb in that season's frequent fashion challenges. She reliably brought dramatic, versatile looks to the runway, often with clever little costume changes.
I think Ru picked Tyra based on her mastery of the craft, the art of drag performance. Ru and the other judges did express skepticism about whether Tyra had star quality, but they had similar concerns about Raven, who often brought a chilly demeanor to the runway.
Naoki Hiroshima's recent loss of his single-letter Twitter handle @N to hijackers who socially engineered their way across multiple services was a stark reminder that there's a human element to security on the internet: without touching a line of code, the perpetrators allegedly took four digits of a credit card provided by a PayPal customer service representative and gave them to another rep at hosting company GoDaddy as proof of identification. In response, GoDaddy has now said on Twitter that it now requires eight credit card digits to access an account — previously, it required six — and will lock out callers after three attempts.
For Hiroshima, the change comes too late
For Hiroshima, the change comes too late: he still doesn't have access to his pilfered Twitter account, which he agreed to release to the attackers after they threatened to interfere with websites he was running. (For now, he's using @N_is_stolen.) Meanwhile, he says his domain registrations have been transferred to Namecheap.
The attack is eerily reminiscent of a similar scheme against Wired writer Mat Honan in 2012, which resulted in the loss of a significant amount of his personal data and the brief hijacking of his three-letter Twitter handle. That hack resulted in sweeping policy changes at Apple (among others) — but Hiroshima's ordeal shows how some companies caught up in security scandals are still beefing up their defenses as a reactionary measure, not a proactive one.
Researchers at UCLA have created a twist on traditional LCDs that would allow displays to reclaim wasted photons from the backlight, or even act as a normal solar cell. Normal LCDs rely on an always-on backlight, but because of the way LCDs work, most of that light never escapes. This inherent inefficiency hasn't stopped us from getting bright displays, but the power necessary to make them so is usually what runs down your battery.
Enter UCLA materials science professor Yang Yang and his team of engineers. Among the layers of the LCD are two polarizing sheets that block unwanted backlighting depending on their configuration. The team at UCLA has designed a new type of material for these layers called a polarizing organic photovoltaic film. Instead of simply blocking the light, it would act like a photovoltaic cell and reabsorb some of the light's energy — whether it's coming from inside or outside the device. Essentially it would recycle the light from the backlight while simultaneously acting as a solar cell.
No guarantees are made regarding things like battery life and power draw, since these depend on many other factors, but Intel's Youssry Botros commented that it could “potentially harvest 75 percent of the wasted photons from LCD backlight and turn them back into electricity.” Make your own calculations. He later uses the word “synergetic,” by which I think he means synergistic, but to be honest his version sounds better.
Yang hopes to work with manufacturers to make this mainstream, and says that the method is “simple.” All the same, don't expect your phone to charge itself using this method any time soon. The research, published in the journal Advanced Materials, was conducted with money from Intel and the Office of Naval Research.
[via Hot Hardware]
After 12 Years of Persecution and Imprisonment Professor Sami Al-Arian Escapes US DOJ Gestapo
After 12 Years of Persecution and Imprisonment Professor Sami Al-Arian Escapes US DOJ Gestapo
“I came to the United States for freedom, but four decades later, I am leaving to gain my freedom.”
The Internet site, The Intercept, provides the exclusive interview below with Professor Sami Al-Arian. I reported on the totally false and trumped-up case brought against this good and innocent person by the US Department of Justice (sic) in The Tyranny of Good Intentions (2008), coauthored with Lawrence M. Stratton.
The false case that the DOJ concocted in order to ruin an innocent man's life shows that the DOJ has no integrity. The case reveals that the DOJ is so arrogant that the DOJ has no concern for its reputation among the legal profession at home and abroad. The DOJ proves its lack of concern about its integrity time and time again. For example, the imprisonment of former Alabama Democratic governor Don Siegelman was achieved on the basis of brute force. Everyone knows that, including President Obama. Yet Siegelman remains in prison.
The DOJ no longer makes any pretense of representing justice or respecting truth, constitutional protections or even its own word. After coercing Al-Arian into a plea agreement, the DOJ then reneged on the word of the US government. In effect, the DOJ told Al-Arian: “Ha Ha, you trusted our word and now we have you!”
The DOJ has degenerated into a concocter of show trials that have more in common with Stalin's trial of Bukharin than with principles of American justice.
What the Al-Arian case shows is not crimes by the falsely accused Al-Arian, but how the DOJ went about shutting down charitable and human rights support for Palestine. Did the DOJ do this on its own or at Israel's request?
Here is Glenn Greenwald and Murtaza Hussain's exclusive interview with Sami Al-Arian published February 5, 2015:
https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/02/05/sami-al-arian-charged-terrorism-never-convicted-deported-today-u-s/
Mark Hughes will not be the new Aston Villa manager and has been left without a club after walking out on Fulham on Thursday night. The Welshman had been the favourite to succeed Gérard Houllier but Villa, unimpressed with the course of events that culminated in Hughes activating a break clause in his contract and leaving Fulham, have turned their attention elsewhere. Martin Jol and Steve McClaren are at the top of Villa's shortlist.
In a further twist Jol and McClaren, who are out of work and eager to return to employment in the Premier League, will also be leading candidates to take over at Craven Cottage, where Hughes had been expected to sign an improved two-year contract. Martin O'Neill, a former Villa manager, will be another major contender for that post.
Mohamed Al Fayed, the Fulham chairman, was furious after Hughes activated the break clause and tendered his resignation. A Fulham spokesperson said: "The chairman became increasingly annoyed by Mark positioning himself for another club, whilst still negotiating with us, and having agreed terms."
Fayed was, however, ready to extend Hughes's deal. One view from sources at the club is that contract talks with Hughes fell apart when Fulham felt unable to match the fees demanded by his representative, Kia Joorabchian.
Villa's reluctance to move for Hughes comes as something of a surprise. He has been the frontrunner for the Villa post since it emerged this week that Houllier would be stepping down on health grounds. Villa, however, told Fulham that they would not be making an approach for Hughes in the hours before his decision to leave.
The Midlands club have since made it clear that their stance has not changed after Hughes's departure from Fulham. It is understood they would have grave reservations about appointing the former Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City manager because of how his departure from Fulham has been handled.
Hughes, who is on holiday in Dubai, said in a statement: "I would like to take this opportunity to clarify that neither myself nor my representative have approached or have been approached by another club. This decision to leave Fulham has not been influenced by any outside party."
When Villa parted company with Houllier on Wednesday evening, Fulham believed that Hughes would stay loyal to them, as Fayed had done with him on Boxing Day, when the Craven Cottage crowd had called for Hughes's sacking after a 3-1 home defeat by West Ham United that dropped the club into the relegation zone. Hughes's new contract had even gone to the lawyers, with the terms and conditions agreed, in readiness for his signature.
Yet in the hours that followed Villa's announcement of Houllier's departure, Hughes went cold on Fulham – and nobody at the London club considered the two events to be unrelated. What Fulham could not understand, however, was that Paul Faulkner, the Villa chief executive, had made it clear to Alistair Mackintosh, his counterpart at Craven Cottage, with whom he gets on well, that Villa did not want Hughes. The Welshman, who describes himself as an ambitious young manager, may have taken a leap of faith as there was a deadline of midnight on Wednesday on the activation of his break clause. The clause permits him to walk away from the club as a free agent at the end of June. Premier League rules prevent him or his representative from contacting or being contacted by other clubs until after that.
His back-room entourage, which includes Mark Bowen, Eddie Niedzwiecki, Glyn Hodges and Kevin Hitchcock, remain under contract at Fulham for another year, with no break clauses in their deals.
Fulham accepted Hughes's resignation and their impression was that he thought he would get the Villa job, despite the assurances they had received from Faulkner that he would not. Fayed is clear that there is no way back for Hughes at the club. "Roy Hodgson appreciated the club after he had left and [Fayed] believes Mark will do the same," a spokesperson said.
Villa say they have an open mind about filling their vacancy. Speculation that Carlo Ancelotti is among their leading candidates is wide of the mark, however. The former Chelsea manager has not received any contact from Villa and he is known to have no interest in the position. Ancelotti, according to sources close to the Italian, is holding out for a club that can offer Champions League football. Roberto Martínez, the Wigan Athletic manager, has, however, emerged as an outsider for the Villa post.
O'Neill, who has been out of work since leaving Villa last August, is the bookmakers' favourite for the Fulham jobAs well as Jol and McClaren, other names likely to feature on Fulham's shortlist may include Gianfranco Zola, the former West Ham manager, and Chris Hughton, who led Newcastle United back to the Premier League at the first attempt before being sacked in December. Jol had been Fulham's No1 target last summer, ahead of Hughes, and he had wanted to come. He was blocked by his then club, Ajax.
Republican governor of New Jersey Chris Christie has not yet officially announced his plans to run for President of the United States in 2016, but based on his recent formation of a new political action committee, the odds are pretty high that he'll throw his hat into the ring alongside fellow Republican candidates Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, and Rand Paul. Unfortunately, if Governor Christie were to become the next leader of the free world, he could prove harmful to the growing cannabis movement.
During a recent interview on the “Hugh Hewitt Show,” the New Jersey Governor responded to a question about whether he would enforce federal drug laws in states that have passed legalization measures with an emphatic “Absolutely. I will crack down and not permit it.”
Added Christie, “States should not be permitted to sell and profit” from legalized cannabis.
His anti-cannabis sentiments shouldn't come as a surprise to many – Chris Christie has been a vocal critic against cannabis legalization, and New Jersey's struggling medical marijuana program seems to be constantly under fire.
At a ribbon-cutting ceremony last month, Governor Christie even went so far as to say that tax revenue generated from cannabis is “blood money”:
“I've had many taxpayers at town hall meetings who will ask me about, why not legalize marijuana to make the taxes go a little higher? To me, that's blood money. I'm not going to put the lives of children and citizens at risk to put a little more money into the state coffers, at least not on my watch.”
If anything, the legalization of cannabis has had a positive effect – the Mexican cartels causing so much violence along the border are struggling now, having lost a major cash crop. The federal government even admitted recently that cannabis has anti-tumor properties, and the Drug Enforcement Administration is not only seizing less cannabis, it's asked to increase its own legal marijuana grow by over 300% to conduct medical research.
Despite all of this progress, however, Christie seems unwilling to budge on this issue:
“…it is not an excuse in our society to say that alcohol is legal so why not make marijuana legal. … Well … why not make heroin legal? Why not make cocaine legal? You know, their argument is a slippery slope.”
It appears the governor has not done his homework. Portugal decriminalized all drugs in 2001. Yes, even heroin, even cocaine. The country stopped treating drugs as a criminal problem, instead choosing to address drug dependence as a health issue. And guess what happened? Portugal did not collapse into chaos. Instead, after the country decriminalized all drugs, the rates of drug use and abuse were cut in half and Portugal currently has the lowest percent of marijuana users of any country in the European Union at just 10% (compared to 39% in the United States).
It would seem that Governor Christie is trying to appeal to his more conservative Republican base, but alas, sir, your efforts are misguided. The latest polls actually show a surge in Republican support for legalizing cannabis – among young Republicans, 63% are in favor of legalization.
He clearly is not thinking about his constituents and what they want or need from their leader. Instead, he seems as if he's in favor of forcing us to revert back to the Dark Ages of Marijuana – alleyways, plastic baggies, and untested, unregulated cannabis from a dubious source.
Please have an open mind, Governor Christie, and evolve alongside your fellow Americans instead of trying to do everything in your power to prevent the inevitable from happening. As a politician, you represent the voice of the people, and the people are starting to speak loudly and clearly that they want to see and end to cannabis prohibition.
#JustSayKnow
photo credit: 03072015_ChrisChristie_004_3x2_1080 via photopin (license)
Tokyo Electric Power Co. officially declared Wednesday that the two reactors that suffered no major damage at the Fukushima No. 1 plant in the 2011 disaster are defunct, meaning the nation will have only 48 operable commercial reactors.
“With this decision, all of the plant's six reactors will be classified as defunct,” Tepco said in a press release following a meeting of its board. “It is extremely regrettable that we hugely betrayed the local people's trust due to the accident and are deeply ashamed of ourselves.”
Reactors 5 and 6 will be classified as defunct on Jan. 31, but instead of dismantling them, Tepco may use them as experimental facilities to support the challenging task of scrapping the three reactors that experienced meltdowns and the other one crippled by a hydrogen explosion.
The public has been demanding that Tepco scrap both the Fukushima No. 1 and nearby Fukushima No. 2 plants. The utility has not made clear what it intends to do with the four-reactor Fukushima No. 2 complex, located about 12 km south of the crisis-ridden Fukushima No. 1 facility.
As new accounting rules regarding decommissioning came into force in October, Tepco is likely to avoid booking a large extraordinary charge for the current business year through next March due to a shortfall in funds for decommissioning.
“We are currently examining the impact of the latest decision on our accounting,” Tepco said.
After the Fukushima No. 1 plant was hit by the March 11, 2011, magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami, reactors 1, 2 and 3 experienced core meltdowns. And the building housing reactor 4, which did not have fuel inside its core because it was under maintenance, was damaged by a hydrogen explosion.
But reactors 5 and 6, which were also under maintenance at the time of the earthquake, achieved cold shutdowns through the use of an emergency diesel generator that avoided flooding.
Reactors 1 to 4 were deemed defunct in April last year. In September, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited the severely damaged nuclear plant and urged Tepco to also scrap reactors 5 and 6 as well, saying the utility should focus more on the crisis cleanup efforts. Just scrapping the crippled reactors alone will take decades, and radiation levels in and around them will remain dangerous at least over that time.
Fukushima No. 1 is Tepco's first nuclear power station. It started commercial operation in 1971. Electricity supplied by the plant supported the economy after the oil crisis in the 1970s, said Tepco, which serves Tokyo and nearby areas.
Tepco is seeking to bring its remaining Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear plant in Niigata Prefecture back online to improve its tough business condition in light of the nuclear crisis.
The utility estimates that if it can restart that plant's reactors 6 and 7 as planned, it can cut between ¥240 billion and ¥330 billion annually in fuel costs for thermal power generation.
Tepco has been under effective state control after receiving a ¥1 trillion capital injection from a government-backed fund.
Don't expect to see Kimbo Slice vs. Fedor Emelianenko anytime soon.
A showdown between Bellator's cash cow and the legendary Russian heavyweight has been bandied about since the announcement of Emelianenko's New Year's Eve comeback on Spike TV, but Bellator president Scott Coker shot down the idea when presented with it Monday on The MMA Hour.
"No, no. Kimbo is a Bellator fighter," Coker said. "We have other plans for Kimbo."
Slice (5-2) propelled Bellator to its biggest ever ratings when he returned from a five-year MMA layoff and knocked out Ken Shamrock at Bellator 138. The broadcast peaked at an impressive 2.1 million viewers during the catchweight bout, which saw Slice brutally dispatch Shamrock after surviving a near-submission in the fight's early stages.
Emelianenko is widely considered to be one of the greatest fighters to ever compete in the sport. His return is tentatively slated for Dec. 31 under the banner of an unnamed Japanese organization led by former Pride FC boss Nobuyuki Sakakibara.
The card will air on tape delay on Spike TV, and it's possible the event may feature several Bellator fighters due to both promotions' relationships with Viacom.
But according to Coker, Slice is a Bellator exclusive who should be in store for a big 2016 campaign.
"We're going to fight [Slice] early next year," Coker said. "And I think next year, you're going to see Kimbo Slice fight three times in Bellator."
Slice's next opponent is "still to-be-determined," but Coker revealed that Bellator officials are "taking a close look at" booking the 41-year-old heavyweight against the winner of a Nov. 6 fight between Bobby Lashley vs. James Thompson.
Slice memorably defeated Thompson via third-round TKO in 2008, drawing peak ratings of 6.51 million viewers on CBS.
"We might take a look at maybe the winner of that fight and Kimbo," Coker said.
"I'm not promising, I'm just saying."
At last, I am in a position to help the New York Times. It's a good feeling. As anyone who has stumbled upon their website knows, our former paper of record, underscoring its insatiable appetite to provide the public with all the news that fits its agenda, prominently features a solicitation for hot tips: Got a confidential news tip? it asks. Click and amaze the world.
I have a tip, an important one, though I cannot in truth call it “confidential.” Over the last few days, in fact, it has been blazoned across the samizdat press, outlets that your typical Times reader may never have heard of, or, if he has, that he reflexively discounts.
What's it all about, Alfie? Computer hacking. A senior political figure threatening law enforcement officials. Destruction of evidence. Collusion with foreign powers. Financial corruption. Incompetence. Maladministration. Hot stuff.
Russia? Trump, Sr., Jr., or both? Nope.
It's U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), former head of the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton groupie, and, right now, the Barbie Doll in the center of (at last!) a real scandal involving a Pakistani computer guru called Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, various other family members, and the computer servers of various Democratic congressmen, including Schultz.
Last week, Awan was nabbed by the FBI at Dulles Airport trying to flee to Pakistan. His wife had already flown the coop for Lahore in March, taking $12,400 with her. (The poor thing forgot to read the fine print you see in all those travel advisories that it is a felony to transport more than $10,000 in currency without reporting it.)
Sunday is a big day of the week for The New York Times. Were you or (per impossible) I the editor of the Gray Lady, this story would have occupied a prominent place on the front page of Sunday's edition. And sure enough, there it was, above the fold . . . Oh, wait, I was mistaken. It was not DWS after all. Silly mistake. It was actually an African herder surrounded by a bunch of goats. Also above the fold was a rare Times story lambasting Donald Trump. About Wasserman Schultz and the Iwan scandal there was precisely . . . nothing.
Not that the Times has totally ignored the story. On Thursday, the paper ran a deflationary column under the headline, “Trump Fuels Intrigue Surrounding a Former I.T. Worker's Arrest.”
Isn't English wonderful? “Trump fuels intrigue” is almost neutral-sounding (almost). But what does it mean to your average Times reader? “Trump fuels,” i.e., forget about it. Nothing to see here. Move along.
Savor the opener:
For months, conservative news outlets have built a case against Imran Awan, his wife, two brothers and a friend, piece by piece. To hear some commentators tell it, with the help of his family and a cushy job on Capitol Hill, Mr. Awan, a Pakistani-American, had managed to steal computer hardware, congressional data and even—just maybe—a trove of internal Democratic National Committee emails that eventually surfaced last summer on WikiLeaks. It helped that the story seems to involve, if only tangentially, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida congresswoman who is the former chairwoman of the committee and an ally of Hillary Clinton's.
I add the boldface to highlight the tilt. Further along in the story, the Times goes full bromide: “few if any of the fundamental facts of the case have come into focus. The criminal complaint against Mr. Awan filed on Monday alleges that he and his wife conspired to secure a fraudulent loan, not to commit espionage or political high jinks.”
“Political high jinks,” eh? Cute. I think that qualifies as an example of (wait for it) floccinaucinihilipilification, “the action or habit of estimating something as worthless.” Neither espionage nor high jinks. Really, nothing but the usual noxious pabulum served up by conservative news outlets trading in fuzzy “fundamental facts.”
Right.
Yesterday at National Review, Andrew C. McCarthy laid out the case with his usual thoroughness and precision. McCarthy is the former federal prosecutor who put the Blind Sheik, the chap responsible for the first World Trade Center bombing, behind bars, a fact a mention lest you think he was just another knuckle-dragging right-wing neanderthal whom you can ignore with impunity.
Yes, when Awan was prevented from bolting, the charge levied against him was bank fraud. But as McCarthy points out, this case is not about bank fraud, any more than the case of Al Capone was about tax evasion. Bank fraud is merely the pretext, the tip of the iceberg, the McGuffin as Alfred Hitchcock might say.
Not that the McGuffin is without drama. We're talking about a fraudulent loan of 165,000 smackeroos that Awan & Co. diddled out of the Congressional Federal Credit Union, and that, McCarthy points out, was part of a $283,000 transfer that the enterprising IT expert managed to get wired from Capitol Hill. Choice detail:
He pulled it off — hilariously, if infuriatingly — by pretending to be his wife in a phone call with the credit union. Told that his proffered reason for the transfer (“funeral arrangements”) wouldn't fly, “Mrs.” Awan promptly repurposed: Now “she” was “buying property.” Asking no more questions, the credit union wired the money . . . to Pakistan.
Over the years, Awan and his sisters and his cousins and his aunts (apologies to Willie Gilbert) have also raked in some $5 million from the taxpayers for their expert IT services to various Democratic Congressmen. Most fired him back in February and March after those conservative news outlets started noting that the House security services reported that Awan & Co. were under criminal investigation. Debbie Wasserman Schultz finally fired Awan last Tuesday, the day after the FBI fingered him at Dulles Airport.
What took her so long? Well might you ask. McCarthy cuts to the chase: “This is not about bank fraud. The Awan family swindles are plentiful, but they are just window-dressing. This appears to be a real conspiracy, aimed at undermining American national security.”
Wait a minute while I get my plot thickener. In 2016, Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee wrote to the House appropriations subcommittee asking that their staffers obtain “Top Secret Sensitive Compartmented Information” clearances, spook-speak for the whole shebang. Guess who was working for many of the letter writers? Yep, Awan and his crew. Guess who the ranking member of the appropriations subcommittee was? Donald Duck? Close. Actually, it was Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Coincidence or “political high jinks”? Take your time.
It's too early to be making a Christmas lists, I know, but here's something I would really like: the stolen laptop that was found in the Rayburn House Office Building that apparently belongs to Wasserman Schultz but that Awan was using. The congresswoman really wants that back, and has even threatened the Capitol Police with “consequences” if it is not returned to her eftsoons and right speedily.
How do we explain all of this? How do we explain the smashed hard drives that were recovered from the Awans' former home last week? I think Mark Steyn is right to invoke Occam's Razor: entia non multiplicanda sunt praeter necessitatem. We can leave high jinks to one side. “Why,” Steyn asks, “did Debbie Wasserman Schultz not do as her fellow congressmen did and dump the Awan clan as no longer politically convenient” back in February? Answer: “Because she was head of the DNC and thus Awan knew too much for her to cut him loose.”
How much did he know? Steyn reports that Awan had the password to her iPad and other access codes. Some commentators have been going on for months about possible collusion between the Trump administration and the Russians. So far as I can see, that lengthy investigation has turned up nothing, but nothing of significance there. But how about the case of Awan? McCarthy ends his piece with some disquieting observations. They “had the opportunity to acquire communications and other information that could prove embarrassing, or worse, especially for the pols who hired them.” So:
Did the swindling staffers compromise members of Congress? Does blackmail explain why were they able to go unscathed for so long? And as for that sensitive information, did the Awans send American secrets, along with those hundreds of thousands of American dollars, to Pakistan?
That's my hot tip for the New York Times. I wonder whether they will think it rises to the level of “political high jinks”? Anyone wants to bet?
Stephen Colbert CBS
Last year, ABC News devoted just 13 minutes of airtime to covering climate change in its nightly and Sunday news shows — about as much as CBS's The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. This may be as much an indictment of ABC's news coverage as it is a testament to Stephen Colbert. “It is certainly notable that Colbert spent as much time as he did on climate change, given that his show is a comedy variety show," said Rutgers professor of communications Lauren Feldman. "I think it reflects a continuation of the attention he paid to the issue on The Colbert Report." Feldman explained that TV satirists are regularly pulling double duty as America's ambassadors to science — whether geeking out with Neil DeGrasse Tyson or riffing on the latest climate science. Colbert, Seth Meyers, Jon Oliver, Jimmy Kimmel, Trevor Noah and (until recently) Jon Stewart have lent valuable airtime to a vital issue that garners too little attention in traditional news programs. What's more remarkable than the sheer amount of time given over to climate change is the fact that late-night comics are actually able to make the research accessible — serving up the latest science with a side of humor.
“People watch these comedy shows in large part to be entertained. They're not there for the science. They're sometimes there for the politics,” said Feldman. Airtime on comedy shows, Feldman said, is "going to get a whole lot more people paying attention to science.” In a 2011 study, Feldman and her colleagues found that people who watched The Daily Show and The Colbert Report were more likely to follow news about science and technology—and particularly global warming. The effect was most pronounced among viewers without a college education.
People who watch The Daily Show and The Colbert Report are more likely to follow news about science, technology and global warming. This is especially true among people without a college education. Feldman, Leiserowitz, & Maibach, 2016
Authors credit a sort of bait and switch. People tune in to The Daily Show because they want to laugh, and they end up learning about climate science. The study finds that “satirical news helps information about science and the environment reach a broader swath of the American public than ordinarily seek out such information.” Unlike members of the traditional news media, comedians can have a critical voice. They are in a position to skewer climate change denial. Earlier this year, Jimmy Kimmel assembled a group of scientists to clear the air on global warming. “Unlike a lot of things, this isn't a matter of political opinion,” he said. “It's a matter of scientific opinion — in this case, overwhelming scientific opinion.” Kimmel explained that 97 percent of climate scientists affirm that humans are driving global warming. In the segment that followed, scientists spoke to the validity of their work. “We're not f--king with you,” they said.
Jon Oliver adopted a similar tactic. He lambasted news outlets that give equal time to scientists and climate deniers. “If there has to be a debate about the reality of climate change — and there doesn't — then there is only one mathematically fair way to do it,” said Oliver. He then brought out 97 scientists to spar with three climate skeptics.
According to Feldman, satirists tend to practice what they preach. In a 2013 study, she found that The Daily Show and The Colbert Report rarely brought on climate deniers as interview guests. Stewart and Colbert were more likely to feature scientists, science writers, and other environmental experts (a practice Colbert has kept up in his new job). “By virtue of the people they were interviewing about climate change, they were able to highlight other dimensions of the issue, whether it be economic implications or public health implications or some of the underlying morality issues,” said Feldman. That's not to say satire isn't without its stumbling blocks. Comedians rely heavily on sarcasm, Feldman explained, and not everyone is in on the joke. Jon Stewart might quip that climate change is a hoax because it feels cold in January. Some viewers won't understand that he's being sarcastic. On them, the humor — and the social commentary — is lost.
Feldman explained that late-night comics also tend to make light of the climate change. “I've long warned you about the dangers of global warming: melting ice caps, rising seas, reusable grocery bags,” said Colbert in a 2014 segment. And, like the traditional news media, they are prone to focus on political conflict, devoting ample time to lampooning partisan gridlock and government inaction.
The greatest shortcoming of satire, however, is that it can be divisive. To some, satire signals a shared understanding, but to others it can feel like an attack. For viewers who dismiss climate science, jokes about global warming deniers can feel alienating. “I think, fundamentally, comedy has the potential to disarm people and persuade people with different views, because of the way in which we process comedy. Our defenses are lower. We're less prone to counter-arguing,” Feldman said. “But if the humor is built on an attack on people who don't agree with you, that's not going to get us anywhere.” Feldman acknowledges that crafting comedy around climate change is no easy task. “I'm not a comedian, and I would never be any good at writing this stuff,” she said. It's hard to squeeze laughs from such a complex, frightening, and divisive issue. Jena Friedman, a comedian who worked on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and the Late Show with David Letterman, also acknowledged the difficulty of writing about climate change. “It's definitely on my mind, but I've yet to find a way to make it ‘funny,'” she said. “As a comedian, I really do believe comedy can be an effective tool at speaking truth to power, and I do try to do that.” For Feldman, this is key. Satirists can share science with viewers who might not otherwise care. Those viewers, once armed with the facts, can be more informed citizens and more critical news consumers.
While police rifle through his Paris residence, recently defeated French President Nicolas Sarkozy is vacationing in Quebec at a country abode owned by one of Canada's richest families.
Fresh off his defeat in France's June elections, Sarkozy is apparently suffering from a touch of burn out, according to a report in French magazine Le Point. The ex-President's timing is auspicious: on Tuesday, police raided his home and office as part of an investigation into illegal financing of his 2007 presidential campaign.
Sarkozy, who lost his immunity from prosecution after losing to François Hollande on June 15, faces charges that he accepted €50,000 ($63,837) from cosmetic heiress Liliane Bettencourt. The amount is significantly larger than the €4,600 ($5,873) donation limit allowed by French law, and it fueled the popular caricature of Sarkozy as a stooge to France's idle rich. (Sarkozy denied he took the donation.)
What is perhaps more interesting on this side of the Atlantic is Sarkozy's choice of accommodations. Located roughly one-hour's drive north of Montreal in Quebec's Laurentians district, the house is owned by the wealthy and discreet Desmarais family. Sarkozy is a longtime friend of patriarch Paul Desmarais, who in 1968 bought the suitably named Power Corporation and turned it into a media, insurance and investment juggernaut with 2011 revenues of just over $33 billion. (He is #248 on the Forbes list of world billionaires.) No less than three former Prime Ministers—Brian Mulroney, Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin—worked at Power during their careers. Chrétien's daughter France is married to André Desmarais, Paul's son. Sarkozy has frequently vacationed in Quebec at the behest of Paul Desmarais.
Sarkozy and Paul Desmarais, 85, reportedly met in 1995, when Sarkozy's career was slumping. The pair walked the forests and grounds of Sagard, the Desmarais palacial spread in the Charlevoix region in Quebec's hinterland. “You must get yourself together, you'll get there, we must build a strategy for you,” Sarkozy remembers Desmarais saying to him. Wealthy in both assets and contacts in French political circles, Desmarais helped guide the precocious Sarkozy into the President's office in 2007. “If today I am president, it's in part due to Paul Desmarais,” Sarkozy said in 2008.
The president certainly returned the favour. In February 2008, in a ceremony attended by Quebec Premier Jean Charest, Sarkozy bestowed on Desmarais the grand-croix de la Légion d'honneur, France's highest order. The ties run even wider: one of Sarkozy's former close advisors, Eric Le Moyne de Sérigny, was once married to Desmarais daughter, Sophie. Today, de Sérigny is himself embroiled in the campaign financing scandal.
The Sarkozy-Desmarais relationship has had profound (if largely unspoken) consequences for Canadian unity. Under Sarkozy, France abondoned its policy of “non-interference, non-indifference” to become a wholehearted ally of a united Canada. It is widely believed that this is due in large part to Desmarais, a dedicated federalist and noted scourge of the Quebec separatists. (Some of the fringe elements of the movement often point out how, as a native of Sudbury, Ontario, Paul Desmarais isn't a true Québécois.) “Indeed, I love your coutnry. I love Canada's beauty and the warmth and the generosity of its people,” Sarkozy told CanWest News in 2008.
It remains unclear how long Sarkozy will stay in Morin Heights, though if their relationship is any indication the ex-French president can count on the Desmarais clan for comfort and security, no matter what fate awaits him in Paris.
The internet is currently reeling from Gawker's dirty bomb of a story about Timothy Geithner's brother soliciting a gay escort. David Geithner, who is married with kids, allegedly tried to pay a gay porn star for sex, but backed out after it became clear the escort wanted to extort him for help with his housing situation.
The escort then went to Gawker's Jordan Sargent, who gleefully carried out the blackmail threat by publishing the story and (presumably) outing Geithner.
Geithner, a business executive at publishing company Conde Nast, gave the following statement to Gawker:
I don't know who this individual is. This is a shakedown. I have never had a text exchange with this individual. He clearly has an ulterior motive that has nothing to do with me.
Gawker's commenters—and nearly all of Twitter—seem to agree that ruining Geithner's life was excessively, baselessly cruel. Geithner is not a government official; he is not running for office; he does not have a record of hypocrisy on gay issues. The usual excuses one could propose to justify such treatment don't really apply here.
Some Gawker writers are defending the story; others are not. Natasha Vargas-Cooper, a writer for Gawker affiliate Jezebel, wrote: “Stories don't need an upside. Not everyone has to feel good about the truth. If it's true, you publish. … I'm EXTREMELY suspicious of those who do not want press to have an antagonistic relationship to people in power.”
That's a fair point, but it doesn't come close to justifying the decision to turn a family's struggles into front page news. There's just no compelling public interest here whatsoever.
In any case, the most interesting detail in the story—by far—is that the escort (referred to as Ryan) first contacted the office of Sen. Ted Cruz for assistance with his housing dispute. Ryan was evicted from his luxury apartment in 2013; he told Gawker his career as a gay porn star was to blame, though legal documents suggest his landlord objected to Ryan's dog.
Cruz did everything he could to help Ryan—possibly because the escort played up his status as a veteran afflicted with PTSD—according to Gawker:
He also sought help from his local senator, Ted Cruz. On April 7 of this year, Cruz's office sent Ryan a letter telling him that they had “initiated an inquiry” with HUD on Ryan's behalf. On May 6, Ryan received another letter from Cruz's office, stating that HUD had made a “final determination” on his case in May 2014, at which point HUD closed his case. Enclosed was a letter from a HUD field office director, stating that HUD could not initiate any further investigation into Ryan's case unless he provided “new and relevant information.” Ryan felt this response was insufficient, and that several government agencies had sided with his landlord in discriminating against him because of his sexuality. (Cruz's office has continued to stay in touch with Ryan, he tells us. He says that an employee of Cruz's called him this afternoon to say that the senator had personally called the HUD director on his behalf. It seems as if Cruz, in the midst of his Presidential campaign, sees an opportunity to help a veteran with PTSD who has been crushed by Washington bureaucracy.)
It's not every day one comes across a news story that provokes positive feelings toward Cruz, sympathy for a Geithner, and revulsion at Gawker.
*Updated on Friday, July 17, at 4:30 p.m.: Gawker has taken down the post. Publisher Nick Denton explains his reasoning here. He writes:
Senator LUDLAM (Western Australia) (16:16): I will just make some brief additional comments. I want to congratulate Senator Whish-Wilson for bringing this forward.
As Senator Whish-Wilson and Senator Milne have identified, going into trade agreements-or investors' rights agreements, as the TPP should more properly be understood-and pretending that trade issues are entirely separate to environmental or human rights issues, is a recipe for utterly amoral foreign and trade policy. That is what the government appears to be plunging us into.
As much as those on the other side of the chamber love to deride the work of the WikiLeaks publishing organisation and its beleaguered publisher and staff, we would know nothing about the progress of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement if it was not for whistleblowers from inside the trade agreement posting two of the chapters-the IP and environment draft chapters-on the WikiLeaks website. We would be operating completely in the dark.
Are we seriously proposing we would put ourselves up to be sued by foreign corporations or foreign investors on unelected international tribunals from industry sectors in countries like Brunei? This agreement needs to come to an immediate halt, and the draft text should be made public by the Australian trade negotiators. We need to know exactly who is pulling the strings-whether, as it appears from the mark-up in the draft IP chapter, we are simply doing as the US trade negotiators are demanding and traipsing along behind them, or whether we could even detect faint traces of an independent foreign and trade policy inside the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations.
We will not know, and we do not know, because the government is sitting on that text and refuses to make it public. I understand and acknowledge that other governments are doing exactly the same thing; that does not make it all right. We are blinding domestic politics and domestic populations to the consequences of deals that are not being done in our name-deals that are being done in the name of particular industry sectors and then given a kind of veneer of respectability through agreements such as this.
The idea that we would team up and allow elected Australian chambers and parliaments to be dictated to by unelected foreign tribunals, such as one the Trans-Pacific Partnership would set up, is unthinkable. These negotiations were started under the ALP, although they did, at least, have the grace to support our motion-which, I think, was introduced in joint names-to make the text of that document public. But how the Liberal and National coalition which voted against that motion can sleep at night is absolutely beyond me.
I am very interested to see Senator Cory Bernardi's view on this. He is the one who is obsessed about creeping sharia law coming into Australia and wants all sorts of things done domestically as a result, but he does not seem to mind hopping into bed with a country that would be bringing-
Senator Wright interjecting-
Senator LUDLAM: That is right, Senator Wright: as long as it is about other people. But you do not legitimise a country that appears to be bringing that for about for its own domestic population; you do not legitimise obscenities like that by signing up to trade agreements, or investors' rights agreements, with them.
We can no longer pretend that trade agreements, or investors' rights agreements, are divorced from their human consequences. That is what the TPP effectively does. That is what this amoral foreign policy and trade policy does-it delinks trade and investors' rights agreements from their environmental, human and community consequences. The day the Australian government is sued by foreign tobacco multinationals, the gas fracking industry, the atomic energy industry or forestry corporations from overseas for daring to pass laws to protect environmental values or public health and safety, it is going to be absolutely no pleasure whatsoever to stand up here and say, 'We told you so.'
The time for disclosure and transparency on this agreement is now. If you are not seeing the red flag put up about the kind of countries we are proposing to get into bed with as a result of the motion Senator Whish-Wilson has brought forward today then I have no idea what it would actually take.
With regard to Senator Faulkner's brief comments, I do not understand the distinction the Labor Party has started to draw between complex foreign policy matters and complex domestic policy matters. I do not understand it at all. We still bring motions forward in here that have life or death consequences for-
Senator Faulkner interjecting-
Senator LUDLAM: I will go back to the original speech, Senator Faulkner. I suspect it will be worth the read. Nonetheless, we deal with complex and sensitive-
Senator Faulkner: That's very generous of you!
Senator LUDLAM: I am only half joking, Senator Faulkner. I suspect it is quite a valuable contribution.
Senator Faulkner: I have heard similar things said of you.
The DEPUTY PRESIDENT: Order!
Senator LUDLAM: Thank you for calling the chamber to order, Deputy President. I am in need of your protection from Senator Faulkner. We do deal with complex and sensitive matters- (Time expired)
The DEPUTY PRESIDENT: Unfortunately you cannot get any further protection from me because your time has expired.
The question is that the motion moved by Senator Whish-Wilson to suspend standing orders be agreed to.
The Senate divided. [16:26]
(The Acting Deputy President-Senator Marshall)
Ayes 10
Noes 47
Majority 37
AYES
Di Natale, R Hanson-Young, SC
Ludlam, S Milne, C
Rhiannon, L Rice, J
Siewert, R (teller) Waters, LJ
Whish-Wilson, PS Wright, PL
NOES
Back, CJ Bernardi, C
Birmingham, SJ Brown, CL
Bullock, J.W. Bushby, DC
Cameron, DN Canavan, M.J.
Colbeck, R Collins, JMA
Dastyari, S Day, R.J.
Edwards, S Faulkner, J
Fawcett, DJ Fifield, MP
Gallacher, AM Heffernan, W
Ketter, CR Lambie, J
Lazarus, GP Leyonhjelm, DE
Lines, S Ludwig, JW
Lundy, KA Macdonald, ID
McEwen, A McGrath, J
McKenzie, B McLucas, J
Moore, CM Muir, R
Nash, F O'Neill, DM
O'Sullivan, B Peris, N
Polley, H Reynolds, L
Ruston, A Ryan, SM
Seselja, Z Sinodinos, A
Smith, D Sterle, G
Urquhart, AE (teller) Wang, Z
Williams, JR
Question negatived.
A shelf collapse at a Whitehorse liquor store last summer sent about a thousand bottles of liquor — mostly fine scotch — crashing to the floor, creating a pool of fine drink mixed with shards of glass.
Security footage of the event, obtained through Access to Information legislation, shows the sudden movement of a heavily laden shelf.
On mobile? Watch the video here
An inventory of the damage shows the loss included 17 bottles of Talisker at a retail cost of over $1,400, and eight bottles of Dalmore Cigar Malt Reserve that would have retailed for more than $1,100.
Also among the damage: bottles by Macallan, Dalwhinnie, Lagavulin, Glenlivet and some Mackinlay's Shackleton Rare Old Highland Malt, a liquor that has received five-star reviews from connoisseurs and retails for $180 a bottle.
A few months later, a new sturdier shelving unit is up, complete with the approval of a structural engineer called in to examine its sturdiness.
“It looks a lot better,” says Mark Hill, vice president of the Yukon Liquor Corp., “but it's also a lot more secure.”
Documents show that the total retail loss was $50,873.05.
But the government claimed less than half of that in insurance, because the markup for liquor is more than double the wholesale price.
"Our intent is to destroy the bottles that were not actually broken as we will not be able to ensure the products are totally clear from glass shard contamination," Geoff Dixon wrote in an email at the time. Dixon works in the purchasing and distribution section of the Yukon Liquor Corp.
According to Hill, the episode is now safely in the past.
“It's not something we ever want to see happen again.”
He says shelving units across the territory have been checked to make sure no more scotch hits the floor.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The parents of Matthew Shepard have released letters sent to them after he was killed.
Matthew Shepard was brutally murdered in 1998, shocking the US, and inspiring hate-crime laws.
He was killed in the town of Laramie, Wyoming. The town was rocked when he was robbed, beaten and left to die tied to a fence, aged 21.
His parents, Dennis and Judy Shepard were written to by people across the US following Matthew's death.
Those who wrote letters include then President Bill Clinton, and civil rights leader Coretta Scott King.
“The epidemic brutality that took your son's life and has caused so much pain to your family must be confronted and stopped,” wrote Mrs. King.
“Americans of conscience must work a lot harder to eliminate this sick culture of violence that threatens even our best and brightest.”
The Shepards launched the Matthew Shepard Foundation shortly after their son's death, and this year released a trove of letters.
Although the Matthew Shepard Foundation was founded shortly after his death, the letters were only released this year, almost 18 years after his murder.
See below a small selection of the letters:
Scottish National Party candidate Carol Monaghan, center, campaigns in the Hyndland area of Glasgow, Scotland, on March 31, 2015. (LIan MacNicol/AFP via Getty Images)
The result of this week's British election brings to mind the traditional refrain from “The Bonnie Banks O'Loch Lomond”: “O ye'll take the high road, and I'll take the low road, and I'll be in Scotland afore ye” — and in more ways than one. In addition to the narrow majority of parliamentary seats it delivered to the Conservative Party under David Cameron, the big news of the election was the victory of the Scottish National Party, which secured 56 of the 59 seats north of the English border.
As Scottish commentators like to observe, there are now more pandas in Scotland (two) than members of Parliament from the Conservative, Labor or Liberal Democratic parties (one each). This result will fuel demands for a constitutional change to deprive Scottish MPs of the power to vote on legislation that applies only to England, thereby reviving calls in Scotland for another referendum on independence. In the face of such geographic polarization, it is unclear how long the Kingdom can remain United.
However, the election is also notable for what it says about how parties win elections in the climate of slow growth, now common to all the developed democracies. Advised by Jim Messina, President Obama's former campaign manager, the British Conservative Party ran a campaign based heavily on the politics of fear.
The rate of economic growth in Britain only recently regained its 2009 level, a sluggish response that many analysts attribute to spending cuts under the Conservatives. Based on a slight uptick over the past year, however, the central message of the Conservative campaign was this: Britain is recovering; don't let another Labor government ruin it.
Hoping to capture the electoral middle ground, the Labor Party bought into the rhetoric of austerity, promising to hold the line on welfare spending and reduce the public-sector deficit, albeit at a slower pace than the Conservatives. But, under Ed Miliband, the party also ran on issues of inequality. Demands for social justice figured prominently in his campaign, as did promises to increase spending on public services and taxes on the wealthy.
Judging by the results, which saw Labor secure barely 30 percent of the vote against 37 percent for the Conservatives, the politics of fear trumped the politics of inequality — despite significant increases in income inequality in Britain over recent years. Moreover, as both parties ran neck and neck in the final weeks of the campaign, Cameron upped the ante by claiming that a minority Labor government would move even farther to the left to secure SNP support in Parliament. A late surge in electoral support for the Conservatives suggests that this message hit home. Issues of inequality may not resonate with voters, even in an era of rising inequality.
Of course, there are idiosyncratic aspects to all elections. Although Miliband's personal popularity surged during the campaign, he was never especially liked by voters, and the SNP won by taking Labor seats in Scotland. But this election underscores how politics in an era of economic austerity differs from the politics of prosperity.
Two of the key planks in the Conservative platform were resolute opposition to increasing immigration and the commitment to hold a referendum on Britain's membership in the European Union. The U.K. Independence Party also secured 12 percent of the vote by running on these issues. Both evoke fears about the economic effects of globalization, seen as a process of deeper international integration that might move jobs abroad or bring cheaper labor in to compete for the jobs that remain at home.
But strong support for UKIP and the Conservatives in localities where there are relatively few immigrants and among those who are retired shows that these are not simply economic issues but emotive ones that evoke a resurgent, if inward-looking, nationalism. Nationalism was central to the appeal of both the SNP and the Conservative Party. In the English case, especially, it was a defensive nationalism, wary about the influence of foreign powers and worried about foreigners in the country. Such concerns are the natural complement to a politics of fear.
Does this mean that political parties cannot run successfully on issues of inequality even in an era of inequality? Not necessarily. The SNP and Greece's Syriza have managed to do so, albeit married to a nationalism focused on the depredations of foreign powers. But this election suggests that, in times of slow economic growth and stagnant incomes, many people are more concerned about what they might lose than about issues of economic fairness, more or less in line with the ‘endowment effect' familiar to behavioral economics. And, in an era of globalization, many who might otherwise be attracted by policies of redistribution may be distracted by fears about what foreigners might do to their livelihood or culture. This is the new politics with which all the developed democracies must now cope.
Peter Hall is Krupp Foundation Professor of European Studies at Harvard University and co-director of the CIFAR Program on Successful Societies.
*Update: I received my second gift from my SS! It's called Bloody Brains soap and it looks really cool. It goes awesome with my zombie shower curtain :D Thanks again SS!!
So, funny story, my husband walks in with a package from a company I had no recollection of ordering something from. I freaked out a little bit because my sister in law had gotten a weird package in the mail from some scam company that stole her information and if she didn't send it back she would get charged for it. After some investigation, I found the company's phone number and proceeded to call them. It was then that I found out it was the gift from my SS and then I felt so stupid. Thanks for the shirt SS :)
Not all is well at the State Department. The administration has taken some well-deserved criticism for its slowness in appointing key political personnel. But that doesn't explain the media's sustained assault on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE, who is pounded by pundits and battered by bad press on a near daily basis. You can chalk it up, in part, to today's hyper-partisan political environment, where taking potshots at the administration has become a popular sport. It arises partly, too, as a reaction to Tillerson's unconventional “take” on the role of the nation's chief diplomat.
But Tillerson's biggest problem appears to be his “aberrant” desire to shake-up Foggy Bottom. Nothing more upsets D.C.'s glitterati — the career politicians, the upper-echelon bureaucrats, and the reporters and commentators who rub shoulders with them for a living — than someone bent on roiling the status quo. And Tillerson is serious about making deep, institutional reforms at the State Department, the most glamorous department in all of Washington.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's also one of the most politicized, feather-bedded and incoherently organized departments in the nation's capital. Tillerson is working hard to change all that. He should be getting cheers, not jeers. Consider, for example, the “special envoys” strewn throughout the agency. These appointed officials don't work within the national or regional desk system typical of the department.
Rather, they each have a “mission-oriented portfolio,” or special diplomatic mission, with the entire world as their playground. They get their own staffs and their own budgets. And if a special envoy's mission is unnecessary or outdated, if it overlaps and duplicates functions provided by other State Department desks… So what? They're “special,” so they get to play ambassador whether they're making any demonstrable progress toward advancing America's interests or not.
During the Obama administration, special envoys multiplied like rabbits. Eliminating or consolidating many of these posts can streamline the department significantly, reducing waste and improving the coherence of agency functions. Take, for example, diplomacy with North Korea. This has not been a stellar success for any of the last several administrations, and a dangerous reality dramatically underlined this week when Kim Jong-un lobbed another missile over Japan.
Yet the State Department still houses a special envoy for the Six-Party Talks. Those were the talks designed to convince Pyongyang to give up its nuclear programs. And the last such “talk” took place nearly a decade ago. In truth, the Six-Party Talks between North and South Korea, the United States, Japan, China and Russia were, in the words of former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton, nothing more than a “charade.” Nothing ever came of them. The envoy was, effectively, just a diplomatic placebo.
It's time to get back to realism. If the Six-Party Talks ever become a serious diplomatic tool, then the president can appoint another envoy. Until then, why waste the space at the State Department? Tillerson has offended D.C.'s status quo by asking that question repeatedly. After all, there are nearly 70 “special envoys” or “special representatives” peppered throughout the diplomatic service.
On Tuesday, we learned his answer. The Trump administration informed Congress that it has decided to eliminate nine such positions, while some 26 others will be folded or integrated into existing lanes or positions at the State Department. Gone will be the “special envoy for climate change” and the “special representative for the Arctic region.” Their functions and staffs will be assumed by the Bureau of Oceans and International and Scientific Affairs.
The title of “special envoy for conflict diamonds” will be removed. A deputy assistant secretary in the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs will handle that portfolio. Completely eliminated, along with the Six-Party Talks envoy, will be the position and functions of the “transparency coordinator,” “special advisor for global youth,” and the “personal representative for Northern Ireland issues.”
Northern Ireland Issues? The Good Friday Agreement stopped large-scale violence between Protestants and Catholics in Northern Ireland nearly 20 years ago. Tillerson's action signals that Milton Friedman's famous dictum that “nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program,” may finally no longer hold. And the keepers of the status quo find that highly disturbing.
In a letter to Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.), chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Tillerson noted that the reforms will do more than save money and streamline operations. These integrations also help “address concerns that under the current structure, a special envoy or representative can circumvent the regional and functional bureaus that make up the core of the State Department.” Tillerson's shakeup is long overdue. His attackers are stuck in a wasteful world of dysfunctional diplomacy.
James Jay Carafano is a vice president at The Heritage Foundation, where he directs the think tank's research on international relations. Mike Gonzalez is a senior fellow in the Davis Institute for National Security and Foreign Policy at The Heritage Foundation.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
As a college student, I spent part of a summer teaching health and sanitation to schoolchildren in a mountain village in Guatemala. The knowledge was needed; the situation was desperate. But after the first day I learned an important lesson about the limitations of our work. To improve the health and wellbeing of a community, the education of children is helpful. But the education of mothers—those who inculcate values and practices into the hearts and minds of the next generation—is vital.
Experience and study in the years that followed confirmed that reality over and over again. A mother's implementation of ordinary, daily practices of health and safety make her the central influence in preserving and nurturing life. A mother's use of language in ordinary interactions expressing, explaining, and questioning make her the most significant influence in a child's cognitive development. And a mother's sensitivity and responsiveness to emotion make her the foundation of a child's social-emotional strength. That is why her education matters so much. In critical ways, it is continuously woven into the hearts, minds, and bodies of her children.
But a recent highly publicized argument suggests that primarily nurturing the next generation may actually be a waste of her education, especially for women who graduate from premier institutions. Kelly Goff argues that women with elite degrees who choose to be stay-at-home moms are misusing their educations. For Goff, “advancing the lives of her own family at home is a noble cause, but not one requiring an elite degree.” These women have an obligation to “stay in the workplace and shatter glass ceilings.”
Goff's argument is shortsighted. While acknowledging the need for women's distinctive voice in the public sphere, it buys into a narrow, one-sided view of influence and power. Using Jean Elshtain's poignant words, Goff champions “the new woman as the old man!” By embracing the terms of influence and power created by men, she fails to challenge a society that downgrades the unparalleled contributions of women who have nurtured generations.
In response to Goff, Princeton alumna and stay-at-home mom, Anne-Marie Maginnis, pointedly asks, “If a woman at home doesn't need an elite degree does she need a college degree? A high school degree? At what point is a woman not worth educating at all?” Goff's perspective “completely disregards the inherent worthiness of educating a human mind.” Most importantly, Maginnis continues, it ignores the most meaningful way in which stay-at-home moms use their degrees – to invest the best they have received, including their education, in the nurture of those who will lead the next generation as mothers, fathers, public servants, writers and artists, scientists and business leaders – those whose development the future entirely depends upon.
I grew up hearing my mother quote women's advocate Edith Hunter: “Educated woman in the home? What an odd thing to deplore! What better place to have us end up? What more important job is there than sharing the values we are learning with the next generation of adults? What more strategic place could there be for an educated woman?”
We knew Mom believed it because she lived it. She gave her life to imbue us with the finest and best she had developed. Her love of poetry translated into helping us memorize hundreds of her favorite poems. Her understanding and love of history and geography translated into countless conversations exposing us to events and issues involving people all over the world — conversations facilitated by exploring the maps she kept on our dinner table. Her well-developed piano skills translated into thousands of hours helping us develop the ability to share the inspiring music we learned to love because of her.
But all along we knew it was not our academic and musical achievements she cared most about. It was about our capacity to care and serve; the character we developed through the commitment and tenacity required to develop those skills; and the lives we would lead as teachers, nurses, musicians, fathers and mothers.
There are many mothers today who are employed for more hours than they would like to be; mothers who yearn to give more of themselves to the children whose worth they know most intimately. And there are many stay-at- home mothers who wonder if their investment really matters. We would do more for all women if we strengthened them in doing what they do so effectively – to use their unparalleled influence in the development of those whose wellbeing everything that really matters depends upon.
The Affected Provincial's Companion, Vol. 1 Well what can I say about this one without giving too much away? It's a little gem that most people will probably overlook, and others won't have the opportunity to pick up, although they may greatly want to. As stated by other reviewers, don't attempt to read this all-in-one sitting. An essay a day is the more realistic approach, although even then there comes a point where you'll need a break and something different to get your mind off of it. It's a
The Affected Provincial's Companion, Vol. 1 Well what can I say about this one without giving too much away? It's a little gem that most people will probably overlook, and others won't have the opportunity to pick up, although they may greatly want to. As stated by other reviewers, don't attempt to read this all-in-one sitting. An essay a day is the more realistic approach, although even then there comes a point where you'll need a break and something different to get your mind off of it. It's a wonderfully satirical piece that still has some honest and rather serious undertones to it, something that you won't find often. It's difficult to describe just what exactly is inside so if you come across this book do give it a chance. It's really a one-of-a-kind product of a unique man's imagination and wonderful personality.
Hanif Abdurraqib's They Can't Kill Us Until They Kill Us is a mesmerizing and deeply perceptive essay collection. Most of the essays are about music--covering Johnny Cash, Migos, Carly Rae Jepsen, Chance the Rapper, and many more--particularly live music, touching on how it acts as a balm in a time of fear and pain. Abdurraqib picks 10 essential music books.
The music book can take many forms: biography, collection of musings, oral history, or even the often ill-fated autobiography, where a musician attempts to set ego aside and tell the facts as they were. What I find myself most looking for in a music book is not that which I wish I could have written, but that which makes me wish I was alive at the heart of the moment being archived. When I was younger, I got most of my in-depth music knowledge from books. Biographies, mostly, but also essays. I would scour the internet for old articles about bands that I couldn't find anywhere else. It was the way I found out secrets, facts, and histories of bands I loved, but didn't know the real stories of. Here are ten music books that shaped my knowledge of the songs I love, and I hope you enjoy them.
10. Gunshots in My Cook-Up: Bits and Bites from a Hip-Hop Caribbean Life by Selwyn Seyfu Hinds Growing up, the Source magazine was pretty much the only magazine that came to my home, courtesy of my older brother's subscription. The Source was an effective way for me to keep up on hip-hop's ever-changing world from the comfort of the Midwest, where I lived. In this book, Hinds–who served as editor-in-chief of the magazine during its '90s heyday–writes about how he fell in love with hip-hop and the places it took him. It is deeply candid and sometimes sharp and bitter in its honesty, not sparing the magazine or the genre itself. But underneath its thorough critical lens is a simple love story: a person falling in love with music over a lifetime, and learning to not let it go.
9. Trouble Boys: The True Story of the Replacements by Bob Mehr There is a lot to get wrong when tackling the massiveness of a large biographical project. Though I'm not opposed to it, the writer who allows themselves to be the center of the biography has to do it with a smart touch, and that sometimes goes awry. Here, Mehr lets the massive amount of research and all-new interviews (and brilliant new photos) do the work. The Replacements were an enigma, and this book doesn't crack their code. But it isn't meant to. If anything, Mehr does the work of making them both more puzzling and more enticing.
7. Meet Me in the Bathroom: Rebirth and Rock and Roll in New York City 2001-2011 by Lizzy Goodman I'm partial to this book, not only because Goodman charts a brilliant map through indie rock in New York City after the post-9/11 music scene shifted, but also because of the recent timing of it. A book that I can remember living through, and don't feel like I'm reaching back towards. I lived this era from afar, and through her outstanding crafting of this book, Goodman makes me feel like I was there the whole time.
6. Can't Stop Won't Stop by Jeff Chang This portrait of early-era hip-hop does well to consider all angles. Beyond the musicians, the book is populated with graffiti artists, and dancers, and activists, and even gang members. Chang not only deeply researched this project but was unafraid to task hip-hop with what it is: a political force–an object in the musical universe wielding a lot of power. It's a thorough book and a long read, but one that is worthwhile as both an entry point to the genre and also a constant refresher.
5. Never Mind the Bollocks: Women Rewrite Rock by Amy Raphael I found this book in a bargain bin at a bookstore in maybe 2002, and I needed it then, when rock in my particular corner of the world felt like something that was only a boys' club. The book is a series of interviews and oral histories that read more than monologues with '90s icons like Courtney Love, Kim Gordon, Liz Phair, and The Raincoats. Because Raphael is so scarcely present in the interviews, the book reads as if all of the brilliance is in the room together at once, having some kind of rock and roll reunion.
4. Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk by Legs McNeil and Gillian McCain This is here largely for the ride it takes you on. The great thing about Oral Histories is that you only have the words of the players, and nothing else. No author coloring the narrative. Please Kill Me is kind of a whirlwind of stories from Punk's history from about 1975 until the early '90s, charting a path from London to the New York scene. It is at times comical, but largely heartbreaking–particularly in the moments (and there are a few) when it details the mourning of someone like Johnny Thunders, a brilliant light put out too soon.
4. Mystery Train: Images of America in Rock 'N' Roll Music by Greil Marcus I think any book by Greil Marcus could have been here, but I like Mystery Train for how wide it stretches, and how easy Marcus makes his connections between music and culture look. There are songs, and then there's Greil Marcus's America, and he never fails to pull the two together with his bare hands.
3. The First Collection of Criticism by a Living Female Rock Critic by Jessica Hopper These are essays, interviews, and reviews–criticism spanning nearly 20 years of Hopper's brilliant career as a critic. But there's also prose and edges of poetry here, like in an open letter to Sufjan Stevens, which has my favorite opening of all time: Dear Sufjan, I enjoy your new album about my city and state, and I enjoy your marriage of the ecclesiastic and the vaguely erotic. I am wondering if you are available, one day in the future when you are less busy being a newly famous Christian troubadour, to drive around Chicago and listen to “Sweet Thing” by Van Morrison over and over, and see who cries first, you or me.
2. Rip It Up: The Black Experience in Rock ‘N' Roll by Kandia Crazy Horse I admired this book for years when looking for a language with which to explain the roots of black music. Kandia Crazy Horse traces rock and roll to black music, of course. But then takes a step further into blues, into soul, into gospel. The book leans on black rock musicians like Lenny Kravitz, Venetta Fields, and Slash, and it presents them matter-of-factly. Black people playing the music they were born into.
Campaigners say survey's findings give government 'a mandate to be bold' ahead of Budget.
Taxation: Proposals could raise £300m for public services (file pic). Dave Dugdale
Six out of ten Scots say they would be prepared to pay more in tax if the cash raised went on improving public services or tackling inequality.
Research by polling company Survation found 60% said they would "personally be willing to pay more tax" - with only 15% opposed.
The research, carried out for campaigning organisation 38 Degrees, was released a week before finance secretary Derek Mackay will reveal his Budget plans for next year to the Scottish Parliament.
There is widespread speculation Mr Mackay will raise taxes for better-off Scots, using powers Holyrood has over income tax rates and bands.
Survation's research showed 61% are in favour of proposals which could raise £200m by raising taxes on higher earners while cutting the amount paid by lower-income Scots.
More than 16,000 people have signed a petition from 38 Degrees calling for such a change.
Gordon Maloney, a campaigner with the group in Scotland, said: "These results show the public have come down on the side of bold tax reform to help fund Scotland's public services.
"With the vast majority backing tax rises for better treatment in our hospitals, education for our children and a more equal society - and almost two in three Scots willing to personally pay more - the government has a mandate to be bold.
"MSPs can either be ambitious on tax reform and receive the public's backing - or they can kowtow to the interests of the very richest."
A Scottish Government spokeswoman said: "The serious economic threat posed by Brexit, coupled with continuing UK Government austerity following the UK Government's budget earlier this week, means we are seeing increasing pressure on our public services, and the time is right for a discussion about how we protect these vital services.
"That is why we have started a conversation, including the publication of our discussion paper, to look at how best to use our income tax powers, with the principles of fairness and protecting those on the lowest incomes at the heart of our considerations.
"Following this careful and detailed discussion, we will publish a balanced package of tax and spending proposals as part of the draft budget on December 14."
Get this: Comcast receives 25 complaints per day according to the Federal Communications Commission. That translates to more than 9,000 registered complaints to the FCC each year, including many complaints about Comcast's violations of net neutrality. The Better Business Bureau lists over 35,000 complaints about Comcast within the last three years. As expected, most of the complaints go unresolved:
Consumer Affairs lists over 3,000 complaints about Comcast (date range unspecified) . It's difficult to determine how many unregistered complaints Comcast receives, but we know it's a lot. The 2015 American Customer Satisfaction Index surveyed 70,000 customers of consumer products and Comcast was ranked last within Internet Service Providers:
In the same ACSI survey, people ranked ISPs dead last for customer service relative to all industries surveyed:
So suffice to say, Comcast was the worst of the worst in customer service.
Comcast Cares?
In response to the constant negative publicity, Comcast continues to tout its community efforts in the form of “Comcast Cares Day” which was launched in 2001. According to Charisse Lillie , President, Comcast Foundation in Community Investment
“Comcast Cares Day . . . gives all of us the chance each spring to give back even more to the communities we support year-round.” In 2015, Comcast Cares Day mobilized more than 100,000 people to serve for 4 million total hours.
In spite of this negative perception, Comcast is the American market leader in pay TV services with a 22% market share. If Comcast “cares” about its communities and 22 million Americans choose to subscribe to their services, why do people hate Comcast so much?
I'll tell you why. Many would say it's because Comcast is not who they say they are. Comcast wants to sell you this image:
But evidence would suggest this is who they really are:
Their indifference to customer complaints and apparent unethical business behavior make Comcast Cares Day look more like Phillip Morris anti-smoking campaigns than a step towards community improvement. Let's take a look at some real life customer experiences that exemplify how much Comcast really “cares.”
Real Customer Experiences with Comcast (Complaints in 2015)
#1 Lisa Brown, a volunteer for a missions organization in Spokane, WA, had a billing problem with Comcast, her local cable provider. When she tried to cancel her cable service, she got referred to one of the company's “retention specialists,” who apparently didn't like being told “no”. “I was never rude,” she told Elliott. “It could have been that person was upset because I didn't take the offer.” The name on their next bill was changed from her husband's name, Ricardo, to “Asshole” Brown.
#2 Mary Bauer, 63, of Addison, Ill. says her cable continually kept shutting off, and she had to keep calling to get it fixed. “I had 39 technicians here from November to April,” she said.
Someone along the way, Mary says, finally got it right, but then she says her bills stopped showing up – four months in a row.
“I was nice enough to call them to ask how much I owe,” she said. “I was little hot and a little angry because I never got good service.” But she says she didn't swear or call them names.
It was not an usual complaint, but when Mary got her bill today…
“It says Super B—- Bauer,” she said. “This is a disgrace to me. Why are they doing this to me? I pay my bills. I do not deserve this.”
#3 God forbid you want to disconnect your service. Engadget co-founder Ryan Block posted a recording of his 18-minute attempt to cancel his Comcast cable service over the phone in July. In this legendary call, a desperate Comcast rep insisted that he return his Cablecard in person and give reasons for canceling the service, and he grew shriller with each workaround that Block tried to suggest. You gotta hear this recording:
#4 Tim Davis (a pseudonym) posted a 14-minute video detailing how the company promised him he wouldn't be charged for something, charged him anyway, and then refused to undo the charges until Davis revealed that he had recorded the initial call. “What have we learned today?” Davis asks at the end of the video. “Well for one thing, always record your calls with big companies. Especially ones that don't give a f—” about you, like Comcast.”
#5 Mike of Pittsburgh, PA on Oct. 9, 2015 states in his own story he and his fiance went with Comcast for cable and internet. The tech came on the requested date, but after he left, the internet wasn't working. Not only that, he left the wrong remote TV remote and they weren't receiving HD channels. After 2 weeks (11 hours of phone time), the HD situation was fixed, but they still didn't have internet or the right controller.
#6 Here's a story from Maddy of Littleton, CO on Oct. 13, 2015:
I absolutely DREAD calling Comcast to activate my equipment, every time I have to do it. I cancelled my cable service because I didn't wanna deal with it but my new place has it included in rent. 🙁 So I call, and my fiance and I got disconnected FIVE TIMES! He has AT&T and I have Verizon. We both had full bars and we're getting disconnected. Pretty sure that was Comcast's end. Every time we got disconnected, nobody bothered to call us back except for the very last person we spoke to. It feels like you just talk in circles every time you calm them and it's so nauseating. “Is everything connected properly, what is the serial number, I'm gonna send a signal, I'm going to try to reset it, what does your screen look like, is it on the right input, is everything connected properly, I'm gonna send a signal, I'm going to reset it, what does your screen look like? Is it on the right input?” Over and over until they just decide they're going to send out a tech to fix it which costs anywhere from $30-$50 to fix their ** equipment. I had to drive to Comcast twice to get a new box and was in tears because of how frustrating it was. I would never recommend Comcast. ** customer service, ridiculously expensive prices, for ** equipment and ** internet connection.
Where Bad Customer Service Meets High Prices
Abraham Lincoln once said that Washington D.C. is a city in which “Northern hospitality meets Southern efficiency”. Little did he know that he was actually talking about Comcast. They're the company where bad customer service meets high prices. In most industries, you take the bad with the good. For example, utility companies are slow to respond, but at least your pricing remains affordable (and stable). You might think the U.S. Postal Service retail locations are painful to visit, but they generally deliver your mail on time for a fair price. Not so with Comcast.
It seems that Comcast tries to lure you into thinking they are a “community partner,” yet they attack other companies within the TV industry like Netflix by slowing down their internet speeds and devouring smaller Internet Service Providers. Don't get me started on Comcast's abuse of Net Neutrality. Or Comcast's lobbying efforts which includes contributing money against then-incumbent mayor Mike McGinn in the 2013 Seattle mayoral election because he proposed gigabit fiber which would compete with Comcast.
In short, Comcast combines the worst facets of all worlds. They have the customer service of a government-regulated utility and the pricing of a monopoly. And the complaints show it.
Many “alleged” Christians fail to see typical Christian responses to evil in the world. In the haste to stop the killing of 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, thousands of Christians signed up to go and fight. But closely scrutinize who says Christians stood back and watched in silence.
Few mention Pope Pius XXII's secret actions to transport as many Christians as possible out of Nazi Germany, or the hundreds of Catholics that worked tirelessly to save as many Jews and Christians from death camps, or even Saint Maximilian Kolbe who traded his life for a citizen incarcerated in a death camp.
Those “kangaroo” Christians seem to forget who came up with the Emancipation Proclamation (Lincoln{Christian}), or a Congress of mostly Christian Republicans who passed the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution—mainstays for all Blacks today. The writer remembers Catholic Archbishop Joseph Rummel excommunicating three segregationists (1962) for refusing to integrate church schools in Louisiana.
Starting in 1981, the perfect solution was devised for the oncoming crisis of HIV/AIDS, much of which was transpiring in the Black community. A Nobel laureate couldn't have come up with a better solution—total fidelity in marriage, and no sex with anyone but your marriage partner. Many ignore that advice.
Shockingly, many have molded “enhanced interrogation techniques” with “torture”. There's a huge difference–as well as a major definition variance–they don't want to talk about.
Torture involves extreme physical pain or even death, such as the cutting off of appendages, gouging of eyes, use of shredders to the body, electrical shock—you name it. Blood is usually involved.
But water boarding, only done on 3 prisoners in the US, is probably the most “enhanced” of the techniques. Because of the conditions of the test, there was no pain, no blood, no death—only fear. As a result, hundreds maybe thousands, were saved from certain death from terrorists during the “Second Wave”–an assault intended for a high rise on the West Coast, but thwarted by the information gained from water boarding those three terrorists.
Interestingly, all three terrorists are walking around today with their digits intact, tongues attached, and none the worse physically or mentally.
It's likely even Jesus would have OK'd water boarding if it had saved his Mom. He would've done the same to save his Dad, or any one of His disciples. For that matter, He even died to save all humans.
It's obvious He would not be happy with those who voted for the candidate who kills because it's above his “pay grade” to know if they're alive. Checking the Commandments, killing innocents is against the 5th. Because pro-aborts don't know for sure life does not exist at conception, they are still willing to risk that it's not killing.
———————————————————————————————————–
Kevin Roeten can be reached at [email protected]
Peter Beagle recently lost his apartment as a result of abuse by his ex manager, Connor Cochran.
“I just found out that due to some influence his last agent had over his lease that Peter S. Beagle lost his home and is now in substandard housing…”
Cochran watched this happens while enriching himself with movie shows that pay Peter nothing. Where does Last Unicorn sale money go? It pays Cochran's lawyers to attack Peter, deny his rights and delay justice. Meanwhile Peter is forced to have a fundraiser sale.
In the latest money grab for Cochran's scam operation, The Last Unicorn movie played in one Florida theater on 3/27/16. Fans were misled to ask if Peter would appear, without knowing about his lawsuit against those profiting from the show. But the wrongdoing can't be suppressed. Media watchdogs have picked up the story and are carrying it where it needs to go – to the awareness of every fan.
From VICE: “The Sad, Strange Legal Battles of ‘Last Unicorn' Author Peter S. Beagle”. The Onion A.V. Club: “The Last Unicorn author locks legal horns with his manager”.
You can help. Share these articles on social media and add hashtags #LastUnicorn and #TakeBackTheUnicorn. (Share sources: Facebook, Twitter 1, Twitter 2). Also thank the journalist and ask for more coverage of the wider story about cheating against Peter's fans.
@VICE sad indeed. would be interesting follow up to see how many fans were charged for products that they never received from this publisher — Rachel Beckman (@rachabeck) March 26, 2016
The elder abuse revealed by Peter's lawsuit shows that fame and devotion is no guarantee of safety. Mickey Rooney and Harper Lee had similar stories about them.
apparently Peter S. Beagle, author of the Last Unicorn, has been defrauded by some dickhead named Connor Cochran https://t.co/0PATVmab5v — e l i z a (@3liza) February 26, 2016
the public assumption that famous artists are rich is calculated to obscure the way artists and their works are exploited by capitalists fyi — e l i z a (@3liza) February 26, 2016
Readers call “bullshit” on Cochran.
After Peter was abused, Cochran's countersuit doubled down with a heinous attack at Peter's girlfriend. He pretends she's a gold-digger in their 17 year relationship. It's a strategic smokescreen and punishment to emotionally defeat Peter, cut him off from support, and keep him under Cochran's thumb. In Cochran's bully mind, he's yanking the choke chain on a disobedient dog. It's the pattern the caused Peter's lawsuit:
41 Defendant Cochran deliberately defamed Beagle, not just to the public or to business associates, but specifically to his children and to his close personal friends. He refused to stop including Beagle's children and friends on his emails to Beagle, despite repeated requests to do so. On one such email, dated June 23, Cochran claimed that he didn't “have any reason to make stuff up”, but this is clearly not true. As long as Beagle could be portrayed as an ill, incompetent, and alcoholic old man to his family and friends, Beagle would lack their support at a time when he was in critical need.
With all of the evidence of Cochran's wrongdoing, nobody on any of the links has fallen for claims against the girlfriend. He's struck out after years of lying and manipulation. Peter's fight is winning. Here's what readers really think.
These readers nail it.
This one nails it, too.
“The other side of the story is very deceptive and all sourced from the manager. It's known that the children were not part of the movie tour. Peter Beagle's internet presence and facebook and Twitter pages are owned by his manager, and there's been a high amount of deletion of comments. Meanwhile all of the other complaints and lawsuits against the manager outweigh the excuses by a huge amount. It really is a story with a right side and a wrong side. Copying a top post to the VICE piece on social media – Beagle's lawsuit was reinforced by another lawsuit at the same time by the Last Unicorn Movie Tour investors. His manager stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from them too, and he refused to tell them where it went. LA Superior Court case BC605386. This story has a clear villain and a clear victim. Nobody has a bad word to say about Peter Beagle. His manager Connor Cochran has a decades long reputation for scams and fraud. Just google it. Cochran claims Beagle is crazy, like many other targets he called crazy to get away with cheating them. But Beagle's lawsuit gives medical exhibits that he's in excellent health for his age. Cochran also is targeting Beagle's life partner with legal attacks that claim she's a gold digger. She's been with Beagle for 17 years since before there was any gold. It's an absurdly flimsy hit tactic/smokescreen. You can read the entire lawsuit at Beagle's support site. http://supportpeterbeagle.com/wordpress2/ Please update this in a while because Cochran sure isn't going to avoid paying huge damages. It takes a lot of attention for the audience who have been following all the shifting stories and lying about his scamming, but just read the piles of horror stories to get informed.”
Nice hashtag here – it deserves to be shared.
Poll: Clinton leads Trump by double digits in Colorado
CLOSE A Quinnipiac University poll has good news for Trump in Florida and Pennsylvania. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Hillary Clinton has a double-digit lead in Colorado in a Monmouth University poll out Wednesday.
Clinton had 48% support of likely Colorado voters, while Donald Trump had 35%. Libertarian Gary Johnson had 5% and Green Party's Jill Stein had 3%. Seven percent of those polled said they were undecided, and 3% have another candidate in mind.
Nine out of 10 self-identified Democrats said they supported Clinton (93%), while 3% said they were backing Trump and 1% said they wanted a third-party candidate. Self-identified Republicans are a bit more split — 78% backed Trump, while 9% supported Clinton, 4% said they liked Johnson and 3% supported someone else.
Clinton also held the lead with independent voters, 40% to Trump's 28%. Johnson hit double digits with independents (10% backed him), while 5% went for Stein and 6% supported another candidate.
Clinton leads in almost every demographic, expect with men, with whom Trump holds a very slight (within the margin of error) lead.
Hillary Clinton greets the audience after speaking at the Richard Rodgers Theatre following a special performance of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" on July 12, 2016, in New York City. (Photo: Yana Paskova, Getty Images)
Clinton had 56% support from women, to Trump's 30%. Voters under age 50 prefer Clinton, 51% to 26%. She also led with Hispanic, black and Asian voters, 66% to 15%, and white voters, 44% to 38%. Her lead is smaller with voters over age 50, 45% to 42%, and Trump has a bit more support than her among men, 40% to 39% — although those numbers are both within the margin of error.
“Clinton does better among practically every demographic in Colorado than she does nationally. It is way too early to call, but if this dynamic holds, she could end up with the largest electoral margin for a Democrat here since 1964,” said Patrick Murray, director of the independent Monmouth University Polling Institute.
The telephone poll was conducted July 9-12 of 404 Colorado residents. The margin of error is plus or minus 4.9 points.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29CfkeT
When a soldier is stationed at the furthest human outpost in the galaxy, he's confronted with an incredible challenge: staying alive in a meaningless existence, hoping to one day be promoted to a better location.
Joe M. McDermott's new short novel The Fortress at the End of Time is a thoughtful investigation of how people cope when their lives are put on hold, and a brilliant analysis of technology, faith, and the point where they meet. The Fortress at the End of Time is set in a far future in which humanity has expanded across the galaxy and battled a vicious (and unexplained) enemy. The war is long over, and humanity has secured a few hundred planets. Each planet is colonized via “ansibles” which supply and populate Earth's growing colonies.
The ansible is a long-established science fiction fixture created by Ursula K. Le Guin in 1966, usually represented as an instantaneous communication device. But McDermott's ansible is essentially a replicator, which allows for the instantaneous duplication of an object or person.
The story begins when Captain Ronaldo Aldo, an astro-navigational officer for Earth's military, confesses to committing a terrible (but unnamed) crime. The rest of the novel covers the events leading up to the confession, beginning with Aldo's graduation from War College and his assignment to a dead-end planet — or, rather, his clone is posted to this bleak dump, called the Citadel, in another corner of the galaxy.
The original Aldo remains on Earth, where he presumably has a normal life. The new Aldo has all his memories, but while he's a new person, he's burdened by his predecessor's record and actions. He will remain on the Citadel forever, but he hopes by doing a commendable job, he can get a clone of himself (complete with all his memories from the Citadel) created on a more interesting planet. Aldo despairs: the Citadel is the furthest colony from Earth. If he can't prove himself worthy of ascension, he'll remain in this banal posting for the rest of his life. If he succeeds, he will be permitted to step into the ansible once more, and move to a new planet.
Day in and day out, he maintains a decaying space station and contends with a dysfunctional, boring crew. Suicide rates are abnormally high at the Citadel, and corruption is rampant.
This short novel hinges on the agony and anxiety of being trapped by the status quo. The desire to break free from the predictable is present not just in relationships, but settings. Earth is in a sort of pause, waiting for the return of its vague enemy. The station and planet Citadel are waiting for an ice comet to provide the next step of a centuries-long terraforming process.
Aldo himself is emotionally frozen. On the Citadel, he's unresponsive to a potential romance with a crewmate. If he does manage to send a clone of himself somewhere interesting, he doesn't want it yearning for someone he left behind.
The other major theme in The Fortress at the End of Time is the unexpected consequences of technology. Humanity has developed amazing tech: colonies far out in the depths of space, ansibles that teleport people across the stars, and starships that can take down unknown enemy spacecraft. Yet each advancement carries unusual problems. Ansible trips load their passengers with the burden of the past: the duplicates have to contend with their original selves' memories and experiences, while forging their own futures.
McDermott is careful to show that science and technology don't have all the answers. A monastery on the planet siphons off military deserters who are stuck in moralistic quandaries, questioning the role the military plays in expanding humanity's footprint in the galaxy. The deserters are a worthy foil, posing heavy questions for the crew: when people are reborn through the ansible are their souls transported, too? Do they have hope of redemption in future lives?
The Fortress at the End of Time is an essential read, and feels like it's a throwback to the era of classic science fiction from authors such as Frank Herbert or Ursula K. Le Guin, but never dated. McDermott takes a slow, thoughtful approach to this multilayered little book, playing out plotlines over years, and paying full attention to how the story's events affect the characters, rather than the other way around. His hard-science details and logical explanations should satisfy more scientifically minded readers, but they are accompanied by a moral core that sticks long after the final page.
Photo via dalliedee via Flickr CC
It's not the happiest news to hear when coming back from a holiday weekend... One of the mere three wolf pairs in Oregon has been killed by wildlife officials. The reason why: They were being wolves. According to Ecoworldly, it's a classic case of wolf versus rancher, and as usual the wolf must lose.
The pair had killed livestock several months ago. Despite the fact that fencing and other efforts had proved completely successful over the last few months to deter the wolves from any other attacks, the ranchers and wildlife officials still decided that the wolves must go.
It's a big set back for wolves in that area, which has a recovery program in place...though apparently already-ample livestock populations are placed in a much higher position of priority than seeing wolf populations recover. The Center for Biological Diversity isn't standing by, however, and are advocating for the wolves that are left:
"Noah Greenwald, endangered species program director at the Center, explained in the press release that losing wolves has far-reaching effects on the environment. The Center has filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for removing wolves from the federal endangered species list."
Starting September 1, the first gray wolf hunting in decades began. It looks like wolves are in for yet another long haul before they are allowed to freely inhabit their niche in North American ecosystems.
More on Wolves
First Gray Wolf Hunt in Decades Begins Tomorrow
September Promises to be Killer Month for Wolf Hunters
Know Your Endangered Species?
Gear VR sold out at Samsung UPDATE: and AT&T
There are a number of reasons why you might want to stay away from this first release of the Samsung Gear VR, but according to Samsung's sales website, there might be a few more reasons to buy. The Samsung Gear VR Innovator Edition – the first and only version to have been released so far – is currently “out of stock” at Samsung's website. AT&T's stock appears to still be running strong*, but we do not know how low their stock is – if it's low at all.
*This afternoon somewhere around 2:30 PM CST, AT&T also posted their “Out of Stock” banner for the Gear VR. Now we twiddle our thumbs and wait for the rest of the carriers – none of which have posted stock at this time.
Before you go jumping in on the AT&T or Samsung-sold version of the device, you'll want to take a peek at Samsung's User Guide PDF. It's here that you'll get the following warnings about use. Perhaps most important is the fact that Samsung recommends you DO NOT allow a child under the age of 13 to use Gear VR at all.
If you do purchase this device, you'll want also to take note that there's a “default color setting”. You can adjust the brightness of your Note 4 screen in this headset, but there's a “Comfort Mode” button as well – this restores “default color setting.”
Samsung has this Comfort Mode to remind you that you shouldn't blast your eyes out with the Note 4's extraordinary brightness potential.
Would you like to know more? SlashGear will be taking a closer look at the instructions for this device throughout the week, and with the Gear VR sold out through Samsung, we might well be joined by masses of creators soon enough!
A San Francisco company hailed as the “Uber of weed” is on its way to becoming one of the most-funded tech startups in the marijuana industry. Eaze, an on-demand marijuana service, announced that it raised an additional $13 million from investors this week as it looks to expand beyond California's medical marijuana market, where it has operated over the last two years.
The company's fresh infusion of cash — which brings its total startup funding to $25 million — comes just two weeks before nine states will vote on expanding legal access to marijuana, including recreational pot use in California, Massachusetts, Arizona, Nevada, and Maine. Four states — Colorado, Washington, Oregon, and Alaska — as well as the District of Columbia have already legalized the drug for recreational use. Medical marijuana is now legal in 25 states as well as D.C.
Entrepreneurs have wasted little time in diving headfirst into the budding marijuana industry, which is projected to grow to $22 billion in four years. Private equity and venture capital firms have already poured hundreds of millions of dollars into a bevy marijuana startups. In April, CB Insights, a firm that analyzes technology trends, listed more than 50 young companies that were leading the new “Cannabis Gold Rush.” These startups focused on everything from weed-focused e-commerce and branding to social networks, compliance, and delivery services centered around marijuana.
Launched in 2014, Eaze's website and mobile app currently allow medical marijuana consumers in California to order and receive deliveries from nearby dispensaries in more than 100 cities — in 20 minutes or less. The company, which claims to have already delivered weed to more than 200,000 customers, has also spun off a service to help prospective patients in the state receive medical marijuana cards over the phone.
More Kentucky Sheriff Trolls Hapless Marijuana Growers On Facebook
Inspired by on-demand transportation giants like Uber and Lyft, Eaze has attracted high-profile backers. Snoop Dogg was one of a handful of investors who poured $10 million into the company last year. Among its newest funders is Bradley Tusk, a former political consultant to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg who is now advising Uber as it expands across the U.S.
Eaze will use its fresh round of capital to bring its technology to additional markets, the company said, though it did not elaborate on where that might be. “This is a critical time for the marijuana industry,” CEO Keith McCarty said in a statement. “Platforms like Eaze that are setting a new standard for accessibility, safety, and professionalism are best positioned to educate and service the future market.”
There is one hitch, however. At this time, commercial marijuana delivery remains illegal in some of the most weed-friendly states, including Colorado and Washington. In others, such as Oregon, the law surrounding cannabis delivery remains murky, according to legal experts. But if Eaze can learn one thing from fellow on-demand pioneers like Uber and Lyft it's that regulatory hurdles can ease with enough money and paid lobbyists.
Dalton Thrower comes in at #23 in this year's edition of the top 25. This is a pretty steep drop from last year, when he came in at #16. I don't think it's necessarily unfair that he dropped on the list, but I had him ranked much higher because I think he could prove quite valuable in the future.
It would be generous to say that Thrower didn't have a great season this past year in Saskatoon. Obviously, voters for this year's top 25 took that to heart, hence his drop in the rankings. He dealt with injury issues, was inconsistent when healthy, and also was suspended for the remainder of the Memorial cup for a hit to the head of Taylor Leier of the Portland Winterhawks. He also dropped from 54 points to 27 points while playing in 12 fewer games than he did in the 2011-2012 season. The cold comfort in that is that he improved defensively from what I've seen, posting a better plus/minus than in previous years and reigning in some of the recklessness that he's known for.
More on Thrower: Thrower's 2012 Top 25 Under 25 profile
I feel like this past season is nothing more than a hiccup. I expect a lot better from him and I believe he's still capable of producing, most importantly if he stays healthy. He has good puck moving skills, skates well and can chip in offensively at a decent rate. He has an excellent shot, which is always a huge weapon for blueliners. Selected in the second round of the 2012 entry draft, 51st overall, Thrower was a steal if you ask me. He was projected to go higher by most, and very well could have.
Votes:
Thrower's poor season really affected his rankings, with four voters placing him outside the top 25.
Arik Ian Matt Marc Stephan Robert Andrew Bruce Justin Chris Laura JF 23 21 15 26 29 26 22 24 22 20 16 26
Strengths:
If you've watched any game film of him, you'll have noticed he is quite good at quarterbacking a powerplay. He has great puck-moving skills and an excellent shot that makes him a big threat when his team is up a man. At even strength, he has the ability to jump into the rush, and looks more like a forward sometimes when he does. He has good speed which enables him to be quite a nice weapon when he moves up with the forwards on the attack.
At 6'0" and 197 pounds, he's not exactly massive, but he plays a much bigger man's game. He's very physical, is not afraid to drop the mitts, and makes his presence felt with those attributes. If he gets the opportunity to take some cues from P.K. Subban, I think he could develop into a top-four defenceman one day. He's not there yet, but I have every reason to believe in his potential.
Weaknesses:
While he showed me some defensive improvement this past year with the Blades, he is still a player that can be a bit reckless. He does have good offensive upside, but is not as adept at picking his spots as, say P.K. Subban. That said, he could be a liability if he does not learn how to be more selective when taking offensive chances.
One of his strengths is also a bit of a weakness. He is a good hitter for his size, and plays a good physical game, but can be reckless with his checks too. As I mentioned earlier, he was suspended for the remainder of the Memorial cup after an incident against the Portland Winterhawks. He doesn't have much of a history with headshots; the real issue with his aggressive checks is that they sometimes lead to him being out of position.
What I'd like to see from Thrower this coming year with the Vancouver Giants is a continuation of his defensive improvement, and for him to get back on track in terms of offensive production. If he puts on a show this year like he has the ability to do, I think he's not only on the Bulldogs next year, but taking on a bigger role with them than you might think.
Projection:
Thrower won't be making the pro jump this year, but that's not a big concern for me, even though he'll be turning 20 in December. His rights were acquired from the Saskatoon Blades by his hometown Vancouver Giants, so he'll be playing his final year of junior with some extra motivation. His confidence may be a little bit down after last year, but given his situation, he has every reason to work his tail off to get back to where he can be. Playing back home after a poor season, he'll not only be enjoying a homecoming, but trying to prove that he can make it in pro hockey.
Would you trade him?
We're asking all readers to have their say in the comment section on whether they would trade a player on the list for one behind him. There are two guys behind Thrower on this year's list; Patrick Holland and Mac Bennett, plus the ones who didn't make it. Would you trade Thrower for either of these guys? Personally, there's no way I would. I firmly believe that Thrower is underrated on this list due to a bad season last year. There are even some guys coming up ahead of Thrower that I wouldn't trade him for. But now it's time to have your say; would you trade Thrower for someone behind him on the list?
A paid informant for the New York Police Department's intelligence unit was under orders to “bait” Muslims into saying incriminating things as he lived a double life, snapping pictures inside mosques and collecting the names of innocent people attending study groups on Islam, he told The Associated Press.
Shamiur Rahman, a 19-year-old American of Bengali descent who has now denounced his work as an informant, said police told him to embrace a strategy called “create and capture.” He said it involved creating a conversation about jihad or terrorism, then capturing the response to send to the NYPD. For his work, he earned as much as $1,000 a month and goodwill from the police after a string of minor marijuana arrests.
“We need you to pretend to be one of them,” Rahman recalled the police telling him. “It's street theater.”
Rahman, who said he plans to move to the Caribbean, said he now believes his work as an informant against Muslims in New York was “detrimental to the Constitution.” After he disclosed to friend details about his work for the police — and after he told the police that he had been contacted by the AP — he stopped receiving text messages from his NYPD handler, “Steve,” and his handler's NYPD phone number was disconnected.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is dismayed about an appeals court's misguided decision to allow a discriminatory bill to become law in Mississippi.
House Bill 1523, which privileges certain religious beliefs by allowing discrimination in their name, was initially stopped from becoming law by federal courts. On June 22, a three-judge panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals removed the injunction staying the law.
The lower court had blocked the bill because it "establishes an official preference for certain religious beliefs over others" and "because its broad religious exemption comes at the expense of other citizens."
Indeed it does.
The bill is an absurd foray by the government into the land of religious privilege. It singles out a few specific religious beliefs for protection, including that marriage is between "one man and one woman"; that "sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage"; and that a "biological sex" is "immutable" and "objectively determined by anatomy and genetics at time of birth."
It privileges these beliefs — mostly held by fundamentalist Christians — by allowing any person or organization who "sincerely" holds them to discriminate in matters of housing, foster care or counseling. It also allows for bakers, photographers, DJs, wedding rental companies and others to discriminate against gay couples.
The sole bright spot in an otherwise short and stark decision was that the court did not look to the merits of the law. Instead, the court dismissed the case because it said the plaintiffs contesting the law had no standing — they were not yet injured. However, the court ended its decision by explaining that it did "not foreclose the possibility that a future plaintiff may be able to show clear injury-in-fact."
That's why FFRF holds out hope that the law still may be struck down.
The plaintiffs intend to ask the full 5th Circuit to review the three-judge panel's decision. If that fails, other individuals who suffer discrimination under the law will still be able to challenge it in court. Put another way, this case is not over. Religion is not a license to discriminate.
"We can't believe that in our day and age, the Mississippi Legislature passed such an overtly discriminatory bill in the name of 'religious liberty,'" says FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. "Someone will very soon be harmed by the law — and we're certain it will be overturned when it's then taken to the courts."
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is a national nonprofit organization representing more than 29,000 nonreligious members across the country, including in Mississippi. Its purpose is to protect the constitutional principle of separation between state and church.
Image: U.S. Government; Copyright Free
PM issues statement after causing outcry by declining to speak out against executive order that could affect British dual nationals
Theresa May has issued a late-night statement saying she “does not agree” with Donald Trump's ban on refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries entering the US, after coming under intense political pressure to condemn the order.
The prime minister released her comments through a spokesman shortly after midnight, saying the UK would “make representations” if British citizens were affected by the 90-day ban on travel to the US for those from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria or Yemen.
US airports on frontline as Donald Trump's travel ban causes chaos and protests Read more
“Immigration policy in the United States is a matter for the government of the United States, just the same as immigration policy for this country should be set by our government,” the spokesman said.
“But we do not agree with this kind of approach and it is not one we will be taking.
We are studying this new executive order to see what it means and what the legal effects are, and in particular what the consequences are for UK nationals. If there is any impact on UK nationals then clearly we will make representations to the US government about that.”
The statement is unlikely to be strong enough to satisfy many of the MPs expressing outrage about Trump's move, which quickly caused chaos at airports.
There are already reports that British people of dual nationality with the affected countries are unable to travel to or through the US because of the ban. High-profile UK nationals likely to be caught by the executive order include Olympic gold medallist Sir Mo Farah and Conservative MP Nadhim Zahawi.
The prime minister is also facing questions about why she took so long to respond to the controversy, which has soured her trip to visit Trump on Friday which Downing Street had regarded as a success.
May initially refused to condemn the ban on refugees and nationals of the seven countries when asked about Trump's order during a visit to Turkey. After being repeatedly pressed, May would only say: “The United States is responsible for the United States' policy on refugees.”
Aides again refused to elaborate on that position when May landed at Heathrow on Saturday evening, but the position could not hold as the prime minister came under under mounting criticism from Conservative and opposition MPs, while other foreign governments expressed strong concerns.
Following the ban, Zahawi, a Tory MP who was born in Iraq, said it was a “sad day for the USA” that he would not be allowed to enter. “I'm a British citizen & so proud to have been welcomed to this country. Sad to hear I'll be banned from the USA based on my country of birth,” he tweeted.
US refugee ban: Trump decried for 'stomping on' American values Read more
He added that he had had confirmation from an immigration lawyer that the order applies to himself and his wife as they were both born in Iraq, one of the seven countries targeted in Trump's executive order.
Farah, who came to the UK as a child from Somalia, trains in Oregon in the US but it is not clear he would be able to re-enter the country if he left.
The Olympic champion is believed to be in Ethiopia for two weeks before travelling to the UK for competition. There has not yet been comment from his camp.
David Warburton, Tory MP for Somerton and Frome, said the ban was “shocking, ludicrous, appalling and insane” and made clear he wanted May to oppose it.
James Cleverly, MP for Braintree, also weighed in to say Trump's “immigration and Syrian refugee ban is indefensible, unworkable and almost certainly unconstitutional”.
While government ministers were initially silent, Ruth Davidson, the Scottish Conservative leader, was one of the most senior Tories to condemn the ban, saying it was “both wrong in itself and very worrying for the future”.
Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader, said May should have condemned Trump's actions. “President Trump's executive order against refugees and Muslims should shock and appal us all,” he said.
“Theresa May should have stood up for Britain and our values by condemning his actions. It should sadden our country that she chose not to.
“After Trump's hideous actions and May's weak failure to condemn them, it's more important than ever for us to say to refugees seeking a place of safety, that they will always be welcome in Britain.”
Donald Trump anti-refugee order: 'green-card holders included in ban' – as it happened Read more
The order caused chaos on Saturday, as people who had flown to the US were held at major airports while others were barred from boarding flights or were pulled off planes overseas. However, the Foreign Office had no comment or change to its travel advice as of 10pm on Saturday.
Tim Farron, the Liberal Democrat leader, said the British government urgently needed to give travel advice to British citizens who may be affected by the ban. “Today Theresa May said that Donald Trump's ban on people from Muslim countries was purely a matter for America,” he said.
“We now learn that the State Department apparently advises that the visa ban also applies to people with dual nationality, which will include Britons.
“Even allowing for her cosying up to Donald Trump, it would be a gross abdication of her responsibilities to all British citizens if she doesn't take this up with her new best friend now, making clear that anyone with a British passport and a visa should be allowed safe passage. “She must also order the Foreign Office to deliver urgently tonight advice to British citizens travelling to the United States on whether they should continue to travel.”
Trump has also banned refugees from entering the country for 120 days and those seeking asylum from Syria have been banned indefinitely.
Labour MP Yvette Cooper, the chair of the Commons home affairs committee, has written to May asking her to clarify whether she raised concerns about the president's approach to refugees and Muslims during their talks at the White House on Friday.
Her letter states: “You will understand how important it is for people in the United Kingdom to know that when our prime minister talks on Holocaust Memorial Day about things we have in common with the president of the United States, you are not talking about or condoning in any way the deeply troubling measures that president Trump has introduced,” she said.
