Geert Wilders lives under police protection because of death threats A Dutch court has ordered prosecutors to put a right-wing politician on trial for making anti-Islamic statements. Freedom Party leader Geert Wilders made a controversial film last year equating Islam with violence and has likened the Koran to Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf. "In a democratic system, hate speech is considered so serious that it is in the general interest to... draw a clear line," the court in Amsterdam said. Mr Wilders said the judgement was an "attack on the freedom of expression". "Participation in the public debate has become a dangerous activity. If you give your opinion, you risk being prosecuted," he said. Not only he, but all Dutch citizens opposed to the "Islamisation" of their country would be on trial, Mr Wilders warned. "Who will stand up for our culture if I am silenced?" he added. 'Incitement' The three judges said that they had weighed Mr Wilders's "one-sided generalisations" against his right to free speech, and ruled that he had gone beyond the normal leeway granted to politicians. This is a happy day for all followers of Islam who do not want to be tossed on the garbage dump of Nazism
Gerard Spong, lawyer
Profile: Geert Wilders Relief over MP's anti-Islam film "The Amsterdam appeals court has ordered the prosecution of member of parliament Geert Wilders for inciting hatred and discrimination, based on comments by him in various media on Muslims and their beliefs," the court said in a statement. "The court also considers appropriate criminal prosecution for insulting Muslim worshippers because of comparisons between Islam and Nazism made by Wilders," it added. The court's ruling reverses a decision last year by the public prosecutor's office, which said Mr Wilders's comments had been made outside parliament as a contribution to the debate on Islam in Dutch society and that no criminal offence had been committed. Prosecutors said on Wednesday that they could not appeal against the judgement and would open an investigation immediately. Gerard Spong, a prominent lawyer who pushed for Mr Wilders's prosecution, welcomed the court's decision. "This is a happy day for all followers of Islam who do not want to be tossed on the garbage dump of Nazism," he told reporters. 'Fascist book' In March 2008, Mr Wilders posted a film about the Koran on the internet, prompting angry protests across the Muslim World. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The opening scenes of Fitna - a Koranic term sometimes translated as "strife" - show a copy of the holy book followed by footage of the bomb attacks on the US on 11 September 2001, London in July 2005 and Madrid in March 2004. Pictures appearing to show Muslim demonstrators holding up placards saying "God bless Hitler" and "Freedom go to hell" also feature. The film ends with the statement: "Stop Islamisation. Defend our freedom." Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said at the time that the film wrongly equated Islam with violence and served "no purpose other than to offend". A year earlier, Mr Wilders described the Koran as a "fascist book" and called for it to be banned in "the same way we ban Mein Kampf", in a letter published in the De Volkskrant newspaper. Mr Wilders has had police protection since Dutch director Theo Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist in 2004. Correspondents say his Freedom Party (PVV), which has nine MPs in the lower house of parliament, has built its popularity largely by tapping into the fear and resentment of Muslim immigrants.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We've all been there. You're slouched in a meeting or a classroom, supposedly paying attention, but your mind has long since wandered off, churning out lists of all the things you need to do—or that you could be doing if only you weren't stuck here…
Suddenly you realize everyone is looking your way expectantly, waiting for an answer. But you're staring blankly, grasping at straws to make a semi-coherent response. The curse of the wandering mind!
But don't worry—you're not alone. In fact, a recent study by Matthew Killingsworth and Daniel Gilbert sampled over 2,000 adults during their day-to-day activities and found that 47 percent of the time, their minds were not focused on what they were currently doing. Even more striking, when people's minds were wandering, they reported being less happy.
This suggests it might be good to find ways to reduce these mental distractions and improve our ability to focus. Ironically, mind-wandering itself can help strengthen our ability to focus, if leveraged properly. This can be achieved using an age-old skill: meditation. Indeed, a new wave of research reveals what happens in our brains when our minds wander—and sheds light on the host of cognitive and emotional benefits that come with increased focus.
What happens in the wandering mind?
For something that happens so often, what do we really know about this process of mind-wandering?
For thousands of years, contemplative practices such as meditation have provided a means to look inward and investigate our mental processes. It may seem surprising, but mind-wandering is actually a central element of focused attention (FA) meditation. In this foundational style of meditation, the practitioner is instructed to keep her attention on a single object, often the physical sensations of breathing.
Sounds simple enough, but it's much easier said than done. Try it for a few minutes and see what happens.
If you're like most people, before long your attention will wander away into rumination, fantasy, analyzing, planning. At some point, you might realize that your mind is no longer focused on the breath. With this awareness, you proceed to disengage from the thought that had drawn your mind away, and steer your attention back to your breath. A few moments later, the cycle will likely repeat.
At first it might seem like the tendency toward mind-wandering would be a problem for the practice of FA meditation, continually derailing your attention from the “goal” of keeping your mind on the breath.
However, the practice is really meant to highlight this natural trajectory of the mind, and in doing so, it trains your attention systems to become more aware of the mental landscape at any given moment, and more adept at navigating it. With repeated practice, it doesn't take so long to notice that you've slipped into some kind of rumination or daydream. It also becomes easier to drop your current train of thought and return your focus to the breath. Those who practice say that thoughts start to seem less “sticky”—they don't have such a hold on you.
As a neuroscientist and meditator, I'd long been fascinated with what might be happening in my brain when I meditate. Being familiar with both subjective, first-person meditative practice and objective, third-person scientific research, I wondered what would happen if I put these two modes of investigation together. Could I get a more fine-grained picture of how this process works in the brain by leveraging the experience of these cognitive shifts during meditation?
I started by considering the default mode network, a set of brain areas that tend to increase in activity when we're not actively engaged in anything else—in other words, when our minds tend to wander. Maybe it was this default mode network that kept barging in during my meditation, interfering with my ability to keep my attention focused. And maybe this network was what I was learning to “tune down” by practicing over and over. I wondered if I could test this scientifically.
Supported by funding from the Mind & Life Institute, and with the help of colleagues at Emory University, I started to test which brain areas were related to meditation. We asked meditators to focus on their breath while we scanned their brains: whenever they realized their minds had been wandering, they'd press a button. Then they would return their focus to the breath as usual, and the practice would continue. As they did so, we collected MRI data showing which brain regions were active before, during, or after the button press that corresponded to various mental states.
The study, published in the journal NeuroImage, found that, indeed, during periods of mind-wandering, regions of the brain's default mode network were activated. Then when participants became aware of this mind-wandering, brain regions related to the detection of salient or relevant events came online. After that, areas of the executive brain network took over, re-directing and maintaining attention on the chosen object. And all of this occurred within 12 seconds around those button presses.
Looking at activity in these brain networks this way suggests that when you catch your mind wandering, you are going through a process of recognizing, and shifting out of, default mode processing by engaging numerous attention networks. Understanding the way the brain alternates between focused and distracted states has implications for a wide variety of everyday tasks. For example, when your mind wandered off in that meeting, it might help to know you're slipping into default mode—and you can deliberately bring yourself back to the moment. That's an ability that can improve with training.
The benefits of building focus
What are other practical implications of this knowledge? Recent behavioral research shows that practicing meditation trains various aspects of attention. Studies show that meditation training not only improves working memory and fluid intelligence, but even standardized test scores.
It's not surprising—this kind of repeated mental exercise is like going to the gym, only you're building your brain instead of your muscles. And mind-wandering is like the weight you add to the barbell—you need some “resistance” to the capacity you're trying to build. Without mind-wandering to derail your attempts to remain focused, how could you train the skills of watching your mind and controlling your attention?
In our study, we also wanted to look at the effects of lifetime meditation experience on brain activity. In agreement with a growing number of studies, we found that experience mattered—those who were more experienced meditators had different levels of brain activity in the relevant networks. This suggests that their brains may have changed due to repeated practice, a process called neuroplasticity.
One brain area stood out in this analysis: the medial prefrontal cortex, a part of the default mode network that is particularly related to self-focused thoughts, which make up a good portion of mind-wandering content. It turns out that experienced meditators deactivated this region more quickly after identifying mind-wandering than people who hadn't meditated as much—suggesting they might be better at releasing distracting thoughts, like a re-hash of a personal To-Do list or some slight they suffered at work yesterday.
In a follow-up study, we found that these same participants had greater coherence between activity in the medial prefrontal cortex and brain areas that allow you to disengage attention. This means that the brain regions for attentional disengagement have greater access to the brain regions underlying the distraction, possibly making it easier to disengage. Other findings support this idea—more experienced meditators have increased connectivity between default mode and attention brain regions, and less default mode activity while meditating.
This might explain how it feels easier to “drop” thoughts as you become more experienced in meditation—and thus better able to focus. Thoughts become less sticky because your brain gets re-wired to be better at recognizing and disengaging from mind-wandering. And if you've ever struggled with rumination—re-living a negative experience over and over, or stressing (unproductively) about an upcoming event—you can appreciate how being able to let go of your thoughts could be a huge benefit.
Indeed, the Killingsworth and Gilbert study I mentioned earlier found that when people's minds were wandering, they tended to be less happy, presumably because our thoughts often tend towards negative rumination or stress. That's why mindfulness meditation has become an increasingly important treatment of mental health difficulties like depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder, and even sexual dysfunction.
Reading all this might make you think that we'd be better off if we could live our lives in a constant state of laser-like, present moment focus. But a wandering mind isn't all bad. Not only can we leverage it to build focus using FA meditation, but the capacity to project our mental stream out of the present and imagine scenarios that aren't actually happening is hugely evolutionarily valuable, which may explain why it's so prominent in our mental lives. These processes allow for creativity, planning, imagination, memory—capacities that are central not only to our survival, but also to the very essence of being human.
The key, I believe, is learning to become aware of these mental tendencies and to use them purposefully, rather than letting them take over. Meditation can help with that.
So don't beat yourself up the next time you find yourself far away from where your mind was supposed to be. It's the nature of the mind to wander. Use it as an opportunity to become more aware of your own mental experience. But you may still want to return to the present moment—so you can come up with an answer to that question everyone is waiting for.
American traders aren't likely to take kindly to the suggestion that big government might be good for the stock market. But data from a paper on the job- and income-growth of top earners shows that stock prices in some socialized countries, relative to themselves and adjusted for inflation, have done considerably better than those in the U.S over the last two and a half decades.
Specifically, during the twenty five years after Ronald Reagan took office -- a pro-market honeymoon that Ryan Chittum of the Columbia Journalism Review this week termed "the ascent of laissez-faire economic policies" -- French stock prices have performed significantly better than Americans ones, according to the report by Jon Bakija, Adam Cole, and Bradley Heim.
A further examination of the 39-year period extending from the end of the Nixon administration until 2008 shows the Swedish economy, known for its high taxes and heavy regulation, growing at a significantly higher rate than the US.
The authors conclude that big government might not actually stand in contradiction to a productive economy: "Countries with typically high levels of government involvement in the economy, such as Sweden, Denmark and Canada, do not appear to have experienced stifled economic growth relative to countries where government involvement is more limited, like the US," the report says.
With bastions of socialism -- Sweden Canada and France -- outpacing American market prices, does this mean it's time for Wall Streeters to start calling croissants "Freedom bagels?" Probably not.
According to Jacob Funk Kirkegaard, a research fellow specializing in European economies at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, the disparity between the American and European markets might have more to do with the period in question than governmental forces.
"In 1981, [Francois] Mitterand was elected president of France, and the first thing he did was to nationalize a bunch of French businesses and most of the banking system," Kirkegaard explained. "But going forward, France has moved quite dramatically towards a market-oriented economy, though not anywhere near the scope of market and economic freedom as perceived in the U.S."
If Swedish and French markets have shown considerable strength compared to American ones, Kirkegaard posited that "these countries benefited from a more rapid shift to a market economy than in the U.S. over this period. The starting point was much more hostile. That's what you see in the growth."
That said, Kirkegaard also dismissed the traditional American capitalist contention that socialism is bad for market growth: "A lot of the finger-pointing we do at these countries is totally misleading. It's a myth."
Kirkegaard says that many socialized governments provide critical support for business growth, including first class infrastructure built by the public sector, retraining of workers and public education systems that result in better-prepared workforces, comparative to the US. "There are a lot of areas where the role of government is a benefit for the businesses in these countries."
"The idea that they are socialists and condemned to living in these bread bin-style housing complexes is illusional," he said. "It's ideological slander."
They're the Prophets of Rage, the New York rap revolutionaries who brought hip-hop into the mainstream.
But on Saturday the legendary Public Enemy were stuffed into a Ford Focus after being forced to hitch a ride to their gig in Sheffield.
The band had been at a record store in the city signing copies of their new album before the show.
• Public Enemy: Prophets of Rage - how the hip hop group rescued rap
Yet when the taxi driver booked to transport Chuck D and Flavor Flav to the gig drove off, they were left high and dry.
"People started panicking and looking for someone to drive, so I volunteered." Kevin Wells
Panic broke out among the entourage - and no-one knew how were the band were going to get to the Motorpoint Arena where they were due to play with The Prodigy.
Until, to the rappers' delight, 50-year-old fan Kevin Wells, of Kilamarsh, stepped in.
Photo: Shirlaine Forrest
He had just nipped into the city's Record Collector store for a quick autograph, before realising he could help.
"Public Enemy had a taxi booked for 6.30pm, but it drove off before the guys had finished signing autographs," Mr Wells told the Sheffield Star.
"People started panicking and looking for someone to drive, so I volunteered."
En route, they rocked out to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody, in the style of the hit film Wayne's World. And Mr Wells took a selfie.
"They were such nice guys, we had a right laugh," said Mr Wells.
"We were chatting away, but the phone was constantly going as their management were clearly worried.
"Then as we were coming through Attercliffe, Bohemian Rhapsody, by Queen, came on the radio.
"Everyone was singing the words and rocking out in the back of my car, it was like a Wayne's World moment.
"I was looking in the rear view mirror thinking, 'is this actually happening?'"
Public Enemy shot to fame in 1987 with album Yo! Bum Rush the Show and their 1988 album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back is often cited in lists of the greatest records of all time.
Mr Wells, a regular customer at the store, added: "We got to the arena about 15 minutes before they were due on stage.
"I drove up to security and said, ‘I've got the band in the back.'
"I was looking in the rear view mirror thinking, 'is this actually happening?'" Kevin Wells
"They looked at me as if I was having them on, but then I rolled down the windows and Chuck D showed them the security pass.
"Amazing, it just didn't feel real."
Public Enemy had booked the taxi to avoid trying to get their tour bus through Sheffield's narrow roads.
• Sachin in a spin after missing last bus home
Barry Everard, owner of Record Collector, told the Telegraph how his "heart sank" when the taxi drove off when the band stopped to take pictures.
He said: "It was on a bit of a knife-edge, it could have gone horribly wrong and they might have had a problem getting to the show.
"They were a happy band in the store but we were worried we would have an unhappy band. But they were pretty chilled about it.
"It has to be said they were absolutely lovely guys and it was a pleasure to have them.
"I guess it was Saturday night and time is money for hte taxi driver. He wasn't parked outside the shop and he just left to do another job I assume.
Mr Everard said it was a "huge honour to have godfathers of a genre" in his store.
(N.B. For those unfamiliar with the vehicle, "the Ford Focus is the best-selling car of its size - affordably priced and great to drive", according to our colleagues on the motoring desk.)
Okay, I admit it. When I heard the official horsepower number for the US-market variant of the next-generation MX-5—and that number is 155, in case you've been crossing the Atlantic on a sailboat during the last few days—my first reaction was that kind of deflation you get when a pawnshop owner tells you what he's actually willing to pay for your "luxury" watch. Oof. That's not a lot. I thought it would be more. Hoped it would be more. Oof. And that reaction came after I'd thoroughly enjoyed myself for two hours behind the wheel of a Miata with 24 fewer horsepower than we'll get in the States.
[embed_gallery gid='6068' type='simple']
Over the past two days, I've been reading hundreds of Internet forum posts concerning the new MX-5's dip in power compared to the previous model. I'd say that the people who think the new car is underpowered outnumber—or at least out-shout—the people who think it's fine by a ratio of two or maybe even three to one.
I've read arguments on both sides. I've referred to my own notes and watched my own video from the long-lead event in Barcelona, noting speeds and acceleration.
After a considerable amount of thought, I've come down on the side that thinks the weight savings and purity of purpose displayed by the new MX-5 more than make up for the modest power.
No, scratch that.
I haven't just decided that the two-liter SKYACTIV Miata is strong enough. I've actually found myself getting angry with the people who feel differently about it. Not only have they forgotten what a Miata needs to be, they're trying to bully Mazda, and the rest of us, into forgetting as well.
I think it was last month's issue of this very magazine that caused me to get a bit riled up. We've got a great test, written by Jason Cammisa, of three high-powered hatchbacks. Or CUVs, or four-door activity coupes, or whatever we're calling the descendants of the original RAV4 nowadays. Whatever they are, they're big, heavy, and absurdly fast. Two of them turn a twelve-second quarter-mile—that kind of fast. (The slowpoke of the group, the Audi SQ5, can only manage a 13.1.) The heaviest of them is 4542 pounds—about half a ton heavier than a '77 Caprice—and the lightest is 3637. All three have about as much torque and horsepower as Sonny Crockett's Testarossa and they're all four-wheel-drive to boot.
Mazda
In his article, Jason does a great job of explaining how fun these cars can be to drive, if you like that sort of thing. You know, if you really enjoy the feeling of massive power overcoming massive weight. Don't get me wrong. There's always been a certain thrill in pushing the laws of physics to the max, whether it was in the form of a Callaway Sledgehammer or the Maybach 57S. My 2014 Honda Accord Coupe makes more power than my 1995 Porsche 911 Carrera 2 and I wouldn't have it any other way. We're in the golden era of big horsepower and the massive curb weights that seem to accompany it.
It's the experience of the thing, not the numbers.
Want a family sedan with 400 horsepower? There are a half-dozen to choose from. A top-drawer luxury car with 500? It's harder to find nowadays to find one that doesn't spin the dyno to that number. Want a supercar with 600? Hope you've got all day to shop. Small-town domestic dealers offer twin-turbo pickup trucks and SUVs with all-aluminum six-liter V8s. I've set lap times in rental Toyota Camrys that would have earned me pole position in IMSA Kelly American races from the 1970s.
With most of these cars, you make speed on a back road like so: Accelerate at escape-velocity speed towards corner. Hit the monster brakes as hard as you can and let off when you think you've judged corner speed perfectly. Get through corner by relying on the massive tires and the stability control. When you see the exit, mash the gas and let the AWD/trick diff/Red-Bull-Racing-caliber traction control figure it out. Rinse and repeat until you're out of brakes, sitting in jail, or burned beyond recognition. If you're brave and skilled, you can make massive pace, but after a while it frays your nerves and drains all of the fun out of your favorite back road.
2016 Mazda Miata in action Mazda
That's not how it's done in a Miata. To begin with, you're not standing on the brakes for Every. Single. Turn. You're conserving momentum and bending in as smoothly as possible. Right away you're enjoying yourself more because you're not a minor middle-pedal mistake away from ending up on a ventilator. Instead, you're enjoying the rush of the motor towards the corner. Once you're past the braking point, you can adjust the car with the throttle and steering however you like. The lack of inertia means you can make changes quickly without worrying about looping the thing.
You're connected to the road. The steering's alive in your hands because it's not tasked with controlling the weight of two Winston Cup cars. You're close to the tarmac, not insulated by a four-inch suspension lift and six inches of Dynamat and active noise cancellation through a nineteen-speaker stereo. The absolute limits of the car are lower but you can get much closer to them. It's the difference between hearing Steely Dan on a great phonograph and listening to Rihanna being played at a distance through a thousand-watt mini-truck sound system. It's the experience of the thing, not the numbers. It's getting the most out of yourself and the automobile through finesse and skill, not beating the route into submission via twin turbochargers and 295-width tires.
Mazda
I can hear you now. "We aren't griping that the Miata doesn't have 400 horsepower, you moron; we're griping that it doesn't have 200." Well, two hundred horsepower means a few things. It means stronger running gear, five-lug wheels, a heavier differential, bigger wheel bearings. All of those things add weight, which means that you need a heavier suspension. Which means that you need a thicker body. Which means that pretty soon you've got a BMW Z4.
Which is currently for sale at your local dealer with a minimum of 240 turbocharged horsepower and a curb weight about a thousand pounds above that of the Miata. It's out there. You can buy it. Right now.
What you cannot currently buy is a trim and fit roadster that weighs just over a ton and is a true pleasure to drive even with 131 (DIN) horsepower, to say nothing of 155. You cannot currently buy a roadster of that size and weight from anyone, really, and you certainly cannot buy one that carries on a tradition of exceptionally durable and reliable vehicles like R&T's own "A Million Mile Miata". Sure, it would be great if the MX-5 had more power, but adding power wouldn't be without consequences and changes and adjustments and at the end of that road you have the Mercedes-Benz SL65 AMG. Which is a brilliant and delightful vehicle but it's not the only hugely powerful and massive two-seater money can buy.
When the new MX-5 arrives, it will represent a rather daring bet on Mazda's part that there are still drivers out there who can recognize and appreciate a traditional sports car. Those drivers will recall that the MG-TC was easy prey for the Chevrolets of the era and that the "Big Healey" wasn't very big and that Dustin Hoffman drove to the church in an Alfa which probably didn't make all 109 of its rated horsepower. Those drivers will understand and respect the freedom and joy to be had in an automobile which can be driven enthusiastically without needing to plan a funeral for the tires and brake pads.
No, the 155-horsepower MX-5 won't be for everybody, but that's okay. The people who can't understand it have a hundred other options from which to choose, and the people who can understand it doesn't really care what anybody else thinks.
The Republic | azcentral.com Thu Mar 7, 2013 11:25 PM
When Mike Ormandy was growing up in Indiana in the 1970s, it was not uncommon for the adults to gather at a home on a weekend evening to play cards and have a few drinks with an odd soundtrack in the background: police-scanner traffic.
The sounds of static and police-radio transmissions infected Ormandy with the scanner bug, and he brought it with him to Arizona, where he invested in high-powered antennas and radios to capture the sounds of emergency responders communicating in the field.
The proliferation of websites and smartphone applications that stream police-radio traffic to hundreds of thousands of users, and a handful of recent instances in which scanner listeners have beaten police to crime scenes, are threatening what Ormandy and others view as a hobby — one that is as much about public safety as it is about infotainment.
“It's kind of nice for safety reasons to know when there's something major going on. ... I think it keeps officers honest, and I really think the public listening allows them to have a respect for the kind of danger these guys face every day,” Ormandy said.
“Police want you to share what you see and not get involved. That's where the smartphone users get it wrong. From what I've found, the biggest culprit is people listening on smartphones and hearing something big going on and running out to the scene.”
Phoenix police last month decided to encrypt emergency police-radio traffic related to crimes in progress, a move that will reduce by about 18 percent the agency's scanner traffic audible to the public, said Sgt. Trent Crump, a department spokesman.
The decision for Phoenix to encrypt more dispatch calls and conversations between officers comes after recent incidents:
About an hour after a Jan. 30 office shooting in central Phoenix, police broadcast over their radios the address of a possible suspect's home.
The information was picked up by media outlets and others monitoring scanners, and some posted the address on social-media sites. Media crews and others arrived at the home before police tactical teams could get there, Crump said, setting up to wait for the shooter, Arthur Harmon.
Police believe media coverage of his home may have caused Harmon to flee as he was on his way there, spurring a manhunt that ended the following morning when he was discovered dead in a Mesa parking lot. However, evidence found in Harmon's rental car, including cash, hygiene products and clothes, could indicate that he had intended to go on the run after his carefully planned murders.
On Feb. 8, police responded to a home-invasion call in west Phoenix where the suspects turned out to be juveniles, including a 16-year-old boy who was fatally shot by the homeowner. Police broadcast information about the suspects, including the school they attended, over their radios, prompting some media members to go to the school and attempt to interview students and staff even before investigators had arrived, Crump said.
On Feb. 11, police broadcast information about tactical positions and response plans as they closed in on a man suspected of robbing more than a dozen pharmacies and grocery stores, potentially jeopardizing their ability to capture the “Calligraphy Bandit,” Crump said. Tomas Garcia-Mancinas was arrested without incident. That day, police administrators made the decision to move more calls to encrypted channels, Crump said.
The California manhunt for fugitive ex-police officer Christopher Dorner brought the issue into sharp focus nationally on Feb. 12, after police were reportedly heard on radios discussing plans to burn the cabin Dorner was hiding in. A California sheriff later denied that the fire was intentionally set and said police used pyrotechnic tear gas called “burners” in an attempt to flush Dorner from the cabin.
“I think a lot of police agencies looked at that in horror realizing that this website Radio Reference had their agency on a worldwide Internet feed,” Ormandy said. “The natural response is to go ahead and encrypt it and keep it all secret.”
Crump said the Phoenix police decision was simply about safety for officers and the public.
“There are several large agencies across the nation that have gone completely encrypted, and more agencies are going in this direction because of the low cost and the ease for suspects to (otherwise) have this access,” he said.
The digital system that opened up a host of new radio channels for Phoenix police and fire agencies and allowed for easy encryption was part of a $120 million upgrade in 2004.
Other Valley cities acquired similar systems at the same time, and many took advantage of the new technology to begin securing calls on crimes in progress, conversations between detectives and tactical calls on private frequencies.
It was a sign of things to come.
“Back when they had the old system and you could put an antenna up and hear basically everything that happened — detectives doing surveillance, car-to-car stuff — I'm sure they longed for the day when they had more security,” Ormandy said.
Phoenix initially followed the lead of other agencies and encrypted those same calls at the time, Crump said, but it opened up some calls shortly after. Still, a lot has changed in the past nine years, he said.
“A scanner used to sit on a desktop and have an antenna on the roof. Now, everyone is on the move with us with their smartphone,” Crump said. “Those that we're fighting against have the same access.”
Lindsay Blanton, founder and president of a company that broadcasts police-radio traffic over the Internet, wrote on his website that police arguments about emerging technology interfering with their work have been around for decades.
“In the '90s, when an agency did go encrypted and members of the media and public complained, the standard response from the agencies was, ‘Hey, any criminal can go down to Radio Shack and purchase a scanner to listen to all our comms,'” Blanton wrote. “Now, that argument has just shifted to ‘Anyone with a smartphone can.'”
But as emerging technology threatens to close one door that allowed public access to what police are doing on a day-to-day basis, it will likely open others, though the access won't be as instant as scanners.
Police departments in Phoenix, Mesa, Surprise and Peoria are among the agencies testing or implementing digital cameras that officers wear to record virtually everything an officer does during a shift.
And police-scanner traffic will still be available several weeks or months after most incidents through Arizona's Public Records Law.
“Everything techwise has gotten more and more efficient for the user. But by the same token, we can't have it jeopardizing our work,” Crump said. “This doesn't eliminate transparency. You can still ask for any radio tape you want.”
Let's start with a baseline of knowledge. You're familiar with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and his rendezvous with an intelligence source at a secure location at the White House. He came out of that meeting incredulous that someone inside the intelligence community had unmasked the names of U.S. citizens caught up in surveillance.
Eavesdropping on foreign entities doesn't allow the exposure of U.S. citizens they may talk to or about unless that person is believed to be involved in something unlawful or if their lives are in danger. In this case, it was neither, and the citizens being surveilled were associates of Donald Trump.
Republicans in Congress, including Nunes, have been wanting to get to the bottom of who ordered the unmasking of the names of U.S. citizens. Now we know. It was Susan Rice, Obama's national security advisor. Huge news, right? Not if you're CNN, ABC or NBC. The only mention on MSNBC was on Greta's show. They're probably regretting that hire about now.
CBS did mention the story but only to defend Rice. It's indefensible. The Daily Caller reported that Rice ordered spy agencies to produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal phone calls by Trump aides and Trump himself. This makes Watergate look like a traffic ticket.
The big question, of course, is what did the president know and when did he know it? I would suggest it is inconceivable that Susan Rice ordered detailed spreadsheets on Trump and his associates, distributed the information to various intelligence heads, including Obama's Director of National Intelligence and the CIA director, and Obama knew nothing of it.
One of the big fears of Barack Obama was that he was allowing our intelligence agencies to become too aggressive in gathering information on U.S. citizens. Remember when James Clapper, Obama's Director of National Intelligence, was asked under oath before Congress if the NSA was collecting “any type of data at all” on American citizens? He said, “No, sir.” The Snowden leaks proved him a liar, revealing that the NSA was collecting domestic call records in bulk on American citizens.
Speaking of lying, don't forget it was Susan Rice who went on five different Sunday talking head shows on September 16, 2012 to spread the lie that the Benghazi attack was a protest that boiled over because of a Mohammed video. Many parts of the Obama administration were rotten to the core and now we're starting to smell the stench.
Yet, according to the same news media who won't cover the Susan Rice story, it's Donald Trump who lied when he tweeted back in March that Obama had Trump Tower “wire-tapped.” The media now seem obsessed with taking him literally. Wire-tapping to Trump, and to many others, is a catch-all phrase for surveillance. It's splitting hairs, but they've sunk their teeth into the phrase like a determined dog because it's the only hope they have.
The evidence is starting to show that Trump was right. He and his associates at Trump Tower were under surveillance, and possibly for up to a year before he took office, and President Obama may very well have ordered it. The fact that a large segment of the mainstream media chooses to ignore it should shake you to your core.
NEW YORK -- Patrice Bergeron of the Boston Bruins, Anze Kopitar of the Los Angeles Kings and Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks are the three finalists for the 2014-15 Frank J. Selke Trophy, which is awarded "to the forward who best excels in the defensive aspects of the game," the National Hockey League announced today.
All three were Selke finalists in 2013-14, when Bergeron, Kopitar and Toews finished 1-2-3, respectively, in balloting. This marks the first time in 18 years that the same trio has swept finalist berths for a trophy in consecutive seasons: Paul Kariya, Adam Oates and Teemu Selanne were the top three contenders for the Lady Byng Trophy in 1995-96 and 1996-97.
Members of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association submitted ballots for the Selke Trophy at the conclusion of the regular season, with the top three vote-getters designated as finalists. The winner will be announced Wednesday, June 24, during the 2015 NHL Awards from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Following are the finalists for the Frank Selke Trophy, in alphabetical order:
Patrice Bergeron, Boston Bruins
Bergeron was the NHL's top performer in the face-off circle in 2014-15, leading the League in total face-offs (1,951), wins (1,175) and winning percentage (60.2%). He also ranked among the League's top five forwards in a host of statistics that measure team puck possession while on the ice at five-on-five, including SAT (shot attempts differential), SAT Rel% (ratio of player's on-ice SAT vs. off-ice SAT) and SAT Close (SAT in one-goal games in periods 1 and 2, tie games in period 3). Bergeron is a Selke Trophy finalist for the fourth consecutive season; he captured the award in 2012 and 2014 and finished runner-up to Toews in 2013.
Anze Kopitar, Los Angeles Kings
Kopitar led Kings forwards in ice time per game (19:23) and was the top face-off man
(752-678, 52.6%) on the club that ranked fourth in the NHL in team defense, allowing an average of 2.40 goals per game. He was the NHL's top-ranked forward in the team puck possession metric SAT (shot attempts differential), as the Kings registered 363 more shot attempts than they allowed when Kopitar was on the ice at five-on-five. The 27-year-old center will be vying for multiple honors in Las Vegas, already having been announced as a finalist for the Lady Byng Trophy.
Jonathan Toews, Chicago Blackhawks
Toews played a key role in helping the Blackhawks tie for the fewest goals against in the NHL and post the 11th 100-point season in franchise history (fifth since 2008-09). He led all Western Conference players and ranked fifth in the League overall with a career-best +30 rating, ranked fourth in the NHL in face-off wins (947) and sixth in face-off winning percentage (56.5%), and topped Blackhawks forwards in total ice time (1,584:36, 19:33 per game). A Selke finalist for the fourth time in five years, the Blackhawks captain is in quest of a second career win after capturing the award in 2012-13.
History
The trophy was presented in 1977 by the National Hockey League Board of Governors in honor of Frank J. Selke, one of the great architects of Montreal and Toronto championship teams.
Announcement Schedule
The three finalists for NHL trophies are being announced by NBCSN in the United States and Sportsnet/TVA in Canada on Stanley Cup Playoff broadcasts through May 5, during pregame programming from 6:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m., ET. The series of announcements continues on Thursday, April 23, when the three finalists for the Calder Trophy will be unveiled.
IMG will produce the 2015 NHL Awards™, under the direction of executive producer Steve Mayer.
A full line up of presenters and entertainment, information on broadcasting and tickets, as well as hospitality and travel packages through PrimeSport will be announced at a future date. In what has become an annual tradition, EA SPORTS will be unveiling the Cover Athlete for the upcoming launch of NHL 16. In addition, fans can enter for a chance to win a trip to the 2015 NHL Awards™ at www.NHL.com/Vegas and tweet about the event using the official hashtag #NHLAwards.
After you're done cooking with your cast iron pan, it needs to be hand-washed without soap. Here's what to do:
Use a stiff brush or scrubbing pad under warm to hot running water, and vigorously rub off crusted-on food. Don't use soap. Nearly any crusted-on food will come off a seasoned cast iron pan with just a few minutes of scrubbing under running water.
Nearly any crusted-on food will come off a seasoned cast iron pan with just a few minutes of scrubbing under running water. Give the pan a quick towel dry, using either a cloth dishtowel or paper towel.
Turn your stovetop burner on to low or medium heat. Place the pan on the burner and let it stay there until the pan is bone-dry. This should only take a few minutes with a gas stovetop; an electric range may take ten to fifteen minutes to heat up and dry your pan.
After the pan is completely dry, turn off the stovetop and let it cool off for about ten minutes.
While the pan is still warm, give it a light coating of oil. Coating it with oil while it is still warm will help the oil be absorbed by the pores in the metal. As explained on a post to Reddit's /r/cooking forum: "When the metal pan is heated the whole thing expands, including the cracks and pores; they get larger, not smaller. In addition, the viscosity of the oil decreases when it gets hot, so it flows into those pores more readily. The heat also ensures that there is not even a trace of water in the metal, which would keep the oil out and cause rust if it were in the pores." – thales2012
forum: "When the metal pan is heated the whole thing expands, including the cracks and pores; they get larger, not smaller. In addition, the viscosity of the oil decreases when it gets hot, so it flows into those pores more readily. The heat also ensures that there is not even a trace of water in the metal, which would keep the oil out and cause rust if it were in the pores." – thales2012 Let the pan cool off completely, and put away until next time.
The idea of washing a pan without using soap makes some people nervous. The science of chemistry explains that using heat to dry the pan after rinsing sterilizes it. You've basically boiled everything on the pan, and that's why you don't need soap. This is one reason why it's best to cook with your cast iron pan at a very high heat. The high temperature will kill harmful bacteria and give your food a clean sear. (Also, soap doesn't kill germs. Soap just cuts grease, which is why it's not recommended for seasoned cast iron.)
See also: Seasoning Your Cast Iron Pan
How to Clean a REALLY Dirty Cast Iron Pan
Here is a #10 Griswold cast iron skillet. This pan was used to make Coq au Vin, the wonderful French dish of chicken stewed in wine. An important part of the recipe calls for boiling the chicken in wine, in order to reduce the wine to a thick sauce. This provides a delicious flavor…but as you can see, it results in a cooking pan coated with greasy sauce. What's more, this pan was left on the stove overnight, and the coating hardened to a thick, gelatinous consistency. To simply scrub this pan out would require enormous effort…or so you might think. In fact, a simple method removes cooked-on grime from most cast iron pans with little effort at all.
Fill the pan about two-thirds full with hot water. Place it on your stovetop. Turn the heat up to medium-high.
Bring the water to a roiling boil, and let it boil for a few minutes. With a wooden spoon, simply scrape away the worst of the gunk.
After scraping off the scum, empty the dirty water. (Your pan will be hot, use a potholder!) At this point the pan will still need to be scrubbed. However, it will be far easier to scrub it off using the same method described above. Simply scrub off the excess with a scrubbing pad…
…after a few minutes of scrubbing, the pan is clean.
Wipe off your pan with a towel. Place the pan on your stovetop, and dry it on medium heat.
Turn off the heat and let it cool down for ten minutes. Wipe a thin layer of oil onto the pan. Let the pan finish cooling off completely, and put it away for next time.
(Larger high-quality photos can be found on Facebook's Cast Iron Cooking group: Cleaning a Dirty Griswold Cast Iron Skillet.)
Return to our section on cast iron cooking.
Lodge Cast Iron offers their own video guide to washing a cast iron pan:
On YouTube:
"You have this guy who's an incredibly aggressive social media user but doesn't have any other points of resonance or commonality with the people who are creating the technology," said Paul Holland, a general partner at Silicon Valley venture firm Foundation Capital and a supporter of Clinton in this election. "His demeanor and behavior are way more aligned with a sophomore in high school than a 70-year-old businessman with immense things at stake."
On Tuesday, Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman became the latest high-profile Republican to turn on Trump, calling him a "demagogue" and pledging her support for Clinton.
Hope Hicks, Trump's spokeswoman, declined to comment, as did a spokesman for Menlo Park, California-based Facebook. A Twitter representative didn't respond to a request for comment.
There are certain days when Trump seemingly lives on social media. On Tuesday, he posted more than 10 messages on each site on topics including trade deals, a rally in Virginia and a New York Post story about Clinton's supposed ties to Russia. He also sent a tweet calling Barack Obama "perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!"
The bombastic spontaneity has gotten him in some trouble. At last week's Democratic National Convention, the Muslim parents of a U.S. Army captain killed in the Iraq War criticized Trump for his proposed Muslim ban and for having never sacrificed anything.
Trump fought back against the father, Khizr Khan, on TV and on Twitter, saying he'd been "viciously attacked." Members of his own party sided with Khan.
His Twitter addiction was highlighted in Clinton's convention speech as a warning to the American people.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons," Clinton said on Thursday night in Philadelphia.
Trump's support nationwide has plunged since the end of the DNC. FiveThirtyEight.com now gives Clinton a 68 percent chance of winning, according to the site's polls-only forecast.
Clinton is no stranger to social media. She has 8.1 million Twitter followers, 5.3 million Facebook fans and an established technology operation, led by an ex-Google executive. In July 2014, the former first lady and secretary of state visited Twitter in San Francisco and Facebook in Silicon Valley, conducting question-and-answer sessions at both campuses.
Clinton's fundraising advantage at the social media companies is mirrored across the industry. Internet businesses have donated $1.5 million to her campaign and related outside groups, over 100 times more than the $13,308 they've contributed to Trump, according to the CRP.
Seven Republicans, all who were beaten by Trump in the primary, raised more from the tech sector than the nominee.
Now Mumbai residents can pay traffic challan using FreeCharge. The digital payments platform has joined hands with Mumbai Traffic Police for collection of traffic fines in a cashless manner in the wake of the demonetisation going on in the country.
"We are pleased to partner with Mumbai Traffic Police in their pursuit of making the process of collecting fines cashless. Digital payments make the process faster and more efficient. Such partnerships are in line with our objective to make FreeCharge an everyday, everywhere option for our users, "said Govind Rajan, CEO, FreeCharge.
Nearly 500 e-challan devices have been rolled out to various traffic chowkies across the city at present. Once an offender is caught violating any rule, an e-challan will be generated against the vehicle registration number. The challan would also be sent to person's mobile phone immediately. The user can log on to www.mumbaipolice.net, enter their challan or vehicle number and pay using FreeCharge on the payments page.
Also Read: After demonetisation, e-wallets strike it rich while India runs out of cash
In a statement shared earlier, Mumbai traffic police said that it expects an annual increase of 8 lakh challans, from the existing 22 lakhs. Such an effort will also help them in identifying and taking action against repeat offenders.
FreeCharge is also in discussion with police authorities in other cities to enable traffic challans to be paid via FreeCharge. As per publicly available information, the amount of traffic challans in metros is sizeable - Delhi pays about Rs 140 Crores annually, Mumbai about Rs 100 Crores, while Bengaluru collects Rs 70 Crores. Even smaller cities like Ahmedabad collect nearly Rs 17 Crores annually as traffic fines.
Demonetisation is the new buzz in the country these days. While people are seen running out of money and ATMs going out of currency and even out of order at many places, e-wallets are seeing huge profits post the announcement. Freecharge recently tied up with Snapdeal for the wallet-on-delivery service. The service allows the consumers to pay for goods through the e-wallet once the product is delivered to them. FreeCharge in around a week said that it has already carried out over 1 lakh transactions as part of its wallet on delivery service for Snapdeal.
Paytm which seemingly is making the best of the moment also reported over 7 million transactions worth Rs 120 crore in a day. The company on Wednesday also said that it has seen 35 million transactions for mobile and DTH recharges on its platform post the demonetisation announcement.
Also Read: 35 million online recharges done over last few days: Paytm
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule sit on the launch pad at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Launch Complex 40.
SPLASHDOWN! SpaceX's DragonSplashes Down in the Pacific Ocean
8 December 2010 2:04 p.m. EST
SpaceX's unmanned Dragonspacecraft has officially completed its inaugural test flight, after splashingdown in the Pacific Ocean.
The spacecraft's targetedsplashdown location is 500 miles (nearly 805 kilometers) west of the coast ofMexico. The capsule's drogue chutes were successfully deployed, followed by thevehicle's three main parachutes to slow the Dragon on descent.
Dragon Completes De-Orbit Burn,Prepares for Splash Down
8 December 2010 1:23 p.m. EST
The unmanned commercial Dragon capsulehas completed a de-orbit burn as it prepares to return to Earth from its firsttest flight. The burn lasted about six minutes, SpaceX officials toldSPACE.com.
In a Twitter update during theburn, SpaceX officials reported that the capsule was, "looking good."
The spacecraft is expected tosplash down in the Pacific Ocean about 500 miles (nearly 805 kilometers) westof the coast of Mexico at a little after 2:00 p.m. EST (1900 GMT).
Dragon Capsule PerformingManeuvers On Orbit
8 December 2010 12:17 p.m. EST
SpaceX's Dragon capsule is makingtwo orbits of the Earth as part of its first test flight under NASA'sCommercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program.
SpaceX has reported that theDragon is performing as expected so far. In a recent Twitter update, SpaceXofficials said that the Dragon is in orbit and is performing maneuvers.
The company has pinpointed thelocation of the first stage of the Falcon 9 rocket in the Atlantic Ocean.Recovery boats are currently on their way to the location.
SpaceX Reports Dragon Capsule'Performing Nominally'
8 December 2010 11:51 a.m. EST
After successfully reaching orbit,SpaceX is reporting that the Dragon capsule is "performingnominally."
In a recent Twitter update, SpaceXofficials said, "A big thank you to NASAfor their continued support! What an awesome partnership!"
Dragon Reaches Orbit
8 December 2010 10:52 a.m. EST
The commercial Dragon spacecapsule has reached orbit for the first time.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
Falcon 9 Rocket's StagesSeparate
8 December 2010 10:49 a.m. EST
The first and second stages ofSpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket have separated, with the first falling back to Earth.The second stage is now firing to carry the Dragon capsule to orbit.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
LIFTOFF! Falcon 9 and DragonBlast Off
8 December 2010 10:43 a.m. EST
SpaceX has launched the Falcon 9rocket, carrying the first ever operational Dragon spacecraft to orbit.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
Countdown Resumed Toward SecondDragon Launch Attempt
8 December 2010 10:30 a.m. EST
SpaceX launch control teams havereportedly fixed the issue that caused the abort during the first launchattempt this morning. According to SpaceX officials, the problem was a falseabort on the Ordinance Interruptor (OI) ground feedback. The company will nowtarget a launch time of 10:43 a.m. EST (1503 GMT).
In a Twitter update from NASA'sKennedy Space Center, officials said, "This morning's abort resulted froma false indicator for the Falcon 9's ordnance interrupter, part of the rocket'sflight termination system."
Watch the launch LIVE here.
SpaceX Sets New Launch Time After First Attempt Abort
8 December 2010 9:43 a.m. EST
SpaceX launch control teams havereportedly fixed the issue that caused the abort during the first launchattempt this morning. According to SpaceX officials, the problem was a falseabort on the Ordinance Interruptor (OI) ground feedback. The company will nowtarget a launch time of 10:43 a.m. EST (1543 GMT).
In a Twitter update from NASA'sKennedy Space Center, officials said, "This morning's abort resulted froma false indicator for the Falcon 9's ordnance interrupter, part of the rocket'sflight termination system."
Watchthe launch LIVE here.
First Attempt at SpaceX Launch Aborted
8 December 2010 9:07 a.m. EST
SpaceX has aborted its firstattempt to launch the Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon capsule this morning. Thecompany still has two launch windows to try again.
"Wehave an abort on terminal count," a SpaceX launch commentator said.
Theabort took place just under three minutes before launch. The countdown clock isbeing reset to the T-13 mark, and the next scheduled attempt will take place at10:42 a.m. EST (1542 GMT).
Watchthe launch LIVE here.
'All Systems Go' for SpaceX Launch
8 December 2010 8:48 a.m. EST
Everything remains on track for a 9:06 a.m. EST (1406 GMT)launch. In an update posted to NASA's Twitter account, officials said, "Bothstages of the Falcon 9 launch vehicle are loaded with fuel and are being toppedoff. Weather looks good for 9:06 a.m. EST liftoff."
"The SpaceX Launch director has asked the Range SafetyOfficer to check the range. All systems are go," they added soon after.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
SpaceX Targets New Launch Time
8 December 2010 8:15 a.m. EST
A new launch time has been set for the liftoff of SpaceX'sFalcon 9 rocket and Dragon capsule this morning. The company is aiming for 9:06a.m. EST (1406 GMT).
Current weather conditions here at Cape Canaveral are coldbut clear.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
Countdown Begins for SpaceX Launch
8 December 2010 6:48 a.m. EST
The countdown clocks are now ticking down the hours andminutes to the launch of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule.SpaceX is aiming to launch at 9:03 a.m. EST (1403 GMT). The company has between9:00 a.m. EST (1400 GMT) and 12:22 p.m. EST (1722 GMT) to launch within thecurrent window.
Watch the launch LIVE here.
SpaceX Prepares for First Launch of Private UnmannedSpace Capsule
8 December 2010 6:28 a.m. EST
Commercial spaceflight company SpaceX is set to launch itsFalcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule on its inaugural test flight thismorning. The company has between 9:00 a.m. EST (1400 GMT) and 12:22 p.m. EST(1722 GMT) to launch within this window.
SpaceX Prepares for First Launch of Private UnmannedSpace Capsule
8 December 2010 6:28 a.m. EST
Commercial spaceflight company SpaceX is set to launch itsFalcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule on its inaugural test flight thismorning. The company has between 9:00 a.m. EST (1400 GMT) and 12:22 p.m. EST(1722 GMT) to launch within this window.
NASA TV will air live coverage of the launch beginning at8:55 a.m. EST (1355 GMT). Watch the live webcast here.
Read SPACE.com's previewstory here.
SpaceX Clears Falcon 9 Rocket and Dragon Capsule forLaunch
7 December 2010 11:17 p.m. EST
After a 24 hour delay to repair a cracked engine nozzle,SpaceX has cleared its Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon space capsule for launchtomorrow (Dec. 8).
The private spaceflight company is making final preparationsto launch the Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft on its maiden test flighttomorrow morning from Launch Complex 40 here in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The launchwindow opens at 9:00 a.m. EST (1400 GMT) and closes at 12:22 p.m. EST (1722GMT).
In an update posted to SpaceX's official Twitter accountlate tonight (Dec. 7), company officials wrote: "Still looks good fortomorrow. Get some rest, it?s going to be an early morning!"
Read SPACE.com's previewstory here.
? Top10 Private Spaceships Becoming Reality
? Gallery:Photos of the Dragon Space Capsule, DragonVideo
? INFOGRAPHIC:Inside Look at SpaceX's Dragon Capsule
You can follow SPACE.com Staff Writer Denise Chow onTwitter @denisechow.
Improvements to the railway network serving the Avonmouth industrial zone have boosted passenger numbers and reduced dependence on the car.
But timetables are not yet geared to shift patterns in the Local Enterprise Zones and employment hotspots – and are not likely to be freed up before the four-tracking of the main Temple Meads to Filton Abbeywood line is completed sometime in 2019/20.
New research undertaken by the Severnside Community Rail Partnership has highlighted the disconnect between timetables and shift patterns – especially the giant warehouse and distribution centres growing up within the West's primary logistic hub.
The Severnside Railway initiative is to be applauded for the range of improvements carried out at Severn Beach and presently underway at Avonmouth Railway station.
According to the group's figures, the Severn Beach line has seen a dramatic increase of passenger numbers, up 28 per cent over the last 18 months at Avonmouth and a massive 46 per cent at Severn Beach.
The group has been talking to local rail users, operators and businesses in the area to determine how the timetables could be adjusted to better serve their workforce: the train services have not been altered for around ten years.
The Severnside Community Rail Partnership carried out research with Great Western, focusing on who was using the trains and what their issues were.
Their conclusion is that any attempt to adjust the timetable on the Severn Beach to coincide with Metrowest will not be possible until 2019 when the four tracking between Temple Meads and Filton Abbey Wood will create room for an increase in services to Severn Beach.
As things stand, the timetable cannot be adjusted as there is no spare capacity going in to Temple Meads.
The Partnership also asked employers about local rail services and discovered many of them felt the services were too irregular and that many of the new logistics centres growing up in Severnside were too far from the stations.
Many workers were using the train as far as the local stations and either walking or cycling to their place of work. The majority of casual and temporary workers live in the Stapleton Road and Easton areas of Bristol and rely on the railway to get to work.
The group has discovered that current train timetables essentially date from 2007 and are more focussed on journeys to Bristol (and Clifton Down) than on serving the needs of work journeys in the Avonmouth / Severnside area. And while many of the employers in the area work a seven day week shift pattern, the train service is very poor on Sundays.
The restoration of the four tracking of Filton Bank in 2018 – will allow a half hourly service to Avonmouth and an hourly service on to Severn Beach.
And it can't come a moment too soon as Bristol is groaning under the strain of chronic congestion. An improved rail service is clearly an important element in the solution.
Bruton Knowles is lending its weight to organisations such as Severnside Community Rail Partnership which is actively seeking solutions rather than identifying the problems – but what we really need is a travel plan in place which gives workers the option of leaving their cars at home and using the train network instead.
Paul Matthews is head of Bruton Knowles' Bristol office
Read more: ‘Boats are terrible people'
Press Information Bureau
Government Of India
Ministry of Home Affairs
(29-December, 2014 15:06 IST )
SMART Police Stations in each State shortly
The Prime Minister of India had introduced the concept of SMART Police (S-Sensitive and Strict; M-Modern with mobility; A- Alert and Accountable; R- Reliable and Responsive; T- Trained and Techno-savvy) during the 49th Directors General/ Inspectors General Annual Conference at Guwahati on Nov. 30, 2014.
Union Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh as a first step towards SMART policing, has decided to establish one model SMART Police Station in each State and has asked the State Governments to submit their proposals with specific location and components by January 31, 2015. MHA has decided to allocate specific funds for setting up of SMART Police Stations in each state shortly.
MHA will work with State Governments for setting up more SMART Police Stations during the next financial year. Efforts will also be made to involve the private sector and their Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programmes to expand the roll out of SMART Police Stations.
The SMART Police Station would become the foundation towards SMART policing. A SMART Police Station should be citizen friendly and clean. It should also meet the operational and welfare needs of the police personnel posted there. Some suggested features of a SMART Police Station are:
• Basic amenities for visitors, waiting area, toilets, drinking water, Receptionist whom the visitors can meet.
• Restroom for constables, including separate room for women constables.
• Natural lighting and ventilation, solar lighting, energy saving features.
• CCTV, Safe & secure Armoury, Record Room, Communication Room for wireless, computers etc.
• Automated kiosks for filing of complaints by public (with a back-end system for tracking follow-up action).
The Police Station is the key functional unit from where the police discharges its tasks of maintenance of law & order and investigation of cases etc. The Police Station is also the primary point of interaction between the citizens and the police.
******
KSD/PK/AH/sk
(Release ID :114165)
According to a daily poll by Opinionway, French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has widened the lead over centrist rival Emmanuel Macron to 2 percent in the first round of voting.
© REUTERS / Charles Platiau Le Pen Believes French Government's Counterterrorism Efforts Insufficient
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has widened the lead over centrist rival Emmanuel Macron to 2 percent in the first round of voting, a daily poll by Opinionway showed Tuesday.
National Front leader Le Pen is ahead with 26 percent of projected votes. Macron, an independent, is trailing behind with 24 percent, while support for Francois Fillon, a conservative contender from The Republicans party, stands at 20 percent.
The first round of presidential election in France is scheduled for April 23, while the run-off vote is slated for May 7.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Global Ebola Outbreak? Not Quite. 7 Reasons Americans Shouldn't Panic.
The hype machine has been working overtime the past few weeks as the words “Ebola” and “outbreak” have spurred a frenzy that has turned positively infectious. While the outbreak of a deadly disease should be cause for concern, a little education might go a long way to soothe the frantic hearts of many Americans.
First, let's look at the facts: The Ebola virus (AKA Ebola virus disease or Ebola hemorrhagic fever) refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding. Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever, weakness, muscle pain, headaches and a sore throat. These symptoms later progress to vomiting, diarrhea, and impaired kidney and liver function (leading to internal and external bleeding.) It can be manifest by bleeding from the mouth, nose, and eyes. In other words, Ebola is a terrible and fairly gruesome way to die. It is partially for this reason that so many Americans are thrown into such a deep panic at the mention of the virus.
The truth is that most Americans (and other non-West-Africans) have little to worry about. Here are seven reasons to hold off on hitting the panic button:
1. Yes, it's the largest Ebola outbreak ever, but…
This year's outbreak is indeed larger than any previously recorded outbreak of the Ebola virus, but the title of “largest outbreak ever” is a bit misleading. While the average annual total of Ebola cases is below 1,000 (yes, humans have contracted the Ebola virus consistently for nearly 40 years now,) this year's total has only surpassed that number by a few hundred, reaching 1,711 cases to date. In addition, the virus has thus far remained in a very small – and very underdeveloped – geographical area in West Africa.
2. How many have died?
According to the World Health Organization, as of August 4, 2014, a total of 1,711 patients were identified as either having “suspect,” “probable,” or “confirmed” cases of Ebola. 932 of those 1,711 have died, a mortality rate of about 54% (drastically lower than the 90% mortality rate of the original Zaire outbreak in 1976.) Almost all of these cases have occurred in the West African countries of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
By contrast, somewhere around 30,000 Americans die each year from influenza. Yes, the flu.
3. How is it transmitted?
Because Ebola is not a respiratory disease like the flu, it is not transmitted through the air. According to Dr. Amesh Adalja, an infectious disease physician at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, the virus is only spread through direct contact with an infected person. He reminds travelers that, “The important thing to remember is that Ebola is only spread through contact with blood and body fluids. People with Ebola are only contagious when they are showing symptoms.”
For this and other reasons, you are unlikely to pass an Ebola carrier on the sidewalk (or any other place.) If you still aren't convinced, go ahead and skip to #7.
4. Why isn't this contained?
The World Health Organization says it is believed that fruit bats are the natural hosts of the Ebola virus in Africa, passing the virus to other animals as well as humans. Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals (often through preparing meals made from brush animals) or the bodily fluids of infected humans.
While the virus is believed to be able to survive for some days in liquid outside an infected organism, chlorine disinfection, heat, direct sunlight, soaps and detergents can kill it. The sad reality is that the rural areas thus far affected by the Ebola outbreak do not have modern sanitation or medical practices available to them. They rely on, in many cases, on superstitious beliefs and primitive practices to ineffectively ward off the causes of the deadly disease.
5. What makes it so difficult to treat?
Ebola – like the flu and the common cold – is a virus. For that reason it cannot be treated using antibiotics. In addition, those who are infected with the Ebola virus are most commonly out of the reach of competent, sanitary, preventative health measures.
For the time being, patients with Ebola are treated with supportive therapy. This includes balancing their fluids, maintaining their oxygen levels and blood pressure, and treating them for any complicating infections, the CDC says.
6. Are we developing a Cure?
ZMapp – a highly experimental and unproven drug – has already been successfully administered to at least two Americans who contracted the Ebola virus while volunteering in Africa. Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol's conditions significantly improved after receiving the medication. Brantly was able to walk into Emory University Hospital in Atlanta (escorted by CDC workers in full protective Tyvek® suits) after being evacuated to the United States last week, and Writebol is expected to arrive in Atlanta on Tuesday to undergo further treatment and observation.
It is important to note that ZMapp not been approved for human use and has not even gone through the clinical trial process, which is standard to prove the safety and efficacy of a medication. It may have been given under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's “compassionate use” regulation, which allows access to investigational drugs outside clinical trials.
7. Could this spread in US?
In short, it is unlikely that the disease will become widespread in the U.S. Federal agents at U.S. airports are watching travelers from Africa for flu-like symptoms. Border patrol agents at Washington's Dulles International Airport and New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, in particular, are watching for signs of fever, achiness, sore throat, stomach pain, rash or red eyes. The CDC also has staff at 20 U.S. airports and border crossings. Any passenger suspected of carrying the deadly virus would be quarantined immediately and evaluated by medical personnel, CDC said.
In addition, Susan M. Grant, Head RN of Emory Hospital in Atlanta, told the Washington Post Wednesday that her facility “Has a unit created specifically for these types of highly infectious patients, and our staff is thoroughly trained in infection control procedures and protocols. But beyond that, the public alarm overlooks the foundational mission of the U.S. medical system. The purpose of any hospital is to care for the ill and advance knowledge about human health. At Emory, our education, research, dedication and focus on quality — essentially everything we do — is in preparation to handle these types of cases.”
For now, Americans can take courage knowing they remain safe from Ebola becoming endemic in the U.S. And no amount of fictional literature or fear-mongering press can change that.
Information from NBC, CNN, and the World Health Organization was used in this article.
WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO KNOW ABOUT CHARDONNAY?
It's a grape. In fact Chardonnay is the white grape of Burgundy, or Bourgogne, if you're going native; its red sibling is Pinot Noir, and two more diametrically opposed personalities would be hard to find – assuming grapes can have personalities. Anthropomorphically speaking, Pinot Noir is a proper little diva, very temperamental about leaving home soil and prone to hissy fits in the winery. Chardonnay, on the other hand, could not be more amenable and is happy to perform almost anywhere, though it takes to the chalk and limestone soils of Burgundy and Champagne like a duck to water.
Left to its own devices, Chardonnay is a fairly neutral grape, which, of course, makes it ideal as a base wine for Champagne. It adapts to and reflects most climates and soil-types (what the French call terroir), presenting a blank(ish) canvas for the winemaker to show off his skills. It is particularly susceptible to the toasty, vanilla influence of new oak. No wonder winemakers love it.
Try These Joseph Drouhin Puligny-Montrachet Premier Cru Les Folatières 2009
Mere fruit descriptions cannot do this wine justice. It's everything a great white Burgundy should be; elegant, complex, intense, outstanding, expensive, though a snip at £35.62 from March 27 to April 2. Soft and rich with citrus notes kissed by oak and balanced with crisp acidity (13.5% alcohol).
£47.50, Waitrose Vasse Felix Chardonnay 2011
If the Burgundy (above) is expensive, this wine from Western Australia certainly qualifies as un-cheap, but, hey, you're worth it. Matured in French oak barriques (that's barrels) for nine months, its toasty and nutty with lashings of peach and tropical fruits with a touch of vanilla (12.5%).
£15.99, Majestic Errazuriz Chardonnay 2011
From Chile's Casablanca Valley laden with tropical fruits. All the ‘P's – pineapple, peaches, passion fruit and papaya, supported by a light toastiness and bright acidity with a crisp, fresh, dry finish. Beautifully balanced.
£9.99, Majestic Blason de Bourgogne St Veran 2010
A more budget-conscious Burgundy from the Blason co-operative and widely available to boot. There are tropical hints to this wine but most of the fruit comes from the ripe apple and pear spectrum. Mellow and easy-drinking, unadorned by oak. The 2010 Burgundy vintage, as you know, is shaping up to be a corker (13%).
£10.99, Sainsbury's, Tesco, Waitrose Brancott Estate Gisborne Unoaked Chardonnay
An on-trend unoaked Chardonnay from New Zealand. It's a pale and peachy fruit-driven style with pineapples and apricots and a crisp, clean, fresh finish, despite a cheeky hint of toffee-apple (13%).
£9.98, Asda
WHERE IS IT MAINLY GROWN?
It is Chardonnay's chameleon-like qualities that have taken it into every corner of the winemaking world, with the obvious exception of Bordeaux where there are strict appellation controlée rules about this sort of thing. Today, Chardonnay is cultivated from Hungary to Greece, from New York State to England, making every conceivable style of white wine, some good, some not so good.
Despite recent ‘handbags' with Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay remains the most popular white grape in the world – which can, of course, be a real problem for wine snobs, who like to deride it as the ‘new Liebfraumilch' (ouch!).
This is how we've reached the farcical situation where the principal white grape of Burgundy, Chablis and Champagne, can be dismissed as naff.
WHAT SHOULD I SAY ABOUT THE TASTE?
It is ironic that before the Australians started exporting their big, buxom Chardonnays in the mid-1980s, and slapped the name ‘Chardonnay' across the labels, very few people outside the pin-striped inner sanctum of the wine trade (and bluffers, obviously) had heard of it. How were casual drinkers to know that the Grand Crus wines of Burgundy, enigmatically labeled as Puligny-Montrachet or Corton-Charlemagne, for example, are also made from this ‘Chardonnay' stuff? You certainly couldn't tell by tasting the wines. As you might expect of European aristocracy, Burgundian Chardonnays are elegant, rich, reserved and slightly nutty, while the tropical Aussie version , as favoured by Bridget Jones, is bursting with ripe pineapple chunks, butterscotch and vanilla (from new oak barrels), with all the finesse of a chimp riding a unicycle.
WHY IS IT SO DERIDED?
Needless to say, this Aussie version became massively popular, with Chardonnay, as a girl's name, peaking in popularity in 1996. The backlash was inevitable. Having championed New World blockbuster Chardonnays (because it's always fun to wind up the French), British wine writers leapt on the next bandwagon, announcing that British wine drinkers (most of whom wouldn't know that Chardonnay is a grape) were suddenly bored with it. Even John Major came out and described himself as ‘ABC' (Anything But Chardonnay). As an aficionado, however, you know better.
SO WHY IS IT OK TO SAY CHARDONNAY'S NOW COOL?
‘Site selection' (matching a grape variety to the most appropriate patch of dirt) and ‘cool-climate' are winemaking buzzwords right now, especially in ‘New World' wine countries like the USA and Australia without centuries of winemaking tradition. You can explain how producers are toning down their Chardonnays, according to current fashion, by planting their grapes in cooler regions – usually cooled by sea breezes or high altitude. The longer, slower ripening period produces grapes with more freshness and acidity, less oomph and alcohol; more green-apple flavours and less of that hefty tropical nonsense. At the same time, winemakers are becoming less ‘heavy-handed' in their use of oak, toning down the toasty, vanilla flavours so they become ‘more integrated'; and sometimes eliminating oak altogether. The result is ‘better balance' which is A Good Thing. Describe the leaner, more acidic Chardonnays as ‘racy and ‘nervy'. Learn some of these phrases and speak patronizingly about wine regions ‘growing up'.
WHERE ARE THE BEST ‘COOL CLIMATE' CHARDONNAYS MADE?
Look out for the coastal regions of Margaret River (not cheap) and Great Southern in Western Australia; higher-altitude Eden and Clare Valleys and Adelaide Hills in South Australia; the magnificently named Tumbarumba in the Australian Alps in New South Wales; the so-called ‘Dress Circle', the arc of regions around Melbourne, namely Geelong, Macedon Ranges, Mornington Peninsula, Gippsland and especially the Yarra Valley; Beechworth in Victoria; and Tasmania is so cool it's positively hot, especially in the sub-regions of Pipers River and Tamar Valley. Namedrop Yattarna, Penfold's flagship, and therefore most expensive, Chardonnay.
In California the Napa Valley is cooled by sea breezes and morning fog rolling in off the Pacific. Meanwhile, the cool conditions of Carneros and Anderson Valley have attracted Chardonnay and Champagne producers, Taittinger and Louis Roederer. Russian River in Sonoma is another Chardonnay hotspot (in a cool way, obviously) and home to the eminently droppable name of Kistler Vineyards.
In Marlborough on New Zealand's South Island the Chardonnays are catching up with the famous Sauvignon Blancs; while Gisborne on the North Island is the self-proclaimed ‘Chardonnay capital of New Zealand'.
In Chile look out for Chardonnay from the Limari and Casablanca Valleys and the southernmost region of Bio-Bio, where the cooler temperatures have lured winemakers from Bordeaux and Burgundy.
Comment condescendingly that although Chardonnay hasn't traditionally been grown in South Africa it is catching on there now, and South Africa is making some of the most exciting New World Chardonnays. This is the sort of sweeping generalization that is bread and butter to the seasoned bluffer. You might like to add that Walker Bay and Elgin are two fancied cool-climate regions with a penchant for both Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. Of course it makes perfect sense that Burgundy's red and white grapes are likely to thrive in the same places.
GO BACK A BIT. SO CHABLIS IS REALLY A CHARDONNAY?
Insofar as it's made from Chardonnay grapes, yes. Traditional style Chablis, aged in inert containers made of concrete or stainless steel, is probably the leanest, meanest, steeliest expression of Chardonnay, a million miles from the rich, toasty styles achieved by ageing Chardonnay in new oak. However, there has been a move by some producers towards oak-ageing Chablis with a view to softening its harder edges. Look wistfully at the glass in your hand and adopt the stance of the purist for effect. Say, ‘I do wish they'd stop corrupting Chablis with oak. It masks that incomparable gout de Pierre a fusil.' This, of course, means ‘taste of gunflint', which, we all know, is how to describe the mineral qualities of traditional Chablis.
AND CHAMPAGNE?
Chardonnay is blended with Pinot Noir and another red grape, Pinot Meunier, to make Champagne; unless the wine is labeled as Blanc de Blancs, denoting that it is made exclusively from Chardonnay and therefore, generally, a lighter style. As you admire the fine mousse (bubbles) in your glass, explain how Pinot Noir gives strength and body to Champagne, Pinot Meunier brings freshness and youth, while Chardonnay imparts elegance and finesse. It helps if you sound like that bloke off the Cointreau advert.
MAXIMUM BLUFFING VALUE
If the Chardonnay you're drinking strikes you as soft, rich and buttery, claim that you're picking up the telltale signs of ‘malolactic' fermentation. This is a winemaking technique, popular in Burgundy, whereby harsh malic acid is converted into softer lactic acid. Who cares if you're wrong? No one will know.
DO SAY ‘Aussie Chardonnays are showing a good deal more restraint these days, don't you find?'
DON'T SAY ‘This Aussie Chardonnay reminds me of Shane Warne post-Liz-Hurley makeover.'
Jonathan Goodall
FNC's Tucker Carlson opines about the lack of trust the public has in the FBI and other federal law enforcement agencies in a statement so significant the president recommends you watch it:
What was Paddock's motive? How could police possibly allow his house to be burgled? Why was Paddock's computer hard drive missing, and why did it take us so long to learn it was missing? Why did security guard Jesus Campos travel to Mexico just days after the shooting, despite being a key witness? And why do authorities refuse to talk about that? Why have all of his media appearances been tightly managed by his employer MGM?
And more than anything, what is the actual timeline of this shooting? What happened and when did it happen, and why in the world is it still so hard to get a straight answer?
To those longstanding questions, we can add a few more: Why did we only learn today from the Clark County Sheriff that Paddock's girlfriend could be withholding important information in this case? If in fact, she knows more than she is saying, why isn't she being interviewed right now?
We also discovered today that a police officer 'accidentally' fired his gun in the hotel suite on the night of the shooting. How did that happen? Guns don't often accidentally discharge, they are accidentally fired. What were the circumstances of this firing?
We're not trying to push a wild conspiracy theory here -- It is possible the Trilateral Commission was involved -- but the more likely, and in fact, far more terrifying explanation s incompetence. The people running this case don't really know what they're doing.
You hate to conclude something like that, but it is becoming hard not to. Especially when you consider the Las Vegas case in its larger context. This is not the only federal investigation that is shaking public confidence recently.
Consider the others: The FBI had Omar Mateen under surveillance for ten months, and yet somehow didn't hinder his planning or execution of the Pulse nightclub massacre. The FBI was also apparently aware of NYC killer Sayful Saipov, Ft. Hood shooter Nadal Hassan, Boston bomber Tamerland Tsarnaev, and a list of other killers -- but failed to stop any of their attacks. How come?
The FBI famously investigated Hillary Clinton's email server for more than a year, during which time, for some reason, the bureau gave immunity to several top aides for no obvious reason, and failed to tape record key interview. Why is that?
Speaking of emails, the FBI never examined the DNC's email server after it was supposedly hacked. Instead, they just accepted the claim of a private contractor employed by the Democratic Party that the hacking was the work of the Russian government. Why didn't one of the bureau's many tech teams conduct its own investigation of a matter this important and politically sensitive?
Meanwhile, in case after case, the FBI's supposedly incorruptible white collar division has leaked sensitive details of current investigations to the press. How does behavior like that restore public confidence in federal law enforcement? It doesn't of course, and it shouldn't.
We have a right to be worried about the FBI. There is no more powerful federal agency in this country. They can read your email. They can root through your bank records. They can break down the front door of your house and arrest you in front of your children. Lying to them is a federal crime. We need to be absolutely certain the FBI is worthy of the power we give them.
What happened in Las Vegas is one of many reasons to wonder if they are.
I am currently studying for a year in a foreign country where I can speak a little of the language, but not at all fluently. It is a Friday afternoon, and as I am Sabbath-observant, I must arrive at my destination before dark.
I am currently at the central bus station, frantically trying to locate the platform for my intercity bus. I have no idea where to find it, and even cross the street, but cannot find the appropriate number.
A younger man with a bicycle asks if I am okay. I shakily explain my predicament to him; and he attempts to tell me where to take the bus. My language skills are not great and he can tell that I don't understand, and simply tells me to follow him.
He shows me to use a particular tunnel to cross another street to get to my platform. Then he rides his bicycle past me as I run. When I get to the bus, I see that he has his front bicycle wheel on the bus, holding it for me.
Please note that this was not his bus. He took time out of his day and probably went in the wrong direction to help me.
So, thank you, amazing stranger, for taking the time to show a confused, frightened girl where to catch her bus, and then for holding it for her. I honestly think that it was the nicest, most selfless, thing anyone has ever done for me.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman. As President Obama continued a recent tradition of granting a presidential pardon to the holiday bird just ahead of Thanksgiving, critics pointed out he has shown less mercy towards prisoners deserving clemency. During his presidency, Obama has pardoned 10 turkeys, while he's pardoned or commuted the sentences of only 39 people, the fewest pardons of any modern president. The turkeys, Caramel and Popcorn, were granted reprieve at a ceremony at the White House on Wednesday.
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: Now, before these turkeys get away, with the power vested in me, I want to grant Popcorn a full reprieve. Come on. I want to—Popcorn, you have a full reprieve from cranberry sauce and stuffing. We wish you well. And we're going to give Caramel a break, as well. All right?
AMY GOODMAN: President Obama has pardoned two birds each Thanksgiving for the past five years. In both 2009 and 2012, he pardoned more turkeys than people. Overall, Obama has granted clemency to just 39 people. At the same point in his presidency, Ronald Reagan had pardoned 313 people. Harry Truman pardoned 1,537 people. According to an analysis last year by ProPublica, which studied applications for pardons processed by the Justice Department, Obama has granted clemency to just 2 percent of applicants.
To talk more about this, we're joined by Anthony Papa, artist, writer, noted advocate against the war on drugs. He served 12 years in prison for a first-time nonviolent drug offense. He was freed only after being granted executive clemency by then-New York Governor George Pataki. Tony Papa is co-founder of the Mothers of the New York Disappeared and works as the media manager at the Drug Policy Alliance. He's also author of 15 to Life: How I Painted My Way to Freedom , and he just published a Huffington Post_ piece headlined, “President Obama, Pardon Both the Turkey and Drug War Prisoners for the Holidays.”
Welcome to Democracy Now!, Tony. It's great to have you back. First, talk about your own story very briefly, if you would.
ANTHONY PAPA: Well, I was a first-time nonviolent drug offender, that basically in 1985 I made the biggest mistake of my life. I brought an envelope up from the Bronx to Mount Vernon for $500. It was an envelope containing four ounces of cocaine. I walked into a police sting operation. I did everything I could do wrong, and eventually I was sentenced to 15 years to life under the Rockefeller drug laws of New York state, went to prison, was lost, didn't know what to do, discovered my talent as an artist as I transcended the negativity of imprisonment, and basically painted a self-portrait in 1988. One night I was sitting in my cell, picked up a mirror; I looked in the mirror, I saw an individual who's going to spend the most productive years of his life in a cage; painted the self-portrait, and it appeared at the Whitney Museum of American Art about seven years later. And I was granted—I got a lot of publicity on my case and was granted executive clemency by Governor George Pataki. I came out, wanted to do something about those that I left behind, so I started a group, co-founded a group, Mothers of the New York Disappeared, became a leading activist in New York state to fight the draconian Rockefeller drug laws. Basically, the laws had a couple of revisions, and then in, recently, 2009, Governor Paterson stepped up to the plate and reformed the Rockefeller drug laws in a historic way.
AMY GOODMAN: And explain the whole concept of mandatory minimums, which the Rockefeller drug laws were based on.
ANTHONY PAPA: Right, mandatory minimums is, you take away the discretion of the judges to look at the totality of facts. So, basically, the judge in my case didn't want to sentence me to 15 years to life, but he had to because of mandatory minimum sentencing, which dictates that he had to do it.
AMY GOODMAN: So, talk about your piece that you wrote for The Huffington Post, “President Obama, Pardon Both the Turkey and Drug War Prisoners for the Holidays.”
ANTHONY PAPA: That piece—every year at about this time, I always write a letter, a request to the sitting governor of New York state, which is Andrew Cuomo now. And in the request, I ask if they can use their clemency powers to address the issue of people who were sentenced to draconian sentences under mandatory minimum sentencing that are stuck in prison. They have no judicial relief left but to—the only way out to get their freedom is for the governor to grant them executive clemency. And in the case of federal prisoners, right now, Obama, with his administration, who recently spoke out about mandatory minimum sentencing through Attorney General Holder a couple of months ago, called for changing these mandatory minimum sentencing laws because the system became broken because of it. I mean, 2.3 million Americans locked up, 500,000 because of the drug war, in the federal system over 100,000, so that there's got to be somebody that's eligible for executive clemency. I mean, look, if you could give a turkey a second chance, why can't you give a nonviolent drug offender a second chance?
AMY GOODMAN: Let's go to that speech of Eric Holder, the attorney general, unveiling this major policy shift to help certain low-level drug offenders avoid harsh mandatory minimum prison sentences. This was an address to the American Bar Association. He announced a review of the racial sentencing disparities.
ATTORNEY GENERAL ERIC HOLDER: Today a vicious cycle of poverty, criminality and incarceration traps too many Americans and weakens too many communities. And many aspects of our criminal justice system may actually exacerbate these problems rather than alleviate them. It's clear, as we come together today, that too many Americans go to too many prisons for far too long and for no truly good law enforcement reason.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Eric Holder. Anthony Papa, your response?
ANTHONY PAPA: Well, look, I think I congratulate Eric Holder and the Obama administration, and these are words. And I don't know how they're going to affect people who are sentenced under the draconian drug law sentencing and who are stuck in prison. I am hoping that he comes through and in some way these mandatory minimum sentencings would be revised and people would get some relief. My whole thing is, I would ask President Obama, why not help those prisoners? In 2010, he signed in to legislation new revised crack cocaine sentencing, where the 100-and-one ratio went away and 18-and-one came into place, and it affected people. But there's about 5,000 prisoners who that law didn't affect, because it wasn't applied retroactively. So I would say, with a swipe of a pen, you could save these 5,000 people who are stuck in prison under old crack cocaine laws, which, if they were made retroactive, they would be free anyway.
AMY GOODMAN: So let me ask you about the ACLU, the American Civil Liberties Union, which found more than 3,200 people nationwide serving terms, life terms without parole for nonviolent offenses, 80 percent of them behind bars for drug-related offenses—65 percent African-American, 18 percent white, 16 percent Latino—evidence of what the ACLU calls “extreme racial disparities.” This is a clip from a video that features family members of some of the more than 600 prisoners it profiles.
SARLOWER SURRY: Everything he did was to hurt himself, not others. And it went from—from one-year sentence to two-year sentence to natural life.
CASHAWNA TILMAN: My dad will never get out for something so little? Natural life.
LORETTA LUMAR: For stealing a $150 jacket. And that $150 jacket got him life in prison.
SARLOWER SURRY: Here in Louisiana, they use that habitual offender law: Three strikes, you automatically get natural life.
CATHERINE MATTHEWS: It's like giving him a death sentence, because this is no life—no life for a man with his children or his parents or anybody else, once they're in there.
BURL CAIN: Judge should have the discretion not to give a life sentence. I mean, that's extreme. You tell that to anybody, they'll say, “Ah, nah-uh, that's a little bit too much.” That almost gets to be the point that that's not what the forefathers envisioned, even with the Constitution. That's extreme. That's cruel and unusual punishment, to me.
CASHAWNA TILMAN: He's a good person, my dad. I mean, he's always—like I said, he's always been there for me and my sister and brother. He's always done his best, until he started abusing the drugs.
CATHERINE MATTHEWS: And a lot of times with Patrick, with the drugs, it came down to not being able to find work.
SARLOWER SURRY: Life sentence is no way to deal with a drug addiction.
EISIBE SNEED: My son wasn't a menace to society.
DELOICE LEWIS: He would give his shirt off his back.
CATHERINE MATTHEWS: And being so tenderhearted in a place like that, it just doesn't fit. It's changed him that way, because I notice he is getting a little colder. I find that he's not believing and he's not keeping his faith as much. He's not—like, he's like, “I'm about ready to give up on this.”
WILLIE COMBS: Oh, it's been hard. I go down there and see him. I can hardly stand to leave him, but I know I have to go. It is hard. It is hard.
CATHERINE MATTHEWS: To tell him what I ate for Thanksgiving, and he couldn't eat it, you know, it's hard. It's little things like that.
DELOICE LEWIS: And my birthday coming up, and those are days I break.
BURL CAIN: But if this person can go back and be a productive citizen and not commit crimes again, these nonviolent crimes, then why are we keeping him here, spending all this money? Because maybe I've done my job, so he should have a parole hearing.
SARLOWER SURRY: There are too many families that's suffering out here.
LORETTA LUMAR: Give him a second chance. He's 54 years old now.
WILLIE COMBS: I'm looking for things to change.
CATHERINE MATTHEWS: Because these boys are just getting wasted away in these prisons for no reason.
AMY GOODMAN: That is an ACLU video of people talking about their loved ones in prison. Yesterday, The Washington Post had an editorial, “Obama Neglects His Power to Pardon.” “At least Mr. Obama is aware [that] he possesses the power of clemency. Unpardonably, though,” The Washington Post writes, “with the exception of the silly Thanksgiving ritual in which he spares a turkey by executive order, he virtually never discusses this prerogative, and [he] rarely uses it.” They end this first paragraph by saying, “In fact, no modern president comes close to Mr. Obama in meting out mercy so rarely and so stingily.” And they go on, Anthony Papa, to cite your piece in The Huffington Post, saying, “As Huffington Post noted, so far in his presidency Mr. Obama has pardoned about the same number of drug offenders (11) as turkeys (10).”
ANTHONY PAPA: Right. I guess he likes turkeys better than drug offenders. You know, if I had to tell you—send a message to President Obama, I would tell him that, you know, because of my personal experience, and I received executive clemency, it saved my life. It saves the lives of many who have fallen through the cracks of the criminal justice system, and it wrongs the rights of laws that are very draconian in nature. And I think the powers of clemency should be exercised more. Look, politicians don't get political points from giving clemencies or pardons, but if you look at it at a humanistic view, where compassion is used by these individuals, people make mistakes in their lives, and they need to—and hopefully they could change their lives while inside, but they get stuck because of these draconian mandatory minimum sentencing laws. So hopefully President Obama will exercise his pardon powers, commutation powers more, and also governors. Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York, since he's been in office, he hasn't given one clemency or pardon. So, even Andrew Cuomo is afraid to use the pardon power, I guess because there's no real way to score politically, and it only could be a negative aspect, looking at it.
AMY GOODMAN: I mean, you were just recently on a panel at the New School—
ANTHONY PAPA: Right.
AMY GOODMAN: —with governors, judges.
ANTHONY PAPA: Right, in a—it was with former governors, and they—Governor Eldridge, Senator Kerry, and they all talked about this issue, that these people who are—they're not using their pardon powers enough. There's actually a group of ex-governors now, with Jason Flom and his people, put together this panel of ex-governors that are trying to influence sitting governors to use the issue of pardons and their powers of commutation more.
AMY GOODMAN: For those who are interested, the way The Washington Post ends is citing exactly what President Obama's power is, that he “can act in selected cases on his own, empowered by Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution, which permits him the ability 'to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States.'” They said, “That virtually unrestricted power has been used too sparingly for many years.” In your case, we'll end, Anthony, by you talking about how in prison you found art as your form of liberation, that ultimately gained you the attention that got you out of jail.
ANTHONY PAPA: Right. I transcended the negativity of imprisonment, that the situation where I discovered my talent as an artist, I found meaning in my life. There are many individuals in prison under these draconian drug laws, under mandatory minimum sentencing, who are stuck there, and they have no other relief than to ask those who are sitting in power, these politicians who have the power to commute, the power to give pardons and executive clemency, and I'm asking them to look at this issue and please help these people regain their freedom. They deserve to come home to their families.
AMY GOODMAN: Anthony Papa, I want to thank you being with us, artist, writer, noted advocate against the war on drugs, co-founder of Mothers of the New York Disappeared, works at Drug Policy Alliance, author of the book 15 to Life: How I Painted My Way to Freedom . We'll link to your article at The Huffington Post headlined “President Obama, Pardon Both the Turkey and Drug War Prisoners for the Holidays.”
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. When we come back, what happened in over 1,500 box stores, particularly Wal-Mart stores, the protests that took place over Thanksgiving. Stay with us.
Returns and exchange details
Defects/Shipping Damages
We will repair or replace all defective merchandise for a similar, equivalent item. Please contact us before returning any products. If items are received damaged, contact us immediately so we can make a shipping damage claim. If cartons appear damaged when delivered, please take photos of the boxes before opening them. Call us immediately if the goods are also damaged, so we can file claim with the courier.
Return Policy
Please inspect your merchandise the day it arrives. We want all our customers to be satisfied with their purchase, but if you are not, contact us to let us know that you plan to return an item. We only accept returns within 10 working days of your receipt of the merchandise. Returns requested after 10 days will be subject to a 10% restocking fee. We will credit you for the returned item(s) providing they arrive in the same condition it left our warehouse. All returns must be packaged properly and insured for breakage and loss. Shipping charges are nonrefundable.
Cancellation
All orders canceled after production has begun (typically within 3-5 days) will incur a cancellation fee of 20% or $99 (whichever is less).
Over the next few weeks, we'll be taking a look at some of the top recruiting targets at each position group for the Tigers for the Class of 2014. Today, we start off with a look at five of Auburn's top prospects at the defensive line positions, all of whom happen to be ranked among the top overall prospects in the nation by the major recruiting services.
Da'Shawn Hand
Defensive End, Woodbridge (Woodbridge, VA)
The consensus choice of the recruiting services as the nation's No. 1 overall prospect for the Class of 2014 visited Auburn last weekend and the trip may have been enough to vault the Tigers into serious contention for the elite pass rushing-mauling monster. Hand is thought to be favoring Michigan and Virginia Tech in the early going but things could shake up when the five-star lineman starts taking official visits this fall.
Elisha Shaw
Defensive Tackle, Tucker (Tucker, GA)
This Georgia-native defensive tackle said he was close to committing to Alabama during a recent visit to Tuscaloosa but an upcoming visit to Auburn for the Tigers' Big Cat Weekend could give Malzahn and his staff an opportunity to make a move. Shaw, who is rated the nation's No. 2 defensive tackle prospect by the 247Composite rankings, has built a strong relationship with Rodney Garner and Dameyune Craig and plans to make his college decision at the Under Armour All-American Game in January.
Justin Thornton
Defensive End, Vigor (Mobile, AL)
One of the fastest-rising defensive line prospects in the Southeast, Thornton will choose between Auburn, LSU and Texas A&M on Sunday morning. The four-star rush end originally planned to make his commitment later this summer but set an announcement time for this weekend following a visit to the plains last weekend, which could be a good omen for the Tigers.
Lorenzo Carter
Defensive End, Norcross (Norcross, GA)
Norcross is one of the state of Georgia's most powerful football powerhouses and Carter is the latest star to emerge from the program. While Alabama is considered the early leader for Carter's services, Auburn's Rodney Garner has done a good job of building a relationship with Carter and keeping the Tigers in the mix along with Florida and Georgia. The 6-foot-5, 230-pounder is the consensus choice of the recruiting services as the nation's top weakside defensive end prospect.
Kendall Baker
Defensive Tackle, Marist (Atlanta, GA)
This Atlanta-area defender has taken multiple visits to Auburn this spring, including one for the A-Day game, and has the Tigers listed among his top two along with the Georgia Bulldogs. The Tigers can expect a gameday visit from the 6-foot-6, 275-pound star sometime this fall.
Test Kitchen-Approved
Author Notes: I started making this rub after reading about cowboy food, they carried with them coffee, salt, pepper and sugar...and they grilled their steaks in cast iron pans...since I do not often find myself on the open range I have to make due with either my grill or during wet yucky weather, my oven. I've added a couple of spices and few non cowboy type extras.. though I'm pretty sure if the cowboys had chocolate stout they would've enjoyed it too. ... on the rare occasions when I have been forced to camp outdoors I've brought pre rubbed steaks with me to get a taste of the old west... If you have no chocolate stout available any dark beer will do, you can also sub red wine, but it will be very different. I like to use a pre heated cast iron pan because in conducts the heat well...and you don't have to turn the meat over —Aliwaks
Food52 Review: Ground coffee, smoked paprika, cumin, ancho chile and brown sugar form an earthy, flinty rub that smells appealingly of wood smoke. Aliwaks borrows a smart technique from Indian cooking and has you toast the spices over low heat before rubbing them on the steak. Then it's just a matter of searing it in a very hot iron pan and finishing the sauce with some chocolate brown stout, beef stock and a lump of butter. We recommend some corn pudding on the side. - A&M — The Editors
Serves: 2
By Dr. Patty Khuly | vetstreet.com
Although I keep hoping that its time will come, the Internet hasn't done much to dispel some erroneous thinking on the subject of pet healthcare.
If anything, the Web is fueled by the kind of rumor mill sensibility that leads to even more misinformation on the subject of pet health and pet care. Case in point: the widespread willingness to believe that someone actually microwaved a pet to dry it off.
To that end, here's my list of urban myths that drive me crazy!
1. A Cold, Wet, Dry or Warm Nose Tells Us Something
Although some pets' noses might be capable of offering us some useful information, most of them do not - which is why veterinarians do not rely on this information at all when taking stock of a pet's history and physical exam.
SEE ALSO: How Your Veterinarian Uses His Nose to Diagnose Your Pet
2. "Happy Pet" Behavior
People have a thing about assuming that pets are really happy when they exhibit certain behaviors, which can lead to all kinds of poor decision-making. A tail wag doesn't always mean that a dog is pleased to see you. A stiff tail wag, in fact, is a sure sign that you should watch your step.
A purring cat is not always a content cat. If that were the case, my right arm wouldn't be as scratched up as it is at the moment. After the owner of a new patient swore that her cat was a "purring angel," I reached to pet her and got a sharp set of claws in response to my advance. She was purring though.
3. Bad Bloat Advice
Is there any large-breed dog disease that freaks owners out as much as gastric-dilatation volvulus (a.k.a. bloat)? Unlikely. This is probably why there's so much misinformation about the disease all over the Web and in casual conversations. Does drinking cold water give a dog bloat? No. Does using a raised feeder decrease bloat? No.
If you are concerned about bloat at all, just talk with your vet.
4. Purebreds Are Healthier Than Mutts
There's been a lot of talk about this lately. Here's the upshot: Purebreds are not necessarily healthier, because they are prone to more genetic diseases.
5. People Food Isn't for Pets
In my opinion, this lie would have you believing any comestible that doesn't come canned or kibbled is toxic, will make your pet fat or will automatically put you in the category of "bad pet parent." The unspoken corollary to this message: You need a Ph.D. in nutrition to know how to feed your pets a balanced diet - unless you offer commercial food alone.
SEE ALSO: 10 Dangerous Human Foods for Pets
6. Pregnant Women Can't Scoop Litter
I don't mind if you claim to not be able to clean the litterbox for nine whole months, but it isn't really true. Transmission of the organism that causes toxoplasmosis is not possible, as long as you scoop the poop daily, which is how you should do it anyway.
Don't believe me? Here's what the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has to say on the subject.
7. Pets Need to Lick Their Wounds
Wound licking is great for pets if they're simply getting debris off a fresh injury, but continuing to lick only exacerbates inflammation and infection. That's why e-collars exist, and any licking of a surgical site is not a good thing - regardless of what you may have heard about the healing properties of dog saliva.
8. Cats Always Land Feetfirst
I can offer you plenty of examples of a cat who made a splat and broke bones. Cats will not always land on their feet if they don't have enough time to relax and make a complete revolution in the air before landing, or if the surface they land on is irregular.
It should also be inferred from this myth-busting statement that cats do not have 9 lives.
SEE ALSO: Polydactyl Cats: Felines With Extra Toes
9. Mothers Reject Animal Babies Who've Been Held by Humans
OK, some moms will take issue with your human aroma, but the vast majority of domesticated pets won't give a rat's backside whether you touch their babes or not. Wild animals might, but birds, for instance, have little way of knowing whether you've messed with their younglings, since their sense of smell is sorely lacking.
Takeaway points: Feel free to play with newborn puppies and kittens. Downed nests (or babies) should be replaced because they have a better chance of survival that way.
More on Vetstreet.com:
Cheese, once primarily a way to extend the useful life of milk, is today quite a darling in the foodie world. It's also fertile territory for adventurous eaters, from Stilton flecked with gold to Sardinian casu marzu writhing with live maggots. Some have even made cheeses with the bugs from their armpits and toes.
But you don't have been a connoisseur to appreciate these living castles of microorganisms. Each one is a house that bacteria and fungi built, and each has its own distinctive architectural style according the tastes of its inhabitants.
The bacterial building begins by mixing milk with lactobacillus or streptococcus to turn it acidic. An added enzyme then snips the tails off the milk proteins. Without their tails, the proteins literally fall out of the milk in solid clumps, grabbing globules of fat as they go. Cheesemakers strain out these clumps, or curds, and press them to prepare a cheese for aging.
It's during this aging that other microbes can start applying their own distinctive character. Take, for instance, Roquefort, a blue cheese dotted with tiny teal crevices. The builder here is Penicillium roqueforti, a fungus that lives naturally in French caves where true Roquefort cheese is aged, though cheesemakers around the world can add it to fresh cheese themselves to get a similar effect.
P. roqueforti is a sensitive beast. It likes air, but too much oxygen and it will die. So cheesemakers spear the cheese with metal spikes, making small, protected holes where the fungus will be safe to thrive. Once settled in, it manufactures enzymes that slice up the cheese fats into fatty acids, which give it that soapy flavour, and methyl ketones, which give it that particular smell. (Check out this Royal Society of Chemistry article for extra cheese smell nerdery, complete with chemical diagrams.) The fungus produces toxins that cause damage to the heart, lungs, liver, and kidneys when given to mice. But in the habitat of cheese, the substances break down into more harmless forms.
Gooey cheeses with white-rinds, like Camembert, are fungal homes through and through. Penicillium camemberti is a primary inhabitant, setting up shop on the surface and producing enzymes that lead to a chain reaction in the core of the cheese. By digesting lactate, they make the cheese more acidic at the surface than it is in the core, which prompts calcium phosphate ions, formerly well-ensconced in the cheese's structure, to migrate to the surface. The acidity change and the ion movement cause the cheese's innards to liquify. At the surface, more protein digestion yields ammonia, which diffuses into the cheese and gives Camembert its singular whiff. This complex back-and-forth is complemented by a whole zoo of other chemical reactions, which you can read about here in a lovely paper on cheese ripening. A favourite line: “Although by itself methional's boiled potato smell is not particularly pleasant, in combination with other volatiles it is just one note of the cheese aroma of camembert and cheddar.”
Washed rind cheeses like Epoisses or Limburger, which are bathed in saltwater at various points in the aging process, are home to the bacterium Brevibacterium linens. This microbe gives them their extremely funky, “sweaty feet” scent by producing molecules like butanoic acid and isovaleric acid. In fact the microbe is responsible for actual smelly feet, as it lives on skin and works its pungent magic there too. Female Anopheles gambiae mosquitoes are drawn to Limburger's stench, a discovery that garnered its makers a 2006 IgNobel Prize. “Wouldn't it be something, having a simple mosquito trap in one's bedroom baited with a scent that best be described as synthetic human?” begins the Lancet article, which suggests baiting mosquito traps with Limburger. The cheeses that B. linens builds are profoundly stinky, but to the initiated a delicious treat. (For a tour of washed rind cheeses, see this Serious Eats article.)
Gentler ripening processes, with less wild and wooly results, are the rule for Cheddars. These cheeses tend to age just with the starter lactobacillus bacteria they're dosed with at the beginning, without much extra colonisation. But they still have a panoply of scent and flavour molecules combining to produce their singular taste. If you take a whiff of a Cheddar you may notice that the smell is actually very complex. It's savoury, but also a little sweet, salty but also mellow. In fact, talking about cheese is right up there with talking about wine – there's a whole lexicon for professionals. In this 2001 paper, researchers tasted a panel of 240 Cheddars and devised a set of 27 words for describing Cheddar, including: catty, for describing a smell like tom-cat urine, and cowy, for a barnyard tang, along with nutty, brothy, and fruity.
Practical experimentation over centuries has given us the delightful array of cheeses we have today. Science is still picking apart the responsible microbial parties and their habits and talents – often researchers start with a list of molecules in a cheese and a sample of bacteria and must study the second to see how they yield the first. But the more we learn about the details of their goings-on, the more fascinating cheese becomes. When you are next slicing into a castle built by microbes, whether a well-aged round of Camembert or a block of humble Cheddar, consider their contributions.
If you would like to comment on this article, or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook or Google+ page, or message us on Twitter.
Ganjgal Valley, Afghanistan - The Taliban has made a comeback in Afghanistan's strategic Kunar province since the drawdown and departure late last year of US-led coalition troops.
"When the Americans were here, we had fighter jets bomb Taliban hideouts, we had drones patrol Kunar's night skies," said Haji Pacha, an Afghan local police commander. "This kept the Taliban on their toes. They were not as bold as they are today."
The tranquillity of northeastern Kunar's lush, green mountains and crystal-clear rivers belies a more violent reality. The province borders Pakistan's lawless tribal areas, was one of the first places in Afghanistan to have an al-Qaeda presence, and saw some of the fiercest clashes between US forces and the Taliban.
Over the past decade, the US invested heavily in Kunar, building schools and constructing bridges that connected isolated communities cut off by rugged, mountainous terrain. But already, the province's limited infrastructure has begun to crumble because of a lack of maintenance and fresh investment. Its schools have few students, and clinics lack medicine and doctors.
Taliban 'justice'
The Taliban's regrouping has emboldened the armed group to set up makeshift courts in Kunar province, which operate according to strict interpretations of Islamic law.
Haji Zarjaan, a tribal leader in Kunar's remote Ganjgal Valley, begins to sob every time he hears the name Abida.
"It's been more than three months, but the pain just refuses to die," said the 52-year-old, staring blankly ahead at the terraced fields dotting the mountainside.
Zarjaan is mourning his beloved daughter who, he said, became a victim of the Taliban's brutal justice.
A group of black-turbaned Taliban fighters descended on his village one hazy morning, accompanied by a bearded man, who the villagers later realised was a Taliban "judge".
The judge, sitting on a plastic chair in the village square, ordered the fighters to bring 22-year-old Abida before him. Two men dragged a wailing Abida from her husband's house, and also brought a man whom, Zarjaan claimed, was not from the village.
The charge sheet, which the Taliban judge read aloud before the gathered crowd, accused 23-year-old Bakhtyar of disclosing the position of a Taliban commander to US forces, which led to the commander's death in a drone strike.
The charge sheet also named Abida, claiming she was guilty of providing shelter to the accused man.
Zarjaan said the entire proceeding lasted less than 10 minutes, after which the judge handed down death sentences to the two accused.
"The man was shot dead, and so was Abida - three times in the head at point-blank range," said Zarjaan, his voice quavering as he wiped away streams of tears with the tail of his turban.
Zarjaan said his daughter was targeted because he was perceived to be opposed to the Taliban. According to the tribal chief, many Taliban judges are now openly operating in remote areas of Kunar.
Reconstruction
"The US presence did change Kunar for the better," said Farid Mamundzay, deputy minister of policy and technical affairs at the Afghan government's Independent Directorate of Local Governance.
"There was growth in agriculture, several hydroelectric power projects were completed under their watch, schools across Kunar registered 182,000 students - even a university was opened."
A senior Afghan official in Kunar province, who requested anonymity for fear of Taliban retribution, said many clinics set up are now without doctors, and the schools lack students because parents are afraid to send their children. Three of the five hydroelectric plants, the official said, have stopped working for want of maintenance.
Many roads paved have seen the asphalt wear off, making it more difficult for farmers to bring their produce to market. And other roads that are still in good shape have turned into no-go zones because they have been booby-trapped with bombs.
Inside a Taliban court in Afghanistan
As a result, economic activity in Kunar has come to a standstill. With farmers and traders scared to travel, Kunar is unable to export its abundant agricultural produce, which includes rice, maize, wheat, grapes, and opium poppies.
Instead, much of the produce has rotted in the fields.
Guerrilla radio
Pacha, the Afghan local police commander, is stationed with 30 of his men near the Afghan-Pakistani border.
"The Taliban are crossing the border right under the nose of the Pakistan military," Pacha said. "During the night, dozens of them come. They know the American jets and drones are gone."
As foreign forces left Kunar, the Taliban began entering the vacated areas with one of its most potent weapons - a radio station run by transmitters loaded on the backs of donkeys.
The fighters use the radio station, called The Voice of Sharia, to undermine the government and indoctrinate and recruit youths. It is also used to threaten Afghan officials such as Pacha.
"The radio has named me dozens of times, describing me as a friend of the infidels who deserves to be killed," Pacha told Al Jazeera.
"The radio is a huge propaganda tool, which works well on villagers. It scares them into submission. After one such broadcast last week, I told a group of scared villagers from Nawlay not to pay heed to such propaganda. But one man from the crowd shouted, 'You can say this because you have a gun. We don't."
"I shouted back, 'Yes, but I have picked this gun only to defend you.'"
Neither the governor of Kunar province, Shuja ul-Mulk Jalala, nor Taliban representatives responded to requests for comment.
An old Jewish joke, which I'm allowed to relate because I'm a Jew, is this: “What's a Jewish dilemma? Free ham.” But here's another dilemma for many of us: praying cats.
Yes, in case you didn't know it, when your cat is off staring into space, she's not just chilling, or contemplating an impending nap or meal: she's praying! Or so says Dr. Pamela Gerloff, Ed.D, woomeister, and columnist at Psychology Today. I haven't read that magazine for years, but it seems to be going the Deepakian route, with Gerloff's columns (she's nicknamed “Possibility Pamela” in her profile) doing everything they can to justify a supernatural world beyond our own. I deal with that on a daily basis, but the idea of praying cats, which Gerloff floats in a piece called “When cats pray: how our feline friends uplift the world,” is simply too much (my emphasis):
The other day, as I was dusting off a little glass shelf that had been my mother's, I inadvertently bumped one of the tiny figurines on it–one of a set of blue and white china elephants she had once given me. The disturbance sent all the beloved creatures toppling. As I juggled to keep the whole shelf from falling, I felt a flash of frustration move through me; I might have been tempted to utter a censorable word, except that just at that instant my eyes caught Miss Kitty's. Sitting motionless on the footstool next to me, her inward gaze shifted outward ever so slightly, just enough to neutrally observe my agitated state. Instantly, the contrast in our inner experiences became palpable to me and I had a sudden insight. “Why, she's praying,” I thought, as my mind fell into the calm oasis of her silent meditation. In that moment I recalled something my mother had once said many years ago. It was a musing-aloud about how maybe the world seemed to be in increasingly bad shape because there were fewer and fewer monks and nuns spending time in seclusion praying. . . . Prayer, contemplation, and meditation done for extended periods of time naturally result in increased inner peace, which then radiates outward, positively affecting the entire environment. This is what I felt in Miss Kitty. As I paused to experience the stillness in which she was immersed, an image entered my mind–an image of a global feline force that daily nourishes and sustains us all. Millions of cats throughout the world quietly doing their spiritual duty, emanating peace and contentment. . . . Humans of the 21st century have lost much of what comes more naturally in indigenous societies that live closer to nature. As a species, we seem to have forgotten the essential spiritual practice of being, which is perhaps the highest form of prayer. Fortunately, cats haven't forgotten, even after thousands of years of domestication. If we want to know how a “culture of being” vs. a “culture of doing” might change us, we have only to hang out with our feline friends. What happens to us when we absorb their state?
What happens when we absorb their state? We start napping 18 hours a day and demanding that others serve our needs—bringing us food and cleaning our toilets.
I look forward to Gerloff's next piece on Feline Woo: “When cats spray: how our feline friends teach us to leave our mark on the world.”
If you want other specimens of Possibility Pamela's ridiculous arguments at Psychology Today, try her argument against atheism in another piece:
When you have the direct experience of Oneness with all beings and all so-called “external reality”–as I and many others have had–you cannot, strictly speaking, be atheist. You know from a different way of knowing that there is something more than what can be perceived with the limited sense organs of the body and left-brain mind.
I love the “so-called ‘external reality'” bit.
Zen is undoubtedly one of the most hotly anticipated AMD products announced for 2016 as it marks the company's re-entry to the high performance x86 CPU segment with a brand new, clean slate, microarchitecture after a near complete absence of participation from the company in that segment for what now amounts to roughly half a decade.
AMD Zen FX CPUs Set To Debut In Q4 2016, APUs In 2017
Today's update comes after we have finally managed to confirm through sources exclusive to Wccftech when AMD plans to release its latest inception to the market. Zen is still too far out in time for anyone to accurately pinpoint an exact release date, at this point in time it would be very challenging even for AMD to commit to a specific date internally. Still, we've learned that AMD's planning to debut Zen based desktop FX CPUs by Q4 2016, just in time for next year's holiday season. While Zen based APUs are expected to debut at a later date in 2017.
It's important to emphasize that AMD has not yet announced any specific release dates and the company's official statement is still “on track for ‘Zen‘ availability in 2016 with first full year of revenue in 2017″. So while we've managed to confirm what AMD's plans are for today it would be irresponsible not to draw attention to the fact that these plans could change in the future. But so far it's been made very clear to us that late 2016 and beyond is AMD's current target.
AMD Zen FX CPUs Will Come With A Bunch Of New Goodies
Fortunately that's not all we have for you today, as we've managed to learn about a number of additional interesting tidbits as well. There are several SKUs planned based on the Zen CPU die, with 8, 6 and 4 cores with the possibility of even higher core counts later on. The Zen core itself is surprisingly compact and power efficient. The CPU die itself isn't particularly large, an advantage which the company is planning to leverage by targeting Zen FX products towards attractive price points to penetrate the mainstream segment. In which FX products are set to compete very aggressively with their upcoming Intel counterparts. This is a space that's been traditionally occupied by Intel's quadcore I7, i5 and dual core i3 CPUs .
Zen FX CPUs will debut with a brand-new chipset on socket AM4 that's planned to push AMD's connectivity, storage and entire feature set forward and much closer to parity with Intel. The upcoming FX processors will also include enhanced platform security features built directly into the hardware.
Zen Based APUs To Bring PS4 & XBOX ONE Level Of Graphics Performance, Zen Coming To The Enterprise Space In 2017
Moving over to the APU and server side of the Zen equation. APUs and enterprise products based on the new Zen microarchitecture are planned for release sometime in 2017. We've also learned of a particularly exciting piece of information about AMD's next generation APUs and that they will boast graphics performance figures that are comparable to the Playstation 4 and XBOX ONE, even inside frugal notebook chips.
One other exciting tidbit is that AMD is working on a Zen based APU with on-package stacked high bandwidth memory that's planned for release in 2017. However, whether all Zen based APUs & future iterations will feature HBM is not something that were able to confirm.
Zen's Microarchitecture – The Unraveling Mystery
In the past couple of months alone we've seen a lot of new information come out about Zen. We reported on the AIDA64 changelog which icnluded Zen based “Summit Ridge” and “Raven Ridge” FX CPUs and APUs respectively. Prior to that we had very intriguing revelations about AMD's Zen and K12 CPU cores taping out. We've also managed to learn a lot of about Zens through an official AMD Linux patch that detailed many aspects of the core's design. If you want to read about everything that we learned with regards to the microarchitecture of the Zen CPU core and what it's capable of you'll definitely want to check out our in-depth analysis of the Zen's high-level design.
Before we proceed any further we should take a quick step back. We first broke the news about AMD's next generation high performance core back in September of last year. At which point AMD's then CEO Rory Read revealed the code name for the company's upcoming high performance x86 CPU microarchitecture. Prior to that revelation we only had knowledge of Zen's sister ARMv8 core code named K12.
Back in May AMD announced that it was preparing an entirely new line-up of FX CPUs and a brand-new platform ‘AM4″. We learned that the new family of FX processors code named “Summit Ridge” would feature an entirely new socket and an updated feature set including DDR4 memory support. And more importantly we learned that the new platform would feature mainstream CPUs with “high core counts” and “SMT” support.
Later a leak surfaced of a high performance server CPUs with up to 32 Zen CPU cores that AMD was planning to introduce with Zen. Reading all of those leaks about was interesting to say the least but it was also quite frustrating as we had no idea what to expect from Zen. That is until AMD revealed a whopper at its Financial Analyst Day earlier this year, which is that Zen will have a 40% instruction per clock improvement over its predecessor “Excavator”.
AMD's Zen CPU Core Coming in 2016 – Features FinFET Process, SMT And New Cache System
Zen will be AMD's successor to the Bulldoze family of cores. It will be the first ever CPU core from the company to adopt simultaneous multithreading. It's also the company's first entirely new CPU core design following the Bulldozer family of cores which debuted in 2011 and was the company's first ever design to feature clustered multithreading .
In addition to SMT, Zen also features a new high-bandwidth low latency cache system. A vital improvement over the previous generation of cores. Since subpar cache performance was one of the primary pitfalls of AMD's Bulldozer CPU microarchitecture. The new CPU core is designed for and will be manufactured on an advanced FinFET process. Which would allow the CPU core to scale from low power mobile applications to high performance desktop and enterprise markets.
Zen To Feature A 40% Instructions Per Clock Improvement Over Excavator
Mark Papermaster, AMD's Chief Technology Officer revealed that the company plans to introduce a huge IPC improvement with Zen over AMD's latest generation “Excavator” x86 core. A 40% increase in IPC would represent the largest jump in IPC ever for the company, an improvement which Mark Papermaster claimed he had not seen “anywhere in the industry”.
Papermaster also made it a point to highlight that this 40% performance improvement figure is independent from the manufacturing process. So it's a permanent architectural performance improvement that will always be present regardless of the process node.
Zen will be featured in AMD's enthusiast CPU product line in 2016. Lisa Su confirmed that the new CPU architecture will be arriving to desktop FX CPUs first and to servers second. Succeeding Zen will be Zen+ cores. Which will feature evolutionary improvement over Zen. The company will introduce a new socket in 2016 dubbed AM4 that will house products spanning from high performance CPUs to mainstream APUs based on Zen and next generation FinFET GCN based GPUs.
The new family of high performance FX CPUs which appeared in previous leaks as “Summit Ridge” will feature SMT CPUs with high core counts and DDR4 memory support. The platform will be based on the new AM4 socket which will be shared with AMD's upcoming Excavator based 7th generation APUs.
If this is how the new Oncor Electric Delivery Co. plans to do business, look out, greenies.
The state's largest regulated utility wants to add a monthly minimum charge for homeowners who have solar panels, wind turbines and storage batteries. That covers about 10,000 customers in the Oncor service area, which includes North Texas.
Oncor did not propose a separate fee for big companies with rooftop solar systems, such as Wal-Mart, Ikea and Costco. They're already paying their fair share, Oncor said.
The new minimum, projected to be about $40 a month, must be approved by the state Public Utility Commission, and that won't be easy. Last year, El Paso Electric proposed a similar fee that didn't get through. Nationwide, regulators have rejected comparable requests from many utilities.
In Texas, a typical home solar system costs about $13,000 after federal tax credits. It usually takes about 10 years to recoup the investment through energy savings, and the new Oncor fee would extend that timetable.
Life can be pretty hectic. Sometimes, there's not even time to dump a few ingredients in the slow cooker before you leave for work in the morning. If you're strapped for time but not willing to give up from-scratch dinners, make-ahead crockpot meals are your friend. Just combine the ingredients for dinner in a bag, seal tightly using a vacuum sealer (or suck the air out using a straw), and store in the freezer. The night before you're ready to cook the meal, remove it from the freezer and let thaw. Then, transfer the contents to your slow cooker, set the timer, and move on to the next item on your to-do list.
Freezer meal fanatics often take an assembly line approach to this type of food prep. If you're willing to dedicate a day to shopping, slicing, and dicing, you could easily prep each of the seven meals below. Then, the next time you're too busy to cook, you'll have a simple, homemade solution to your dinnertime dilemma.
1. Ginger Peach Chicken
Sweet peaches and flavorful boneless chicken thighs come together for a family-friendly meal everyone will enjoy. You can serve this dish, which serves six, with rice or steamed vegetables. Recipe from Hello Glow.
Ingredients :
2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs
1 (12-ounce) bag of frozen peach slices
1 sliced red onion
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce
1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
2 teaspoons ground coriander
Directions : Combine all the ingredients in a plastic freezer bag. Seal tightly, then freeze.
To cook, transfer contents of bag to slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for 4 to 5 hours. Serve with steamed rice and vegetables.
2. Slow Cooker Sausage Spinach Tomato Soup
This hearty soup from New Leaf Wellness is packed with good-for-you ingredients like spinach and cannellini beans, so you can feel good about serving it to your family. You'll need to add the chicken broth and pasta to this soup during cooking. Writing the preparation instructions right on the bag before you put it in the freezer will ensure you don't forget that important step.
Ingredients :
1 pound ground sweet or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed
24-ounce jar of pasta sauce
1 can of cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
1 box of frozen chopped spinach
½ pound of carrots (about 4 large carrots), peeled and chopped into bite-sized pieces
1 small yellow onion, diced (about one cup)
4 cups of chicken broth
1 cup uncooked pasta, such as elbow macaroni or ditalini
Directions : Add all the ingredients except the pasta and the chicken broth to a gallon-size freezer bag.
Before serving, thaw bag overnight in the refrigerator. Add bag contents to the slow cooker along with the 4 cups of chicken broth, cover, and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours, until the sausage is cooked through. Add the pasta, turn heat to high, and continue cooking until noodles are tender. Serve with garlic bread.
3. Black Bean Chili
This spicy vegetarian black bean chili is packed with wholesome ingredients like pumpkin, fresh bell pepper, and tomatoes. Serve this crowd-pleasing meal, which serves six to eight people, with tortilla chips and sour cream. Recipe from Super Healthy Kids.
Ingredients :
3 (15-ounce) cans black beans
1 (28-ounce) can crush tomatoes
1½ cups chopped onion
1 cup pumpkin (optional)
1 cup assorted chopped bell pepper
2 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon salt
2 cloves garlic, minced
4 cups vegetable stock
Sour cream and tortilla chips, for serving
Directions: Add all the ingredients except the vegetable stock, sour cream, and tortilla chips to a gallon-size freezer bag. Seal tightly and freeze.
Thaw in the refrigerator before cooking, or run bag under hot water to loosen bag contents. Add contents of the bag to the slow cooker along with 4 cups of vegetable stock. Cover and cook for 5 to 6 hours on high or 6 to 8 hours on low. Ladle into bowls and top with a dollop of sour cream. Serve with tortilla chips.
4. Crockpot Beef and Broccoli
Skip the take-out beef and broccoli in favor of this homemade version from Mom on a Mission. Slow cooking the meat rather than stir frying ensures the beef will be very tender. Serve this dish with brown rice, and feel free to add or substitute different vegetables, such as carrots, depending on what ingredients you have on hand.
Ingredients :
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 cup beef broth
½ cup low sodium soy sauce
1/3 cup dark brown sugar
1 tablespoon sesame oil
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 to 2 pounds boneless, beef chuck roast, sliced into thin strips
2 cups fresh or or frozen broccoli florets
Sesame seeds and red pepper flakes for garnish (optional)
Directions : Mix together cornstarch and beef broth in a gallon-size freezer bag. Add the soy sauce, dark brown sugar, sesame oil, and garlic. Add the sliced beef and toss to coat. Squeeze out air, then seal. Freeze until ready to cook.
Add contents of bag to slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 6 hours (if thawed) or 8 hours (if frozen). Add the fresh or frozen broccoli in the last hour of cooking. Serve overcooked brown rice and garnish with sesame seeds and red pepper flakes.
5. Slow Cooker Cranberry Pork Chops
Prepping these slow cooker cranberry pork chops from The Kitchn does take a little work, since you need to sauté the celery and onion before freezing. Fortunately, the delicious results more than make up for having to spend a few extra minutes in the kitchen. Consider pairing this meal, which serves four to six, with rice pilaf or potatoes.
Ingredients :
4 boneless pork chops, about ½-inch thick (2 to 3 pounds total)
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
½ cup chopped onion, from 1 small onion
¼ cup chopped celery, from 1 large celery rib
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt
1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries
½ teaspoon dried thyme
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons brown sugar
¼ cup chicken or vegetable broth, or white wine
Directions : Heat a large skillet over high heat and sear the pork chops for 2 minutes on each side. Immediately place them in the fridge or freezer to cool completely. (This step is optional).
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, and garlic, and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender. Sprinkle with the salt as it cooks. Set the mixture aside to cool completely.
Place the cooled sautéed vegetables, cranberries, pork chops, pepper, thyme, and brown sugar in a 1-gallon freezer bag. Seal the bag, squeezing out as much air as possible. Massage the bag to distribute the ingredients evenly. Freeze the bag flat in the freezer for up to 3 months.
When ready to cook, thaw the pork chops on a tray or dish in the refrigerator. On the morning of the day you plan to serve the dish, empty the contents of the bag into a 4-quart slow cooker and add ¼ cup broth or wine. Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours, or until the pork chops are cooked through.
6. Crockpot Ginger Venison
If you have a hunter in the family, you may have a freezer full of venison that you don't know what to do with. Turn some of that meat into this flavorful ginger venison dish from Wholistic Woman (substitute beef if you don't have venison). This recipe makes three batches, which each serve 6.
Ingredients :
6 pounds beef sirloin or venison
3 cups water
9 scallions
¾ cup soy sauce
6 teaspoons beef bouillon granules
6 teaspoons minced ginger
6 teaspoons minced garlic
Directions : Rinse and trim the beef or venison. Cut into thick strips, each about 2-by-5-inches long. Divide evenly between three gallon-size freezer bags. Add 1 cup of water, 1/2 cup scallions, 1/4 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons bouillon, 2 teaspoons ginger, and 2 teaspoons garlic to each bag, then seal and freeze.
To cook, add thawed meat mixture to a slow cooker (you can also cook from frozen). Cover and cook on low for 5 to 6 hours, until beef is very tender.
7. Make-Ahead Slow Cooker Asian Beef Short Ribs
Your slow cooker is the perfect device for cooking tender short ribs. The meat in this recipe from Betty Crocker, which serves eight, is cooked in a sweet and spicy sauce and then served with simple pickled vegetables for a tasty yet easy to prepare dish.
Ingredients :
For freezing
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
3 pounds beef short ribs, cut into individual ribs
1/3 cup soy sauce
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup hoisin sauce
1/3 cup chili garlic sauce
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
1 bulb garlic, cloves peeled
2-inch piece of ginger root, peeled and roughly chopped
For serving
½ cup rice vinegar
¼ cup granulated sugar
2 teaspoons soy sauce
1 English (hothouse) cucumber, halved crosswise, shaved with vegetable peeler down to seeds
3 carrots, peeled, then shaved with vegetable peeler
4 cups hot cooked white rice
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves (optional)
½ cup thinly sliced green onions (optional)
8 lime wedges (optional)
Directions : In 12-inch skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Cook ribs in two batches, the fattiest side down first, on all sides 2 to 3 minutes per side, until browned. Transfer to plate; cool 15 minutes. Discard fat and pan drippings. Transfer ribs to labeled 1-gallon freezer bag. Pour 1/3 cup soy sauce over ribs and seal bag, pressing out as much air as possible. Lay flat and freeze up to 3 months.
Meanwhile, in medium bowl, whisk brown sugar, hoisin sauce, chili garlic sauce and mustard. Stir in garlic and ginger root. Transfer to labeled airtight freezer container; seal well. Freeze up to 3 months.
Thaw ribs and sauce 12 to 24 hours in refrigerator until completely defrosted.
Pour ribs and sauce into 3½- or 4-quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low setting for 8 to 9 hours.
Meanwhile, in medium bowl, whisk vinegar, granulated sugar and 2 teaspoons soy sauce. Stir in cucumber and carrots. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour but no longer than 3 hours; drain.
Transfer short ribs to cutting board. Transfer ½ cup braising liquid to medium bowl. Remove bones and any pieces of fat from short ribs and discard. Shred meat with two forks, and transfer to bowl with reserved liquid. Discard remaining cooking liquid.
Divide cooked rice among 8 bowls. Divide shredded beef and marinated vegetables among bowls of rice. Top with cilantro, sliced green onions, and lime wedges.
Follow Megan on Twitter @MeganE_CS
A Central Connecticut State University professor is blaming the politically-motivated shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise on President Trump and “trumpism.”
“Donald Trump is corrupt, dishonest, and stupid. Intellectually feeble and mentally unstable people drawn to political extremism have and will be inspired or driven by Trump and trumpism to say and do horrible things,” associate professor of political science Jerold Duquette wrote in a blog post Thursday. “Yesterday, a left wing extremist was driven by Trump and trumpism to try to kill people.”
"Trumpism IS CLEARLY facilitating terrible things."
[RELATED: Profs mock Scalise support for Second Amendment after shooting]
Duquette also argues that Trump's nomination for president by the Republican Party represented a surrender “of the GOP's intellectual, ethical, and moral standards” and a victory for “incivility, anti-intellectualism, and extremism,” asserting that “with the help of left wing extremists (and apparently the Russians), that victory was magnified in the 2016 general election, giving us the most extreme and uncivilized national political leadership we have ever had.”
The professor claims that the Republican leadership is “going through the motions” with its condemnations of the Wednesday shooting, arguing that “they lack the moral and intellectual authority to make this condemnation useful.”
Moreover, he complains that “bloviating profiteers in the rightwing media” are further weakening the “credibility” of conservatives by “using this incident to fuel the right wing alternate reality propaganda machine.”
[RELATED: Harvard pushes list calling conservative website ‘fake news']
Duquette elaborates on his views in the comment section of the post, claiming that “violent rhetoric is far more common and acceptable on the right than on the left,” and that “Trumpism IS CLEARLY facilitating terrible things,” though he provides no support for either contention.
“Its [sic] very easy to link Trump and trumpism to yesterday's perpetrator because we have lots of evidence that his rage was specifically directed at Trump and the GOP,” he declares, conceding that while “this reality does not reduce the culpability of any perpetrator of violence in the abstract...the really scary thing is that the normalization of Trumpist incivility may make it eventually possible for violent extremists to mount successful insanity defenses in court.”
Duquette did not immediately respond to Campus Reform's request for comment.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @nikvofficial
Boom, bubble, crash. That is one of the natural cycles of markets. Whenever there is a virtuous circle of capital growth there is likely to be an acceleration of the process. The process is similar to feedback in a sound amplifier. From a tiny seed, the noise grows until left unchecked the system itself is destroyed.
When there is money to be had in asset appreciation, this signal attracts people to buy those assets and create the very appreciation that attracted them in the first place. This cycle of attraction causes a boom, then a bubble.
As I long ago told a quant measuring the Nasdaq on a log scale: Markets can't grow on a log scale in the short-to-medium-term because the result would be a meltdown. They didn't agree but the meltdown happened soon enough.
Bubbles can be measured on a log scale and so can crashes. However, sustainable investment is on a linear scale. So markets are plagued with bubbles and many people get sucked/suckered into them because their ability to do so is why they exist in the first place.
Yet while we might not recognize the bubble we are backing--being that big government, a high tech toy company, the latest tech thingy or mining prospect--most of us can recognize someone else's bubble pretty easily.
However, one of the central causes of bubbles is not well understood. Major bubbles are caused by the invention of new financial instruments. The tulip bubble may have been caused by imprisoned Turkish princes hooked on gardening in their duplex cells, but its driver was options. Options weren't understood well, in fact not even understood well at all until the 1960s and Black-Scholes. The emergence of options was key to that bubble.
Special Offer: Where should you invest next year? Download the new free report 12 Stocks To Buy For 2014 for ideas from top Forbes advisors.
Invent paper money and you get John Law's French Mississippi bubble. Get busy with leveraged equities you are staring at the boom, bubble, bust of 1929. Invent credit default swaps, collateralized debt instruments cleverly tranched and you get a boom bubble and bust that set back the economies of the west for what looks set to be a decade.
Invent a cryptocurrency and you can expect a repeat of the cycle of boom, bubble and bust.
This might sound gloomy for bitcoiners, but it isn't necessarily the case, in fact quite the opposite, it might just be great news, at least for cryptocurrencies.
It's important to remember that while the tulip bubble was bad for the economic and political fabric of Holland, it wasn't terrible news for tulips. Holland may have lost its economic dominance through the resulting economic chaos of that crash, but today Holland still has a billion dollar tulip business.
Wall Street might have crashed, but the stock exchanges of America are still fat enough to just about cover the profligate U.S. government's titanic debt. There might have been a huge implosion of CDS, CDO but they are still building houses in America.
It doesn't matter much to the idea of cryptocurrencies whether Bitcoin or its many emulators boom, zoom and crash, there will be cryptocurrencies from here on and they will flourish.
They will evolve, they will be regulated, they will be centrally regulated, controlled and likely minted and they won't bring big government to its knees.
Libertarians, anarchists and minarchists will be disappointed that the overwhelming state will not be rolled back by cryptocurrencies, but then they have yet to appreciate that technology is not the friend of the individual. Technology like money or any other power is Pareto distributed. This will always work against the individual.
---
Clem Chambers is the CEO of leading private investors Web site ADVFN.com and author of Letters to my Broker, out now in paperback and on the Kindle.
Welcome home parade marks end of Australia's active involvement in Afghanistan
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has paid tribute to the sacrifice of the Australian troops who served in Afghanistan in a speech delivered at a welcome home parade in Darwin.
More than 250 Australian Defence Force personnel returned from Uruzgan Province in December, but Saturday's parade marked the official end of Australia's active involvement in the Afghanistan war.
The day began with a march through Darwin's CBD before dignitaries, Defence Force personnel and their families moved to the Great Hall in the Northern Territory Parliament building.
The parade was led by the women and men of the Combined Team Uruzgan rotations four and five who were responsible for mentoring Afghan security forces.
They were followed by the 2nd Cavalry Regiment task force, which provided security for the final withdrawal of Australian forces.
Mr Abbott said the troops' role in the conflict ended "not with victory, not with defeat, but with hope that Afghanistan will be a better country for our presence".
"We salute all the men and women who have served in a far country for a good cause," he said.
You have acted in our country's name, wearing our country's uniform and our country won't let you down. Prime Minister Tony Abbott
"We mourn the 40 who did not return. We grieve with the more than 250 with serious injuries and we acknowledge the unseen wounds of thousands.
"You have done things that no-one should have to do."
Mr Abbott also thanked the troops for their role in the construction of 26 girls' schools, 200 kilometres of sealed roads and building civil services in the country.
"You have acted in our country's name, wearing our country's uniform and our country won't let you down," he said.
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten echoed the sentiments of the Prime Minister, acknowledging the 400 ADF personnel who remain in the country to train and advise the Afghan National Army.
"You've put yourself in unimaginable danger and risk," he said.
"You have lived with the daily uncertainty of what the next day may bring. You should be rightly proud as the PM has said, that you have left Afghanistan better than you found it."
Job done with 'great professionalism'
Chief of Army, Lieutenant General David Morrison, said the parade marked the end of active service in Afghanistan and Australian troops have served with "great professionalism and honour".
"We are part of the ranks of those men and women who have stood a lonely vigil since 1901," he said.
"We are part of that great narrative of the Australian soldier and service to the nation, that long, loping column stretching back across more than a century who have worn the slouch hat and the rising sun badge abroad in the service of this country.
We are part of that great narrative of the Australian soldier and service to the nation, that long, loping column stretching back across more than a century. Chief of Army, Lieutenant General David Morrison
"We are deeply proud of that and I am deeply proud of you."
Ray Palmer's son Scott died in a helicopter crash while serving in Afghanistan in 2010.
He attended the parade to honour his son and to support the ADF personnel returning from Uruzgan Province.
"I think they did their job and they did it with great professionalism and I'm very proud of them," he said.
"I just think it was good we are actually out of there and they can look after themselves.
"And they did a brilliant job over there, especially with the schools, medical teams and construction work."
However, an Afghanistan veteran says the embattled nation's struggles are not yet over.
Company Sergeant Sean Gibbon says the country is on the mend, but there is still a way to go.
"There was always going to be a slight regression, they're still working out their own country," he said.
"It's not a shake and bake nation, you can't just have a nation spring up overnight.
"Afghanistan is a very culturally diverse, complex old culture that can't just be dragged into a new era.
"They understand there is a better life and that's the life they want to live."
Topics: defence-and-national-security, defence-forces, army, nt, australia, darwin-0800
First posted
Companies are struggling to fend off cyberattacks as hackers get faster, sneakier and more creative.
New reports from the Internet security teams at Symantec (SYMC) and Verizon (VZ) provide an alarming picture of how difficult it's becoming for computer users to stay safe online.
Last year was a big one for high-profile cybercrime, from the Heartbleed bug to major corporate attacks, and Sony's embarrassing hack.
Symantec's analysis of security threats in 2014 revealed thieves are working faster than companies can defend themselves, and launching more malicious attacks than in previous years.
More than 317 million new pieces of malware -- computer viruses or other malicious software -- were created last year. That means nearly one million new threats were released each day.
But hackers actually relied on incredibly old computer bugs that companies just haven't gotten around to fixing yet, according to Verizon's 2015 Data Breach Investigations Report.
In nearly 90% of cases, hackers relied on computer bugs that have been around since 2002. The third most popular option for hackers is a glitch in the way an IT manager remotely manages corporate PCs -- one that's existed since 1999. Companies could and should be patching this stuff, but they don't.
"While it seems like a no brainer for fix some of these things, organizations care more about making widgets," said Verizon security data scientist Bob Rudis. "They just don't have the manpower or time."
Directed attacks and data breaches also grew, according to Symantec. Five out of six large companies were targeted by cybercriminals, a 40% rise on the previous year. The mining industry was the world's most targeted sector.
Samir Kapuria, a Symantec executive, recalled one case in which hackers snuck into an energy company's computer network and stole a draft report. The report detailed the secret discovery of a potentially lucrative energy drilling spot.
Hackers were trying to sell the information on a black market website to stock traders, Kapuria said. But they were foiled when the energy company (operating under a pseudonym) told prospective black market buyers that the information was false. Kapuria declined to mention the name of the company.
Cyberattacks also spread wickedly fast. When hackers release a wave of malware-laced spam emails, it only takes 82 seconds for someone to get duped and become the first victim, Verizon found. And when hackers successfully break into a particular type of company -- like a bank or movie studio -- they'll use the same method to attack another firm in that industry within 24 hours.
But it's some of the newer scams that might make tech users particularly nervous. Here are a few examples:
Digital exortion: Cyberthieves are increasingly blackmailing victims and ransomware attacks surged 113% last year. Hackers steal files or photos from a victim's computer and demand a ransom -- typically between $300 and $500 -- in exchange for a key to decrypt their files.
Sophisticated attacks: Hackers are breaching networks with more targeted, selective attacks. Here's a common ploy: Hackers hide malware inside software updates and wait for user to install the update -- meaning companies are essentially infecting themselves.
Social media: Scams on social platforms are also on the rise. Victims do the work of the cybercriminals by sharing videos or stories with their friends that include links to sketchy sites. Symantec said these lucrative swindles spread rapidly because people are more likely to click on something posted by a friend.
"Likejacking" is another one: Using fake "like" buttons, hackers trick people into clicking on website buttons that install malware and may post updates on a user's news feed, spreading the attack.
Did someone steal your tax refund? Share your story with CNN.
34 new approved wind farms may not proceed, Clean Energy Council says. Credit:Bloomberg Burning fossil fuels, though, has unwanted side effects, not least the release of carbon dioxide that contributes to cooking the planet. The speed and impact of climate change is hard to calculate but the US government reckons it amounts to a $US30 ($34) social cost per tonne of C02. Add back that damage – remember the carbon tax? - and the gap in costs between renewables and coal or gas narrows and even disappears. Given the "market failure" to correctly price fossil fuels, policy corrections are needed, and adopting renewables is one. In Australia's scheme, retailers are forced to buy a rising proportion of their power from sources such as hydro, wind and increasingly solar, with the cost passed on to consumers. (The consumer price varies per state but is small compared with network charges that attract scant political attention.) What is the target?
Renewables rule: new power investments globally now favour non fossil-fuels. A major source of confusion. The Abbott government backs a "real" 20 per cent. In fact, the legislated goal has never been "20 per cent". From its inception in 2001, the industry has been working to absolute targets of electricity supply for the simple reason that nobody can predict precisely the supply needed in any single day, let alone a year's worth in 20 years. In 2009 and 2010, the Renewable Energy Target (RET) was raised, and then tweaked, with bipartisan support. Marketers then picked up on the RET's increased targets and coined the figure of a 20 per cent reduction by 2020.
In reality, Australia's RET goal is for large-scale generators to deliver 41,000,000,000,000 watt-hours per year. That equals 41,000 gigawatt-hours, or 41 terawatt-hours if you're particularly geeky. That's enough to power about 6.2 million households. The part of the scheme affecting households has no limit - and about 2 million homes have solar panels or solar hot-water systems, grabbing a subsidy worth about 40 per cent of the price of a unit. Supply-side angst With gripes, the big electricity firms, namely AGL, Origin and EnergyAustralia, supported that RET - at least publicly - when power demand each year was growing as it had done for decades. But demand began to fall, in part because electricity prices jumped 70 per cent in the five years to 2013 (thanks largely to investments in poles and wires) and consumers became thriftier. And so, instead of a 20 per cent share, the 2020 figure is set to be more like 27 per cent. Plus, the scheme has cost about $5.2 billion to date, the government's Warburton review found, in terms of a transfer of wealth from fossil-fuel generators to renewables suppliers.
Inconveniently for the review, though, its own commissioned modelling found consumers would be barely affected in the run-up to 2020 and would actually pay lower electricity prices after that date because of the way wholesale markets work. In short, wind and solar energy is basically free, so wholesale prices are suppressed. Reviews The Warburton review – headed by businessman and climate sceptic Dick Warburton – recommended options including shutting the scheme to new entrants or setting annual targets tied to demand for large generators. It also favoured reducing or axing the small-scale support scheme entirely. (The independent Climate Change Authority in 2012 recommended leaving the RET largely intact. It is legislated to conduct another review by year's end and, since the Abbott government has failed to win Senate support for its scrapping, the authority confirmed this week it will examine the target yet again.) So just cut the target?
Industry Minister Ian Macfarlane this week said the government wants to do just that, slashing the 2020 target to 27,000 gigawatt-hours a year, equating to what it guesses would be a "true" 20 per cent. Big power users, such as the aluminium industry would also be exempt. Any change, though, needs backing in the Senate to change the legislation. So far, Labor, the Greens and Palmer United say they will block what amounts to a broken promise by the Coalition made prior to the 2013 election to leave the RET alone. Renewable energy developers such as Infigen Energy and CWP say that changing the rules of the game midway undermines the value of existing investments made in good faith and would raise Australia's "sovereign risk" in global markets. States such as NSW stand to lose billions of dollars in new investment that is required if the RET is to be met. (Current generation is about 14,500 GW-hours, or a bit more than a third of the level needed.)
The Clean Energy Council estimates there are 34 wind farms alone that have been approved around the country including 10 in NSW and 13 in Victoria that are unlikely to be built if the target is cut. All up, there's potentially $15 billion more investment and thousands of jobs between now and 2020 if the RET is left as it is (and companies can move fast enough within the shrinking time left). Sun worshippers Mr Abbott will hope that Labor bows to calls to return certainty to the industry - albeit at a much reduced scale - and buckles. The Coalition, though, knows Australians worship the sun and few would turn down the chance to reduce their reliance on the big energy companies if they could. Soaring gas prices this year and for years to come will only stoke consumer distrust of utilities.
That may be why the government has so far opted to leave the small end of the renewable industry alone. Solar firms remain wary that its constant use of "household" in describing the sector, suggests the government does not want businesses to join residents in the rush to put solar on their rooftops. How will it end? In the short term, it's hard to say. Without the return of bipartisan support for renewables, though, investment in new large-scale plants will remain all but frozen, even as 50,000 more homes install solar panels each quarter.
Solar panel prices are about a quarter of the level of three years ago and drop by an estimated 30 per cent for every doubling in production. Advances in wind and other sources, such as tidal or geothermal, will drive down their costs too. As the accompanying chart shows, when new electricity capacity is added worldwide it is more likely to be from a renewable source than coal, gas, oil or nuclear. Loading And banks and investors won't finance new coal-fired power plants in Australia without factoring in some future price on carbon emissions, undermining whatever diminishing cost advantage coal has over renewables. Add batteries to the mix – and many expect prices to fall as fast as solar panels if manufacturing scale ramps up – and the day comes closer when Australians can ignore Canberra, renewable energy target or no.
David Bohnett's gift will create a social justice residential college at USC Village. (Photo/Michael Bulbenko)
USC Trustee David C. Bohnett '78 has pledged $15 million to endow and name a residential college at USC Village.
The David C. Bohnett Residential College will focus on the principles of social justice and community service, and will form part of a thriving student community that integrates living and learning for up to 320 students as well as faculty-in-residence and student support staff.
The gift also will establish a leadership fund at the USC Price School of Public Policy supporting a fellowship in public policy with the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, and endow a chair in social entrepreneurship at the USC Marshall School of Business.
Mr. Bohnett is a true champion of social justice. His generous gift underscores his enduring passion for USC, and will create a living and learning environment that nurtures personal growth through community action. C. L. Max Nikias
“David Bohnett is a visionary philanthropist who has consistently demonstrated his commitment to public service,” said USC President C. L. Max Nikias. “By empowering society through the next generation of leaders, and enriching civic spirit through understanding, Mr. Bohnett is a true champion of social justice. His generous gift underscores his enduring passion for USC, and will create a living and learning environment that nurtures personal growth through community action.”
Residential colleges
The Bohnett College is one of eight residential colleges planned for USC Village. In all, they will add as many as 2,700 student beds to the University Park Campus and increase the number of students in USC-owned housing by nearly 40 percent.
“I can trace back so many of my personal and professional accomplishments to my four years as an undergraduate student at USC, where I learned how to excel academically and how to give back through service to others,” Bohnett said.
“It's my hope and aspiration that the Bohnett Residential College will afford USC students with a richly immersive college experience and help prepare them to be actively engaged members of the community throughout their lives.”
USC Village is the largest economic redevelopment project in the history of South Los Angeles. Located directly north of the University Park Campus, the 1.25-million-square-foot USC Village project will enhance campus life for students while opening up an array of new retail and service options for the local community when it opens in 2017.
Philanthropist and entrepreneur
Bohnett is a philanthropist and technology entrepreneur. In 1994, he founded the media and e-commerce company GeoCities.com, which paved the way for modern social media. A year after taking Geocities.com public in 1998, he sold it to Yahoo! Inc. He then established the David Bohnett Foundation as well as Baroda Ventures, a venture capital firm investing in early stage technology start-ups.
Since 1999, the mission of the David Bohnett Foundation has been improving society through social activism. A wide array of grants has funded state-of-the-art technology and technical support to hundreds of innovative organizations and institutions in several primary focus areas: The Fund for Los Angeles, supporting a broad spectrum of arts, educational and civic programs; LGBT-related causes; graduate school leadership programs; voting rights and registration initiatives; research and public policy initiatives to reduce the toll of firearm violence; and animal welfare and rights programs.
Deeply involved in the arts as well as social justice, Bohnett is chairman of the Wallis Annnenberg Center for the Performing Arts and a trustee of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. A resident of Los Angeles and New York, Bohnett also serves as a member of the Los Angeles World Affairs Council.
More stories about: Campaign for USC, Social Policy, USC Village
House Republicans asked the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia on Monday to investigate Hillary Clinton over her private email server while serving as secretary of state and determine whether she lied to Congress.
Reps. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the Oversight panel, and Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., head of the Judiciary Committee, said in a letter that "evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton's use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony."
"In light of those contradictions, the department should investigate and determine whether to prosecute Secretary Clinton for violating statutes that prohibit perjury and false statements to Congress, or any other relevant statutes," the two congressmen wrote.
Republicans have been furious that the FBI decided last week against pressing charges against Clinton over her handling of classified information when she relied on a private email server for government business during her tenure as secretary of state.
Republicans since have vowed to press ahead against the Democratic presidential candidate. In their criminal referral, the lawmakers' letter asks Attorney Channing D. Phillips to investigate.
Last October, in testimony to the House Benghazi panel, Clinton said she never sent or received emails marked as classified when she served as secretary of state. She also has said she only used one mobile device for emails and turned over all her work-related emails to the State Department.
FBI Director James Comey said she had multiple devices and investigators found thousands of work-related emails that had not been turned over, telling Congress last week that three of her emails carried classified markings.
Clinton said last week that she exchanged emails with about 300 people, mostly at the State Department, who were experienced with handling classified information.
"They did not believe that (material in the emails) was classified, and I did not have a basis for second-guessing their conclusion," Clinton said in an interview with CNN. "I have no reason to believe they were careless."
The two congressmen also call in their letter for Comey to answer a number of questions hovering over the FBI's conclusion regarding its investigation and how his definition of Clinton's actions, “extreme carelessness,” is not synonymous with “gross negligence.”
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Oversight committee, said in response to the criminal referral that "Republicans are so frustrated with the FBI's unanimous decision that they are now completely unloading on Secretary Clinton with everything they've got -- right before the presidential conventions."
The GOP convention begins July 18. The Democratic convention is a week later.
Referrals from Congress don't automatically result in full-fledged investigations, but they have spurred some notable criminal probes and indictments.
Former baseball pitcher Roger Clemens was indicted in 2010 on charges that he lied to Congress, though he was later acquitted, and the Justice Department investigated and later cleared former IRS official Lois Lerner following a referral from lawmakers.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
We know that the iPad is (mostly) great for video playback, if you buy your movies and TV shows from iTunes or go through the trouble of converting non-Apple-supported formats. But what if there were a pain-free way to play almost every type of video format? Thanks to VLC for the iPad, there is.
VLC is a port of the popular and excellent desktop application. The open-source project is famous for its versatility in supporting a ton of media formats and playing high-quality video files that would make lesser applications choke. Romain Goyet, the CTO of the developer behind the app, Applidium, was kind enough to send the final version to me for testing.
The first iPad version of VLC is simpler than the desktop version, and quite a lot prettier. To get movies into the playlist, you drag them into iTunes, just like adding files to any other app. You can't add folders, but you can drag in pretty much any kind of file. Some files may cause the app to crash on launch, and the only way to find out is to remove them one at a time.
Fire it up and you get the above view. The app can take a few moments to generate thumbnails of your clips, and it presents them in a nice looking grid, which you can scroll. In addition to the thumbnails, you get the file name, the length of the movie and its on-screen size. HD movies get badged as such, and if you have watched a clip partway through, a little pie-shaped progress indicator is overlaid onto the icon.
To play a movie, just touch it. If VLC thinks your iPad might not be up to the task, it will ask if you want to try anyway. I did with one short 1280 x 720 clip, and all I got was sound.
Not all file formats are supported: The AVCHD files from my Panasonic GF1, for example, can be added via iTunes but don't appear in the app. Subtitles, though, do work. Just make sure the SRT file has the same name as the movie file and drop it into iTunes alongside the movie. It works great (although you can't turn them off from within the app).
Sometimes the video starts to break up, and sometimes the sound gets out of sync. The former usually fixes itself and the latter can be cured by quitting and relaunching VLC. This is no hardship as the app remembers where you left off.
There are a few other iPad apps that will play AVI and DIVX files, among other formats, but VLC plays files that the others wouldn't even open. And so far it appears not to drain the battery significantly more than the iPad's hardware-assisted video player (VLC uses software decoders for much of its work). I'm 15 minutes into Truffaut's 400 Blows and the battery is still at 100 percent.
The one big thing I miss is the volume boost of desktop VLC. ITunes on both the Mac and the iPad have whisperingly low maximum volume settings, whereas sound in VLC on the Mac comes out loud and clear, but not on the iPad version. That said, this is v1.0 and is way more polished than any other video app I have yet seen on the tablet.
The best part of all this is that VLC for iPad will be free when (and if) it makes it through the app review process and into the store.
Update: Romain wrote to make a few points. First, the crash-on-launch problem is known, and will be fixed in the next update. Second, the reason my MTS files don't show up in the app is because VLC recognizes videos by file extension. Adding this one in should make things work. And third, volume boost is coming. Great news!
VLC for iPad [Applidium. Thanks, Romain!]
See Also:
Follow us for real-time tech news: Charlie Sorrel and Gadget Lab on Twitter.
Never run Docker on a TCP socket without TLS
Kevan Ahlquist Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 1, 2014
If your Docker server uses TCP sockets you need to use TLS. This is critical for boot2docker users because it uses default addresses that are easy to predict, but it applies to any setup using TCP sockets to access the Docker server. After the Docker 1.3 release some workarounds for disabling or sidestepping TLS with tools like socat were posted, this is why you shouldn't use them:
Even if you run the Docker server inside a firewalled network it's still vulnerable because attacks come through web browsers on machines that are already inside your network. All it takes is a little javascript delivered by a compromised website or malicious ad:
Attackers can execute any command via the remote API. This means they can do anything they want with your Docker infrastructure, like download images and build containerized botnets. They probably won't know what address Docker is listening on unless you use boot2docker, but given enough time they can probe your network and find out. Security through obscurity as your only defense mechanism is a bad idea.
Setting up TLS can be daunting if you're not familiar with it, but Docker has a step-by-step guide to help you. It adds some extra work, but the alternative is leaving your docker server open to the entire world. Are you willing to take that risk? Don't let your ship get pirated.
26 OCT 3301
Ishmael Palin, the Federation scientist tasked with studying the anomalous extraterrestrial objects discovered earlier this year, has announced his decision to resume his research. This development follows the termination of an earlier, Federation-backed research programme led by Professor Palin.
The decision to restart the programme constitutes a defiant move on the part of Professor Palin, who declined to make a public statement at the time of the original project's cancellation. The new research effort will be based at Christian Dock in the Nganji System, close to the region of space where the objects were discovered.
Professor Palin made the following statement:
"I have no wish to speculate on Governor Quaid's reasons for cancelling the original research programme, but I will say that these objects signify a potentially momentous scientific discovery, and I am extremely pleased to be able to continue my research. As a scientist I feel it is my duty to subject these fascinating objects to comprehensive analysis, and to share the results of that analysis with the galactic community. Hopefully, now that Governor Deacon has allowed us to establish a research base at Christian Dock, my team and I can continue with our work, free from interference."
Our Nation's Growing Water Crisis: What You Need to Know
The water infrastructure in our country is over 100 years old, so an upgrade is long overdue. The American Water Works Association estimates that replacing the obsolete water infrastructure in the country would cost at least $1 trillion. All the public attention to the water infrastructure was occasioned by the recent water crisis in Flint, Michigan. While the incident was tragic, it opened the nation's “eyes” to the little known water infrastructure problem being experienced across the United States. It also drew anger and emotions, which are the key drivers for change.
To learn more, checkout the infographic (below) created by Eastern Kentucky University's Online Safety degree programs.
Water Piping Infrastructure
The existing water pipes used to supply water to homes, businesses, schools and commercial buildings were installed at different times and were made from different materials and manufacturing techniques. Therefore, they have different life expectancies. Cast iron pipes have a lifespan of around 120 years and were introduced in the late 19th century. On the other hand, ductile iron pipes have an average life expectancy of 50 to 70 years and were introduced in the 1950′s.
The water pipes used in many cities across the United States were installed between 70 to 90 years ago. In Washington DC, the average age of existing water pipes is 77 years. This is a real shame considering that the United States is the most developed country in the world as well as the richest nation on the planet, but it's not able to deliver clean drinking water to it's citizens safely and efficiently. Take the case of Flint, MI, where the city supplied dirty water contaminated with unbelievable quantities of lead. This was a classic example of areas in which the country is lagging behind. Every single year, an average of 240,000 water breaks are reported. The cost of repairing these broken pipes is incredibly high. In fact, 75% of the cost of drinking water can be attributed to pipe repair costs. On average, 1.7 trillion gallons of water is wasted every year due to broken pipes and lack of pipe replacement.
America's Water Infrastructure is Falling Apart
Currently, there are 156,000 public water systems that provide clean drinking water to around 320 million people through 700,000 miles of piping crisscrossing the country. According to the American Water Works Association, 40% of the country's water infrastructure is considered poor. The American Society for Civil Engineers has given the United States a D+ grade for the poor state of its water infrastructure. This is shocking considering the country is a first-world country. In February, 2015, over 100,000 gallons of water leaked into area streets of Hollywood Hills, CA. This was a huge wastage that was blamed on obsolete plumbing, and it cost the city a lot money. Local residents were also adversely affected since they did not have water in their taps for several days.
Fixing Our Water Infrastructure
An investment of more than $1 trillion is needed to improve the buried water infrastructure nationwide over the next 25 years. This is if pipes are replaced at the end of their useful life. Replacement needs account for 54% of the national investment with 46% going to expansion of new pipes. This ensures that more communities get clean drinking water while obsolete water supply lines are replaced at the same time.
According to the EPA, the United States needs to invest around $384.2 billion over the next 20 years to ensure continuation of safe water supply. In January 2016, Mark Dayton, the governor of Minnesota, unveiled an ambitious plan for modernizing the states aging water supply by investing $220 million to fix pipes and plants that treat the state's drinking water and sewage. This is the most ambitious effort in recent history that is aimed at fixing the aging water infrastructure in the country. It is important to note that for decades, lead pipes were used to supply drinking water, but the material has now been declared unsuitable because it is known to contaminate water with heavy doses of lead, which is incredibly harmful to the human body. For instance, long-term exposure to lead can reduce a child's ability to learn as it affects the development of the nervous system and brain. In adults, long-term exposure to lead can increase the risk of kidney damage and high blood pressure. That is why the case in Flint, Michigan, got a lot of nationwide coverage.
In Lansing, Michigan, the Board of Water and Light has replaced over 13,500 lead water pipes in an ambitious $42 million project whose implementation began in 2004. Currently, there are only 650 pipes to go. This is one of the many projects that are nearing completion and a case study for other local authorities to emulate. An investment in new infrastructure is a sound one because it not only ensures that local residents get clean drinking water over the next century, but also reduces repair costs and wastage of water resulting from pipe breaks. In the long term, therefore, both the government and local residents will get many benefits.
Buchanan County, Virginia, is one of the 10 local governments to receive a total of $500,000 from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) through the Water Community Assistance for Resiliency and Excellence program, commonly referred to as WaterCARE. The program is meant to help small communities in upgrading their water systems. To qualify for WaterCARE, a community must have a population of less than 100,000 people. The funds provided by the EPA are only meant for capacity building, not the actual infrastructure development. The community must also have below-average median household income and a need to address public health challenges. WaterCARE basically supports communities in developing financial planning strategies for wastewater and drinking water infrastructure development and management.
While there are many projects being implemented across the United States, the country still has a long way to go in terms of ensuring that every citizen has safe drinking water over the next 100 years. More water infrastructure improvement projects are currently underway and others are still being debated by local authorities.
Originally published by EKU Online
by Marc Richards, Engineering Manager
We're extremely excited to announce the release of Crashlytics for Android Studio!
At Crashlytics, we are passionate about building tools that developers love. When Android Studio was first announced at Google I/O this year, it immediately caught our eye. You could even say that Android Studio is the most Android-centric development environment, the next big thing, “the new black”! Well enough hype, let's get to the good stuff!
Everything You Need - Everything You Love
Our existing plugins for Eclipse and IntelliJ provide seamless integration with Crashlytics for real-time issue browsing, adding our SDK to new apps, and more. For Android Studio, not only do we deliver the same powerful features, but also provide native support for Gradle-based builds. It is everything you love about Crashlytics for Android, now integrated seamlessly into your Android Studio workflow!
Don't take our word for it:
"Crashlytics allows us to work more efficiently to fix and reproduce these situations. With our recent migration over to Android Studio, it offers amazing diagnostics for such a lightweight library. The plugin works seamlessly with Gradle and your project can be setup within a couple of minutes." JAMES INGHAM, SIMPLYTRAK
"The Android Studio Crashlytics Setup is just as simple (and shiny) as the Xcode equivalent. Click the button on the toolbar, follow the super-easy instructions, hit build, and the plugin will set everything up for you on your account. It almost makes you want your app to crash, just so you can try it all out!" BENJAMIN CLAYTON, CALVIUM
"Crashlytics for Android Studio has helped us develop, test and release our new app IT Manager Android app in record time. Since it's impossible for any developer to test their app on every Android device, Crashylitics gave us the confidence to launch on Android knowing that we could find the cause of and fix crashes quickly." PAUL DUMAIS, SMARTER-APPS
Whether you're new to Crashlytics for Android or migrating from a different IDE, you'll find that our Android Studio plugin has been crafted to give you the best Crashlytics experience, without ever having to leave Android Studio!
Here are a few highlights:
Robust Gradle Support - Exclusive to Crashlytics for Android Studio
Managing complex app builds with IntelliJ and Eclipse can be tricky due to their opaque Android builders. Delegating to Ant or Maven solves some problems but causes you to lose tight integration with your IDE. Android Studio solved this problem by natively delegating build automation to Gradle, providing consistency and supporting a wide variety of build configurations without a lot of overhead.
We've supported Gradle for command line builds ever since we launched Crashlytics for Android. As Gradle's Android plugin has matured, we are very proud and excited to extend this support into our Android Studio plugin!
Fully Automated Deobfuscation
ProGuard is an awesome tool, but we all know that tracking your mappings files and manually retracing your stack traces is a tedious pain in the you-know-what. We've brought our amazing zero-step, completely automated ProGuard deobfuscation to Android Studio. This saves you valuable time to grab a Red Bull, browse Hacker News, or you know, fix those bugs!
Beauty and Elegance
Let's face it: developer tools aren't known for looking pretty. It doesn't have to be this way! Everyday, you are working hard to delight your users with beautiful, groundbreaking app experiences. We think you deserve the same, so we took this opportunity to revisit the shared interface of all of our plugins for Android Studio, Eclipse and IntelliJ. We created a more dynamic, responsive, and enjoyable flow for all developers, regardless of your IDE of choice.
We are really excited to get Crashlytics for Android Studio into the hands of developers around the world. Since May this year, thousands of companies have been using our Android SDK in their apps. Our customers include:
We're proud of the tools we deliver to help make your Android development even more powerful. We're excited to hear what you think of Crashlytics for Android Studio. Sign up for Crashlytics and send us your feedback, we're always listening!
Already have an account? Get the plugin here.
Highlights from Twitterverse:
https://twitter.com/huntergdavis/status/385827577102741504
https://twitter.com/codebutler/status/385830201814310913
https://twitter.com/taylorhughes/status/385829458931744768
https://twitter.com/caidurbin/status/385828968597041152
https://twitter.com/chayapathi/status/385830399655436288
https://twitter.com/bitshiftcom/status/385867002222358529
Fuming, Trump accused his staff of making him look bad. In an expletive-laced explosion, he ripped the door off the subpar piece of furniture, a former senior Trump Organization employee recounted to CNN on Friday.
Thirty years later, the antique armoires at the White House remain intact. But Trump's temper -- honed over years as a public and political persona -- hasn't waned.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions bore the brunt of Trump's most recently disclosed upbraiding. The New York Times reported this week that Trump, in front of multiple people, called his long-time supporter an "idiot."
In the West Wing, Trump can be a temperamental commander-in-chief, prone to bursts of anger that dissipate as quickly as they came on. The rage is an extension of what many say they experienced on the campaign trail.
Some close to him even say his expressions of anger are a sign that he is engaged.
"I would much rather have him yell at me than be dismissive," said a source familiar with his management style. "If he doesn't get mad, it means he doesn't care."
People who have been in meetings with the President describe a pattern for Trump's outbursts. They arise without much warning -- in keeping with Trump's flair for the dramatic -- making it difficult for those in the room to avoid situations where the businessman-turned-politician lets loose on his subordinates.
He's not shy about singling out one particular aide for a lashing, even with others looking on. Fighting back rarely ends well, since there are few topics Trump won't broach in his humiliating takedowns.
He enjoys swearing, one source said, especially when he is around people he is comfortable with like his longtime aides and family. But he tries to avoid it with people who don't know him well.
His preferred curse word, multiple people say: The tried-and-true F-bomb.
'Volcanic' temper
One person who has been in meetings with Trump recalls the President displaying his "volcanic" temper when he "feels ganged up on" or when nobody tells him one of his ideas is good.
The tirades have, at times, left his staff shaken. After an angry phone call with the Australian prime minister in January, some of his staff were left white-faced after catching a first glimpse of his capacity for rage.
Even as his temper has left some with memorable stories, those who have been in the room with Trump describe a man who quickly moves on.
"He has a temper, yes, and it doesn't take much to set him off, but at the same time, it is always overblown and he will be fine five minutes later," said one person who had worked with Trump. "He can be volcanic and then he will be fine five minutes later."
Another source acknowledged that Trump had regular blow-ups during the campaign, but that they were more surprised by times when then-candidate held back.
"It was a pretty rare thing," the source said. "There were a lot of times on the campaign trail where he didn't get mad but if he had, nobody would have blamed him."
"President Trump goes out of his way to care for his staff and has throughout his career," a White House official said. "The relationships he has built and maintained are a testament to his leadership and his thoughtful approach. He looks out for his people and they look out for him."
Trump isn't averse to acts of kindness. Valet attendants at his Florida golf clubs say he has arrived on slow nights, when tips are scarce, to hand over $100 bills. Staff at the White House residence largely describe Trump as a pleasant, if mercurial, man to work for. And many of Trump's longest tenured advisers, men and women who have worked with him for two decades or more, remain loyal to him because they believe that loyalty is reciprocated.
But as Trump developed an outsized persona as a real estate developer and later as a television celebrity, it wasn't kindness that formed his reputation. It was anger in all its shades: the fury-filled executive, the high-maintenance billionaire, the pugnacious Twitter troll.
As Trump rants and raves through his first eight months in office, his penchant for outbursts has persisted. The isolation of the White House, paired with the enveloping cloud of the Russia investigations, have caused Trump to brood and bellow with unpredictable results.
Outbursts at his most loyal underlings have become commonplace. Multiple men of distinction, with long careers in public service, say the dressings-down that have sprung from Trump's lips are the most demeaning they've enduring in their adult lives.
Traveling in Arizona last month, Trump lashed out at his chief of staff John Kelly, trashing the retired Marine Corps general for suggesting the President tone down his heated political rhetoric when discussing policy matters. Before the same event, an irate Trump phoned his longtime advance man George Gigicos to complain the crowds at the rally looked sparse on television.
Three months earlier, it was Sessions at the end of Trump's fury firehose. Debasing him recusing himself from Russia-related matters, the President's tirade prompted Sessions to draft a resignation letter (Trump didn't accept).
Humiliation
The list of top officials that Trump has humiliated in front of other aides stretches on. He cut off and undermined his Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin during a meeting on the debt ceiling. He repeatedly and publicly accused his first chief of staff Reince Priebus of acting disloyal during last year's campaign. And he barred his first press secretary Sean Spicer from a meeting with the Pope, despite knowing of his long desire to meet the Pontiff.
Trump is not the first president to have explosive outbursts in the White House -- "You couldn't be around Bill Clinton very long without seeing him get angry," Clinton aide and senior CNN political analyst David Gergen has said. Multiple sources close to Trump, in an effort to tamp down on the President's outbursts, cast his anger as normal in a White House, noting that past presidents have displayed plenty of anger.
"I think he's a very even-keeled guy and a guy I've known for a while, so I don't see him as someone who goes into wild tantrums," said Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax and a Trump confidante. "A lot of Americans like that about Donald Trump. He's not going to be a pretend guy. He's not going to say he likes something when he really doesn't."
"When Donald Trump calls someone an idiot, I think in the Trump lexicon that is almost actually not a bad thing. That could be a good thing," Ruddy added. "Chuck Schumer was a clown, and he became a pal. Obviously, Jeff Sessions wasn't so angry about it. He's still in his post. He kept his position."
Trump himself has written that anger can be deployed as a tool as long as the actual emotions remain in check.
"Many people think I am an angry guy. But it's not true. I am tough and I am demanding, but I never lose it," he wrote in his 2007 book "Think Big."
"Sometimes I use anger in a controlled way to make a point when I am negotiating," he wrote. "In those situations, I am using anger for an effect, to further my goals. Using anger constructively is another form of mental toughness that you need to succeed."
But people who worked for Trump early in his career remember his temper showing more about him, not those he was fuming at.
Barbara Res, Trump's former head of construction who worked with the then-businessman for 18 years, described the President a "master" at using anger to "find the weakness in people and then exploit it to his benefit."
Res recalled a number of moments where Trump dressed down employees in front of their colleagues, but it was an inspection of The Plaza Hotel in the fall 1989 that sticks out to her most.
After fuming over the reviled armoire, Trump and Res moved onto the renovated bathroom, where the construction manager -- with the help of Trump's first wife, Ivana -- was installing cheaper green Chinese marble that the businessman had approved. He quickly flew into a rage.
"He started screaming, 'this is cheap shit. This is no good. You are making me look bad,'" Res recalled. "He is cruel and vicious and he undercuts. If he sees a weakness, he will pounce on it."
"That was his thing," she said. "He cut your heart out."
The following article first appeared on Role Reboot.
I do not have children, nor do I ever want them.
That is an unremarkable statement, and yet I continue to get confused and skeptical responses from many people. Some people are even downright defiant, stating, “Oh, you'll change your mind,” as if being nearly 34 years old, I haven't fully matured enough to know myself.
That particular response is such a scripted and infuriating brush-off that, at this point, I don't even like being asked if I have kids. To me, that simple question feels like the iron maiden of conversation devices, and each time I get asked it, it's as if the cold, metal door begins to shut around me and I must escape quickly if I want to get out alive.
While I feel overwhelmed now to the point of histrionics, I suspect I'd get a lot more of that second-guessing if I were a woman. My partner—who is a woman—certainly does. Once, after saying that she did not have children, someone incredulously replied to her by saying, “Well, why not?”
This is how our culture regards the child-free—it's as if the lack of being a parent has somehow stunted my maturity or growth, that I haven't yet finished my climb to adulthood because I've sired no sons or daughters. It's akin to how some people will regard unwed couples as less serious simply because they are not married (another circumstance that demands a shift in vocabulary).
SPONSORED
I suspect this presumption is also why the term “childless” has been so prominent for so long, as if all adults are simply waiting and hoping to have a child similar to how the jobless are hoping to become employed. The “-less” denotes that something is lacking in my child-free adult life, that it's a state of being that is happening to me rather than a choice I'm making for myself.
“Child-free” is a great alternative to the subtly pro-choice rhetoric of “childless,” and Chanel Dubofsky lays out a superb argument for preferring the former term.
Still, whatever term is used to describe adults without children, syntax doesn't get to the heart of the fact that living as an adult without children somehow still designates you as living life incompletely.
If Condoleezza Rice—an incredibly accomplished person — is still reduced to a pre-pregnant woman by being asked if she'd consider her life fulfilled even if she doesn't have kids, what hope could I have to be left alone on this whole child-having business? Not a lot, especially when New York magazine just ran a piece earlier this month featuring 25 famous women who do not have kids, yet used the term “childless” in their headline.
Let me be clear: There's nothing wrong with asking people if they have kids. The problem is that so many people do not end their inquiry upon learning there will be no kids. My frustration is with the cultural attitude toward my family as a DINK—Double Income, No Kids.
Truth be told, I'm completely fulfilled living my life with my partner. There are no ulterior motives for not having kids, and it's not so I can obtain this “having it all” status. Really. I just don't want to be a parent.
For most of humanity's history, there were serious economic and sociological reasons why people needed to have children. One hundred and 50 years ago, I probably would have needed to have children just so I wouldn't starve to death or die of exposure, and so I recognize that it's an immense privilege to elect to be child-free these days.
It's a choice everyone should be able to make for themselves, without the risk of being seen as irresponsible, immature or unfulfilled.
In my chattier moments, after having been asked why I don't want children, I've offered reasons like how expensive it is to raise children, what a time commitment it is, how I'm too selfish at this point to have kids, how I'm hesitant to risk passing on my genetic disposition for mental illness, and so on. These are cop-outs I've nervously given to people that I use to deflect further scrutiny. I've never really meant any of them.
I simply don't want to have children. The truth should be sufficient.
Amazon founder and self-described Star Trek superfan Jeff Bezos has shared with the world a Vine video depicting him in heavy alien makeup during his cameo in the latest installment of the popular sci-fi franchise.
The six-second clip, which the billionaire tech mogul posted on his Twitter page on Wednesday, shows an unrecognizable Bezos sporting elaborate prosthetics on his face and head enjoying a meal, presumably during the filming of Star Trek Beyond.
The short video also shows the high-powered 'Trekkie' washing down his dinner with water from a plastic bottle sipped through a straw.
Alien meal: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos shared a Vine of himself as a Star Trek Beyond extra eating dinner during filming
Drink up! The short clip also shows an unrecognizable Bezos washing down his meal with water sipped through a straw
The video was accompanied by a post that read: 'Bucket list. Cast, crew and Justin Lin @trailingjohnson were amazing. #StarTrekBeyond.'
Filmmaker Justin Lin, who directed the upcoming Star Trek film, also took to Twitter Wednesday and shared a still photo depicting Bezos in character on set.
'Great thing about making Trek is having passionate people drop by, like @JeffBezos. Here he is with Lydia Wilson,' Lin tweeted.
The photo shows Bezos' unnamed character in full Starfleet uniform standing opposite Ms Wilsoin's Kalara.
Bezos, 52, is listed as a 'Starfleet official' in the closing credits of Star Trek Beyond, which had preview screenings earlier this week ahead of its opening on Friday.
While details of the tech billionaire's exact performance are not known, it is believed Bezos plays an alien in the film and is in one tracking shot, with co-writer Doug Jung telling the Washington Post it required 'a ton' of makeup to make him look the part.
Cameo: Director Justin Lin shared this still photo from the set showing Bezos as a Starfleet official
Amazon founder and avid 'Trekkie' Jeff Bezos (pictured) has lived out a childhood dream by playing a role in the latest Star Trek blockbuster
Jeff Bezos has a small role as a Starfleet official in the new Star Trek Beyond film, which is released on July 22
'I remember that day when we shot, he was in a ton of alien makeup,' Jung told the newspaper.
'I remember hearing him say, "This is so great"... I just got a big kick out of that.
'Someone like Jeff Bezos - where you're like - you imagine the world is his oyster. But he got such a thrill out of something that was a day or half a day on set. It was great.'
Producer J.J. Abrams laughed about Bezos's silver screen appearance, saying: 'You can't keep people away... I saw it, I thought it was funny.'
While details of the tech billionaire's exact performance are not known, it is believed Bezos plays an alien in the film and is in one tracking shot
Co-writer Doug Jung said it required 'a ton' of makeup to make Bezos look the part in the new film
Chris Pine, who plays Captain Kirk in the film, said he didn't know who the 52-year-old was but it was 'obvious he was very important'.
'I was there for the bit with his like nine bodyguards and three limos. It was really intense,' Pine said.
'I had no idea who he was. Not a clue. But he was obviously very important.'
Bezos is a lifelong fan of the beloved science fiction series, revealing earlier this year he used to play Star Trek with his friends as a child.
'When I was in fourth grade, we would — me and my friends Dean and Kyle, who lived next door, a couple houses down in Houston, Texas — play Star Trek almost every day,' he told the Transformers conference.
Chris Pine (middle), who plays Captain Kirk in the film, said he didn't know who Bezos was but it was 'obvious he was very important'
(L-R) Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Sofia Boutella, John Cho, Idris Elba, director Justin Lin, Simon Pegg, Lydia Wilson and Chris Pine attend the premiere of Star Trek Beyond in London
'And we would fight over who got to be Captain Kirk or Spock or — and somebody usually played the computer, too.
'It actually was very fun. We made little cardboard phasers and cardboard tricorders and, you know —good days.'
According to his IMDB page, the appearance is the second time Bezos has been in a film, with the 2004 short Tooth Fairy his only other credited role.
Share. An up and coming British actress. An up and coming British actress.
Melanie Liburd has been cast as a Red Priestess for Season 6 of Game of Thrones.
This news comes from Deadline. Melanie Liburd is a British actress who has previously appeared in the likes of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Stalker, Dracula, and The Grinder.
Melisandre (Carice van Houten) has been the Red Priestess who's had the most screen time on Game of Thrones, but we did briefly meet another Red Priestess in Season 5, played by Rila Fukushima.
Though it's not much news to go on, it is another tidbit of information to hint at the direction Season 6 is headed in. Here's a breakdown of everything IGN knows about the new season so far (plus the fact author George R. R. Martin recently denied rumors that there would be a Game of Thrones movie).
Exit Theatre Mode
Matt Porter is a freelance writer based in London. Make sure to visit what he thinks is the best website in the world, but is actually just his Twitter page.
Major League Baseball isn't going to overlook an antigay slur spewed by Toronto centerfielder Kevin Pillar Wednesday night at a game against the Atlanta Braves.
MLB announced Thursday it suspended Pillar for two games for shouting “fag” at Braves pitcher Jason Motte after he struck out to retire his side in the top of the 7th inning at SunTrust Park in Atlanta. There was no mistaking what he said and the slur sparked both benches to clear.
Screenshot/MLB
Umpires maintained order and there was no brawl, but tensions were definitely raised. Television reports of the incident showing replays of what happened blurred Pillar's lips to obscure the offensive word.
Screenshot/MLB
After the game, with TV cameras and microphones surrounding Pillar in the locker room. Major League Baseball's leading hitter apologized — saying what he did was “immature, it was stupid.”
But he offered no explanation for why he said what he said.
On Thursday, Pillar tweeted a statement underscoring his regret over what he said, declaring he apologized not only to Motte, the Braves and their fans but also to the LGBTQ community for his “lack of respect.”
The words may have been sincere, but they did not spare him the consequences. The Blue Jays organization tweeted news of his suspension late Thursday, hours before the team's next game against the Braves.
Statement from the Toronto Blue Jays. pic.twitter.com/ASZuzUM6RM — Blue Jays (@BlueJays) May 18, 2017
And this suspension will cost Pillar. A Toronto sports columnist tweeted that the money he would have earned for playing the next two games is to be donated to a charity yet to be named.
Kevin Pillar's forfeited salary will be donated but details to be worked out. #BlueJays — Shi Davidi (@ShiDavidi) May 18, 2017
Back in 2012, New York Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard had just joined the team — from Toronto of all places — when he used the “F” word in a tweet. He apologized, calling it a “mishap.”
That same year, Syndergaard's former teammate, then-Toronto Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar, wrote “tu ere maricon” (“you are a faggot”) on his eye block.
Escobar was dealt a three-game suspension for that slur, forfeiting wages of $82,000, which was donated to LGBTQ causes.
This is clearly not a new phenomenon. Outsports even catalogued some of sportsball's best and worst apologies for homophobic slurs. MLB's intention in suspending Pillar hopefully will be to reinforce what the centerfielder said in his statement, that he is aware he “helped extend the use of a word that has no place in baseball, in sports or anywhere in society today.”
This Story Filed Under
During yesterday's Congressional hearings on the NSA, agency head General Keith Alexander claimed that the NSA's massive surveillance program has successfully prevented “dozens of terrorist events,” but did not go into specifics. Today Democratic senators Ron Wyden and Mark Udall called on Alexander to clarify those remarks, saying in a joint statement that neither of them have seen any evidence to support what he said.
Udall and Wyden have been two of the most outspoken Democrats bringing this issue to the public's attention. Udall was the senator who elicited the “least untruthful” answer from Director of National Intelligence James Clapper a few months ago when he denied the NSA has a program snooping on millions of Americans.
RELATED: NSA Director: ‘Dozens' Of Terrorist Plots Thwarted By Snooping Programs
The two senators released a joint statement today calling on Alexander to be more forthcoming with information about which attacks have supposedly been thwarted by the program.
“We have not yet seen any evidence showing that the NSA's dragnet collection of Americans' phone records has produced any uniquely valuable intelligence. Gen. Alexander's testimony yesterday suggested that the NSA's bulk phone records collection program helped thwart ‘dozens' of terrorist attacks, but all of the plots that he mentioned appear to have been identified using other collection methods. The public deserves a clear explanation.”
Wired Magazine has a profile out today on Alexander's leadership and his outlook on how much power the NSA needs to keep the country safe.
h/t TechDirt
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The report “They said that I'm not a human, that I am nothing. That I should rather be a terrorist, than a fagot” is based on testimonies of 33 people from Chechnya who were persecuted, illegally detained, and tortured. In this report, the Russian LGBT Network reveals the factual timeline of this crime against humanity and disentangles the details of the LGBT persecution in Chechnya. Based on testimonial evidence, the report underscores the brutality of the tortures and the Chechen authorities' involvement in criminal activities against LGBT people.
In her contribution to the report Elena Milashina, senior correspondent of the Novaya Gazeta, narrates the newest history of the Chechen Republic as she leads the reader through the two military campaigns and the events that followed Ramzan Kadyrov appointment as the Head of the Republic. She outlines the chain of social, political, and economic events that made mass persecution of LGBT people in the region possible.
The report confirms that gay purges in the region existed long before this mass outbreak of anti-LGBT actions in a form of blackmailing and racketeering. The shift happened, the report argues, in December 2016, when the state officials initiated mass detentions of gay men. The report confirms and expands the data presented in the previous reports, extensively discussing tortures that the victims were subjected to, in case they refused to out the gay men they knew. The Network reports that tortures included severe beatings and electrocutions. However, one of the victims discussed other brutal executions he faced while being detentained:
“I endured as much as I could [not to tell them names of other people], but I broke when they showed me a video of the tortures. They filmed it themselves. They caught a guy, he allegedly had contacts with terrorists. They brought in a hollow tube and a barbwire. They put a tube inside of him. In his anus. Then they put the barbed wire inside this tube. Then they took the tube out. Then they were slowly pulling the barbed wire out. When I saw that video and realized they had already brought the tube and the barbed wire I broke. I agreed to collaborate with them.”
Knowing that the public discourse and media coverage has had its major focus on the persecution of homosexual men, the Russian LGBT Network highlights the problematic position of women in Chechnya, focusing parts of its report on lesbian women and the complexities they face in their everyday life in the region. One of the women stated that she was forced to get married in order to hide her sexuality:
“I needed to hide the fact that I am a lesbian, so I married a man not to ruin the reputation of my family. I left the region soon, my mother renounced of me and everyone in the family knew that there was a sham marriage. Since then I was attacked with threats from my male relatives, who are seeking to punish me for a lie and my lifestyle.”
In the concluding remarks, the Russian LGBT Network finalizes the report and states that since February 2017, there are mass persecutions of men on suspicion of their homosexuality in Chechnya organized by the authorities. The Network has all the evidence to conclude that those persecutions fall under the category “crime against humanity”. The Russian Federation does not want or is not capable of initiating a criminal investigation of this crime. This situation can shift only if the political will of the highest officials change under the effective international pressure.
Over the last 4 months, the Russian LGBT Network used its best efforts to rescue those persecuted based on their (alleged) sexuality from the Chechen Republic. Since April 1, more than 130 people applied for help through the [email protected] emergency hotline. Activists evacuated more than 60 people from the region. According to the most recent updates from the Republic, detentions of people started again. Moreover, the Network has evidence that the authorities continue to threaten the victims and their families with criminal proceedings.
The Russian LGBT Network, an inter-regional social movement with its headquarters located in St. Petersburg, Russia, is an organization responsible for all of the emergency evacuation of the victims of the anti-LGBT purge in Chechnya. Its team has been working to help these people to flee the republic, to restore their feeling of safety and security, and to find sanctuary outside of Russia. It has been especially hard since both Russian and Chechen authorities have continued to deny that this crime against humanity is happening in the North Caucasus.
Download the Report “They said that I'm not a human, that I am nothing. That I should rather be a terrorist, than a fagot”
HELSINKI — Finland and its neighbor Sweden have centered their defense strategies for decades on neutrality and refraining from participating with the big military alliances on their doorsteps.
But the annexation of Crimea and war in Ukraine in 2014 changed that calculus in Northern Europe. Now, in another sign of the changing environment, Finnish Defense Minister Jussi Niinistö is pushing plans to host a large-scale military exercise as early as 2020 — and he has invited U.S. forces to participate.
“Finland has been attending all kinds of exercises during the recent years,” Niinistö told reporters on Tuesday. “It's time to have our own.”
Niinistö envisions hosting an exercise on Finnish soil similar in size to the “Aurora” drills that took place in Sweden in September. Those exercises mobilized 19,000 Swedish troops, plus more than a thousand from the United States, France, and Nordic and Baltic countries. Should plans for the Finnish exercises be finalized, they would be the largest military drills the country has ever hosted.
“Sweden said it is ready to participate,” Niinistö said. “But so far I've only raised the issue with my counterparts and opened the door for more discussions.”
The comments coincided with a visit from U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis to the Finnish capital for a series of bilateral meetings and a two-day summit of the Northern Group, a multilateral defense forum of 12 European countries: Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
“There is a lot less tone deafness from Washington these days about the domestic situation [in Finland]” — Charly Salonius-Pasternak, senior research fellow at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs
Amid the discussions of future military exercises and other avenues of cooperation at the summit, conversations centered around how best to respond to Russia's behavior, which in addition to the war in Ukraine has unnerved neighbors with provocative actions such as airspace violations, disinformation campaigns and electronic and cyberattacks. In 2015, the defense ministers from the Northern Group called Russia the biggest challenge to European security and pushed for closer ties as a form of deterrence.
Those ties have continued to grow, but tensions with the Kremlin remain high and some provocative moves in the region are still underway. Norwegian intelligence services said in October that their country suffered an electronic attack in September that came from Russia, with GPS signals on flights in northern Norway being jammed just as Moscow was carrying out its massive “Zapad” military exercise in the neighborhood.
“We know this noise came from the other side of the border,” said Frank Bakke-Jensen, Norway's defense minister. “But disabling air traffic like this is something we have prepared for, so it didn't affect us.”
Feeling the Russia effect
Similar preparations are underway for other countries in the region as well. Finland and Sweden, both non-NATO members, are boosting defense spending and increasing their cooperation with NATO. Today, both countries enjoy a privileged relationship with the alliance, including joint military planning and intelligence exchanges, and their militaries possess the technical abilities to operate with NATO.
This growing cooperation and both countries' strategic location close to Russia, including Finland's 833-mile (1,340 km) border with the country, have made the Nordic duo more attractive defense partners, allowing them to build closer ties with Washington in recent years.
Jim Townsend, the former U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for European and NATO policy, said a visit from Mattis and his meeting with the Northern Group is a clear signal of the organization's growing importance.
“We tried for years to get a [U.S. Secretary of Defense] to go to Northern Group meetings,” Townsend said. “But Mattis [in Helsinki] is a sign that it's now worthy to do so, mostly because of the Russians.”
Speaking alongside Finnish President Sauli Niinisto on Monday, Mattis praised Finland's commitment to its own defense and said ties between the two countries have “never been stronger.”
Known for cultivating good relations with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin as Moscow's ties with the West have been strained, Niinisto has also deepened ties with Washington, meeting President Donald Trump in August and increasingly leveraging his position to push for dialogue between Russia and the United States, even hosting diplomats from both countries for talks in September.
Balancing domestic concerns
The proposed large-scale military exercise in 2020 put forward by the Finnish defense minister would mark a major step forward for Finland's most visible security posture since the outbreak of war in Ukraine in 2014. But such a shift from foreign policy tradition won't go unopposed: Already, some members of the parliamentary opposition have voiced concerns.
Erkki Tuomioja, a former foreign minister and member of the Social Democrat Party, told the Ilta-Sanomat newspaper on Monday that he believes the defense minister is skirting parliamentary procedures in pushing to host such a large exercise and that he intends to oppose the drills.
During the Cold War, Finland remained militarily non-aligned and carefully balanced its relationship with Moscow, often accommodating the Kremlin in order to preserve its independence. And while Finland has moved closer to the West since the end of the Cold War, the issue of NATO membership, and the presence of a large number of foreign troops — particularly from the United States — is still a sensitive subject. A poll published on Monday suggested 59 percent of Finns opposed joining NATO.
Charly Salonius-Pasternak, a senior research fellow at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs, said that given these internal constraints, having Washington engage through the Northern Group is extremely important, as it allows Helsinki to avoid the thorny issue of NATO membership and work within the boundaries of its domestic politics.
“It's a sign to neighbors, Russia and to the Finnish people that things are changing" — Jim Townsend, former U.S. diplomat
“There is a lot less tone deafness from Washington these days about the domestic situation [in Finland],” Salonius-Pasternak said. “And this is actually allowing for more cooperation than ever before to take place, both in public and behind the scenes.”
This patchwork of alliances and networks was on display during the summit in Helsinki. On Monday, the Nordic countries of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden announced plans to tighten their cooperation even further by signing an agreement to exchange air surveillance data among their militaries.
With these new initiatives, and future large-scale exercises in Finland, Helsinki and its neighbors are hoping to paint a more robust security picture and show they are prepared for any future crisis.
“In the region, it's a big deal,” said Townsend, the former Pentagon official. “It's a sign to neighbors, Russia and to the Finnish people that things are changing.”
Papwa Sewgolum Golf Course, Durban, South Africa
Santa Fe, Mexico City
In 380 B.C.E. the Greek philosopher Plato wrote in Book IV of The Republic, “Any city, however small, is in fact divided into two, one the city of the poor, the other of the rich.” More than two millennia later came the invention of the drone and a photographer named Johnny Miller, who set forth a similar proposal in pictures.
Unequal Scenes began in Cape Town, South Africa, where the scars of apartheid still stretch across the urban sprawl. Flying a drone across the landscape, Miller discovered to his astonishment the stark contrast between the gated communities, golf courses, and rows of small, densely populated dwellings with tin roofs lined by dirt roads.
Before the end of apartheid in 1994, segregation was legally enforced and architecturally reinforced. Decades later, Miller could still make out where the former “buffer zones” between communities had been.
Miller's Unequal Scenes went viral around the world, sparking much-needed if sometimes uncomfortable conversations about economics, race, and prejudice. Though in Cape Town the problem is easy to map, South Africa certainly doesn't bear the weight alone. Unequal Scenes exist all over, as much today as they did in Plato's time.
The photographer has taken the project to Johannesburg, Nairobi, and Mexico City. The work has been criticized for expressing complex ideas in a way that seems simple, clear-cut, but Miller has a response to this line of questioning: he's not showing anything that isn't there. These are the places we call home.
Nelson Mandela famously said, “As long as poverty, injustice and gross inequality persist in our world, none of us can truly rest.” South Africa, it seems, along with cities across the entire planet, have never fully come to rest.
Explore the Unequal Scenes website here.
Masiphumelele and Lake Michelle, Cape Town
Hout Bay and Imizamo Yethu, Cape Town
Kya Sands, Johannesburg
Vusimuzi and Mooifontein Cemetery, Johannesburg
Loresho, Nairobi
Loresho, Nairobi
Ixtapalapa neighborhood, Mexico City
All images © Johnny Miller
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT >> ARE TAXED IS GETTING THERE MONEY'S WORTH? >> THE BRIDGE, ONE OF THE BUSIEST DRAWBRIDGES ON THE EAST COAST. THE CAPTAIN CALLS FOR PASSAGE. THE BRIDGE OPERATOR STROLLS UP TO THE BRIDGE HOUSE AND PUTS THE SAFETY GATE DOWN. AND OPENS THE BRIDGE FOR THE BOATS BELOW. HE MAKES NOTE OF THE VESSEL PASSING THROUGH AND HEADS BACK INSIDE. PHOTOS SHOW A COMFORTABLE WORKPLACE COMPLETE WITH A FUTON FOR RESTING. IT IS A STATE CONTRACTED JOB THAT SHOWS BETWEEN 75-100 $20 AN HOUR. AT LEAST 156,000 TAXPAYER DOLLARS A YEAR FOR A 40 HOUR WORK WEEK, A BIGGER PAYCHECK THAN THE GOVERNOR OF OUR STATE. >> I WAS GETTING 1350 AN HOUR. REPORTER: THEY WERE SHOCKED BY THAT RATE. THEY WORKED FOR THE BRIDGE FOR A DECADE UNTIL THEY WERE LAID OFF LAST YEAR. >> WHAT WENT THROUGH YOUR MIND? >> WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE? >> THAT MASSIVE INCREASE IN PAY KICKED IN WHEN THE STATE BEGAN MAINTENANCE. THAT PUBLIC CONTRACT TRIGGERED THE WAGE LOSS WHICH REQUIRES WORKERS BE PAID A WAGE FOUND IN EXISTING UNION CONTRACTS. THAT IS USUALLY HIGHER THAN THE GOING RATE IN THE MARKET. >> WHILE THE STATE'S WAGE LAW IS OUT OF CONTROL. >> GREG SULLIVAN SAYS MASSACHUSETTS IS ONE OF ONLY A HANDFUL OF STATES THAT SETS THE WAGE THAT WAY. THE MEDIAN HOURLY WAG IS $22 AND $.10 AN HOUR. >> IT SEEMS LIKE A WASTE. >> WHEN YOU SEE IT WASTED ON SOMETHING LIKE THIS IT MAKES YOU PULL YOUR HAIR OUT. >> EVEN THIS PIG IS FEEDING FROM THE TROUGH. ONE OF THOSE HIGH PAID RICH WORKERS BROUGHT HER BREAKFAST DURING THE WORKDAY MORE THAN AN HOUR AWAY FROM THE JOB SITE. THEY OPERATE THE BRIDGE THROUGH A CONTRACT WITH THE STATE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. A SPOKESPERSON TOLD US BECAUSE A CONTRACTOR IS INVOLVED THEY ARE OBLIGATED TO PAY THE PREVAILING WAGE. THEY TOLD US BRIDGE OPERATORS PERFORM OTHER DUTIES ON SITE AT OUR INVESTIGATION FOUND THEM SITTING IN THE TRAILER WAITING FOR BOTH TO COME THROUGH DAY AFTER DAY. >> IT DOES NOT SEEM TO MAKE SENSE TO ME. >> THE TOTAL COST TO OPERATE WAS ALMOST HALF $1 MILLION. A LAWYER TOLD US WORKERS DO FEED THE PIG BUT NOT DURING WORK HOURS. THEY SAID THE EMPLOYEES WE SAW WERE ON VACATION.
Advertisement 5 Investigates: Pay for drawbridge operators tops governor's salary State pays $75 an hour under prevailing wage law Share Copy Link Copy
Imagine the pay for a job skyrocketing nearly 600 percent overnight. That's the deal the state gave drawbridge workers on a publicly funded job on the North Shore. The Blynman Bridge in Gloucester is one of the busiest drawbridges on the East Coast. A ship's captain calls for passage, the bridge operator strolls out of a nearby trailer up to the bridge house, puts the safety gates down to block vehicle and pedestrian traffic, and opens the bridge for the boats below. The bridge operator closes the bridge, makes note of the vessels that passed through and heads back inside the trailer, where photos obtained by 5Investigates show a comfortable workplace complete with a futon for resting and flat screen television. It's a state contracted job that records show pays between $75 and $120 an hour. That adds up to at least $156,000 in taxpayer dollars a year for a 40-hour workweek. That's more than Gov. Charlie Baker is paid. "Iwas getting $13.50 an hour," said Frank Favoloro. Favoloro and Pete Billert worked for about a decade as bridge operators on the Blynman Bridge until they were laid off last year. They were shocked when we told them about the new $75 an hour pay rate. "Something's wrong with this picture," said Billert. That massive increase in pay for the bridge tenders kicked in when the state Department of Transportation contracted with a private company, Cora Operations of East Boston, to maintain and operate the bridge and bridge house. The statesaid that public contract triggered the state's prevailing wage law whichrequires workers be paid a wage found in existing union contracts, which isusually much higher than the going rate in the market. "This Blynman Bridge is a poster child example of why the state's prevailing wage law is out of control," said Greg Sullivan, research director for the government accountability group the Pioneer Institute. Sullivan said Massachusetts is one of only a handful of states that sets the prevailing wage this way. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median hourly wage nationally for a bridge tender is $22.10 an hour. "Massachusetts is in a tough financial situation right now, Sullivan said. "When you see it wasted on something like this, it really it makes you pull your hair out." Meanwhile,5 Investigates found even a pig living an hour away from the Blynman Bridge is feeding from the public trough. Our camera captured one of those high-paid bridge workers bringing her breakfast during the work day. A lawyer for Cora Operations told us their workers do feed the pig, but not during work hours. The company later told MassDOT a different story -- that the employee we saw was on vacation. The state is now reviewing all of the work logs at the bridge. MassDOT also said bridge operators perform other duties on site in addition to raising and lowering the bridge. But our investigation found them just sitting in the trailer waiting for boats to come through the canal, day after day. "Itjust doesn't seem to make sense to me," said Favoloro. MassDOT told us because a contractor is involved in the work they are obligated to pay the prevailing wage. The intent of prevailing wage laws is to make sure workers get paid a fair wage on publicly funded projects and to level the playing field for bidders on those projects. Thirty-two states have prevailing wage laws, but according to a 2015 study done by Anderson Economic Group, LLC, Massachusetts is one of only four states in the country that set the prevailing wage rates based solely on union contracts. Eighteen states have no prevailing wage law at all and most of the rest of the states also consider other factors, such as surveys of contractors and other area employers, which tend to lead to lower prevailing wages. "The reason that this abuse occurs is that Massachusetts has a prevailing wage law that's completely out of step with the rest of the country," said Greg Sullivan, research director for the government accountability group the Pioneer Institute. "The person who's running that bridge is making more than the secretary of transportation for the Commonwealth," Sullivan added. "That's what it's costing the taxpayers, so it doesn't make any sense and the whole prevailing wage system should be over-hauled. The union contract in this case required journeymen electricians be hired to operate the bridge at that higher rate. Operation costs at the Blynman Bridge for the first half of the year were almost$500,000.
Unlike my fellow Cyborgologists, who are based in sociology departments, I am working towards a Ph.D in an interdisciplinary field called Science and Technology Studies (STS). The field emerged in the late 60s amongst (and directly influenced by) the environmental movement, the anti-nuke movement, and second wave feminism. Today STS is an established field with departments all around the world. The interdisciplinary nature of the field makes it difficult to have one single umbrella conference, but the closest we get is the annual Meeting of the Society for the Social Studies of Science, or simply “4S.” The conference has panels on a wide variety of topics including, “(Re)Inventing the Internet: New Forms of Agency“, “Evidence on Trial: Experts, Judges and Public Reason“, and “Reproductive and Contraceptive Technologies: Shifting Subjectivities and Contemporary Lives“. There are also two sister conferences that happen simultaneously at nearby hotels: The Society for the History of Technology (SHOT) and the History of Science Society (HSS). While the conference was enjoyable, and the talks were fascinating, I was left wondering if STS is up to the task of changing how we talk about technology, science, and innovation.
There is a lot to talk about, but I want to focus on a meta-level critique that I saw throughout the conference. Now, more than ever, it seems as though the insights of STS scholars are crucial to the major events of the day. Unfortunately, our work has not reached popular press, nor has it had a major influence on socio-technical policy. As I have argued elsewhere, STS has done a poor job of making its canon relevant to the times. This is part of a larger problem that Nathan identified, that of the Internet Anti-Intellectual. While business leaders have been busy churning out popular press books by the dozens, scholars of technology and science are caught up talking amongst themselves in expensive journals and dense books. The question remains: How do scholars gain control of the conversation on technology's role in society? I posed this question to E. Gabriella Coleman after her presentation in “STS 2.0: Taking the Canon Digital”. Her response was rather straightforward, scholars need to get into op-ed columns. We need to start writing for popular audiences in a big way. We also need to start experimenting with new forms of publication. She then reiterated a strong statement from her presentation: “We need to end the monopoly of the cultural pundit.” I think we at Cyborgology are ahead of the curve on this mission. Our overall project has been one of mainstreaming academic work by providing relatively short, readable, and (dare I say it) entertaining posts about science, technology, and society. Most bloggers would not say this, but speaking personally- I want more competition! I want more popular texts in the field of society and technology.
I'd like to end here with an XKCD comic that Dr. Coleman put in her presentation, to demonstrate social science's relationship to science and technology in the popular imagination:
Randall Monroe's depiction of sociology as somehow “impure” speaks to the popular concepts of objectivity and subjectivity. The natural sciences are objective windows on how the world works, and the social sciences sit atop these truths on a bed of subjective opinions and observations. Sociology cannot penetrate these core layers of meaning, or provide insights on how mathematics (for example) is the product of a social activity called knowledge production. In short, STS (and my own work on Cyborgology) have been trying to make one, very basic, statement:
EDIT: November 07, 2011 19:04 EST- I made that STS reply cartoon back in April, and my advisor, Ron Eglash had replied to me in kind. With his permission I am including it below:
Shaun Bloodworth is a photographer living and working from Sheffield. He has taken an avid interest in the underground electronic music scene, documenting key players, collectives and musicians within the scenes from around the world. .
From his work with Rinse, FWD, Bleep, Tempa, and countless others - he has documented many many artists all over the world.
He has recently become very ill. He's been in the Northern General Hospital for 4 months now, waiting for a liver transplant. He's also suffered an infection that led to him having his lower leg amputated. His transplant is now imminent, but it's becoming critical that he receives a new liver soon.
Shaun is also self-employed, so this enforced and lengthy stay in hospital, and subsequent rehabilitiation, is making a bad situation even worse. This event is a chance for his friends to create something positive for Shaun and his family at this awful time.
Now is our chance to give back to one of the most loved men in the music industry...
A #RaveForShaun event is being arranged in London on Thursday 15th September featuring Geeneus / Katy B / Benga / Rustie / Pearson Sound / Lone / Special Request aka Paul Woolford / Toddla T b2b Roska / Illum Sphere / Tessela / Alexander Nut / Youngsta / Eclair Fifi / Untold / Horsepower Productions / Jon K / Loefah / Funk Butcher / Trim / Mary Anne Hobbs / Raji Rags / The Black Dog / Josey Rebelle plus countless other who can't yet be announced but believe us - it will be huge.
All money raised from the event and this donation page will go directly to Shaun and his family, as well as a donation given to Live Life, Give Life - a UK based organ donor charity. http://livelifegivelife.org.uk/
Please donate generously for a man in need and probably the nicest guy you will ever meet in the music industry!
Amid unsourced reports that he's interested in returning to the NFL, former Rams coach Jeff Fisher did a radio interview Friday and defended, at length, his five-year tenure with the Rams.
“I have no regrets whatsoever,” Fisher said on Nashville's 104.5-FM. “I am a huge fan of the Rams players. They're basically — I don't want to say my players — but I had a lot to do with that roster. Left them in pretty good shape, and Sean (McVay), as he has shown in a short period of time, is an outstanding young coach, and he's got the offense going, which was needed.”
Related Articles Rams rookie Cooper Kupp proves he belongs as he strives for perfection
New Rams kicker Sam Ficken went from finance firm to NFL with one phone call The Rams fired Fisher last December, with three games remaining in the 2016 season. Fisher coached the Rams to a 31-45-1 record and they never made the playoffs. McVay, in his first season as Fisher's successor, has led the Rams to a 10-4 record and the cusp of the NFC West title.
And while Fisher, twice in a 55-minute interview, gave unprompted praise to McVay, he said the Rams made needed talent upgrades on offense and “did what we wanted to do before I left.”
In recent weeks, various stories have indicated Fisher wants to return to the sideline. His 22-year coaching career included a trip to the Super Bowl with Tennessee in 1999, but Fisher also has only six winning seasons. Fisher is 12th in NFL history with 173 coaching wins and, as he pointed out in the interview, coached the Titans and Rams when both teams relocated.
Fisher was given, during the interview, an open-ended chance to defend his record.
“My perspective is different because I went through it and I know exactly what I went through,” Fisher said. “I get a kick out of people (saying), ‘Oh, you just tied Dan Reeves for most losses in the history of the National Football League.' Well, I'm a few wins away from being in the top 10. So, where do you want to emphasize? What's your point?
“Two different franchises, five different cities, six different stadiums. Not an easy thing to do. The Chargers moved from San Diego to Orange County and started 0-4 (this season). Relocation is huge. And I'm not making excuses.”
Fisher did a deeper dive into his time with the Rams, which started in 2012, a year after the team went 2-14 and fired Steve Spagnuolo. Fisher pointed out that the Rams “averaged three wins a year for five years before I got there.” Fisher went 7-8-1 in his first season, but never won more than seven games.
“We were making progress and the team was deprived,” Fisher said. “It was deprived of talent. So we started building. The next year, our quarterback tears his ACL. The next year, our quarterback tears his ACL again.”
That's pretty much where Fisher's defense of himself ended, with Sam Bradford's second injury in 2014, although Fisher did speak at length about Jared Goff, the quarterback Fisher and the Rams drafted with the No. 1 overall pick in 2016.
Fisher waited until midseason to start Goff, who then went 0-7 and suffered with a porous offensive line and an inefficient group of targets. Fisher said he didn't regret any of his choices with Goff, who is a Pro Bowl first alternate this season. Of Goff's success, Fisher said, “We knew that was coming.”
“All through it, I was thinking about the best interests of the franchise, not myself,” Fisher said. “If I was worried about myself, I probably would have started him from day one and said, ‘Hey, this guy is going to be a better player.' That was his rookie year, so we could chalk (struggles) up to a rookie year, but no, I wanted to do what was best for Jared.”
Auggie Pullman (Jacob Tremblay), the central character in Stephen Chbosky's “Wonder,” is a brainy 10-year-old boy with a sweet high voice and a congenital facial deformity, whom numerous corrective surgeries have left looking like a cherub after a car accident. His left eye tugs downward as if a teardrop were falling from it; his ears are bulbs of flesh, and his face is framed by a pinkish ring of scar tissue. That said, he's not the Phantom of the Opera. He's just an ordinary kid whose looks take a bit of getting used to.
Auggie is a science geek who loves “Star Wars” and Minecraft, ice cream and X-Box sports games; he's fueled by all-American fantasies of going to outer space. (He likes to walk around in a toy astronaut helmet that conceals him and feeds his dreams.) His face, which looks youthful and old at the same time, is jarring the first time you see it, but the more you take in his innocent if slightly askew elfin features, the more his soul shines through. Any thoughts that he's ugly, or odd, are really in the eye of the beholder.
Movies about people with dramatic disfigurements run a high risk of being mawkish and manipulative. Yet maybe because the dangers of grotesque sentimentality loom so large, a handful of filmmakers, over the years, have made a point of taking on stories like this one and treading carefully around the pitfalls. David Lynch did it in “The Elephant Man” (1980), his shrewdly restrained, underbelly-of-London Gothic horror weeper, which revealed John Merrick, beneath his warped and bubbled flesh, to be a figure of entrancing delicacy. Peter Bogdanovich did it in “Mask” (1985), his straight-up tale of a teenager with a face of scowling strangeness who came to embrace the person he was.
More Reviews TV Review: 'The Enemy Within' Starring Jennifer Carpenter Film Review: ‘2019 Oscar Nominated Short Films: Documentary'
“Wonder” is a movie that belongs in their company. It's a very tasteful heart-tugger — a drama of disarmingly level-headed empathy that glides along with wit, assurance, and grace, and has something touching and resonant to say about the current climate of American bullying. At the same time, the film never upsets the apple cart of conventionality. “Wonder” is an honest feel-good movie, but it lacks the pricklier edges of art.
Auggie has been home-schooled by his mother, Isabel (Julia Roberts), in their cozy Brooklyn brownstone. But now that he's 10, she and Auggie's dad, Nate (Owen Wilson), have made the decision to send him to middle school. They know they can't shield him from the world forever, and they have no desire to.
Roberts and Wilson make a compelling team; they play the Pullmans as supremely sensitive, loving parents who have the occasional tug-of-war spat about what's best for their special son. Yet both want him to stand up for himself, and to be part of a community. Auggie wants that, too, though the kids he meets at Beecher Prep School don't make it easy. By the end of his first day there, he has already been nicknamed (after one of his favorite “Star Wars” characters) “Barf Hideous,” and he chops off the rat-tail braid that's his only fashion statement — a testament to the destructive power of peer pressure. Just enough of the kids treat Auggie like a freak to make the belief that he is one tough for him to shake.
This is the third feature directed by Chbosky, the novelist who actually got his start as a filmmaker (with the 1995 indie “The Four Corners of Nowhere”), and it was his second, “The Perks of Being a Wallflower” (2012), that established him as a major directorial voice. Adapted from his own first novel, “Perks” was the most remarkable coming-of-age movie in years, a drama that took in, with astonishing authenticity, the pleasures and perils of teenage life. (It also used David Bowie's “Heroes” in a way that's so transporting it trumps every musical sequence in “Baby Driver.”) “Wonder” is a movie by the same sharp-eyed, open-hearted, close-to-the-ground filmmaker. Chbosky, working in the tradition of Jonathan Demme, doesn't hype what he shows you, and he cuts to the humanity of everyone on screen, even those who act badly. (He has a touching refusal to demonize.)
“Wonder,” adapted from R.J. Palacio's 2012 novel (which took its title from the 1995 Natalie Merchant song about overcoming disfigurement), is a less audacious film than “The Perks of Being a Wallflower.” But Chbosky's intense understanding of the layered personalities of kids is a rare gift. He lets the movie breathe by refusing to restrict the drama to Auggie's point of view. It's built around his gentle sadness and yearning, but it opens up into chapters told from the vantage of Jack (Noah Jupe), his science-class partner, who looks like he might be turning into Auggie's buddy, only to leave him with a sense that he can't trust anyone; and Auggie's high-school sister, Via (Izabela Vidoovic), who's the most complicated character in the movie. She has grown up in a family so organized around Auggie that her own needs can never come first. She wouldn't think to question that, but the dynamic has graced her with both compassion and a hidden wound, and Vidovic's pensive presence lends her scenes a rapt center of gravity.
Chbosky has a sixth sense for how to let a drama flow from anecdote to anecdote. Auggie's favorite holiday, Halloween, leads to the moment when he overhears Jack, goaded by the smug, fashionable Julian (Bryce Gheisar), snarking to the other kids about him — a devastating betrayal, but one that turns out to be crucial to cementing their friendship. Jack can't get past his prejudice until he has outed it. “Wonder” is a movie that's finely attuned to what bullying is actually about: kids walling off their feelings, giving into the dark side of themselves to be superior. Bullies, of course, weren't born bad, but in “Wonder” the idea is no pious abstraction — it plays out in every encounter between Auggie and those who would treat him meanly. The scenes are really about how his presence is a threat to their too-cool-for-schoolness.
“Wonder,” as effective as it is, is a movie in which everything has a way of working out with tidy benevolence. Via goes from being shunned by her best friend (Danielle Rose Russell), who has joined a hipper clique, to falling for a charismatic kid (Nadji Jeter) from the drama club to trying out for a student production of “Our Town” to winning her friend back to becoming the understudy who knocks 'em dead on opening night. Auggie, over the course of fifth grade, goes from being the school goat to a school hero. Yet Jacob Tremblay, acting from behind his transformative make-up, roots that journey in something real: the fact that who you are, whether you look like Auggie Pullman or someone more “normal,” can be a prison or a liberation, depending on the path you choose. Of all the films this year with “wonder” in the title (“Wonderstruck,” “Wonder Woman,” “Wonder Wheel,” “Professor Marston and the Wonder Women”), this is the one that comes closest to living up to the emotional alchemy of that word.
Shaw grew up in Maryland, where she attended the University of Maryland Baltimore County on a scholarship supporting African Americans pursing Ph.D. degrees in STEM fields. There, she earned B.S. and M.S. degrees in mechanical engineering. She earned her Ph.D. in mechanical engineering at Johns Hopkins University, where she specialized in studying materials. She worked with thin films and microelectromechanical systems, or “little machines” as Shaw calls them. For several years after her Ph.D., she studied the strength of platinum alloys in Cape Town, South Africa, with a focus on creating stronger and more scratch-resistant allows for use in jewelry and other products.
A few years later, Shaw made her way to NASA back in the U.S., where she started working on various flight projects. As a materials engineer, she recommended, tested and approved materials for various NASA equipment and space flight missions, including the Hubble Space Telescope. For Shaw, working on materials for the Hubble Space Telescope, specifically on materials for the tools astronauts would use to repair the satellite, has been one of the most exciting accomplishments of her career so far.
“The Hubble mission was exciting because it involved science, helping us look further out into the universe; it involved astronauts, because astronauts had to service the telescope in space; and it was a giant engineering challenge to repair the satellite in space,” Shaw said. “I was able to work on that mission for several years before the mission launched, so I saw the whole process. It was very exciting.”
Over time, Shaw transitioned from her career in materials engineering to a career in safety at NASA. Today, Shaw is the lead of the Safety, Quality, and Management Systems Division at NASA's Stennis Space Center. Shaw works to improve and maintain a culture of safety at Stennis, or “how people act when no one is watching, like how you automatically put on your seatbelt,” Shaw said. “That's what we are trying to do here, making safety a part of how we do business.”
Throughout her undergraduate and graduate education, Shaw was also active in various organizations promoting women and minorities in STEM fields. Below, we've asked her a few questions about her experiences as a female engineer, how she has realized her dreams and what advice she has for young women pursuing STEM careers.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.) on Thursday said Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) reneged on a deal they hashed out in private earlier this year to pass a “clean” stopgap bill funding the government.
Reid said Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE never wanted to wage a protracted battle over ObamaCare as part of the negotiations to keep the government running.
“I know that that's not the path he preferred,” Reid said. “I know that because we met the first week we came back in September and he told me that what he wanted was a clean CR and the $988 [billion] number.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We didn't like the 988 number. We didn't like it but we negotiated. That was our compromise,” Reid added. “The exact bill that he now refuses to let the House vote on. That was our negotiation.”
Many Democrats wanted to set the funding level in the continuing resolution at $1.058 trillion, rather than at the sequester level of $988 billion.
Reid said he didn't have to twist Boehner's arm to get a preliminary deal on a clean stopgap.
“He twisted mine a little bit to get that number,” Reid said.
“Now he refused to let his own party vote because he's afraid to stand up to something he originally agreed to,” he added.
Democrats and a small group of centrist Republicans in the House are pushing Boehner to allow a vote on a clean continuing resolution that would fund the government without changing or delaying ObamaCare.
But House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE (R-Va.) on Thursday suggested a "clean" government funding bill could not pass the House because not all Democrats would support it. He said Republicans would instead press ahead with legislation to fund individual parts of the government.
Facebook says it is "aggressively disabling" applications that claim to allow users to see who is viewing their profile.
It has also confirmed that the programmes do not work and won't allow access to private information.
Several variants of the so-called "stalker apps" have appeared on Facebook in recent days.
Unwitting users have helped spread the rogue software by attempting to install it.
Among the applications that have now disappeared from the site are "Stalker Check", and "Who has visited my profile".
They claim to show users who, among their friends, is regularly visiting their page.
In a statement, Facebook said: "Don't believe any applications that claim they can show you who's viewing your profile or photo. They can't."
Our philosophy is that having an open system anyone can participate in is generally better
Our philosophy is that having an open system anyone can participate in is generally better Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg
Most of the stalker apps appear to have been created to generate cash for their designers.
Facebook's Head of European Policy, Richard Allan, said: "Applications try to attract users in and try to get people to install them.
"Once a large number of users have installed that application, they can try to offer services like advertising that will make money."
However, there remains the potential for victims to be directed to sites containing viruses and other malicious software.
It has, once again, raised the question of Facebook introducing an application vetting process, along the lines of Apple's App Store system.
Speaking to Newsbeat in March 2009, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg rejected the idea.
He said: "There will occasionally be some applications that people don't like.
"Our philosophy is that having an open system anyone can participate in is generally better."
(In the 10th paragraph, corrects the name of the company to Financial Engines, from Retirement Engines.)
By Linda Stern
WASHINGTON, Feb 29 (Reuters) - Will the baby boomers be the only generation to retire with 401(k) plans? It could happen.
Last week many of the nation's biggest thinkers on retirement got together in a Senate hearing room to discuss the future of pensions and retirement. There were representatives of unions, employers, financial services providers, government agencies and consumer groups. And the only thing they all seemed to agree on was this: The 401(k) plan has been sort of a failure.
Those are strong words, and probably overstate the case. Current and future retirees now have some $4.3 trillion for retirement that wouldn't be there if it weren't for their 401(k) and other defined contribution accounts, so it's hard to declare them a complete failure.
But policymakers are now looking beyond the once-vaunted 401(k) because it has two significant shortcomings:(1) It's not powerful enough to secure the retirements of low-income workers who can't afford to stash away enough money; and (2) It leaves each accountholder alone to manage risks. Without being able to pool risk, participants have to settle for lower returns and lower withdrawals.
That cuts the amount that they can spend in retirement, and reduces the likelihood that their money will last until they die.
There is one other reason that retirement analysts are rethinking the 401(k). Financial services firms -- the mutual funds, insurance companies and investment managers who currently are holding that $4.3 trillion for the nation's workers -- don't want to hand it over when the baby boom generation asks for its cash.
There are a lot of proposals and products floating around now that are designed to address these shortcomings and issues. The Obama Administration is trying to encourage workers to think about products (like insurance policies and other investment vehicles) that could guarantee workers lifetime income.
One type of policy proposal would divert 401(k) funding (either prospectively, or, in some cases, using existing assets) to buy into more pension-like plans. Hank Kim of the National Conference on Public Employee Retirement Systems is proposing that states, already used to running efficient pension plans, could run private pensions for small employers. Plans advanced by a broad spectrum of experts, including Teresa Ghilarducci of the New School for Social Research, C. Eugene Steuerle of the Urban Institute and Richard Shea of Covington & Burling, would compel employees and employers to put money towards pension-like guaranteed plans.
Already in the market are products designed to convert existing 401(k) balances into lifetime money streams, and those products are coming on strong. Subsidiaries of insurers like Prudential Financial Inc and ING Groep NV are offering hybrid products within 401(k) plans that seem like annuities but offer greater freedoms: Both will guarantee lifetime income off of 401(k) assets for a 1 percent annual fee, but participants get some growth and can change their minds and withdraw assets at any time.
Other investment companies, like Vanguard, offer mutual funds that will automate distributions (though not guarantee lifetime income) for investors. Financial Engines, an independent advisory company, offers a retirement income program through 401(k) plans that is designed to last a lifetime, though it stops short of that guarantee.
Anyone under the age of 50 should watch that space; policy changes down the road could change the shape of their retirement savings significantly, and everything from a curtailing of 401(k) tax breaks to new state-run programs is under consideration somewhere, by somebody.
But people over the age of 50 should devote extra care to watching these developments. Baby boomers who spent their careers building up those 401(k) accounts aren't going to catch the next wave of retirement plans; they're going to have to live on their savings. Here's a bit of advice for them.
-- Make compromises. If you put all of your money into some kind of guaranteed-for-life product, you typically lock in low returns and you often lose the ability to get your money back. If you keep all of your money invested for growth and pull out withdrawals on your own, you could run out of it before you die. But if you annuitize just a portion of your money, you are free to invest the rest more aggressively.
-- You don't have to rush. Everyone keeps telling boomers that they will probably have retirements that last for decades, so there's no need to panic and lock up your money in some kind of super-safe, super-low-yielding instrument on the first day of your retirement. The older you are when you buy a lifetime product, the bigger the monthly benefits.
Furthermore, money locked away now in annuities is not going to get top dollar returns because interest rates are comparatively low. You can buy a little now and a little later, or just wait until later. Another reason to do that? Products are improving, with more benefits and lower fees. It's sort of like buying a flat screen and then being sorry you didn't wait.
-- Prepare to pay. The idea of guaranteed lifetime income is nice, but it's not free. When you turn your assets over to an insurance company for a lifetime annuity, you give up the cash forever. Even if you go for one of the relatively new hybrid products, there are fees. The Prudential and ING products each charge 1 percent of assets a year for the guarantee -- not counting the investment management fees for the funds in their plans. And the more complicated a product is, the harder it is to unpack. If you're looking at a hybrid, consider: (1) how you can get your money back; and: (2) how much are the underlying fund fees; (3) how much lifetime income are you promised; (4) how solid is the guarantee; and (4) what are your total all-in costs?
Thanks to Lou Pagnucco on the LENR Forum for posting links to two new related patent applications that Airbus has submitted to the US Patent office that show they have continued interest in the field of LENR.
The first is for: “Material arrangement for fusion reactor and method for producing the same”
Here's the abstract:
“A material arrangement for a fusion reactor comprising at least one material which is configured as a foam-like carrier material for condensable binding and fusing of hydrogen. The carrier material is provided with positively charged vacancies for condensing hydrogen atoms, small pores for receiving the condensate and for accelerating the condensation after previous penetration of atoms or molecules into these, and large pores for transporting a catalyst into the small pores. Furthermore, a method for producing the material arrangement is disclosed.”
One interesting excerpt:
“In addition to hot fusion, various fusion processes in the field of cold fusion have already been described. In this case these frequently lack demonstrable functionality and efficiency. A development in the field of cold fusion towards the use of condensed matter is increasingly indicated.”
The second application is for “Method and Apparatus for Generating and for Fusing Ultra-dense Hydrogen”
Abstract:
“A method for generating and for fusing ultra-dense hydrogen in which molecular hydrogen is fed into at least one cavity and catalyzed, where the splitting and subsequent condensation of the molecular hydrogen is initiated on a catalyst of the cavity to form an ultra-dense hydrogen. The ultra-dense hydrogen is exposed to pressure or electromagnetic radiation to initiate fusion of the ultra-dense hydrogen in the at least one cavity and the reaction heat is led out from the at least one cavity. The pressure as mechanical resonance or the electromagnetic radiation as electromagnetic resonance amplifies the field and therefore the effect. Also, an apparatus for carrying out the method is disclosed.”
Airbus has previously filed a LENR-related application (see here), so they seem to be quite serious about this area. Berhard Kotzia is listed as the inventor on this new application, and he was a co-inventor in the earlier one. It's not clear how much practical research they have done in connection with these applications, however. I suppose it is possible that they are trying to stake an early claim in anticipation of growing competition in the field, without having done much experimentation so far. Ultra-dense hydrogen seems to have become quite a watchword lately.
While on the Ron Smith show today, one caller asked, “So, where would you cut spending?” Given my recent piece, The Virtue of a Big Bang, I was ready. My view is that in a crisis, pain should be shared as evenly and broadly as possible. Thus when someone claims that the schools or hospitals must be exempt, you come back with “No one is exempt. There are lower priority projects and functions everywhere inside government.”
An aside: I live in Howard County, Maryland, which has the best school district in the state. We homeschool anyway. Unlike most places in the US where homeschoolers tend to be evangelical Christians, here most homeschoolers are purely secular. We hear tales of those who have left the public schools decrying the sloppiness and waste in the system. Also, we experience that the system demands more of homeschoolers than it asks of those that go to the public schools.
Earlier in my life, I have been on school boards — as a homeschooler, of course not now, that would be impossible. No one would elect someone who homeschools to the school board. But from my earlier work, and what I know from a basic understanding of the economics of public school systems, when counting in the fair value of pension accruals, teachers are very well paid. We can freeze their pay, and freeze their benefits.
And, that is true for all government programs. Cut an even amount everywhere; freeze them in nominal dollars at least. Yes, that's painful. Pain needs to be shared as we cut back after years of growth beyond our ability to sustain it without additional debt.
Governors and mayors, ignore the screams. People need to learn to make do with less. If you lead, they will follow. People love politicians that flout pandering, and stand for something, particularly during times of crisis.
The Same Idea on the Federal Level
Okay, much as I am not in favor of Obama's plan for national health care, let me propose something like it. It is time to tame Medicare. The concept of a safety net means basic care, not extraordinary care. News bulletin: every one of us will die, regardless of how much medical care we receive. Too much money is spent in the last six months of life, for too little good. If people want to spend their own money for extraordinary care to extend life, that is their own business, but it should not be the way the government spends, if it spends at all on health care.
Away from health care, let's consider “Defense.” To any who think me a slave of living near DC, pleazzze get it, even though if implemented, most of my friends would be hurt by what I am about to say, I will say it anyway.
There are bases overseas where soldiers face no real possibility of combat. There is no real reason for the bases, aside from the US acting like an empire over the rest of the world. We need to close bases in the US, and even more overseas. They don't benefit US interests. We do not need to be the global policeman.
Also, many weapons programs fail. They don't produce anything useful, and yet a huge bureaucracy gorges on the cash from the US Government.
We need to focus on defense. Defense, not dominating the rest of the world. We don't need a large military. We don't need to be in Iraq, and maybe not Afghanistan, and we don't need legacy bases all over the world. Cut “defense” spending, it is useless to the US.
If we didn't try to dominate the Mid-East, we would not face many terror threats. We get what we deserve. Would we like it if outsiders tried to influence our leaders, and our selection of leaders?
Everything Must Be Cut
Fairness is paramount. Americans have a strong sense of fairness. If everything is being cut, then the sense of shared pain will reduce support for riots and demonstrations where people plead for their special interests. Let the students that want lower tuition at the state University pay more. Much more, but in rough proportion to the cuts in the rest of society.
If we cut Medicare by reducing our willingness to pay in the last six months of life, even so, let us make other cuts, such as reducing or eliminating Medicare Part D. There is no good reason to have a Medicare drug benefit. Please end this signature program created by George W. Bush.
I will say it again, cut everything. Get your head around the idea that preserving the nation, state, or municipality is worth a lot more than preserving the stupid programs that venal ideologues are ranting must be kept. There is nothing that must be kept, aside from police, fire, justice, and public health. Even they should have wage cuts — the pain must be shared everywhere.
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Facebook
MOBILE, Ala. – The University of South Alabama accepted an invitation to play in the inaugural Raycom Media Camellia Bowl at a press conference Wednesday afternoon held in the John Counts Room at the Mitchell Center.The Jaguars will be making their first-ever bowl appearance after earning an invitation from Johnny Williams, Executive Director of the Raycom Media Camellia Bowl. Accepting on behalf of the USA were President Dr. Tony Waldrop, Director of Athletics Dr. Joel Erdmann, Jag head coach Joey Jones and Danielle Watson, President of the Student Government Association."We're extremely excited that South Alabama will play the first bowl game in school history at the inaugural Raycom Media Camellia Bowl," Williams said. "This is a historic moment being the Raycom Media Camellia Bowl's first game and the University of South Alabama first bowl appearance.""Certainly on behalf of the board of trustees, the faculty, staff and students, all of the athletic department staff, but more importantly, on behalf of the coaches and players, we enthusiastically are honored to be part of the Raycom Media Camellia Bowl," Waldrop stated. "The importance of this bowl game is great, obviously for the football team and all the fans, but it's also great for the student life here. What an accomplishment: after just six years of having a football program, we're going to a bowl game."This is the Jaguars' sixth season of competition, and just their second as a full-fledged NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision member; it's the fastest an FBS program has been invited to participate in a bowl game, as former Sun Belt Conference member Florida Atlantic accomplished the feat in the Owls' seventh year, and third at the FBS level. USA was also eligible to participate in a bowl last fall after finishing 6-6, and has an all-time mark of 37-27 over six seasons — all under Jones."I want to thank ESPN and the Raycom Media Camellia Bowl for inviting us to be in their bowl game; we are certainly excited about that," said Jones. "I know it will be a great event for both teams — we're looking forward to participating in it. Last year, we became bowl eligible, but didn't quite get in. This year, we became bowl eligible and got in."I'm so proud of our players and the sacrifices they've made to have this moment," he continued. "My heart goes out to them, it's really all about the players. These guys have four or five years to play and I want to make it as special as I can for them, because these guys have made it special for me. I really appreciate what they've done to get us here."The 2014 Raycom Media Camellia Bowl will be played on Saturday, Dec. 20 at 8:15 p.m. (CDT), with the game scheduled to be televised by ESPN. South Alabama — which concluded the regular season 6-6 overall and 5-3 in the Sun Belt — will face a team from the Mid-American Conference that is expected to be announced on Sunday.Tickets for the bowl game cost $25 per person. Jaguar Athletic Fund donors and USA season ticket holders will have an exclusive time-frame for purchases beginning at 8 a.m. on Thursday through the end of day on Monday by calling (251) 461-1USA (1872), while starting on Tuesday, sales will begin to the general public should tickets still be available. All seating locations will be determined by JAF priority points and purchasers will be notified when tickets are available for pickup."Being offered the opportunity to participate in the Raycom Media Camellia Bowl is indescribably exciting and tremendously rewarding," Erdmann said. "It's an incredible reflection on the hard work and commitment of so many people involved in the process of South Alabama football, specifically head coach Joey Jones, our student-athletes, coaching and support staff who have fought hard and prepared so well in getting us to this point."We are all one team, we are all one family, we represent this university and our community," he added. "The team and the coaches have a certain role; that's to practice, to compete and to win. We — the ones not on the team — have a different role, and that's to support them and drive that engine. We need to be able to go to Montgomery and represent ourselves to the best of our ability."As we anticipated this, we sat down and came up with a rallying cry. Our battle cry is 'Mission: Montgomery.' Mission: Montgomery has three basic goals: buy tickets, travel to Montgomery and rally around the team."More information involving the Jaguars' participation in the inaugural Raycom Media Camellia Bowl will be released when it becomes available.For more information about South Alabama athletics, check back with www.usajaguars.com, and follow the Jaguars at www.twitter.com/USAJaguarSports. Season tickets for all Jaguar athletic events can be purchased by calling (251) 461-1USA (1872).—USA—
I wanted to investigate how to implement something similar to my previous Event Sourcing examples (see Java and Clojure) but this time using Datomic. In particular, I wanted to keep the way commands are implemented in the domain, the way commands could be executed asynchronously and aggregates for consistency. If this sounds interesting I'm giving a talk at JavaZone with more details.
All example code for the blog post is available at rock-paper-scissors-with-datomic.
Domain code
I will use the exact same commands as my Event Sourced example.
(defrecord CreateGameCommand [aggregate-id player move]) (defrecord DecideMoveCommand [aggregate-id player move]) 1 2 ( defrecord CreateGameCommand [ aggregate - id player move ] ) ( defrecord DecideMoveCommand [ aggregate - id player move ] )
The protocol for handling commands will the same with the only difference is that it should return tx-data that will be passed to the transact function.
(defprotocol CommandHandler (perform [command state])) 1 2 ( defprotocol CommandHandler ( perform [ command state ] ) )
We also need to define the schema for how to represent the game:
Game entity (state: GameState, created-by: Player, winner: Player, loser: Player, moves: Set[Move])
Player entity (email: String)
Move entity (player: Player, type: MoveType)
MoveType enum (rock, paper, scissors)
GameState enum (started, won, tied)
Both Game and Player are Aggregate roots. Move must always be a part of a Game. Entities obviously have a unique identifier. In addition the framework adds a version attribute to the aggregate roots for optimistic concurrency. A couple of things to note when looking at the actual Datomic schema:
Datomic uses the convention of prefixing attribute names with the entity it belongs to, for example :game/state (see db/ident)
(see db/ident) Datomic enums are named entities (see Making enum entity values)
Datomic components to support aggregates is a fairly recent addition. In this sample I have only enabled the feature without actually using it.
Lets see how the domain code turns out:
(extend-protocol CommandHandler CreateGameCommand (perform [command state] (when (:game/state state) (throw (Exception. "Already in started"))) [{:db/id #db/id[:db.part/user -1] :move/player (:player command) :move/type (:move command)} {:db/id (:aggregate-id command) :game/moves #db/id[:db.part/user -1] :game/state :game.state/started :game/created-by (:player command)}]) DecideMoveCommand (perform [command state] (when-not (= (:game/state state) :game.state/started) (throw (Exception. "Incorrect state"))) (when (= (:db/id (:game/created-by state)) (:player command)) (throw (Exception. "Cannot play against yourself"))) (let [creator-move (:move/type (first (:game/moves state))) creator-id (:db/id (:game/created-by state))] [{:db/id #db/id[:db.part/user -1] :move/player (:player command) :move/type (:move command)} (merge {:db/id (:aggregate-id command) :game/moves #db/id[:db.part/user -1]} (case (compare-moves (:move command) creator-move) :victory {:game/state :game.state/won :game/winner (:player command) :game/loser creator-id} :loss {:game/state :game.state/won :game/winner creator-id :game/loser (:player command)} :tie {:game/state :game.state/tied}))]))) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 ( extend - protocol CommandHandler CreateGameCommand ( perform [ command state ] ( when ( : game / state state ) ( throw ( Exception . "Already in started" ) ) ) [ { : db / id #db/id[:db.part/user -1] : move / player ( : player command ) : move / type ( : move command ) } { : db / id ( : aggregate - id command ) : game / moves #db/id[:db.part/user -1] : game / state : game . state / started : game / created - by ( : player command ) } ] ) DecideMoveCommand ( perform [ command state ] ( when - not ( = ( : game / state state ) : game . state / started ) ( throw ( Exception . "Incorrect state" ) ) ) ( when ( = ( : db / id ( : game / created - by state ) ) ( : player command ) ) ( throw ( Exception . "Cannot play against yourself" ) ) ) ( let [ creator - move ( : move / type ( first ( : game / moves state ) ) ) creator - id ( : db / id ( : game / created - by state ) ) ] [ { : db / id #db/id[:db.part/user -1] : move / player ( : player command ) : move / type ( : move command ) } ( merge { : db / id ( : aggregate - id command ) : game / moves #db/id[:db.part/user -1]} ( case ( compare - moves ( : move command ) creator - move ) : victory { : game / state : game . state / won : game / winner ( : player command ) : game / loser creator - id } : loss { : game / state : game . state / won : game / winner creator - id : game / loser ( : player command ) } : tie { : game / state : game . state / tied } ) ) ] ) ) )
Very similar to the event sourcing code! It looks like more code, but actually the main difference in lines of code is that I had to explicitly name all attributes and the Event Sourced version use the normal record constructor and is therefore much shorter. For comparison, here is the CreateGameCommand handler using the map-> construct with named parameters:
(extend-protocol CommandHandler CreateGameCommand (perform [command state] (when (:state state) (throw (Exception. "Already in started"))) [(map->GameCreatedEvent {:game-id (:aggregate-id command) :creator (:player command)}) (map->MoveDecidedEvent {:game-id (:aggregate-id command) :player (:player command) :move (:move command)})]) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ( extend - protocol CommandHandler CreateGameCommand ( perform [ command state ] ( when ( : state state ) ( throw ( Exception . "Already in started" ) ) ) [ ( map -> GameCreatedEvent { : game - id ( : aggregate - id command ) : creator ( : player command ) } ) ( map -> MoveDecidedEvent { : game - id ( : aggregate - id command ) : player ( : player command ) : move ( : move command ) } ) ] )
However, the most important difference is that the Datomic representation will be used for querying and the event sourced version is completely internal to the command processor. That is, Datomic is not segregating the command model from the query model! The most distinct example of this is how moves are represented:
In Datomic moves must be retrieved from another entity: creator-move (:move/type (first (:game/moves state)))
In the event sourced model we can just store the move directly on the game state: (:move state) . This might seem “dirty” as conceptually the game does not have a move, but it is very simple and since it is only used by the command code what is the harm?
Perhaps a better way to model is to introduce an attribute “last-move” on the game, and then both implementations could use this?
Infrastructure code
Since Datomic provides storage and querying all the infrastructure code needs to do is to provide consistency. But isn't Datomic already ACID? What I actually mean is that if two commands for the same aggregate are executed at the same time then one of them should fail (and then perhaps be retried). One way to solve this is to move the execution of the command logic inside the transactor using a database functions. However, this would serialize the execution of ALL commands regardless of aggregate which definitely impacts scalability. I only need to serialize commands per aggregate.
I implemented optimistic locking using compare-and-set:
(defn handle-command [command conn] (let [aggregate-id (:aggregate-id command) state (datomic.api/entity (datomic.api/db conn) aggregate-id) modification (perform command state) old-version (:entity/version state) next-version (if (nil? old-version) 0 (inc old-version)) optimistic-concurrency [:db.fn/cas aggregate-id :entity/version old-version next-version] tx @(datomic.api/transact conn (conj modification optimistic-concurrency))] tx)) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ( defn handle - command [ command conn ] ( let [ aggregate - id ( : aggregate - id command ) state ( datomic . api / entity ( datomic . api / db conn ) aggregate - id ) modification ( perform command state ) old - version ( : entity / version state ) next - version ( if ( nil ? old - version ) 0 ( inc old - version ) ) optimistic - concurrency [ : db . fn / cas aggregate - id : entity / version old - version next - version ] tx @ ( datomic . api / transact conn ( conj modification optimistic - concurrency ) ) ] tx ) )
All that is needed is to append an invocation to the built-in cas function before calling transact and of course incrementing the version number.
I also added a method for generating entity ids which I need since the command contains the aggregate-id. I'm not at all happy with this implementation so please suggest improvements! Is there an idiomatic way in Datomic for generating ids client side?
(defn create-entity [conn] "Returns the id of the new entity." (let [optimistic-concurrency [:db.fn/cas #db/id[:db.part/user -1] :entity/version nil 0] tx @(datomic.api/transact conn [{:db/id #db/id[:db.part/user -1]} optimistic-concurrency])] (first (vals (:tempids tx))))) 1 2 3 4 5 6 ( defn create - entity [ conn ] "Returns the id of the new entity." ( let [ optimistic - concurrency [ : db . fn / cas #db/id[:db.part/user -1] :entity/version nil 0] tx @ ( datomic . api / transact conn [ { : db / id #db/id[:db.part/user -1]} optimistic - concurrency ] ) ] ( first ( vals ( : tempids tx ) ) ) ) )
Finally I need to setup the schema:
(defn initialize-schema [conn] (let [schema-tx (read-string (slurp "resources/schema.dtm"))] @(datomic.api/transact conn schema-tx))) 1 2 3 ( defn initialize - schema [ conn ] ( let [ schema - tx ( read - string ( slurp "resources/schema.dtm" ) ) ] @ ( datomic . api / transact conn schema - tx ) ) )
Test
Lets create an in-memory database and try some commands:
(def uri "datomic:mem://game") (datomic.api/create-database uri) (def conn (datomic.api/connect uri)) (initialize-schema conn) (def ply1 (create-entity conn)) (def ply2 (create-entity conn)) (def game-id (create-entity conn)) (handle-command (->CreateGameCommand game-id ply1 :move.type/rock) conn) (handle-command (->DecideMoveCommand game-id ply2 :move.type/scissors) conn) (println (datomic/touch (datomic/entity (datomic/db conn) game-id))) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ( def uri "datomic:mem://game" ) ( datomic . api / create - database uri ) ( def conn ( datomic . api / connect uri ) ) ( initialize - schema conn ) ( def ply1 ( create - entity conn ) ) ( def ply2 ( create - entity conn ) ) ( def game - id ( create - entity conn ) ) ( handle - command ( -> CreateGameCommand game - id ply1 : move . type / rock ) conn ) ( handle - command ( -> DecideMoveCommand game - id ply2 : move . type / scissors ) conn ) ( println ( datomic / touch ( datomic / entity ( datomic / db conn ) game - id ) ) )
And the result is (formatted by hand!):
{:db/id 17592186045428, :entity/version 2, :game/state :game.state/won, :game/created-by {:db/id 17592186045424}, :game/winner {:db/id 17592186045424}, :game/loser {:db/id 17592186045426}, :game/moves #{{:move/player {:db/id 17592186045426}, :move/type :move.type/scissors, :db/id 17592186045434} {:move/player {:db/id 17592186045424}, :move/type :move.type/rock, :db/id 17592186045432}}} 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 { : db / id 17592186045428 , : entity / version 2 , : game / state : game . state / won , : game / created - by { : db / id 17592186045424 } , : game / winner { : db / id 17592186045424 } , : game / loser { : db / id 17592186045426 } , : game / moves #{{:move/player {:db/id 17592186045426}, : move / type : move . type / scissors , : db / id 17592186045434 } { : move / player { : db / id 17592186045424 } , : move / type : move . type / rock , : db / id 17592186045432 } } }
Notice how the touch function pulls in all moves since they are marked as a component.
I'm definitely happy with the results!
Conclusion
Using Datomic instead of Event Sourcing is very similar from the command side and the main differences are:
Updated at 5:48 p.m.
Mark McConnell, the driver of the Jeep that Ammon Bundy was riding in before his arrest on Jan. 26, was a government informant who had tipped off law enforcement about the occupation leaders' trip out of the wildlife refuge, according to court testimony Wednesday.
Oregon State Police Trooper Jeremiah Beckert said that McConnell provided information about the occupiers' vehicles, their location and a basic threat assessment, leading to the high-risk traffic stop on U.S. 395 about 4 p.m. that same day.
Beckert was in an unmarked police pickup truck, waiting in a Sno-Park off the rural road, when he saw a white Dodge pickup belonging to occupation spokesman Robert "LaVoy" Finicum and a Jeep go by, northbound. He activated the lights on his truck and hit the siren a few times as he moved in behind the Jeep.
Beckert, testifying in the federal trial against Ammon Bundy and six co-defendants stemming from the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, described the traffic stop, and the arrest of Ammon Bundy and Brian Cavalier from the Jeep. He also spoke of the subsequent arrests of Ryan Bundy and Shawna Cox after Finicum's truck sped off to avoid a police roadblock and crashed into a snowbank down the road.
The government limited Beckert's testimony to the arrests, with little discussion of Finicum's fatal shooting. State police fired on Finicum after he emerged from his truck and they said he reached at least twice inside his jacket, where he kept a 9mm semiautomatic handgun.
Before the trooper took the witness stand, U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown repeatedly warned the defendants and their lawyers that the circumstances surrounding Finicum's death were "off limits." Brown went as far as telling Ryan Bundy that he was forbidden from raising the subject before jurors, and that she would have him removed from the courtroom if he didn't follow her order.
Yet that didn't stop some on the defense side from attempting to raise the matter.
The trooper testified that the occupants of the Jeep -- Ammon Bundy, McConnell and Brian Cavalier -- complied with orders to step out of the vehicle and walk backward to waiting officers. The only one armed in the Jeep was McConnell, who had a handgun.
After Cavalier was taken into custody, Beckert drove north to the police roadblock. He saw Finicum's truck in a snowbank.
"I saw a white male with a cowboy hat laying on his back,'' Beckert testified, estimating that the man's body was about 30 yards south of the Dodge truck.
In response to questions from Assistant U.S. Attorney Craig Gabriel, the trooper said he did not see the shooting but learned later that Finicum had been shot and killed by law enforcement.
Beckert also testified that he saw police firing plastic canisters from 40mm launchers into Finicum's truck near the road block, releasing a powdery irritant similar to pepper spray or tear gas. After some delay, he watched as Ryan Bundy, Victoria Sharp and Shawna Cox, in that order, emerged one by one from the back of Finicum's truck.
He later learned that Ryan Bundy had been taken to a hospital for treatment, possibly for shrapnel, Beckert testified.
During cross-examination, Ammon Bundy's lawyer Marcus Mumford established again that Beckert learned that Finicum had been killed by law enforcement.
Mumford followed up, "In fact, he was shot three times in the back...'' The prosecutor objected, and the judge immediately asked the jurors to disregard Mumford's question.
Mumford later brought up Ryan Bundy's wound. "That was based on another shot from law enforcement into the truck..,'' Mumford began. Again, Mumford was cut off, and the judge told the jury to disregard his remarks.
"Jurors, again, we are not litigating here what happened to Mr. Finicum or the extent of the shooting,'' Brown said.
When it was Ryan Bundy's chance to cross-examine the trooper, he was more direct.
"So the round that was shot into my shoulder, was it lethal or not lethal?'' he asked. The prosecutor objected, and the trooper didn't answer the question.
Out of earshot from the jury, Ryan Bundy had urged the court to allow jurors to learn that he was shot "by federal snipers who picked up their brass and lied repeatedly" about their shooting. He argued that the FBI's actions and alleged coverup of the shooting goes to the bias of the federal agency that was allowed to investigate the refuge occupation.
Ryan Bundy accused the government of "trying to control the narrative" by "barring discussion of FBI deception and what went on there."
Gabriel countered that the information was irrelevant since the prosecution team is not calling any of the FBI Hostage Rescue Team agents who are under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice's Inspector General's office.
"Bias goes to an individual,'' Gabriel said. "It does not go to an entire institution in this case.''
After taking some time in court to review the evidence and her prior court ruling, Brown denied Ryan Bundy's request.
"Whatever happened with Mr. Finicum -- whether it was justified or not," did not bear on defendants' mental state and their decision to do what they did, which occurred before Finicum was killed, the judge said from her bench.
"The righteousness of it or not remains irrelevant in this case," Brown said. She further noted that the actions remain under investigation.
The judge added that the "great weight of evidence" the government has presented in this case so far are from the defendants' own statements.
"It's Ammon Bundy himself in front of a microphone. It's Ryan Bundy himself in front of a microphone," Brown said.
Wednesday afternoon, Deschutes County Sheriff's Detective Ron Brown held up the loaded 9mm Ruger seminautomatic handgun that had been in the inside left pocket of Finicum's denim jacket. The detective testified that the gun had one round in the chamber. He said an Oregon State Police forensic scientist was the first person to locate the gun on Finicum. A knife also was found tucked behind the front of Finicum's belt.
Found on the floorboard behind the driver's seat in the truck was a .38-caliber special revolver containing five rounds of ammunition. Brown held up the gun for jurors. He told them the gun was in plain view inside the truck. Gabriel later showed a photo to the jury of the rounds taken from the weapon.
Gabriel removed two black Smith & Wesson .223-caliber semiautomatic rifles, equipped with scopes, from long cardboard boxes and handed them one at a time to Brown to identify. Brown said the rifles were found beneath the back seat of Finicum's truck, each loaded with 25 rounds. One of the rifles had a round in the chamber, he said.
The firearms had powder residue from the tactical pepper-type spray that police had fired into the truck, breaking out all the doors' windows, the detective said.
During cross-examination, Mumford established that there was no sign that the firearms found in Finicum's truck had been recently handled or fired.
-- Maxine Bernstein
mbernstein@oregonian.com
503-221-8212
@maxoregonian
Gov. Bruce Rauner cleaned house last week — firing a series of top aides. | AP Photo/Seth Perlman, File Rauner fires staffer with history of homophobic tweets
Illinois GOP Gov. Bruce Rauner hired a new “body man” — the government staffer who spends long days with governor — Monday but fired him the same day after it was discovered he has a history of writing racially-charged, homophobic and sexually explicit tweets.
“I'd f--- her teeth straight,” said one.
Story Continued Below
“To the Indian people in the library: SHUT THE F--- UP!,” said another by the Twitter account belonging to Ben Tracy, who was hired to serve as the staffer who travels with the governor, handle scheduling and other duties.
After another social media account started flagging the tweets Monday, Tracy's account was put into a private, protected mode.
But POLITICO obtained screen grabs of Tracy's tweets, some dating back to 2013.
He repeatedly used the word “faggot” and in one, says “I bet you liked that #fag,” responding to someone who tweeted: “saying insanity bent me over and raped me would be an understatement.”
Tracy did not respond to a request for comment.
Earlier today, POLITICO asked Rauner's office about the new hiring and shared examples of the social media content with the communications office. Reached by phone, Laurel Patrick, director of communications, said the office would look into it immediately.
Later, Patrick said Tracy was fired.
"These tweets are unacceptable," Patrick said. "The individual in question is no longer an employee of our administration."
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The personal aide position should have been one of the administration's most sensitive hirings.
But the governor's office has been upended by a series of recent staff departures. Rauner cleaned house last week, firing a series of top aides, including his chief of staff and deputies last week in the wake of a veto override.
Several former staffers told POLITICO that a slew of resignations followed the firings, due to Rauner's heavy reliance on a hardline conservative think tank, the Illinois Policy Institute. The resignations continued today, including an official who once held a critical policy role in the administration, the office's digital staff and the Washington D.C. liaison to the governor's office.
Before the staff shake-up, it was the office policy to research any potential political appointee before giving them a job, including vetting their social media, said a former member of the Rauner administration. That former employee added that the governor himself would need to sign off on his own body man because of the sensitivity of the post.
This article tagged under: Twitter
Illinois
Bruce Rauner
If forecasts are anything to go by, Asia will account for two thirds of the global middle class population in 2030. Whereas investors and businesses already did the math and are waiting in line to capitalize on rapidly expanding consumer markets, political analysts are only slowly beginning to grasp what the rise of Asia's middle class means for governments in the region, especially in non-democratic countries.
Will the middle class demand more democracy, representative government, and a greater say in the running of their countries? Or will it remain satisfied with one-party states, military regimes, or elected autocrats, as long as the economy grows and their material needs are satisfied?
What seems clear is that a substantial middle-income population does not translate into a healthier state of democracy in any straightforward manner. The size of the middle class and the state of political transformation based on the Bertelsmann Stiftung's Transformation Index (BTI) appear to be only loosely correlated in selected Asian countries. In relative terms, Indonesia's middle-income population is half the size of Thailand's, but democracy has fared much better in Indonesia than in the kingdom on the Southeast Asian mainland.
The answer to the question what political role the middle class will play depends on which middle class one looks at, at least in Southeast Asia. The term is therefore better used in the plural, i.e. middle classes, to reflect their internal diversity. This diversity goes a long way toward explaining not just the class dynamics of Southeast Asian societies but the rocky political paths that some countries in the region have recently taken. Thailand and Indonesia are cases in point.
2014 was a decisive year for both nations. Thailand experienced yet another wave of violent protests, which culminated in another military coup, while Indonesia held a peaceful presidential election, which nevertheless revealed a political rift in the country. In both states, political developments were affected not primarily by tensions between the extreme ends of society, but within the growing middle of the societal hierarchy.
It may seem odd to compare two seemingly disparate places like Thailand and Indonesia, the former being ruled by a bizarre and reactionary military junta and the latter by a democratically elected president who ran on a progressive ticket. In fact, in recent months analysts have started to hold up Indonesia as the new beacon of democracy in the region, contrasting it with Thailand's constant slide into the political abyss.
It is easy to agree with such an analysis if one compares the rational and humble nature of Indonesian president Joko “Jokowi” Widodo with the clumsy exploits of Thailand's military dictator Prayuth Chan-ocha. But this means forgetting how narrowly Indonesia escaped a return to its authoritarian past, the so-called New Order, in the presidential elections: Almost half of Indonesian voters risked a return to the New Order by supporting the controversial candidate Prabowo Subianto, who promised a firm dictatorial grip. And even though Prabowo was the losing candidate, parties backing him still dominate the parliament and began an assault on democracy in September by trying to scrap direct elections at the local level.
In search of explanations for the polarization in both countries, it is important to look beyond a simple poor-vs.-rich dichotomy. Media reports suggested that it was not primarily the poor and uneducated parts of Indonesian society who supported Prabowo – quite the opposite. In the weeks before the elections, Jokowi had to work particularly hard to woo the urban-based and supposedly rationally minded middle class to secure his victory. While voters with only a primary-school level of education were mostly backing Jokowi, those with a university degree and a monthly income of more than two million Indonesian rupiah (US$165) had been shifting their support to Prabowo.
It appears as if it their nostalgia for the good old days of effective authoritarianism, and their disenchantment with a corruption-prone democracy, almost led to Indonesia's democratic demise. Anti-democratic protests in Thailand were likewise driven by an urban-based middle class with fond memories of a time when Thai generals ruled the kingdom in tandem with the monarchy. Democratic support, in contrast, seemed to come from members of the emerging lower middle class in the provinces.
The historic trajectory of Southeast Asia is key here. In the second half of the 20th century, developmental regimes throughout the region fostered the emergence of a middle class that owed its existence to these authoritarian states. Middle-class identities were not shaped in a democratic setting or in resistance to government interference, but in the context of a symbiotic relationship with it. Only when this arrangement started to fail, particularly in the wake of the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, when the frailty of technocratic efficiency and top-down development became obvious, did the middle class help overthrow authoritarianism.
But as the region's economies expanded again and captured people at the margins, a new and aspiring middle class stirred suspicions among the established one, with its sentimental ties to the old developmental regimes. While the newcomers considered democracy a useful tool to secure for themselves a slice of the national cake, the established middle class – relatively small in numbers and therefore insecure – grew more defensive. Its members had simply not learned how to share. These middle-class reactionaries again supported authoritarians like the royalist generals in Thailand and the New Order lackey Prabowo in Indonesia, thereby reversing, or endangering, democratic progress and the material improvement of their new fellow class members.
The “Tyranny of the Old Middle” has succeeded in destroying democratic institutions in Thailand. Indonesians narrowly averted this fate for now by electing Jokowi, although his winning margin was, as already noted, far from impressive. It is the Old Middle that Jokowi and other democrats in Southeast Asia have to convince of the need for greater solidarity and democratic governance.
Serhat Ünaldi is Project Manager at the Bertelsmann Stiftung. He co-authored the latest Asia Policy Brief “Asian Middle Classes – Drivers of Political Change?”.
One man is dead after shots broke out at a T.I. concert Wednesday. Rana Novini reports. (Published Thursday, May 26, 2016)
The NYPD's top cop called rap artists "basically thugs" a day after a shooting at a hip-hop concert left one person dead and three others injured.
In an interview Thursday with WCBS radio, Police Commissioner Bill Bratton cited "the crazy world of these so-called rap artists who are basically thugs that basically celebrate violence they did all their lives."
He added, "Unfortunately, that violence often times manifests itself during their performances."
Shots rang out Wednesday night at a venue where rapper T.I. was getting ready to perform. Performers Maino and Uncle Murda were on stage at the time.
Bratton says even after rappers become famous, they "continue hanging out with the same people they hung out with when they came out of that world of desperation, poverty, and crime."
That prompted an angry response from McPhatter's relatives and a city lawmaker, who derided the comments as insensitive and divisive.
"When white people are doing this violence, I don't hear the same language being used," said City Councilman Jumaane Williams, a Brooklyn Democrat who said he had worked with the McPhatter brothers on anti-violence initiatives.
Police have charged Brooklyn rapper Ronald Collins, who goes by the stage name Troy Ave, in the shooting at Irving Plaza, near Union Square. Collins himself was injured, along with two others, and Collins' bodyguard Ronald McPhatter died of a gunshot wound to the stomach.
Authorities said the shots were fired amid a fistfight at about 10 p.m.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Daily Events Top
This article originally appeared on watchdog.org.
An election-watch group is suing Maryland over the alleged presence of noncitizens on the state's voting rolls.
The lawsuit, filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Baltimore, asserts that individuals who opted out of jury duty because they were not legal U.S. residents have cast ballots in at least three Maryland elections.
Based on the number of potential unqualified voters identified in Frederick County, up to 7 percent of Maryland's registered voters could be illegal immigrants, according to estimates.
“Their continued appearance on these lists makes it nearly impossible for Maryland law to prevent these declared noncitizens from casting votes in elections and significantly affecting the integrity and outcomes of overall electoral processes,” said Reagan George, president of the Virginia Voters Alliance, which brought the lawsuit on behalf of four Frederick County residents: John Miller, Virginia Grant, Kathy Troxell and Robert Bogley.
The plaintiffs are suing the Frederick County Board of Elections and the Maryland State Board of Elections.
Miller, the lead plaintiff in the case, told Watchdog.org, “How could this happen in America? Whoever is responsible should be prosecuted.”
Neither Frederick County nor state election officials were immediately available for comment.
Christian Adams, an election law expert, said voter rolls cannot be purged within 60 days of a federal election. He said anyone attempting to do so could “be sanctioned.”
George said because the lawsuit is based on “civil rights,” time limits do not apply.
In a separate matter, both VVA and another voter-watch group, Election Integrity Maryland, say Maryland officials have been unresponsive to evidence of dual registrations in the two states.
VVA estimates more than 14,000 voters are registered in both Maryland and Virginia.
Meanwhile, a task force in Montgomery County, one of Maryland's “sanctuary counties” for illegals, has recommended that certain noncitizens be permitted to vote.
Voter fraud in heavily Democratic Maryland is a misdemeanor.
DES MOINES, Iowa – In an effort to expand participation in the Democratic precinct caucuses, the Iowa Democratic Party revealed plans this week to hold the state's first ever “tele-caucus.”
On Monday, Feb. 1, certain Iowans who are not in the state to participate in the Democratic caucuses in person will have the option to call in to a designated telephone caucus or “tele-caucus” to voice their support for their candidate of choice.
This would be the first time that Iowans would not have to be physically present in their respective precinct sites to caucus.
“We are incredibly happy to be hosting our first tele-caucus this year, which is a major part of our expansion efforts,” Iowa Democratic Party Chair Dr. Andy McGuire told members of the press on a conference call Tuesday.
RELATED: Ted Cruz takes the lead in Iowa
The tele-caucus option will be offered primarily to Iowan members of the military who are stationed outside of the state, and Iowan students who are studying abroad during caucus night.
These guidelines, which are based on Iowans covered under the “Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA), would also include military family members, and those in the Peace Corps or Diplomatic Corps.
Iowa Democratic Party Vice Chair Danny Homan is a veteran and will chair the tele-caucus on Feb. 1.
“It's a big honor for me to be the first-ever chair of the Iowa Democratic Party's tele-caucus, and it's also very personal to me,” said Homan, recalling that he missed the first Iowa caucuses in 1972 because he was serving out of state in the military.
Though there will be some differences, “the tele-caucus will run nearly identically as the precinct caucuses,” noted McGuire.
Those who fit the above qualifications will need to register to vote as a Democrat on the party's website in early January ahead of the caucuses. Participants will all call in to the same “caucus” (a large conference call-turned-precinct of sorts) using any type of phone or Skype and select their candidate of choice via dial pad. Candidates can be eliminated based on viability or percentage of support among the tele-caucus goers just as in a normal caucus, and supporters can realign over a number of rounds.
Two state delegates will be awarded after the tele-caucus. There will be 1,406 state delegates awarded that night from all of the caucuses.
This initiative comes on the heels of the party's announced “satellite caucus” plan, which will also be new in 2016, though it is separate from the tele-caucus.
A satellite caucus is an alternative caucus site that still gathers at 7 p.m. on Feb. 1 and is designed for “groups of Democrats” that due to time, mobility or working conditions, cannot physically get to their precinct locations. Iowans must apply to establish a satellite caucus site.
Not everyone is a fan of these new additions to the caucus process.
Iowa State political science professor Steffen Schmidt believes that this proposal will take away from the original nature of the caucuses, and does not believe the Iowa Democratic Party will get very many participants.
“You have to go, you can't call in your vote, you can't send it by mail. The Democrats are taking a risk in contaminating the idea of the caucuses by doing this,” said Schmidt.
“I don't think that the tele-caucus is going to get a lot of people who are going to participate,” he continued.
The Iowa Democratic Party does not yet have an estimate of how many people will actually take advantage of the tele-caucus, however the firm running the actual phone system, Stones' Phones, told reporters that they are prepared to handle “tens of thousands” of participant calls if need be.
The party also said that it will “run a check on” potential tele-caucus attendees to verify that all callers are registered Democrats and eligible to vote.
Though the processes are significantly different, a spokesperson for the Republican Party of Iowa told NBC News they will release their own plan for out-of-state military personnel to vote in the GOP caucuses in the near future.
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
Hi. We recently created AFH TV, Ambrosia For Heads' streaming video service, because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home, but we need your help to make it great. Please subscribe to AFH TV. It is only $1.99/month or $12/year, and already features some amazing content, but the best is yet to come. Thank you for all of your support.
For nearly 20 years, David Banner has spoken deeply and frequently about issues of race in and out of the recording booth. The MC/producer double-threat hails from Jackson, Mississippi, a place with some ugliness in its past, especially with regards to the prejudice, violence, and institutional racism against Blacks and other people of color.
David Banner & 9th Wonder Planning Death Of A Pop Star 2
After years of preparation, D.B. is preparing to release The God Box this Friday (May 19). Seven years removed from his acclaimed 9th Wonder collaborative LP Death Of A Pop Star, the Crooked Lettaz alum sets up his latest album with sharp imagery. “Magnolia,” featuring CeeLo Green and Raheem DeVaughn, uses Mississippi's state symbol (and tree) to tell the story of Black men, as Banner sees it.
While Hip-Hop has embraced metaphors (guns, women, drugs, sex), this one—in the tradition of Billie Holiday, is different. Banner, who now is a professional speaker, uses history and nature to confront what is often glossed over, but must never be forgotten.
dead prez Lead The Most Meaningful BET Cypher Ever. It's Bigger Than Hip-Hop (Video)
“Then [the tree] started to tell me how she was used in the lynching of Blacks/ Branch cracked / Broke her arm just so his neck wouldn't snap / And if I had not rapped / I'd probably meet the same damn fate / From the same damn rope / I'm about the same damn weight.”
D.B.'s delivery builds to show his hurt and anger at history, and what those trees literally stand for. The onetime SRC Records star builds his fervor as he raps, aiming to chop down the hate and fear. CeeLo first sings, then later delivers a fiery verse of his own, with nimble wordplay through storytelling. “Will he seasons ever change?” he cries, following a chilly reference to strange fruit.
David Banner & Big K.R.I.T.'s Single Has Explosive Contents (Lyric Video)
In a press statement the producer for Lil Wayne and T.I. explains, “The song represents the relationship of trees in Mississippi and Africans throughout history. The taller the tree, the broader the story, the shorter the tree, the more personal the perspective is. My verse is about the relationship of the magnolia tree and African's during slavery.”
The Roots' Black Thought and Big K.R.I.T. are among the guests on The God Box.
Premiered at HotNewHipHop.
#BonusBeat: For those interested in more from Banner, his interview with The Breakfast Club less than one month ago is both wildly entertaining and educational:
David discusses The God Box during this interview.
The grill placement is most important. You need indirect heat to cook ribs without drying them out or overcooking them. The goal is to hit temperatures up to 375 degrees Fahrenheit /190 degrees Celsius.
If you have a grill with the burners running front to back, you will need to use one of the burners on either end. Let's say you are using the left side burner. This means you place your smoke bombs directly over this burner (and under the cooking grate). The ribs will be placed to the right of the hot burner. If the rack of ribs is short enough to be placed running parallel to the burners, set it near the hot burner but not over it. Otherwise, you might have to place it in a more diagonal position on the grill which will require rotating the rack of ribs occasionally to even the cooking.
Place the rack, bone-side down on the grill, close the lid, and adjust the grill until it holds a temperature of 300 degrees Fahrenheit/150 degrees Celsius. Now, let the ribs cook for 30 minutes. Don't open the lid. This will hold in as much smoke as possible. Don't expect a lot of smoke to billow out of the grill as there won't be a tremendous amount of smoke production.
The Chappell-Hadlee series has waxed and waned in popularity over the years.
KEVIN NORQUAY - YES
New Zealand versus Australia meaningless?
An international one-day cricket series against our world-best arch rivals counts for nothing?
We shouldn't care about the Chappell-Hadlee series?
Cricket tragics say all that matters in one-day games is the World Cup (which New Zealand have never won), and the ICC Champions Trophy (which we have).
So an extension of that argument leads to an international calendar packed with one-dayers that don't matter, a view which can't be allowed to go through to the keeper.
The tragics say Australia have proved the Chappell-Hadlee series doesn't matter by resting damaging batsmen David Warner and Usman Khawaja.
​Warner scored 299 runs against the Kiwis in December, with the best of 156 as Australia romped to wins by 68 runs, 116 runs and 117 runs.
So do we watch the Black Caps come home bats between tails, see off Bangladesh, and now try to argue the Chappell-Hadlee series really doesn't matter.
Dave Warner has been rested for next week's series. GETTY IMAGES
Would we do that, had we'd won in Australia? We get smashed and it doesn't matter - we'll just pick up our fan bats and walk away, giving the stumps a quick slog as we leave saying "who cares, not playing anymore, boo hoo".
Of course the Chappell-Hadlee series matters. World No 1 (Australia) versus No 4 (Black Caps), with New Zealand a chance to climb to No 3. If you don't care about that, then there's a lot you don't care about.
Newcomer Tom Blundell cares. He wants a chance to prove himself, facing the world's best side, facing Mitchell Starc in full flight.
Personal reputations will be on the line, whatever the result. Facing Starc could see a Black Cap build a career, or send it cartwheeling out of the ground.
Oddly, New Zealand has more world ODI top 10 players in action than Australia - Kane Williamson and Martin Guptill among the batsmen, Trent Boult and Matt Henry versus Starc among the bowlers.
Since it started in 2004, names like Vettori, Bond, Ponting, Hussey, Johnson, Guptill and Warner have featured on the player of the series list. I'd call that quality worth caring about.
So instead of invoking the Kiwi Mi-Sex hit But You Don't Care, let's go AC/DC and put the Aussies on the Highway to Hell.
And while we're about it let's call it what Brendon McCullum reckons we already do - the Hadlee-Chappell series.
That would be hard case, eh?
ANDREW VOERMAN - NO
They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, and that was certainly the case with the Chappell-Hadlee series.
After bursting onto the scene in December 2004, promising regular trans-Tasman competition, it disappeared for six years between 2010 and 2016, barring a couple of matches at World Cups which were bizarrely given the moniker.
Was it missed, during the six-year drought?
You bet it was.
In a sport where there are only eight consistently competitive nations, it is mind boggling that two of them could go so long without meeting for a proper series.
You don't fix a drought by creating a flood, however, and that's what's happened here.
The three-match series last March in New Zealand was fine, coming a year after the World Cup, and in conjunction with a test tour, but to go and do it all again just nine months later was too much too soon.
Yes, the results in that series (three Black Caps losses, none of them close) probably do cloud my judgment, but it's not like they were hard to see coming.
For the Aussies, that series came hot on the heels of a test series against South Africa, while for the Kiwis, it followed swiftly from a series against Pakistan.
It was over and done in the space of six days, and at the end what had we learnt?
Mitch Marsh's dismissal last year is one of the few memorable Chappell-Hadlee moments. PHOTOSPORT
The only thing gained, for either side, was that while Lockie Ferguson has potential, he definitely needs improvement, something that could have easily been figured out against Bangladesh or South Africa, our incoming tourists this summer.
Now they're back at it again, squeezing in another three games in seven days - only slightly more exciting than last time for the fact that once again the Black Caps are out for revenge.
Everyone in the cricket world agrees that schedules are packed, so why are we whacking even more games in?
Play too many matches, and they all blur into nothing.
How many of the 29 Chappell-Hadlee matches do you remember? No more than a handful, I'm guessing.
One-day cricket is like that. Here today, gone tomorrow, and leaving little impact.
Where test cricket still reigns supreme, and Twenty20 has become the ideal short-form - done in less than four hours and not prone to drag in the middle overs, because there are no middle overs - one-day cricket has stagnated.
It remains relevant only because it is the format of choice for the World Cup, with matches growing in meaning the closer we get to the tournament itself - and at present, it's still a long way away.
In small doses, one-day series still work, when countries come to visit every four years or so, but when they happen every year they don't - as the Chappell-Hadlee is proving right now.
Russian Whistleblower Dimitri Khalezov Says U.S. And Russia Are Framing Former Russian Military Officer Viktor Bout
"The numbers out of the Pentagon are baffling, as if Military Censorship has already been imposed on the media. It is ominous. The only news on TV comes from weeping victims and ignorant speculators.
The lid is on. Loose Lips Sink Ships. Don't say anything that might give aid to The Enemy." - Hunter S. Thompson
"It's still disorderly, with mysteries forever abounding, but at least get a glimpse of what played out, those very things they don't want us to ever know, as our history becomes one massive National Security Secret." - "This is a strange new kind of war where you learn just as much as you are able to believe." - Ernest Hemingway"The numbers out of the Pentagon are baffling, as if Military Censorship has already been imposed on the media. It is ominous. The only news on TV comes from weeping victims and ignorant speculators.The lid is on. Loose Lips Sink Ships. Don't say anything that might give aid to The Enemy." - Hunter S. Thompson"It's still disorderly, with mysteries forever abounding, but at least get a glimpse of what played out, those very things they don't want us to ever know, as our history becomes one massive National Security Secret." - George Bailey
The Americans, understandably, demand from the Russians to find a fall guy or a patsy (or a group of fall guys) who is/are responsible for the missile that was found in the middle of the Pentagon. Considering that the missile was actually nuclear-tipped (with a half-megaton thermo-nuclear warhead that is more than 25 times the size of the Hiroshima bomb) you can imagine that the Americans are quite insistent with their demands to the Russians to find, at last, the culprit and to surrender him to the US Justice. It is indeed serious. But when it comes to the Russians, they can not admit the truth -- that the "Granit" missile with its thermo-nuclear warhead was stolen from the sunken "Kursk" submarine, because Putin back in 2000 solemnly declared to the world that there were no nuclear weapons on board of the sunken submarine.
The draw of a new life in the German capital has inspired dozens of Swedes to change their name - more than organisers expected.
The plan was to find just one person who loved the idea of moving to Berlin enough to change their name to the odd, gender-mixed German Klaus-Heidi- but 38 Swedes have so far legally changed their name to enter the running.
The contest was set to last from October 11th until November 28th, but the airline has closed it almost a month early due to the flood of Klaus-Heidis getting in touch to claim their new lives.
Magnus Engvall, senior marketing specialist at Lufthansa, told Swedish newspaper Dagens Media "we never even imagined that so many people would actually change their names." "The campaign has spread even beyond the nation's borders," he added.
The winner, who will now be picked by a jury based on their justification for the move rather than just their willingness to have a weird name, will get an apartment in Berlin, paid for a year, as well as free language classes, a bike and airfare within Germany.
One of the first entrants, 46-year-old John Eje Thelin, spoke to The Local about his decision to become Klaus-Heidi John Eje Thelin.
"I've been wanting to move to Berlin for quite a while," he said. "My wife and I have been planning it. The last time I left Berlin, I felt like I was leaving a lover. A lot of the people who have been blogging about it have said things like ‘Oh, I'll give it a shot, and if it doesn't work I'll go to India. But for me it's just Berlin."
His wife, Debbie, said she would be with him every step of the way, and - whether or not he wins - the couple still plans on relocating to Berlin.
"He is Charlie from Willy Wonka," Debbie told The Local. "Everyone else is in this for a lark, because they think it'd be fun. But he wants this. This is truly his golden ticket. It's not just getting out of Sweden, this is, 'I really do want to change my life. I want my new life in Berlin.' And I'm all over it," she explained.
Thelin found out about the contest from a friend on the morning of the day it opened, and had already put his name-change paperwork in the post that afternoon- one of nine Swedes who made their legal name-change on the first possible day.
He suspects it will be one of these elite entrants whom Lufthansa names the Klaus-Heidi.
And if Thelin doesn't win?
"My name is Klaus-Heidi, and whatever happens, Berlin is still my town," he said.
Solveig Rundquist
www.thelocal.se
READ MORE: Airline offers new life - if you change your name
She resorted to anti-Indianism to please voters
December 31, 2007
Related Articles  New footage proves that Bhutto was shot
P rime Minister Manmohan Singh [ Images ] described Benzair Bhutto as 'one of the outstanding leaders of our sub-continent, who always looked for reconciliation between India and Pakistan'.
Most magazines are doing cover stories on her.
Bhutto is on the verge of becoming a 'martyr of democracy'. It is a sad that a mother of three children was so brutally killed and we all mourn her terrible death.
Full coverage: Benazir Bhutto killed
Nevertheless, truth must be told. For, as usual, what the press says is not exactly what happened.
Firstly, under Bhutto, anti-Indian terrorism in the Kashmir region was fostered and increased. Benazir was also directly responsible for the ethnic cleansing of Hindus in Kashmir.
"She was instrumental in sponsoring jihad, openly inciting militants to intensify terrorism in India," says Ajai Sahni, the executive director of the New Delhi-based Institute for Conflict Management. "I find it very difficult to discover a single element with her relationship to India that is positive and for the betterment of her country or the region," he adds.
Remember how she was shouting her slogans of azaadi, and exhorting the people of Kashmir to cut Jagmohan, then governor of the state, into pieces, as in "jag-jag, mo-mo, han-han". She would say this while making chopping motions with her right hand as it moved from her left wrist to the elbow, leaving nobody in any doubt as to what she meant.
Secondly, under Bhutto, the Taliban formed and, helped by Pakistan's intelligence service, swept across Afghanistan and later hosted Osama bin Laden. It is a bit of an irony that she may have been killed by the very people she helped foster if at all she was murdered.
We South Asians like our leaders dead
Thirdly, she deliberately increased tension levels and then threatened India with a pre-emptive nuclear strike. The tension peaked when Bhutto repeated her late father's immortal boast of waging a 1,000-year war against India. Even Rajiv Gandhi was forced to mock her in Parliament, asking if those who talked of a 1,000-year war could last even a 1,000 hours.
And fourthly, in her last speech before she died, she alluded to India as one of the threats Pakistan had to face, implying that if she was elected she would deal firmly with it.
Then why is it that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calls her a friend of India and that Indians mount candlelight vigils in the Gateway of India for her?
I interviewed Benazir Bhutto [ Images ] twice, the second time as she was campaigning to be re-elected for a second term. The first question I asked, was about Kashmir, as she was the one who had called for Azad Kashmir, a Kashmir free from India, which had triggered the ethnic cleansing of most of the Hindus of the Valley of Kashmir -- 400,000 of them had to flee their ancestral land.
"You know," she answered, "You have to understand the Pakistani point of view on Kashmir. If one goes by the logic of Partition, then at least the Kashmir valley, which is in great majority Muslim -- and it should be emphasised that for long the Hindus Pandits in Kashmir exploited and dominated the Muslims, who are getting back at them today -- should have reverted to Pakistan. But let us say that officially we want to help grant Kashmiris their right to self-determination."
"That's the only reason?" I continued.
"No," answered Benazir. "It should be clear also that Pakistan never forgot the humiliating loss of Bangladesh at the hands of India, although India claims it only helped Bangladesh to gain its freedom in the face of what the Bangladeshis say was Pakistani genocide. Zia's emergence was a result of that humiliation."
"But Zia hanged your father�" I interrupted.
"Yes and I hate him and god the almighty already punished him for that," said Benazir, alluding to Zia's death in a plane crash. "But Zia did one thing right, he started the whole policy of proxy war by supporting the separatist movements in Punjab and Kashmir, as a way of getting back at India."
"What about Pakistan' nuclear bomb?" I asked.
"That's my father's work," she said proudly. "He realised, after having lost the 1965 and 1971 wars with India, that both numerically and strategically, we can never beat India in a conventional conflict. Thus he initiated the programme by saying that 'We will get the nuclear bomb, even if we have to eat grass'."
"But is it not a dangerous weapon if it falls in the hands of the fundamentalists of your country?" I asked.
Anti-Bhutto army factions behind the murder?
"No such danger," Benazir answered. "Anyway, it is not only a deterrent against India's military conventional superiority and an answer to India's own nuclear capability, but also the ultimate weapon to re-assert Islam's moral superiority."
"We in Europe are going to unite in a Common Market, why don't Pakistan and India forget their differences and form some kind of confederation with other South Asian countries, instead of killing each other?" I asked.
"Pakistan and India were never one country," answered the imperious lady. "They were only kept together by force, whether by Mauryan, Moghul or British rule. Hindus have recognised the reality of Islam, and we needed our own country to feel free."
I was flabbergasted: here was a lady educated in Oxford and Harvard, who mouthed such irrational statements. She spoke good English, was pretty, articulate and pleased the press.
But when in power, she had to resort to anti-Indianism to please her voters. Her husband was known as Mr 10 Per Cent. She was hounded out of power twice for incompetence and corruption.
Is she then a martyr of democracy?
History will tell.
“when will you be indicted” “why are you such a liar” “why did you do benghazi” If there's a Vince Foster question I'm gonna throw someth — Jamison Foser (@jamisonfoser) March 10, 2016
On June 17th, 2015, I wrote the following:
It is not an accident or coincidence that the woman with the best chance to cross the White House finish line faces a constant stream of invective, a near-manic desire to take her down. That is the gender barrier in action. It is the use of words as weapons, with the objective of preventing a woman from attaining the top rung of the political power ladder.
227 years. That's how long the shutout of women has lasted at the pinnacle of American politics. Along comes Hillary Clinton, one of the most admired and accomplished women in the world, to run for president, and what happens? She is smeared, lied about, assailed, impugned, her character is savaged, her honesty maligned, her very humanity questioned.
She is vilified as a witch, a bitch, shrill, loud, robotic, cold, monstrous, evil, a murderer.
Hordes of online trolls swarm her supporters and surrogates, spewing filthy, misogynistic insults.
She is attacked by Republicans, by the media, by the commentariat, and by her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, who does this (according to Mother Jones):
“Hey, I'm not saying she's a crook. I'm just saying she drives a pretty nice car, amirite?” I'd say that Sanders is very much questioning the integrity of Clinton herself, and doing it in a pretty familiar way.
And all these attacks have one thing in common: ZERO EVIDENCE.
It's ALL innuendo and insinuation. Guilt by association. She's guilty until proven innocent.
There are few things worse you can do to another human than to take their life's work, their achievements, their goals and dreams, their mistakes and judgments, their failures and successes and TRASH all of it with unsubstantiated, unfounded insinuations.
To disagree vehemently on issues is one thing, but to accuse someone of lacking dignity, honesty and integrity, and to do so without any proof, is to stoop very low.
I'm not arguing that everyone who disagrees with Hillary is sexist. Far from it. People are free to disagree with her or dislike her. But the relentless fury, the manic, single-minded mission to destroy Hillary, would never happen to a male candidate.
If others are afraid to call out gender bias in 2016, I'm not.
I've got a daughter to raise and I couldn't live with myself if I stood by in silence as Hillary Clinton faced a vicious and vitriolic onslaught without an iota of hard evidence to support the attacks against her.
It is unjust and unfair. But it is par for the course in a world where women are still oppressed.
I have had my fair share of relationships growing up, but they all have seemed to have the same problem. They would last a long time, but in the end, it wouldn't work out due to two problems; lack of trust and communication, or so I thought. I went from relationship to relationship trying to fix the little things that I thought were the problem; such as talking more on the phone, communicating more about feelings or simple doing the little things. I was at a cross road in my life because I didn't understand what I was doing wrong as the man of the relationship and why everything I did wasn't enough. It had seemed to me that I was never going to find the right girl for my life, so why waste my time, money and emotions on them. As an result of this, I found myself trapped in the darkness of lust and pornography, with a wall on every side blocking me from the light. I would fantasize about every attractive woman I saw without even blinking an eye. I would think to myself “how can I get with her” and if I wasn't able to, I would resort to a 2D image on the screen. I was in a vicious cycle and it was starting to ruin my life. Soon after this started, I entered into a relationship, not wanting to believe that I was still fighting my addictions. As time passed she began to make a huge impact on my life and my addictions, at least I thought. As a single male, it was easy to look at any woman I wanted, but with a girlfriend my lustful eyes started to deceive me. I found myself in a battle of looking at other women and this is when I finally realized; instead of changing who I was, she just made it harder for me to be who I use to be. This not only ruined our trust, but created a wall between us and soon lead to a break up. It took all this time, but finally my eyes were opened to what I needed; I NEEDED Jesus! I could fix everything that was wrong with my relationships, but without Jesus as a priority, they would still continue to all fail. Obviously there were more issues at hand, but what I did learn through all this is that a relationship without our Lord and Savior is useless and leads many down a dark and narrow path. I can make an excuse and say that I was young and naive, but the truth is, I was more interested in making out or hooking up with a woman then actually sharing our faith and speaking about the word of God.
Let me ask a question; Why is it that once you know what you need for your next relationship, God makes a change and takes you in a different direction? I was ready for a relationship with a Godly woman, but instead, I have been single for the last year and a half. I was angry and disappointed with God for not placing her in my life at that very moment, but little did I know, I was being tested in a completely different way. I was no where near being a man of God, so how was I supposed to be the man in the relationship from a spiritual standpoint? The Lord wanted a relationship with me and wanted to show me how to become a man of God before giving me another opportunity with any woman. This being said, I now thank God for this because I believe I would have ruined another relationship. The time I have spent single has helped me become more obedient to Christ, learn who I am as a man and most importantly train myself to look at woman as God's creation.
If I were asked, “do you regret anything about your past relationships?” I would answer with a confident “no.” I say this because if I didn't have to go through some struggles then I would not be who I am today as a human being and most importantly, a man of God. I have not only learned over the years how a woman should be treated, but now I understand how to be a man in a relationship that has Jesus Christ as its focus.
Note for the ladies:
You deserve a man who is going to lead you in the right direction. You deserve a man who will put everything down and listen to you when you need him. You deserve a man who will call you beautiful, open the door for you, kiss your forehead and surprise you with the little things every once in awhile. And most importantly, you deserve a man who is not afraid to share his faith with you and how much he loves the Lord. Yes ladies, a man who will lead you down the path the Lord has created for you and show you that your relationship will be strengthened because of His glory and love. There is no doubt that you deserve this and much more ladies, but that doesn't mean you can take it for granted. Not only be a Godly woman, but show him a love he has never experienced or seen because of the tremendous amount of love he holds for you and for the Lord Jesus Christ.
Note for the men:
You deserve a woman who will appreciate you. You deserve a woman who will express how much she loves you. You deserve a woman who will look to you for protection. You deserve a woman who will kiss your cheek and whisper I love you. You deserve a woman who comes to you for help. You deserve a woman who will encourage you. And most importantly, you deserve a woman who will challenge you in your faith and relationship with the Lord. Yes guys, if she challenges you as a Man of God then she is pushing you to learn more and urging you to challenge her as well. Don't back down, but instead take the challenge and let her walk beside you as you grow together in God.
Be kind with your words, thoughtful with your intentions and fearless in your faith.
Toronto residents Stephen and Melissa Heidebrecht have done the math and they're moving on – to Kitchener. After two years of scouring Realtor.ca, squeezing through open-house crowds and watching homes they'd love to live in go for $100,000 or more over the asking price, they've thrown in the towel on Toronto.
After realizing they would have to spend at least $200,000 more to move up In Toronto, Steve Heidebrecht and his wife Melissa put their east end house up for sale and are moving to a bigger, more affordable house in Kitchener. ( Keith Beaty / Toronto Star )
Last month the Heidebrechts put their 1,500-square-foot, two-bedroom bungalow in east-end Little India up for sale for $599,900. A four-person bidding war later, it sold for $706,000. They move into their $482,500 home in Kitchener's Forest Hill area in July. It's a four-bedroom, more than 3,000-square-foot detached house on a quiet cul de sac they liken to Scarborough's Guildwood. Their Toronto home would pretty much fit into the double-car garage.
Article Continued Below
While Heidebrecht, an engineer and self-employed contractor, will have to restart his business in a brand-new city, the couple, both 35, figure the price is worth it: Overnight their mortgage will plummet from $200,000 to just $20,000. Melissa, an occupational therapist, will have the option of staying home with their two boys, Jacob, 6 and Wally, 2. “Do you know how many times I have cried, thinking that I'm being forced out of my home by the fact that the market here is insane?” says Melissa, who is keen on the much-debated move, but concerned about leaving good friends, the kids' babysitter and even nearby parks where the boys go swimming in summer. “We couldn't even afford to buy our own house at this point. It's almost like someone has stolen something from you – like the market has stolen your ability to live here.” In reality, it has. Last month the average sale price of a resale detached house in the City of Toronto hit $1.15 million, up 18.2 per cent just from May of 2014.
And a recent report by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation warned that construction of new, single-detached homes will continue to decline – and prices climb – because of land costs, lack of serviced subdivisions and land use policies, which is code for intensification and the shift to high-rise rather than low-rise housing construction. That means it's going to become ever harder to buy a detached home in the GTA, unless you can afford to pay $2 million for brand-new in-fill houses in Toronto, or are willing to move to the easterly 905 regions, Hamilton, Barrie and Kitchener-Waterloo, CMHC noted.
Article Continued Below
“If we could have moved up to a bigger house for $50,000, we might have considered staying in the city,” says Stephen. “But then we realized we were looking at more like $200,000, which would have doubled our monthly payments. I don't want to be married to my mortgage until the day I die.” Toronto real estate refugees have long been leaving the city for surrounding areas like Barrie and, more recently, Hamilton and Kitchener-Waterloo. But even more far-flung areas like Bowmanville and Courtice in the easterly Clarington area now are seeing bidding wars as the demand for affordable houses – detached, semis or townhomes – outstrips supply in large parts of Oshawa, Whitby, Pickering and Ajax and pushes house hunters farther east. Also driving demand to the east – as well as westerly cities like Hamilton and Kitchener – are promises of more frequent GO Train service. Added to that, in the easterly extremes of the GTA, is the coming Highway 407 extension which promises to ease the daily, if costly, commute to jobs in the city. “We're seeing more bidding wars and houses going for over asking price,” says Bowmanville-area realtor Kim Downey who recently listed her own Whitby home for $399,000. She had seven offers and the house went for $40,000 over asking price. “For the last few months, almost every listing out here has been holding back offers,” says Downey, a tactic which is seen as driving up competition in the city by listing a house one day and not accepting offers for a week. “It's become the norm. Supply is tight and demand is huge. Prices here are still good compared to the west end of the (GTA), but I think they are going to catch up.” GTA and beyond The average price of a detached home as of May 2015: Kitchener-Waterloo: $390,704 (up 1.1 per cent from May 2014) Hamilton*: $400,893 (11.3 per cent) Burlington: $709,719 (19 per cent) Barrie: $381,520 (up 6.5 per cent) Oshawa: $398,582 (21 per cent) Orangeville: $428,918 (2.9 per cent) Clarington**: $427,331(14.8 per cent) Note: Some extreme price growth, such as Oshawa's, is being exaggerated in the monthly statistics by construction and sale of higher-end homes. If those are factored out, Oshawa's growth is closer to 8 per cent. *Hamilton includes Dundas, Ancaster, Stoney Creek etc. ** Clarington includes Bowmanville, Courtice, Newcastle and Orono
Read more about:
FROM a twinkle in Australian football's eye to champions of Asia in less than three years. The incredible story of the Western Sydney Wanderers has its finest chapter to date.
The Wanderers somehow held out against the relentless onslaught of Saudi giant Al Hilal before a frenzied home crowd, adding a 0-0 draw to their 1-0 home victory to become the first Australian team to win the Asian Champions League.
The game had a bitter aftermath when the celebrating Wanderers were confronted by their stricken opponents and fights broke out before the players could be separated.
WHAT'S NEXT? BRING ON REAL MADRID!
ALL HAIL KING COVIC
EXCLUSIVE: DRINKS ON TOMI AT EMBASSY PARTY
LASERS, SPITTING, HEADBUTTS: AL HILAL LOSE THE PLOT
15 DEFINING MOMENTS IN EPIC 941 DAY RIDE
PARTY TIME: EPIC SCENES IN PARRAMATTA
The iconic shot. Source: Getty Images
But that did not dampen a night of heroic resistance tinged with moments of good fortune. At least two legitimate calls for a penalty by Al Hilal were waved away by Japanese referee Yuichi Nishimura to the disgusted howls of 65,000 fans, while the Saudis missed several gilt-edged chances.
Goalkeeper Ante Covic stood tall time after time despite the fact so many lasers were trained on his eyes from the crowd he finished the game having undergone corrective surgery.
Covic's finest moment came with just five minutes to play, a brilliant reflex save that denied Al Hilal captain Yasser Alqahtani what seemed a certain goal. Just one of countless opportunities the Saudis failed to convert.
The small Wanderers' contingent in the crowd. Source: AP
But if the Wanderers triumph in the most hostile surroundings owed more to the inspiration you might take from Dunkirk than Stamford Bridge, the relentless pressure they absorbed only elevated their achievement.
A tiny club with only what history and spirit that can be created in two domestic seasons, and running by the smell of an oily rag, had taken on some of the wealthiest clubs in Asia and remained the last one standing.
Footballers of the Australian Western Sydney Wanderers celebrate. Source: AFP
It is a performance that ranks with the greatest achievements in Australian football, and which was celebrated with a mixture of elation and sheer disbelieving relief by the exhausted Wanderers players.
The Ante Covic save. Source: FOX SPORTS
Rightly the Wanderers had been indignant when Al Hilal claimed their 1-0 first leg victory owed something to luck. But, this time, they had moments of extreme good fortune.
In the first half Nawaf Shaker F Albid was brought down in the box by Antony Golec, but cries for a penalty were refused. In the second Covic felled Salman Alfaraj but the referee again had deaf ears to the crowd's impassioned pleas.
Jubilation at full-time. Source: AFP
For all that, it was a result achieved in defiance not only of a talented and desperate opponent, but in enervating humidity and amid the cacophonous noise of a hostile crowd.
Striker Brendon Santalab, who started the match despite the shoulder dislocation suffered in the first half of the first leg, was symbolic of the Wanderers spirit working tirelessly to keep the ball in his half.
Australia's Western Sydney Wanderers celebrate. Source: AFP
The Wanderers had walked out into a packed, chaotic seething, stadium filled with 65,000 fans, while traffic outside was blocked by thousands of others who had been turned away.
The visitors, on the other hand, were backed by just 200 supporters - the travelling band of 14 Australian-based fans supplemented by 50 embassy staff and a group of ex-pats.
The hero is congratulated. Source: FOX SPORTS
The locals supporters had been energised by the words of Al Hilal's colourful Romanian coach Laurentiu Reghecampf who had promised before the game that his team would deliver the title and keep Western Sydney as a ‘'small team''.
Yet, after all the pre-game bravado, both teams started nervously, the Wanderers eager to play the game in Al HIilal's half, the home team trying to make things happen by attacking continually down the left rather without finding any rhythm.
Australia's Western Sydney Wanderers celebrate with their coach Tony Popovic. Source: AFP
That changed, however, after 18 minutes when Digao almost latched on to well weighted pass from a free kick and narrowly missed the goal. Suddenly Al Hilal's ‘'Blue Wave'' became a relentless tidal wave of attack with shots blocked, players sent sprawling in the box.
All amid an atmosphere that began to make Wanderland seem about as raucous as card night at Aunty June's.
There had been speculation the Wanderers would ‘'park the bus'' and try to grind out a draw. But, under constant bombardment, a fleet of tanks seemed more useful.
Yet, for all their enterprise and energy, and for the poor fortune they suffered with the officials, Al Hilal could not find a way.
So the Wanderers are champions of Asia before they have even conquered their own back yard. An accomplishment of which all Australian football could be proud.
Something only a very big club can achieve.
Re-live how an epic morning unfolded in our blog below.
This tax break is the original sin of the United States health care system. Worth more than $250 billion annually, it has enormously distorted the market, creating an incentive for employers to provide ever-more-generous insurance while insulating individuals from the true cost of care. It discourages job switching and entrepreneurship, and offers an unfair advantage to the comfortably employed.
Medicare, meanwhile, offers a huge system of federal benefits to older Americans that typically run far beyond what most have paid in. Its introduction was associated with explosive growth in hospital-costs inflation during the 1970s.
Rather than overhauling this fragmented system, both Obamacare and the Senate bill leave its distortions largely in place. Obamacare nibbled at its edges by paring back Medicare to finance new coverage and by applying a tax to high-cost health insurance plans provided by employers. But President Barack Obama delayed that tax until 2020; the Senate legislation would delay it until 2026, suggesting it may never take effect at all.
The result is an unequal system in which health insurance is understood more as a way of prepaying for medical care than as a protection from financial risk.
That's where the third principle comes in: Health coverage is not the same as health care. Instead, it is a financial product, a backstop against financial ruin. Health care policy should treat it as one. There is some question about how much programs like Medicaid contribute to measurable physical health outcomes, but there is no arguing that it effectively insulates beneficiaries from financial shocks.
Health care policy that treated insurance as a hedge against financial shock could relieve one of the most salient worries of the middle class — that chance might curse them with unaffordably high medical expenses.
For noncatastrophic, nonemergency medical expenses, Republicans ought to promote affordability rather than subsidies. All layers of the nation's health care system are subsidized either directly or implicitly, and the subsidies shield individuals from the costs of their decisions and create incentives for providers to deliver more care rather than better care. Republicans should look for ways to limit cost increases directly.
Those who know me know I'm rapidly becoming a fan of TED presentations, not only as the embodiment of “ideas worth sharing,” but as a format for presentation that would benefit every entrepreneur. Be sure to check out my prior article on fellow contributor Carmine Gallo and his book Talk like TED here.
On that note, I'd like to share a set of five top TED talks for entrepreneurs. It's not easy being an entrepreneur, but fortunately, these presentations provide experience from the people who've done it before you. Following their advice doesn't guarantee success, but it increases your chances. Here's a look at five of the very best TED Talks for entrepreneurs.
Dan Ariely: Are we in Control of our own Decisions?
In this talk, behavioral economist Dan Ariely says no matter how hard we try, we'll make bad decisions. Do you want to know why you upsize your meal at the burger joint, or why you always buy a bigger TV than you thought you needed? It turns out we're not really in control of our decision making as much as we think. Our thought processes are predictable and easy to manipulate. Once you see how your decisions are nearly inevitable, you can figure out how to make better choices. For entrepreneurs, this information is especially helpful. Seeing bad decisions before they happen can make a major impact on your success.
Alan Siegel: Let's Simplify Legal Jargon!
To put it mildly, formalities and jargon have made the legal system inaccessible, and fearsome. It's important that individuals, and entrepreneurs, fully understand the legal system and be comfortable accessing it. The only way to ensure this happens, though, is to break down the first barrier of entry: the jargon. Many legal terms scare people, (and they especially scare entrepreneurs), yet in reality shouldn't be intimidating. Alan Siegel's TED talk is a start. Apparently lawyers like it too: Said Adam Zayed, founding partner of Zayed Law Offices in Illinois, "Alan Siegel's, 'Let's simplify legal Jargon!' is right on the money. I would consider it a must, for any entrepreneur.”
Richard St. John: 8 Secrets of Success
How did successful people get to be that way? Luck? Intelligence? Good old-fashioned hard work? Turns out, it's none of those things. In this talk, Richard St. John shares information gleaned from conversations with 500 extraordinarily successful people. He asked what helped them succeed, and distilled from their responses eight traits that all of them had. Want to see success in your life? Follow their path.
Seth Godin: How to Get Your Ideas to Spread
Being "good" at what you do is likely the worst path to success, at least according to Seth. In this talk, he tells us that "good" doesn't get you anywhere. It's the bold, the bizarre and the downright crazy ideas that flourish into something remarkable. People in today's world are busy, and an idea has to stand out to gain traction. It's not so much your idea that is vital as it is your ability to get your idea to spread. In this talk you'll learn how to do just that.
As an example: the idea to replace the air filters in your office to save money is a good one, but in and of itself, it's as compelling as a trip to the dentist (with apologies to all of the great dentists I know). You need to get the idea to spread. So an air filter company in Sweden (Camfil) built a tool to calculate the comparative savings of all the filtering strategies available to them, ranging from disposable filters to full-on purchase of filtration machines. They spread the word through social media, and the message was suddenly compelling: companies could save as much as hundreds of millions of dollars a year in some cases by simply changing their filters. It was still a simple idea, but now the impact was huge.
Simon Sinek: How Great Leaders Inspire Action
Everyone knows the classic idiom, "do what I say, not what I do." In actuality, though, it's what you do that people respond to. Great leaders lead by action and inspire cooperation, trust and change among those that surround them. Based on Sinek's famous "golden circle of motivation" theory, the question "Why?" has inspired leaders ranging from the Wright brothers to Martin Luther King Jr. An entrepreneur becomes successful when they can get people to follow them. Once you've inspired those around you, that is when you'll start to see real success. (It's the secret behind many of today's most successful social responsibility ventures.)
Do you like these presentations as much as I do? And as entrepreneurs, which TED talks have been most influential to you? I welcome your additions to this list in the comment section below.
The Trump administration on Friday announced a new effort to crack down on leaks, promising to prosecute the sources of disclosures of classified information and to review the legal protections of journalists.
Speaking at the Department of Justice a day after transcripts of President Donald Trump's classified conversations with foreign leaders appeared in The Washington Post, Attorney General Jeff Sessions condemned the disclosures as damaging to national security. He called them the latest in an escalating series of disclosures which has led to a tripling of the number of active Department of Justice leak investigations.
“This culture of leaking must stop,” Sessions said.
The announcement comes after months of embarrassing disclosures about the Trump administration, which spurred President Trump to call on the FBI and the Justice Department to get tougher on leaks. In recent weeks Trump specifically urged Sessions—a target of the President's ire for recusing himself on matters related to Russian meddling in the 2016 election—to boost leak prosecutions.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Many of those investigations deal with the unauthorized disclosure of classified information, whether to the news media or foreign powers. Sessions announced that the department is “reviewing policy affecting media subpoenas.” The existing departmental policy was formulated by President Barack Obama's former attorney general, Eric Holder, after consultation with media executives in Washington. That policy requires sign-off from the attorney general before initiating a subpoena or prosecuting journalists, whose work is protected by the First Amendment.
“We will not allow rogue anonymous sources with security clearances to sell out our country any longer,” Sessions said.
Deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein said the department was in the early stages of reviewing the 2015 regulations, and would consult with news executives before finalizing any changes. “Leaks to the media are not whistleblowing,” Rosenstein said.
Rosenstein also announced the formation of a designated unit of FBI investigators to probe leaks of classified information to the news media.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, whose subordinate agencies make leak referrals to the Justice Department, said that recent breaches include “some of the worst compromises of classified information in our nation's history.”
“We are prepared to take all necessary steps to one identify individuals who illegally expose and disclose classified information,” said Coats, who argued they have put American operatives, troops, and sensitive programs at risk.
Coats added that the leaks don't always originate in the intelligence community, but that some in the Executive Branch and Congress are also responsible—and that all those entrusted with access to classified material must be more vigilant.
Coats said those with worries about government actions have ample opportunities—both with inspectors general and Capitol Hill—to register their concerns.
“Understand this: if you improperly disclose classified information, we will find you, we will investigate you, we will prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law, and you will not be happy with the end result,” Coats said.
Rosenstein would not comment on whether the leak crackdown is being undertaken in response to President Trump's concerns, but said that many across government share the President's views.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
As a musician, Tim Kerr has been on the ground floor of punk-funk (Big Boys, Bad Mutha Goose), grunge (Poison 13) and neo-soul (Now Time Delegation), so it's fitting that he paint an homage to Austin music pioneers at the corner of E. 9th and Red River Streets. Commissioned by Public City, we worked together (me: research, Tim: paint) on bringing these obscure artists to life on the side of a building: Here are their stories:
Singer-pianist Ernie Mae Miller, born in 1927, grew up in East Austin royalty. Her grandfather, L.C. Anderson, is the namesake of Anderson High School, which was Austin black high school until closed by desegregation in 1971. (Anderson High reopened in 1973 on Mesa Drive as an integrated school.)
But none of Ernie Mae's fans at such downtown joints as Dinty Moore's and the Driskill Hotel knew her backstory- or cared. They came out for the songs, for Miller's voice, for her piano playing.
She played saxophone in the Anderson High Yellow Jackets marching band, under the tutelage of legendary band director B.L. Joyce, who also mentored jazz trumpet great Kenny Dorham and Charlie Parker's future bassist Gene Ramey. After graduating from Anderson in 1944, Ernie Mae attended Prairie View A&M, where she joined that school's 16-piece, all-girl swing band, who toured the country in the summers, including a stint at the Apollo Theater in Harlem.
Miller's home base from 1951- 1967 was the downstairs Creole Room of the New Orleans Club at 1122 Red River St. She played “The Saints Go Marching In” every night, but also sang standards made famous by Billie Holiday, who she was often compared to. On UT football game days, the N.O. Club would be packed and Ernie Mae would get everyone on their feet with “The Eyes of Texas.” She had the talent and the repertoire to play both fancy lounges and lowdown blues joints.
“Among Austin's legendary pianists such as Robert Shaw, Erbie Bowser and Roosevelt “Grey Ghost” Williams, Ernie Mae Miller takes her place with everlasting honors,” wrote Margaret Moser in the Austin Chronicle on the occasion of Ernie Mae's 80th birthday.
The great singer-pianist, who recorded a “Live At the New Orleans Club” LP in the 1960s, passed away three years after that 2010 cover story.
The Gant Family Singers have been called “Austin's First Family of Song,” having recorded over 40 folk tunes for ballad hunter John A. Lomax and his son Alan for the Library of Congress in 1934 and ‘35. The Gants, led by mother Maggie, with her daughters on vocals and sons on guitars, were discovered by John Henry Faulk, who told UT classmate Alan Lomax about them. The Gants had a repertoire of about 200 genuine folk songs, ranging from jailhouse ballads to play ditties to cowboy songs and minstrel tunes. The most prominent of those, in retrospect, was “When First Unto This Country a Stranger I Came,” which Joan Baez and Bob Dylan sang live and Jerry Garcia and David Grisman recorded in 1993. They all learned it from the 1960s folkies the New Lost City Ramblers, who heard it from the Gants' Library of Congress recordings.
The Lomaxes had just started recording the Gants when they left town with their prized discovery Leadbelly in 1936.
Even though their contribution was incomplete, the Gants left a body of work that puts them as “among the most important informants on traditional music that no one's ever heard of,” says Minnesota musician/folklorist Lyle Lofgren.
In her 2008 memoir “Sing It Pretty,” John Lomax's daughter Bess Lomax Hawes, who was 12 when she met the Gants, recalled that the family's house on the Colorado River about half a mile west of Deep Eddy Pool, was constantly flooded. “But that old river never could stop the flow of their extraordinary repertory of Anglo-American balladry and folksong.”
The family proudly accepted an invitation to sing at the Texas Centennial in Dallas in 1936. Tragedy hit that same year, however, when oldest son Nephi was shot to death after a fight at Ollie's Place at the corner of E. Fourth and Waller Streets. The family moved to Houston in the late ‘30s for jobs in the Ship Channel and never played in public again, aside from Mormon church functions.
Here's how I found out about them.
Gilbert Askey left Austin for good at age 17 in 1942, but the former Motown arranger, who received an Oscar nomination for his work with Diana Ross on “Lady Sings the Blues,” told the American-Statesman in 2011, “Austin has never left me.”
Askey helped discover the Jackson 5 and was musical director on tours by the Four Tops, the Temptations, Gladys Knight and the Supremes. He co-wrote hits for Curtis Mayfield and Linda Clifford, and yet while in town from Australia, where he lived the last 30 years of his life, Askey wanted to talk more about musicians he played with on the Anderson High Yellow Jackets marching band, including Kenny Dorham, Roy and Alvin Patterson, Ray Murphy, Paris Jones, Warner “Rip” Ross and Buford Banks (trumpeter Martin's dad).
What set Askey apart from all the other horn players of East Austin was a gift for arrangement and composition that he didn't know he had until after getting out of the Army Air Corps in 1944 and enrolling first at the Boston Conservatory of Music and then the prestigious Harnett National Music Studios in Manhattan.
Askey got his first call from Motown in 1965 to produce and arrange the “Prime of My Life” album for Billy Eckstine. When the Supremes' hits slowed down in 1967, Motown mastermind Berry Gordy decided to make a record that crossed over to an older Broadway crowd. He tapped Askey for “The Supremes Do Rodgers & Hart” and also appointed him the group's musical director on live shows, including the 1970 “Farewell” performance in Las Vegas that was Ross' last show before going solo. Askey was also an arranger on the legendary “Motown 25” show where M.J. debuted his moonwalk.He passed away in April 2014 at age 89.
Leon Payne was born in the Northeast Texas town of Alba in 1917, but learned to play music in Austin at the Texas School For the Blind, which he attended from ages 5- 18. One of his teachers was Henry Lebermann (the grandfather of future Austin Councilman Lowell Lebermann), whose pupils also included the famous whistler Fred Lowery and Pat Garrett's daughter Elizabeth, who went on to write the state song of New Mexico.
After graduating, Payne was known as the Blind Hitchiker, and one of the buses that picked him up had “Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys” painted on the side. Payne played with the group in 1938, but soon set out with his own band the Lone Star Buddies. As a solo artist, Payne had a No. 1 country hit in 1949 with “I Love You Because,” written for his wife Myrtie, a former classmate at the School for the Blind he reconnected with and married in 1948. Payne is best known today as a songwriter, penning big hits for Hank Williams (“They'll Never Take Her Love From Me,” “Lost Highway”), Dean Martin (“You've Still Got a Place In My Heart”), Jim Reeves (“Blue Side of Lonesome”), Carl Smith (“You Are the One,” later covered by Smith's daughter Carlene Carter) and many more. “I Love You Because” was the first song Elvis Presley recorded for Sun Records.
Payne died in San Antonio in 1969 and was inducted into the Nashille Songwriters Hall of Fame the next year. But received his greatest honor in 1971, however, with the LP “George Jones Sings the Great Songs of Leon Payne.”
Blind George McClain was described as a cross between George Jones and Ray Charles. It was his R&B side that had a big influence on the Austin club scene. Jimmie Vaughan has said pianist McClain, who stomped out a beat in his stocking feet on a wooden board, was the musician who convinced him that the One Knite, at 801 Red River St., could be a blues club. Before Jimmie, brother Stevie Ray, Joe Tex's guitarist W.C. Clark, Angela Stehli, Denny Freeman and others took over and made the One Knite the first blues club west of I-35, it was primarily a folk/country haven, with acts such as Kenneth Threadgill, Joe Ely, Alvin Crow and Bill Neely. Blind George was the link.
McClain, who worked by day at the state blind school where he graduated, was a fixture at such clubs as the Split Rail on South Lamar and Sit N' Bull on Guadalupe St.. But his most notorious gig was at the Armadillo World Headquarters in 1973, when he opened for Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention. A notorious crank, Zappa would've rather not had an opening act, but he made a compromise, stating that his opener be a solo act with no set-up requirements. McClain took his seat at the Armadillo piano that night and impressed Zappa so much that he took the blind piano player out on tour with him.
Camilo Cantu, the accordion great nicknamed “El Azote de Austin,” the Scourge From Austin, because he'd go to towns and blow everybody away, was never recorded. He gave up performing in 1963 to concentrate on the accordion repair business he ran out of his house in South Austin, and gave his songs to protégé Johnny Degollado. “He was up there with all the greats — Narciso Martinez, Valerio Longoria, Don Santiago Jimenez,” Degollado said in 1998, after Cantu died, at age 90.
It was a 1942 performance by Cantu at the old La Polkita joint in Del Valle that inspired a 7-year-old Degollado to learn the accordion. “I just stood there, watching Mr. Cantu's fingers move and that big sound from the accordion,” J.D. said. “I was hooked.” Cantu later taught Degollado the “sordita” tuning that gave the accordion a fuller sound.
In Austin, Cantu played mainly at Janie's Place on E. 7th Street, owned by his first wife. He wrote an instrumental in homage to the bar called “La Calle Siete,” one of his few compositions that he gave a title to because drunks would request it by singing (badly) the melody.
When El Azote was inducted to the Conjunto Hall of Fame in 1987, he sent an emissary to pick up the award. “Mr. Cantu didn't care about recognition,” said Degollado, who has recorded many of Cantu's songs so they'd never be forgotten.
Long before Eric Johnson there was Oscar Moore, who blueprinted the role of jazz guitar in small combos when he backed Nat King Cole from 1937-1947. He and brother Johnny Moore, whose Three Blazers had a huge hit with “Driftin' Blues” in 1946, learned guitar in Austin, where they lived on E. Fifth St. and Red River. The Moore family moved to Phoenix when Oscar was a teenager. Influenced by fellow-Texan Charlie Christian, Oscar Moore switched from blues to jazz in L.A., playing with Lionel Hampton and Art Tatum before Cole. He won Downbeat's poll as best guitarist three years in a row.
He left the King Cole Trio after Nat's new wife Maria convinced the singer to pay the other two members as sidemen, instead of splitting the money evenly, as they'd been doing. That ended up being a bad move for a proud and bitter Oscar, who didn't have much success on his own. He worked as a bricklayer in his later years and died in Las Vegas in 1981 at age 65.
But when you listen to the original version of “The Christmas Song” by Nat King Cole, you're hearing Oscar Moore (born Dec. 25, 1915) on guitar, so his sound lives on.
Pentecostal piano pounder Arizona Dranes (b. 1889) was probably the most influential musician Austin's ever produced. Before she recorded for OKeh Records in Chicago in 1926, no one had ever played keyboards on a gospel record. Dranes is credited with inventing “the gospel beat,” which was revved up years later than rock n' roll.
A native of Sherman, TX, Dranes attended the Institute for Blind Colored Youth off Bull Creek Road in Austin from age 7 until she was 21. Playing music was one of the main ways the blind could make a living, so Dranes began her training in first grade. By fourth grade she was playing classical music and singing arias. But her records were more barrelhouse than Beethoven. She was among the very first to put religious lyrics to secular sounds, which Thomas A. Dorsey, “the Father of Gospel Music” picked up on when he switched from blues to spirituals.
The first musical star of the Church of God In Christ, Dranes spent most of her career helping to open new COGIC ministries in Atlanta, Birmingham, Cleveland and Oklahoma. At Roberts Temple in Chicago, Dranes' fiery performances, often playing piano with her elbows and leaping mid-song when the spirit overtook her, inspired a young churchgoer named Rosetta Nubin, who would later find fame as Sister Rosetta Tharpe.
Dranes' obscurity today suggests the adage that what happens in church stays in church. Her last recording was in 1930, with a duet on “Fifty Miles of Elbow Room,” with fellow former Texan Rev. F.W. McGee. Dranes died in 1963 in Los Angeles, at age 74, with nary an obit to mark her passing- or her influence. But in 2012, a retrospective CD “He Is My Story: The Sanctified Soul of Arizona Dranes” was nominated for a Grammy as best historical recording.
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
So, the news is out: I'm writing a Star Wars book as part of the Journey to Star Wars: The Last Jedi project. Working with the team at Lucasfilm Publishing has been such a pleasure — they're the best.
I can't tell you much about the book yet, except that it's called The Legends of Luke Skywalker, it's going to go on sale on 10/31/2017, it's got illustrations by J. G. Jones, and it's going to be awesome.
(Cover image below not final)
Permit me to indulge in a bit of geeky self-reflection. Star Wars, especially Star Wars books, holds a special place in my heart. When I was a kid in China (maybe third-grade?), the novelization of The Empire Strikes Back by Donald F. Glut (in Chinese translation) was the very first SF book I ever read.
It was during a free-reading period, when the teacher brought out a box of books for us to each pick one. I had a choice between a biography of Confucius and Empire, and I picked the latter because the cover looked amazing.
My teacher grumbled, disappointed that I was apparently more attracted to laser swords and pew pew pew than the wisdom of the Great Sage.
Mind you, I had never seen any of the Star Wars films at that point, nor had I read any full-length SF novels (I had read Chinese translations of an abridged version of PKD's Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep and Lester del Rey's “Helen O'Loy”). Empire literally blew my mind. I had never seen a world like this: where magic and technology were both vital; where ancient archetypes, some of which I recognized from Chinese myths and legends, pulsed with a futuristic sheen; where hope was not easy, but was always the right choice.
The Star Wars universe was where I wanted to live. It was home.
Louis Menand wrote: “Texts are always packed, by the reader's prior knowledge and expectations, before they are unpacked.” I love that quote. And it guides me when I write.
I think a writer's job is to build a strong, welcoming house. Readers then move in and fill the rooms with their individual experience and understanding of the world. And only then, after they've settled in and begun to explore, do they discover its little nooks and crannies, its hidden passages and secret staircases, and following these, they find breathtaking vistas of other planets, rogues who prize friendship more than treasure, mystical sages full of wisdom, princesses leading grand armies, and farm boys dreaming of walking among the stars …
The Star Wars universe is grand and beautiful, and it is ever expanding. To be able to build a house in this universe after my fashion, to welcome fellow fans and readers into this house, and to see them get comfortable and discover its secrets … I don't have the words for my joy.
I'm home; I'm where I belong.
I can't wait until you come in.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Browns quarterback Josh McCown doesn't know Hue Jackson, but he knows many quarterbacks who have played for him, and he can't wait to get started.
"As a quarterback, you've got to get excited about playing for a guy like that,'' McCown told cleveland.com.
McCown, who's under contract for two more seasons, witnessed his friend Andy Dalton have the best statistical season of his career under Jackson this year before breaking his hand with three games left in the season. Dalton finished second in the NFL with a career-high 106.2 rating -- far better than the 80-somethings he posted in his first four years in the NFL.
He also threw 25 touchdowns against only seven interceptions - almost half his previous low interception total of 13.
"I don't think anybody would argue that Andy was played at a high, high level before he got hurt and I'm excited about that,'' said McCown. "Andy has always spoken very highly of the offense under Hue and he's been very positive about him.''
What's more, McCown watched backup quarterback A.J. McCarron, a fifth-round pick last year, step in and play well the final three games of the season, earning a rating of 100-plus in two of his three starts and throwing four touchdowns and no interceptions. Overall, he finished the regular season with a 97.1 rating.
"Hue did a nice job with A.J. the last three games of the season and there wasn't a huge dropoff in play,'' said McCown. "They played some good football and usually when that happens, you have to give credit to the coach and the people around him.''
McCown also saw Jackson, a former college quarterback, get the best out of his former Bears teammate Jason Campbell when Jackson coached Oakland in 2011. Campbell, who played for the Browns in 2013, had a 4-2 record and was playing the best ball of his career when he broke his collarbone against the Browns and was lost for the season.
Jackson was fired after going 8-8 that season, and it also spelled the end of Campbell in Oakland.
Jackson also has a huge fan in his former Bengals and Raiders quarterback Carson Palmer, and coached Baltimore's Joe Flacco to playoff berths in each of his first two seasons.
"I've been around long enough that I know a lot of quarterbacks in the league,'' said McCown. "They all say great things about Hue.''
McCown stressed that the film doesn't lie.
"When I watch the tape from this year and the last few years, I have respect for what the Bengals were doing because there's a plan, there's an intent to where they're attacking defenses,'' McCown said. "It's well thought out and put together. To me, that's the biggest compliment of anything, because you are what you put on tape and that's what excites me the most about this.''
What McCown saw from the Bengals this year was an offense that finished seventh in points per game and seventh in yards per play. He saw an offense that kept defenses off balance with an array of creative formations and one that took plenty of shots downfield. It was supported by a strong running game and featured a balanced attack.
Complete coverage on Hue Jackson
"You can get a bunch of opinions from different people, but when you put on the tape, that's when you really know what you're getting as a coach and a playcaller,'' said McCown. "For me, that's the best evaluation I can get of a coach, and I have great respect for the kind of offense he runs.''
McCown, a 14-year veteran, is also thrilled that Jackson has a year's experience under his belt. He's been around long enough to watch plenty of new head coaches make rookie mistakes.
"It's a good deal for us as players because it won't be his first time through everything,'' said McCown. "We're getting somebody that's been a head coach before and that experience is invaluable.''
McCown, who's recovering from his broken collarbone, said Jackson's hiring has been well received by the players, especially the veterans who have been through a lot of changes. Joe Thomas, for one, warned he might want to leave if he didn't like the new coach. But McCown is optimistic that Jackson will win over a team rocked by Mike Pettine's firing.
"I've received a lot of texts from guys and they've all been positive,'' said McCown. "The guys are excited about the direction we're headed and the respect that Hue's garnered through what he's been able to accomplish in the league. Like the rest of the guys, I'm thrilled with what's happening. It's great.''
Pedro Caixinha's name will be submitted to the club's PLC board for approval.
Target: Board approval is needed before job offer is made. SNS
Rangers hope to offer Pedro Caixinha the manager's job at Ibrox early next week, subject to the club's PLC board giving approval.
Rangers director Graham Park, managing director Stewart Robertson and administrator Andrew Dickson held interviews with candidates, including Caixinha, in London as they searched for the right man to take the job.
The Portuguese manager impressed and became the number one target to succeed Mark Warburton.
Caixinha is currently manager of Al Gharafa in Qatar but his team have a three week break following their match against Al Sailiya.
STV understands that Caixinha will travel to Portugal after the match and can move quickly if Rangers' offer is forthcoming.
The Ibrox club are also close to appointing a director of football and could have someone in place in the key role this week.
In his programme notes ahead of the 3-2 win against St Johnstone on Wednesday, managing director Stewart Robertson said that every effort had been made to ensure that the correct choice was made for the new manager.
"Our search has been narrowed down to a few outstanding candidates, who we believe possess the necessary skills and attributes," he said.
"We have been deliberately forensic in our search, studying every detail of each manager's character, his work and his style and we have sought many references for those who have stood out from the rest.
"Above all though, our next manager will be someone who understands that defeat can never be acceptable. Rangers are synonymous with winning and we will select a manager who is also a winner.
"Frankly, results must improve and so it is vital that we appoint soon. Doing so will also allow our new manager a few months to assess the current squad while formalising his summer recruitment plans. Again, the funds are there to support the new manager."
Fernando Alonso joined McLaren for the 2015 season
McLaren driver Fernando Alonso will miss the Monaco Grand Prix in May so he can race in the Indianapolis 500.
The double world champion has the full approval and support of McLaren and engine partner Honda, who are having a difficult season in Formula 1.
Alonso, 35, will race for the Honda-powered Andretti team on 28 May, and the car will be branded a McLaren.
McLaren are yet to decide who will replace him in Monaco that weekend, but Jenson Button is a possibility.
The 2009 world champion has retired from F1 but is contracted to McLaren as an ambassador. It is not known whether the Briton would want to come back to drive an uncompetitive car.
Why does Alonso want to race at Indy?
Alonso said he had long held an ambition to win the so-called 'triple crown' of Monaco, the Indy 500 and Le Mans.
Only one man has won all three in his career - the late Graham Hill in the 1960s.
Alonso, who won the Monaco Grand Prix in 2006 and 2007, said: "It's a tough challenge, but I'm up for it.
"I don't know when I'm going to race at Le Mans, but one day I intend to. I'm only 35. I've got plenty of time for that."
The Spaniard added he would definitely race for McLaren for the rest of the season, dismissing speculation he could quit part way through the year because of the Honda F1 engine's poor performance.
"It's of course a regret that I won't be able to race at Monaco this year," he said. "But Monaco will be the only 2017 grand prix I'll be missing, and I'll be back in the cockpit for the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal in early June.
"I've never raced an IndyCar car before, and neither have I ever driven on a super-speedway, but I'm confident I'll get to grips with it fast.
"I've watched a lot of IndyCar action on TV and online, and it's clear that great precision is required to race in close proximity with other cars on the far side of 220mph [354km/h]."
Alonso acknowledged he would be on "a steep learning curve".
But he added: "I'll be flying to Indianapolis from Barcelona immediately after the Spanish Grand Prix, practising our McLaren-Honda-Andretti car at Indy from 15 May onwards, hopefully clocking up a large number of miles every day, and I know how good the Andretti Autosport guys are.
"I'll be proud to race with them, and I intend to mine their knowledge and expertise for as much information as I possibly can."
McLaren have supported Alonso's wishes because they recognise the efforts he has been putting in - and the frustration he is feeling - after three uncompetitive seasons since joining the team in 2015.
Alonso won his second world title while driving for Renault in 2006
How will Alonso do?
McLaren executive director Zak Brown said: "Could Fernando win this year's Indy 500? Well, I wouldn't be so silly as to make any such rash prediction, but I expect him to be in the mix.
"Put it this way: the team he'll be racing for won the race last year, using the same Honda engine, and he's the best racing driver in the world. That's quite a compelling combination.
"He'll have his work cut out to acclimatise to running at super-speedway velocities, but ultimately it's quality that counts in all forms of motorsport, and Fernando is very definitely quality. He's ballsy and brave too."
Alonso joined McLaren-Honda with the intention of winning a third world title, but the package has been uncompetitive, with the vast majority of the blame lying with the Honda engine. His best results have been three fifth places.
He has won 32 grands prix - sixth in the all-time list - but has not stood on top of the podium since the 2013 Spanish Grand Prix in a Ferrari.
Alonso's contract runs out at the end of this season. McLaren want him to re-sign and there is a hope this will help persuade him to do so.
38 years on - McLaren back in Indy
The unexpected development marks McLaren's return to the Indy 500 for the first time in 38 years. They won the race with their own car in 1974 and 1976.
IndyCars is now a 'spec' formula, where all teams use the same car, though the different engine manufacturers are allowed to design their own aerodynamic bodykits.
The Indy 500 is the most prestigious race in the USA and the blue riband event of the IndyCar Series.
The unique practice schedule gives Alonso more than the usual amount of time to prepare for a race.
There is a full week of practice, six hours a day for five days, before the qualifying weekend on 20-21 May, and two more days of practice before the race on 28 May.
The Andretti team, run by former IndyCar and grand prix driver Michael Andretti, is one of the leading teams in the championship and won the event last year with American Alexander Rossi, who raced five times in F1 for the Manor team in 2015.
Andretti raced for McLaren in F1 in 1993 as Ayrton Senna's team-mate, completing 13 races with one podium finish before being replaced by Finn Mika Hakkinen and returning to race in the US.
Andretti said: "Fernando's lack of experience on super-speedways is not of concern to me.
"I do believe that the Indianapolis 500 is one of the best places for a rookie to start because there is the opportunity for so much practice time on the track - and, as we have demonstrated, it can be won by a rookie.
"Fernando is a great talent and I have full confidence that he will represent very strongly for McLaren, Honda and Andretti Autosport."
Alexander Rossi (centre) kisses the bricks at Indianapolis after winning last year's race
'Unlike anything he has yet experienced' - analysis
This is a bold and exciting move by Alonso but one with plenty of risks.
The Spaniard remains in the very highest echelon of Formula 1 drivers and has more than enough talent to succeed in any car, but the type of racing he will encounter at Indianapolis is unlike anything he has yet experienced.
If he was racing on a road course - what Americans call F1-type tracks - he would be expected to be absolutely competitive straight away.
But Indianapolis is a so-called 'super-speedway' - an ultra-fast oval track where average lap speeds can exceed 230mph.
Not only does Alonso have to get used to the intricacies of racing on a banked oval, including all the technical challenges involved, he will also have to learn the art of the 'draft' - using the slipstream of another car to gain speed - which is critical to oval racing.
And because of the high speeds involved and the proximity of the cars, IndyCar racing has a reputation for being notably more dangerous than F1, and any accident can have serious consequences.
But what he is doing is not without precedent.
Hill, Jim Clark and Emerson Fittipaldi all won the F1 world title and the Indy 500, while Nigel Mansell switched to IndyCars in 1993 after failing to agree terms with Williams following his title success in 1992.
Alonso will be able to count on advice not only from team owner Andretti, but also team-mate Takuma Sato, who raced in F1 in the mid-2000s.
And former Indy 500 winner Juan Pablo Montoya, who is also in this year's field, also raced against Alonso in F1 from 2001-2005.
'Racer' Alonso up for the challenge
Title: Deflecting a Hazardous Near-Earth Object Author(s): D.K. Yeomans, S. Bhaskaran, S.B. Broschart, S.R. Chesley, et al. Reference: 1st IAA Planetary Defense Conference: Protecting Earth from Asteroids Source File: Download (PDF) Related: See this page
Abstract:
This short report on Near-Earth Object (NEO) hazard mitigation strategies was developed in response to a request for information by the U.S. National Research Council's Space Sciences Board on December 17, 2008 and for the Planetary Defense Conference that took place 27-30 April 2009 in Granada Spain. Although we present example simulations for specific techniques that could be employed to deflect an Earth threatening NEO, our primary goal is to discuss some of the general principles and techniques that would be germane to all NEO deflection scenarios. This report summarizes work that was carried out in early 2009 and extends an earlier, more detailed study carried out in late 2008.
The Saudi Ministry of Defense announced on Tuesday the end of Operation Decisive Storm, a military campaign led by the kingdom in Yemen to combat the Houthi advance in the embattled country, Al Arabiya reported.
The operation will continue to target Houthi militias as it enters a political phase, Saudi state television reported.
“The coalition will continue to prevent the movement of Houthi militias from moving or undertaking any operations inside Yemen,” Gen. Ahmed Asiri told reporters in Riyadh.
The Riyadh-based central command also announced the beginning of a new campaign, named ““Operation Renewal of Hope”, after the earlier campaign launched on March 26 fulfilled its objectives, a statement said.
The Saudi defense ministry said in a statement that the air strikes had managed “to successfully remove threats to Saudi Arabia's security and that of neighboring countries.”
Meanwhile, Iran's foreign ministry welcomed the announcement, reported Reuters citing an Iranian news agency.
“Before this, we said the crisis in Yemen had no military solution, and ... a halt to killing innocent and defenseless people is absolutely a step forward,” ministry spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham was quoted as saying by the semi-official ISNA news agency.
The new push will usher in diplomatic and political efforts along with military operations, Asiri said.
The campaign ended following a request from the ‘legitimate' Yemeni government led by President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi, Asiri explained.
“Operation Renewal of Hope,” which starts on Wednesday, aims to protect civilians and to continue to fight terrorism in Yemen, a statement from the Ministry of Defense said with Asiri adding that it does not signal a ceasefire.
Speaking to Al Arabiya News Channel, Asiri said that “Operation Decisive Storm” destroyed the militia's ability to use ballistic missiles.
“We are not talking about a ceasefire. Operation Renewal of Hope has a military component,” said Asiri, emphasizing that evacuation and humanitarian relief missions are ongoing.
“Operation Renewal of Hope” will include aerial and naval supervision, explained Asiri, adding that Houthi militia will be targeted if they tried to harm civilians.
“This is a military component; in addition to the political component.”
Earlier on Tuesday Saudi Arabia's King Salman Abdulaziz ordered the kingdom's National Guard take part in the military campaign in Yemen, Al Arabiya News Channel reported.
In a statement, the Egyptian foreign ministry called on all parties in conflict in Yemen to reach a comprehensive solution and implement the U.N. Security Council resolution and the GCC initiative on Yemen, Al Arabiya reported.
The statement also emphasized that Egypt will continue to coordinate with coalition allies to restore stability in Yemen and protect Arab national security.
Last Update: Thursday, 23 April 2015 KSA 23:03 - GMT 20:03
The Defense Department is taking steps to receive transgender recruits into the ranks as soon as January 1, the Pentagon said Wednesday.
“The Deputy Secretary of Defense and Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, supported by a panel of experts will propose consideration recommendations supported by appropriate evidence and information for the accession of transgender persons into the military,” US Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a written statement.
Late Wednesday, the US Department of Justice asked a federal judge to put on hold her order requiring the military to begin allowing transgender recruits on January 1, while the DOJ appeals her decision to a higher court.
So far, two federal judges have blocked enforcement of key provisions of President Donald Trump's prohibition on transgender individuals serving in the military, which was announced in August.
Judge Marvin Garbis in Maryland wrote in a 53-page ruling last month that currently serving transgender service members were “already suffering harmful consequences” and prohibited the administration “from blocking those challenging the ban from completing their medically necessary surgeries.”
The other federal judge had blocked portions of Trump's directive in October.
Wednesday's filing included a sworn statement from Lernes J. Herbert, the acting deputy assistant secretary of defense, military personnel policy, in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.
He said that ordering that the policy go into effect on January 1 “will impose extraordinary burdens on the Department.”
He argued in part that if the department were compelled to execute transgender accessions, “applicants may not receive the appropriate medical and administrative accession screening necessary for someone with a complex medical condition. As a result, an applicant may be accessed for military service who is not physically or psychologically equipped to engage in combat/operational service.
In his statement Wednesday, Eastburn said the panel, which would operate per the recent court rulings, will issue findings based on “multiple considerations including military effectiveness and lethality, budgetary constraints, and applicable law.”
Shortly after Trump's directive in August, Defense Secretary James Mattis said he would work with a panel of experts to recommend how the military should put the administration's transgender guidance into effect.
Once that panel concludes, Mattis will provide his advice to Trump on how to implement his policy direction. That new policy is expected to be announced by March.
The province has ordered a forensic audit over concerns about spending on programs, salary hikes and expenses at the Toronto District School Board after the education director wrote seeking help. Education Minister Liz Sandals said Wednesday she intervened after “a variety of concerns” were identified by the board's audit committee and the director.
Chris Spence, former director of education for the Toronto public school board, resigned earlier this year following accusations of plagiarism. ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
“Some had to do with reports being made available to the audit committee; some had to do with adherence to the broader public sector compensation rules,” said Sandals. “Some to do with procurement rules; some to do with were expenses being appropriately approved — were reports that were being submitted to the ministry (done with) appropriate oversight. So there was a range of what I would call financial management issues.” As first reported by the Star, the board's director, Donna Quan, wrote to the ministry on June 13, asking for audits to look at “financial use and management of funds in the director of education's office from September 2009 to June 2013.” The period covers not only her own brief tenure but that of former education director Chris Spence, who resigned earlier this year amid allegations of plagiarism.
Article Continued Below
Quan has also asked the province to look into the board's Focus on Youth program, which provides activities and summer jobs for at-risk teens, as well as “the management of financial controls and processes within business services.” Board chair Chris Bolton said Quan's letter was prompted by allegations raised by “a couple of trustees based on some information that they felt they had about concerns programming. . . . I would prefer that we address the allegations as quickly as possible based on what Donna sent (the ministry).” He also said some accusations of financial mismanagement were outright wrong, and he had previously addressed that with staff. “There is a general audit done once a year by the auditors, which is kind of interesting because it seems that during the general audit, there were no questions arising about those programs,” Bolton said. Several sources have suggested the situation is complex and fuelled by internal tensions and political motivations.
Sources also told the Star that recent internal and external audits uncovered a very minor issue with Focus on Youth, but nothing to do with its finances. One source said senior staff expenses, however, could be an issue. Trustee Elizabeth Moyer, who chairs the board's audit committee, confirmed she sent a letter to Sandals on May 31 outlining her concerns.
Article Continued Below
However, Moyer now finds herself under fire over a potential conflict of interest after her two daughters were hired for Focus on Youth jobs last summer. News of the provincial audit comes after a difficult year for the board, which saw Spence depart after embarrassing revelations of plagiarism, as well as cost overruns on a number of construction projects that prompted the province to put a freeze on capital funding. The board passed a new capital plan last week and has been awaiting approval from the province. Sandals stressed that the forensic audit, which will be completed this fall by Ernst and Young LLP, has no immediate impact on capital planning. The concerns being probed date “from a little while ago — so during Mr. Spence's administration — and some going on into the current administration,” she said. “So it's not about a particular individual, it's more about the financial management practices of the board in general.” Spence could not be reached for comment. The Star could also not reach former chief financial officer Vidyia Rego. Trustee Sam Sotiropoulos, who sits on the board's audit committee, said he was surprised the financial officer raised concerns because he'd heard nothing from her about them over the past three years. However, Sotiropoulos added, “if the chair of the audit committee and the current director think there's something we need to know about, and that a further audit by the provincial government is necessary in order to clear the air or uncover some malfeasance, it should be expedited in a manner that is both quick and to the point.” At a Wednesday news conference, Quan said a number of audits were completed during the six months she has been director. She went to the ministry in this instance in part to ensure public accountability and transparency, she said. “If I did not act upon it, I would be complicit,” she said. “I must act upon it.” Asked about salary increases at the board, she said it went through “senior team restructuring” and she welcomes the ministry to investigate. Quan was also asked about Bolton's suggestion that a group of trustees is playing politics to distract her from other issues. “I think it's important for me, no matter what the assertion is, I must act upon it if I have some doubt,” she said. “My job is to ensure transparency and a high level of accountability. The integrity of the Toronto District School Board is important to me.”
Amazon has come to the rescue of British period drama Ripper Street. The online giant is today launching its Amazon Prime Instant Video service in the UK and with that has announced a commission for a 3rd season of the BBC crime series. It's also acquired UK subscription streaming rights to the previous seasons. The Victorian era show, which stars Matthew Macfadyen, was cancelled by the BBC in December after a 2nd season ratings drop. The news elicited an outpouring of lament from fans and it was soon rumored that Amazon's streaming service LoveFilm might pick up the slack. Amazon recently said it was folding LoveFilm into its Prime service in Britain with the new-look platform bowing today, along with the news that new episodes of Ripper Street will be made available exclusively to Amazon Prime Instant Video members before screening on BBC One a few months later.
This is the first time a VOD service has ridden to the rescue of a drama series after it was axed by a UK network. The Ripper Street order is part of Amazon's commitment to invest in original content as well as a move that continues to increase its local rivalry with Netflix. Tiger Aspect and Lookout Point will produce the 3rd season of Ripper Street which will be co-produced in the U.S. by BBC America. Shooting is set to start in May. Ripper Street is set in 1889 London in the aftermath of the Jack The Ripper murders. The action centers on the H Division group of detectives who investigated the murders and tried to keep the peace in a panicked section of east London. Jerome Flynn (Game Of Thrones), Adam Rothenberg (Alcatraz) and MyAnna Buring (Downton Abbey) also star. The show is created by Richard Warlow (Waking The Dead, Mistresses). BBC Worldwide will distribute the new series internationally.
GETTY Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson is yet to feature under Jurgen Klopp
Henderson is six weeks into his recovery from a broken metatarsal and has started doing outdoor work at Melwood. The midfielder was expected to be out for between eight to 10 weeks with that injury, but must also test the heel problem that troubled him at the start of the campaign when he returns to full training.
Liverpool stars get spooky in Halloween party Mon, November 2, 2015 Liverpool stars celebrated their impressive 3-1 victory over Chelsea this weekend by throwing a spooky Halloween party Play slideshow Instagram 1 of 9 Some of the Liverpool's first-team squad gather for a photo at a Halloween party hosted by Jose Enrique (second right) and his partner
Henderson visited a specialist in New York at the start of September after experiencing pain in his left heel during games against Stoke and Bournemouth back in August. He underwent a series of injections in an attempt to cure the persistent problem, but then fractured his metatarsal in training just 72 hours after being treated. England international Henderson has yet to play under Klopp and must balance his eagerness to return with ensuring he is fully fit.
GETTY David Wagner could rejoin Jurgen Klopp at Liverpool after leaving Borussia Dortmund
A diner in Folsom, Calif. got a big break on her bill Thursday after claiming she saw a rodent at an Asian-fusion restaurant.
A photo of the receipt from Fat's Asia Bistro & Dim Sum Bar went viral this week after a friend of the customer posted it in her Facebook group. The customer allegedly received a $30 "Seen Rat" discount off her bill totaling over $90. Although there were jokes about the incident online, the CEO of Fat's Restaurant Group is on the offensive.
“In our 14 years in Folsom, we have not experienced something like this before,” Fat's Family Restaurant Group manager Kevin Fat told KTXL .
RAT MEAT BURGERS FLOODING RUSSIAN RESTAURANT SCENE
The woman's friend says she felt the rat running around their feet, and notified the server. No one came over to address the issue, but when the bill arrived, the horrifying event was simply noted with a discount.
“That's something that that manager at the time thought was appropriate, [it's a] learning lesson,” Fat said.
The Facebook post made its way to the Sacramento County Environmental Management Department.
FOR THE LATEST FOOD FEATURES FOLLOW FOX ON FACEBOOK
A health inspector scrutinized the restaurant and told Fox 40 Sacramento they found no evidence of a rodent infestation.
“For example there were no droppings, there were no live or dead bodies, no nesting, no gnawed food packages,” the inspector said.
The restaurant has passed scheduled inspections within the last year with no mention of rodents.
The inspector theorized that perhaps the rat entered via the back door, and “maybe wandered around the dining room and was chased back out."
August 31st, 2015
Calgary, AB — Immediate Release
Calgary Humane Society, Calgary Police Service and Animal & Bylaw Services are warning cat owners to keep their pets indoors following several recent incidents where cats have been found mutilated, severely injured or killed.
Calgary Humane Society Protections Officers have investigated the unusual or suspicious deaths of 12 outdoor cats this year alone. Sadly, all these cases could have been prevented.
“While some cat owners will argue depriving a cat of outdoor freedom decreases its' quality of life, the reality is quite the opposite. There are a multitude of dangers posed to cats allowed to wander at will. Cats can be hit by cars causing catastrophic injuries, disease and pregnancy are concerns for the animal as well as a public health issue, and predation results in the deaths of dozens of cats every year. Cats at large are also prime targets for cruelty, whether that be trapping and inappropriate disposal or easy targets for those looking to abuse animals” says Brad Nichols, Senior Manager, Animal Cruelty & Investigations.
Beyond these risks, depriving a cat of adequate food, water or shelter is an offense under the Animal Protection Act and allowing a cat to run at large is an offense under the Responsible Pet
Ownership Bylaw.
When the same thing keeps happening over and over again, under the same circumstances, it is called a pattern. Even in science, this type of pattern is used in experiments to determine a theory to be fact. Conduct enough experiments that result in the same outcome, the project then becomes fact.
This same analogy has to be applied to the long line of deaths associated with those who were a threat to Hillary Clinton. No longer can we just chalk these deaths up to being mysterious or coincidence. Almost on a weekly basis, someone who either was going to testify against her, release damning evidence on her or was going to oppose her in some way, are found dead. Thus, the body count under these circumstances has become a pattern, one which simply cannot be ignored or brushed aside as coincidence.
Only in the last few days, the body of Miami Federal Prosecutor Beranton Whisenant Jr. washed up on a beach in Hollywood, Florida . The cause of death was either a gunshot wound or some other trauma to the head. Whisenant was investigating DNC voter fraud in Wasserman Schultz's district. Whisenant was a direct threat to Clinton in uncovering her collusion with Schultz and the DNC in fixing the 2016 election in her favor.
The shooting of Seth Rich took place on July 10, 2016 in his own neighborhood. He later died in a nearby hospital, mysteriously, I might add. He was allegedly another individual who was set to testify against Clinton on voter fraud
Rich's death was officially listed as the result of a robbery. However, nothing he was carrying was taken. Rich also did not die at the scene, but later died at the hospital, where, according to a surgeon, his wounds were not life-threatening and was still alive and doing fine after surgery . Yet, he later died that night after being visited by DC police who refused to allow doctors and hospital staff to enter his room for an extended time.
Sean Lucas, a process server, was found dead on the bathroom floor by his girlfriend on 08/02/2015 . This was after he served papers on the DNC in connection with a voter fraud suit filed by Bernie Sanders' attorney.
Over 50 people who were either going to testify against the Clintons, present damning evidence against them, or posed a threat to their Crime Dynasty in any way have been found dead of either mysterious causes or murdered. Over 50 people who were either going to testify against the Clintons, present damning evidence against them, or posed a threat to their Crime Dynasty in any way have been found dead of either mysterious causes or murdered. The hit list also includes Don Henry and Kevin Ives, who were found dead on railroad tracks south of Little Rock, Arkansas in 1987. According to railroad employees, they were beaten, stabbed, and placed on the tracks. Yet, the Sheriff's Department ruled the deaths accidental.
These boys just happened to stumble upon a police-protected drug drop via a drug smuggling enterprise based in Mena, Arkansas in the early 1980s that had Clinton connections.
Twelve Clinton bodyguards also join the list of those who apparently knew too much dirt on the Clintons and ended up dead.
Thus, we have way too many deaths associated with those who threatened Hillary Clinton, the Clinton family, or the Clinton Foundation for them to be considered a coincidence.
What we have here is a Clinton Hit Machine that continues to rack up deaths almost on a monthly basis of late, which goes completely unchecked by the corrupt media and is constantly being covered up by high-end officials in government.
UPDATE: Welcome, Gateway Pundit readers!
UPDATE 2: Welcome, Weasel Zippers readers!
UPDATE 3: Welcome, Freepers!
UPDATE 4, Welcome, Behind the Black readers!
UPDATE 5: Welcome, The Blaze readers!
UPDATE 6: Welcome, The Real Revo readers!
UPDATE 7: Welcome, Liberty Newsreaders!
UPDATE 8: Welcome, Reddittors!
UPDATE 9: Welcome, The Truth About Guns readers!
UPDATE 10: Readers interested in how Matthew's parents — Pam and Brian Schoenecker — see the situation should read the recent posts and comments on Pam's Facebook page, here.
UPDATE 11: For a video summarizing this story in less than four minutes, illustrated with scary pictures of guns liberals will need to ban, click here, or read the Sept. 3 followup post. And please RT this tweet on the four-minute video. The 16-minute video already has 4,500+ views in just two days (as of Sept. 4, 2 p.m.); this very short version should be even more effective in acquainting folks to the gist of the story.
UPDATE 12: It appears the school bureaucrats behind this fiasco are now pursuing a blame-the-victim strategy. Early in the morning on Sept. 4, Vicki McKenna posted on her Facebook page (here) and on her Twitter account (here) an image of a letter sent by the principal and superintendent to all parents of Matthew's virtual school addressing (rather obliquely) the current controversy. In addition to stating that no one had actually been suspended or threatened with suspension (which Matthew's parents already knew, and Vicki had reported (here), based on the discussion between Matthew's mom and the superintendent), the letter appears to place blame on Matthew for supposedly not making “good choices” (para. 2). It also appears to place blame on Matthew's parents for supposedly not having reached out to school personnel “for clarification” prior to contacting the media (para. 3). In fact, as Vicki discussed on her Aug. 29 afternoon show (30 seconds starting here, and 15 seconds starting here), the parents went to the media only after their efforts to seek clarification from the school went with no response! This blame-the-victims letter, and Vicki's comments on it on her show(s), will likely be featured in a separate post. [Update: that post is here.]
Meet Melissa A. Horn. She's the 40-year-old Wisconsin school principal who's currently bullying an 11-year-old boy over a tiny picture of a gun and an American flag on the computer he uses only at home.
The boy, Matthew, is “attending” — through distance learning, via computer — Wisconsin Virtual Learning, a 4K-12K virtual school run as an online pubic charter school by the Northern Ozaukee School District.
Horn is its principal and executive director. For more on Horn, consult her LinkedIn page and her “Executive Director's Message” in which she mentions that at Wisconsin Virtual Learning, “we pride ourselves in being both parent and student-friendly,”and “[o]ur lines of communication, whether face-to-face or via telephone, email, or Blackboard Collaborate room, are always open.”
This story was broken on August 29 by conservative Wisconsin talk-radio host Vicki McKenna. Her August 29 shows covered extensively how Matthew, a Second Amendment enthusiast, has been threatened with expulsion for using a tiny picture of a gun and an American flag as his online avatar in a e-mail to his “Student Learning Advocate.”
A copy of the e-mail avatar that triggered this bullying of Matthew by his principal is available on Vicki's Facebook page.
Vicki initially covered this story in her August 29 morning show in Milwaukee. Here's an unabridged clip of her discussion. (35 minutes; downloadable version here).
Vicki recapped the matter, and had an important update, in her August 29 afternoon show in Madison. Here's an unabridged clip of that discussion. (30 minutes; downloadable version here).
For those with a special interest in how liberal educators are using their power to censor any reference to guns or the Second Amendment in the educational context, the full audio is well worth your time.
For those who want the gist of the story, here's a video clip combining the most important parts of both broadcasts, with many of the points made by Vicki illustrated with screenshots of relevant web pages. Enjoy!
For journalists, or members of the public who wish to contact those potentially in a position to stop the bullying of Matthew for his exercise of his First Amendment right to use an avatar that reflects his enthusiasm for the Second Amendment (note that this charter school is presumably funded in part using both state and federal tax dollars), here is some contact information:
Principal Melissa A. Horn: Phone numbers 866-301-0401 or 262-692-3988 (from website). General school e-mail contact page here. Horn's individual e-mail address (found in readily available public records) is apparently Horn.Melissa1@gmail.com.
[Update, 1:30 p.m. Direct e-mail addresses for school officials are listed here. In case that page is taken down, here are some of them: Principal Melissa Horn, mhorn@nosd.edu; Secretary Danielle Biever, dbiever@nosd.edu; Pupil Services Director Barb Peterka, bpeterka@nosd.edu; Pupil Services Secretary Nicole Depies, ndepies@nosd.edu; Open Enrollment Coordinator Ann Baumann, abaumann@nosd.edu.]
[Update, 3:30 p.m.: Melissa Horn's Facebook page is here. The school's Facebook page is here. It has some fun candid photos of Principal Horn, including these from a 2010 summer school outing:
The school's Twitter feed (quite active) is @WisconsinVL. Melissa Horn's Twitter feed (protected, and apparently inactive) is here. The school's YouTube channel is here (for a 30-second ad touting the school and promising “it could change the rest of your child's life” — as Matthews' parents might well attest! — click here.).]
Superintendent Blake A. Peuse: Phone number 262-692-2489, ext. 402; e-mail bpeuse@nosd.edu (from website). Contact info for his administrative assistant, Jackie Evraets: phone number 262-692-2489, ext. 410; e-mail jevraets@nosd.edu.
[Update, 1:30 p.m.: Peuse is on Twitter: @BlakePeuse. So is Ms. Evraets, his administrative assistant: @JackieEvraets. The school district's general Facebook page is here.]
School Board: Bios of members here. Phone numbers of members, and addresses at which they can be written, here. Note that the next school board meeting apparently will be held next Monday, Sept. 8, at 7 p.m. at the Ozaukee middle school/high school library. [Update, 4:30 p.m.: It seems that some sort of school board meeting devoted to the virtual school is being held on Thursday, Sept. 11, at 6 p.m.; see here.]
Update [11 p.m. Central time, Sept. 2]. Embedded below is a four-minute clip of the key new material on this topic from Vicki's WISN show this morning, which was live-blogged here (see next six paragraphs). Downloadable version here. (The full eleven minutes of Vicki's discussion during the 10 a.m. hour is downloadable here.)
Update [10:10 a.m. Central time, Sept. 2] Vicki is now reporting that she has an audio tape of Matthew's mother speaking to the school superintendent, though she can't air it due to FCC regulations which apply in Wisconsin and a few other states which only allow audio to be aired with the consent of all parties. (Wisconsin is a one-party consent state, so that the recording itself was legally obtained, and hopefully Matthew's mother will authorize it to be put online, possibly in excerpted form.)
[10:20 a .m.] Vicki mentions again what she mentioned on Aug. 29: the principal was upset at the media attention. Vicki emphasizes that this is because Matthew's parents couldn't get anyone at the school to call them back! (Compare the principal's assurance in her welcome message that “[o]ur lines of communication, whether face-to-face or via telephone, email, or Blackboard Collaborate room, are always open.”)
Vicki reports that the superintendent says “we're going to have a conversation” about banning pictures of guns, because “we're worried about safety.” They're going to go back to the drawing board and create an idiotic policy!
This is what the educational bureaucracy does when parents raise issues. Rather than telling the parents a few days ago that there was no policy, and that Matthew need not fear being expelled, they're now told that they're going to create a policy against virtual guns!
[10:30 a.m.] A caller mentions that in high school football games, there are frequent references during games to the “pistol formation, “and “shotgun formation,” and to “bullet passes” — next to be banned, Vicki surmises!
[10:38 a.m.] A caller remarks that, not having a day of college, he's obviously unable to understand the thinking of these elite bureaucrats. Vicki mentions that someone texted asking whether we have to stop talking about “shooting” basketball! She says “there is no endpoint to this madness.”
[12:50 p.m.] Check out the comments under Vicki's link to this post on Facebook. In particular, this comment from Amy Rosno:
I am virtual school teacher in WI (not at this school). This is absolutely stupid and a waste of everyone's time. The school is out of line with their request.
From this photo of Amy on Facebook, it appears she definitely knows the difference between a real gun and a virtual gun:
[9 p.m.] Although he reportedly spurned all efforts by journalists to contact him for comment on this controversy, at the end of the day Superintendent Blake A. Peuse tweeted about what a “great day” it had been in the school system:
Thank you to all parents/guardians for making everything work well on our first day. Many more great days for learning to come! — Blake Peuse (@BlakePeuse) September 2, 2014
The tweet drew at least one critical comment.
Update, 6 p.m., Sept. 3. Here is the additional, highly entertaining, four-minute video referenced in Update 11 at the top of this post. For more background, see Sept. 3 followup post.
Advertisements
There is no denying the problem of illegal guns on city streets and the heartbreak that comes along with it. One North Philadelphia man is trying to curb the problem through fire-arms education and he wants to change the way people think in the process.
FOX 29's Hank Flynn was at The Gun Range in North Philadelphia the other day when he ran into Maj Toure, founder of Black Guns Matter.
His self-imposed mission is teaching gun safety and the pathway to legal gun ownership. Though he's happy to teach anyone, Maj does focus on communities that he says are under-informed on gun law. In other words, he says… the Black community. “I think a lot of times other organizations may have judged, or even ignored our demographic,” he says, watching as Gun Range instructor James Kelly and I took turns shooting at a target. “We're going to use whatever resources are available to make sure that this group of American citizens are handled properly and are very well informed.”
But here's the thing: it's not all about guns. As Maj puts it, guns are a commonality that spark a larger conversation, one about perceptions. In the eyes of the law, there's no difference between a legal gun owner in North Philly -- a black man like Maj, for instance -- and a legal gun owner elsewhere. But people have preconceived notions. “The person that has that bias, especially if they're into firearms… we already have that commonality. Because if I say "Hey, I want my firearm and I don't want anybody to take it," they already feel that exact same way. Now we can deal with the fact that why me having a firearm -- if it does make you nervous -- why does it make you nervous?”
Maj says he gets death threats on a semi-regular basis mainly, he adds, from people that don't understand what Black Guns Matter stands for. Since, as Americans, we know that the same laws are supposed to apply to everyone, why is it that a guy from North Philly preaching legal gun ownership is causing such a stir. We welcome the conversation @fox29philly and @hankfox29.
"Ever since I can remember, I have always wanted to be an artist of some sort," says Andrés "Raccoon Nook" Rivera. "I also really wanted to be an astronaut."
That combined passion for art and technology has led to Nook's distinct artistic style, which works equally well for illustrating punk robots as it does for ads for big companies. Growing up, Nook's father was both an artist and a developer, which led Nook into the world of computer-based art. He's done work for everyone from Ford and NBC to electronic musician Paper Diamond. He even made a series of striking, colorful posters for a Lady Gaga concert that never actually happened. "I was completely heart broken when the posters didn't go public and the event it was for was cancelled," he says. One of the posters still hangs on the wall in his Brooklyn apartment.
Like many contemporary illustrators, Nook draws inspiration from a number of sources, everything from science fiction to classic art. Music is a particular inspiration, especially when it comes to hip-hop and house. "It's crazy how many ideas rush into my brain when listening to that stuff," he says. He also regularly rewatches movies while working, including the Vin Diesel sci-fi flick Pitch Black. Sometimes all it takes to generate some ideas is a brisk walk. "Living in NYC, you can just throw on a pair of headphones and go for a walk and let your mind wander."
Currently a freelancer, Nook splits his time between illustration and motion graphics, but he's particularly interested in exploring the world of animation even more. And as someone who studied fine art, he'd also like to expand beyond commercial illustration at some point. It's just a matter of finding the time.
"I need to clone myself."
You can find more of his work on his site.
A consumer protection group in China is asking Apple to investigate problems with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s units automatically shutting off.
Recently, iPhone customers in the country have been complaining about the problem to the China Consumers Association, the group said in a statement on Tuesday. The shutdowns occur when the phone's battery charge drops to between 60 and 50 percent.
The problem will persist despite upgrading to the latest version of iOS. It will also occur in both cold environments and at room temperature. After the automatic shutdown, the phones will also fail to turn on without connecting to a power supply.
A “considerable number” of consumers have contacted the China Consumers Association, and many have the same problem, the group said. It made the statement as the local press in the country have written stories about the shutdowns.
So far, Apple hasn't publicly commented on the matter.
Prior to Tuesday's statement from the China Consumer Association, affected iPhone users in the country also took to local social media services to express their complaints.
“When the battery is at 60 percent it shuts down,” wrote one user on Sina Weibo. “On restart, the phone will display no battery. Then when I turn it on again, it will be normal, only to automatically shut down again.”
Local Chinese media have posted the letter the China Consumers Association sent to Apple. It asks that the company reply within 10 days.
The association is asking Apple what the exact problem is, whether the phone's battery is responsible, and what steps the company will take to address the issue.
I recently had the opportunity to get acquainted with this gorgeous upcoming cosmetics brand – Müse! It's the baby of a group of lovely ladies from Indonesia and my favorite indie enabler, Francesca is one of the brains behind this gem of a project. She gave me the opportunity to get my sticky paws on some custom eye shadow and since I've always been wanting a rich, inky and glittery shade that reminded me of the night sky, that was exactly what I asked for. Imagine my surprise when she turned up with not one, not two but five jars of eye shadow based on my request. These were all mixed with a single request in mind and I am floored by how incredibly gorgeous everything is.
1 2 3 4 5
Just look at those gorgeous gorgeous shades. These work best over an adhesive like glitter glue or pixie epoxy and I am in love, so in love. These are beautifully pigmented and I couldn't get myself to stop gawking at my arm while I was doing the swatches. They are currently handling some logistical issues, but I really hope that this company takes flight because, honestly, my indie addicts. We need this company in our lives.
Warning: Image heavy post up ahead!
♥
I took some swatches of each individual shade and applied the eye shadows over Nyx Milk, Darling Girl Glitter Glue and wet over bare skin. These colors were not labelled, so to keep myself from getting confused, I rather unimaginatively labelled them all in numerical value from 1 to 5.
Disclaimer: I'm still not very good at swatching, so take my word that these look much much better in real life. Also, this is my first time ever using Glitter Glue, so if it looks like the shadows weren't applied well, it's more likely to be due to my lack of skill.
1.
Gorgeous inky amethyst base with silver and purple specks of glitter.
Over Nyx Milk:
Over Glitter Glue:
Applied wet over bare skin:
2.
Inky blackish gun metal grey with a slight greenish tinge. Lots of iridescent glitter.
Over Nyx Milk:
Over Glitter Glue:
Applied wet over bare skin:
3.
Navy purple base with silver and blue glitter. Similar to 1.
Over Nyx Milk:
Over Glitter Glue:
Applied wet over bare skin:
4.
This shade is more shimmery than glittery. A gorgeous duo chrome dark purple with a reddish purple sheen.
Over Nyx Milk:
Over Glitter Glue:
Applied wet over bare skin:
5.
Gun metal grey base with a dark green sheen and gorgeous silver, purple and green glitter. This is my personal favorite of the lot.
Over Nyx Milk:
Over Glitter Glue:
Applied wet over bare skin:
On the whole…
I am more than thrilled with my sparkly new eye shadows. I wasn't overly fond of how these shadows appeared over Nyx Milk but their full potential really comes through over the Glitter Glue since it allows the glitter and colors to really pop. I also really liked the wet application. Although the colors weren't as rich as they were over Glitter Glue, the effect is really nice and the application is really easy. Müse is truly a force to be reckoned with, and Francesca is just the sweetest person. I hope they're able to work through whatever logistical challenges they may face and hopefully I'll get a heck of an indie brand a little closer to home.
Advertisements
Lambdas are a great powerful tool to simplify code, but also to do things that were not possible before. We talked about them in the [first part of the series](Unleash functional power on Android (I): Kotlin lambdas).
In the end, lambdas are the basis to implement lots of functional features, such as the ones we are talking today: Collection operations. Kotlin provides an awesome set of operations that wouldn't be possible (or really verbose) when using a language which doesn't support lambdas.
This article is not Android specific, but it will boost Android Apps development in many different ways. Today I'll be talking about the different types of collections Kotlin provides, as well as the available operations over them.
Collections
Although we can just use Java collections, Kotlin provides a good set of native interfaces you will want to use:
Iterable : The parent class. Any classes that inherit from this interface represent a sequence of elements we can iterate over.
: The parent class. Any classes that inherit from this interface represent a sequence of elements we can iterate over. MutableIterable : Iterables that support removing items during iteration.
: Iterables that support removing items during iteration. Collection : This class represents a generic collection of elements. We get access to functions that return the size of the collection, whether the collection is empty, contains an item or a set of items. All the methods for this kind of collections are only to request data, because collections are immutable.
: This class represents a generic collection of elements. We get access to functions that return the size of the collection, whether the collection is empty, contains an item or a set of items. All the methods for this kind of collections are only to request data, because collections are immutable. MutableCollection : a Collection that supports adding and removing elements. It provides extra functions such as add , remove or clear among others.
: a that supports adding and removing elements. It provides extra functions such as , or among others. List : Probably the most used collection. It represents a generic ordered collection of elements. As it's ordered, we can request an item by its position, using the get function.
: Probably the most used collection. It represents a generic ordered collection of elements. As it's ordered, we can request an item by its position, using the function. MutableList : a List that supports adding and removing elements.
: a that supports adding and removing elements. Set : an unordered collection of elements that doesn't support duplicate elements.
: an unordered collection of elements that doesn't support duplicate elements. MutableSet : a Set that supports adding and removing elements.
: a that supports adding and removing elements. Map : a collection of key-value pairs. The keys in a map are unique, which means we cannot have two pairs with the same key in a map.
: a collection of key-value pairs. The keys in a map are unique, which means we cannot have two pairs with the same key in a map. MutableMap: a Map that supports adding and removing elements.
Collection Operations
This is the set of functional operations we have available over the different collections. I want to show you a little definition and example. It is useful to know what the options are, because that way it's easier to identify where these functions can be used. Please let me know if you miss any function from the standard library.
All this content and much more can be found in Kotlin for Android Developers book.
18.1 Aggregate operations
any
Returns true if at least one element matches the given predicate.
all
[kotlin] val list = listOf(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6)assertTrue(list.any { it % 2 == 0 })assertFalse(list.any { it > 10 })[/kotlin]
Returns true if all the elements match the given predicate.
Want to learn Kotlin? Check my free guide to create your first project in 15 minutes! GET THE FREE GUIDE
count
[kotlin] assertTrue(list.all { it < 10 })assertFalse(list.all { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the number of elements matching the given predicate.
fold
[kotlin] assertEquals(3, list.count { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Accumulates the value starting with an initial value and applying an operation from the first to the last element in a collection.
foldRight
[kotlin] assertEquals(25, list.fold(4) { total, next -> total + next })[/kotlin]
Same as fold , but it goes from the last element to first.
forEach
[kotlin] assertEquals(25, list.foldRight(4) { total, next -> total + next })[/kotlin]
Performs the given operation to each element.
forEachIndexed
[kotlin] list forEach { println(it) }[/kotlin]
Same as forEach , though we also get the index of the element.
max
[kotlin] list forEachIndexed { index, value-> println("position $index contains a $value") }[/kotlin]
Returns the largest element or null if there are no elements.
maxBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(6, list.max())[/kotlin]
Returns the first element yielding the largest value of the given function or null if there are no elements.
min
[kotlin] // The element whose negative is greaterassertEquals(1, list.maxBy { -it })[/kotlin]
Returns the smallest element or null if there are no elements.
minBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(1, list.min())[/kotlin]
Returns the first element yielding the smallest value of the given function or null if there are no elements.
none
[kotlin] // The element whose negative is smallerassertEquals(6, list.minBy { -it })[/kotlin]
Returns true if no elements match the given predicate.
reduce
[kotlin] // No elements are divisible by 7assertTrue(list.none { it % 7 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Same as fold , but it doesn't use an initial value. It accumulates the value applying an operation from the first to the last element in a collection.
reduceRight
[kotlin] assertEquals(21, list.reduce { total, next -> total + next })[/kotlin]
Same as reduce , but it goes from the last element to first.
sumBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(21, list.reduceRight { total, next -> total + next })[/kotlin]
Returns the sum of all values produced by the transform function from the elements in the collection.
18.2 Filtering operations
drop
[kotlin] assertEquals(3, list.sumBy { it % 2 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements except first n elements.
dropWhile
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(5, 6), list.drop(4))[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements except first elements that satisfy the given predicate.
dropLastWhile
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(3, 4, 5, 6), list.dropWhile { it < 3 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements except last elements that satisfy the given predicate.
filter
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2, 3, 4), list.dropLastWhile { it > 4 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements matching the given predicate.
filterNot
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 4, 6), list.filter { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements not matching the given predicate.
filterNotNull
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 3, 5), list.filterNot { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements that are not null .
slice
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2, 3, 4), listWithNull.filterNotNull())[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing elements at specified indices.
take
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 4, 5), list.slice(listOf(1, 3, 4)))[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing first n elements.
takeLast
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2), list.take(2))[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing last n elements.
takeWhile
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(5, 6), list.takeLast(2))[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing first elements satisfying the given predicate.
18.3 Mapping operations
flatMap
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2), list.takeWhile { it < 3 })[/kotlin]
Iterates over the elements creating a new collection for each one, and finally flattens all the collections into a unique list containing all the elements.
groupBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 7), list.flatMap { listOf(it, it + 1) })[/kotlin]
Returns a map of the elements in original collection grouped by the result of given function
map
[kotlin] assertEquals(mapOf("odd" to listOf(1, 3, 5), "even" to listOf(2, 4, 6)),list.groupBy { if (it % 2 == 0) "even" else "odd" })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing the results of applying the given transform function to each element of the original collection.
mapIndexed
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12), list.map { it * 2 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing the results of applying the given transform function to each element and its index of the original collection.
mapNotNull
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf (0, 2, 6, 12, 20, 30), list.mapIndexed { index, it-> index * it })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing the results of applying the given transform function to each non-null element of the original collection.
18.4 Elements operations
contains
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 4, 6, 8), listWithNull mapNotNull { it * 2 })[/kotlin]
Returns true if the element is found in the collection.
elementAt
[kotlin] assertTrue(list.contains(2))[/kotlin]
Returns an element at the given index or throws an IndexOutOfBoundsException if the index is out of bounds of this collection.
elementAtOrElse
[kotlin] assertEquals(2, list.elementAt(1))[/kotlin]
Returns an element at the given index or the result of calling the default function if the index is out of bounds of this collection.
elementAtOrNull
[kotlin] assertEquals(20, list.elementAtOrElse(10, { 2 * it }))[/kotlin]
Returns an element at the given index or null if the index is out of bounds of this collection.
first
[kotlin] assertNull(list.elementAtOrNull(10))[/kotlin]
Returns the first element matching the given predicate
firstOrNull
[kotlin] assertEquals(2, list.first { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the first element matching the given predicate, or null if no element was found.
indexOf
[kotlin] assertNull(list.firstOrNull { it % 7 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the first index of element, or -1 if the collection does not contain element.
indexOfFirst
[kotlin] assertEquals(3, list.indexOf(4))[/kotlin]
Returns index of the first element matching the given predicate, or -1 if the collection does not contain such element.
indexOfLast
[kotlin] assertEquals(1, list.indexOfFirst { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns index of the last element matching the given predicate, or -1 if the collection does not contain such element.
last
[kotlin] assertEquals(5, list.indexOfLast { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the last element matching the given predicate.
lastIndexOf
[kotlin] assertEquals(6, list.last { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns last index of element, or -1 if the collection does not contain element.
lastOrNull
[kotlin] val listRepeated = listOf(2, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 6)assertEquals(5, listRepeated.lastIndexOf(5))[/kotlin]
Returns the last element matching the given predicate, or null if no such element was found.
single
[kotlin] val list = listOf(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6)assertNull(list.lastOrNull { it % 7 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the single element matching the given predicate, or throws exception if there is no or more than one matching element.
singleOrNull
[kotlin] assertEquals(5, list.single { it % 5 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns the single element matching the given predicate, or null if element was not found or more than one element was found.
18.5 Generation operations
merge
[kotlin] assertNull(list.singleOrNull { it % 7 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list of values built from elements of both collections with same indexes using the provided transform function. The list has the length of the shortest collection.
partition
[kotlin] val list = listOf(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6)val listRepeated = listOf(2, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 6)assertEquals(listOf(3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 11), list.merge(listRepeated) { it1, it2 ->it1 + it2 })[/kotlin]
Splits original collection into a pair of collections, where the first collection contains elements for which the predicate returned true ,
while the second collection contains elements for which the predicate returned false .
plus
[kotlin] assertEquals(Pair(listOf(2, 4, 6), listOf(1, 3, 5)),list.partition { it % 2 == 0 })[/kotlin]
Returns a list containing all elements of the original collection and then all elements of the given collection. Because of the name of the function, we can use the ‘+' operator with it.
zip
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8), list + listOf(7, 8))[/kotlin]
Returns a list of pairs built from the elements of both collections with the same indexes. The list has the length of the shortest collection.
18.6 Ordering operations
reverse
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(Pair(1, 7), Pair(2, 8)), list.zip(listOf(7, 8)))[/kotlin]
Returns a list with elements in reversed order.
sort
[kotlin] val unsortedList = listOf(3, 2, 7, 5)assertEquals(listOf(5, 7, 2, 3), unsortedList.reverse())[/kotlin]
Returns a sorted list of all elements.
sortBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 3, 5, 7), unsortedList.sort())[/kotlin]
Returns a list of all elements, sorted by the specified comparator.
sortDescending
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(3, 7, 2, 5), unsortedList.sortBy { it % 3 })[/kotlin]
Returns a sorted list of all elements, in descending order.
sortDescendingBy
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(7, 5, 3, 2), unsortedList.sortDescending())[/kotlin]
Returns a sorted list of all elements, in descending order by the results of the specified order function.
Author: Antonio Leiva I'm in love with Kotlin. I've been learning about it for a couple of years, applying it to Android and digesting all this knowledge so that you can learn it with no effort. Twitter Linkedin Github
Shares
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
[kotlin] assertEquals(listOf(2, 5, 7, 3), unsortedList.sortDescendingBy { it % 3 })[/kotlin]
M@
Fly Through 17th Century London
A group of students at De Montfort University created this fly-through of 17th century London (skip to 0:50 in the video to get to the juicy stuff). The model focuses on the area around Pudding Lane and the bakery of Thomas Farriner, where the Great Fire of 1666 started.
Although most of the buildings are conjectural, the students used a realistic street pattern and even included the hanging signs of genuine inns and businesses mentioned in Samuel Pepys' diary. More information on the source material and processes can be found on the team's blog.
The project is an entry in the Off The Map competition, in which students were invited to build 3-D digital models based on maps at the British Library, and using software by Crytek. We're impressed, and hope the model is developed into something playable, or perhaps a 17th century version of Street View, which historians could hone and add to.
Once again, the American media is going gaga over an Italian homicide involving a female US citizen. Except this time, instead of being the prime suspect, like Amanda Knox some time ago, the American is the purported victim. Ashley Olsen was found dead, apparently strangled by a Senegalese immigrant after having sex with him in her apartment in Florence, despite having a long-term Italian boyfriend. This has led to an eruption of sycophantic praise about her life, as if she were some non-besmirchable sage of philosophy for having moved to Italy like Julia Roberts in the film Eat, Pray, Love.
To be clear, Olsen was a 35-year-old habitual drug and alcohol abuser who seems to have found no steady way to support herself, which makes her descent into drugs even more reckless. Time reports that she worked as a “babysitter, dog-sitter, and organizer of art events.” There is no doubt that Olsen's consumption of narcotics led to woefully poor judgment. On a moral basis, we can always fall back on “She didn't deserve it,” a sentiment I totally agree with, but how about preventing further deaths like this?
Presenting Olsen as a grossly undeserving victim of homicide is not mutually exclusive with a proper assessment, based on facts and testimonies, of her character and actions. On that theme, forensic evidence so far indicates consensual sex took place between Olsen and a Senegalese illegal migrant. This is already being toned down or swept under the carpet by the media, which has quoted someone saying “She would never have cheated on her boyfriend.” Incidentally, the Senegalese man is the one who has been arrested, at least so far, for her murder.
Olsen's love of drugs and degrading lifestyles exposed her to the circumstances in which she died
If I travel to Sinaloa in Mexico and get murdered, I do not deserve to be killed. But I have exposed myself to a spectacular risk. The same goes for me venturing to Afghanistan for a desert jaunt, going camping in Siberia in January, or starting a makeshift expedition into the Amazon Rainforest. They don't need to be human-related dangers for me to need to take significant precautions (or just not go!).
When was the last time you:
Went for a late night walk in the projects of Detroit, Harlem or South Central Chicago?
Wordlessly stared at members of a motorcycle gang at a remote highway bar?
Ran through cars moving in traffic, even when the vehicles are going over 25 miles an hour?
How is taking any of these steps different from consuming ample drugs and then sauntering around a large city at night? The point here is an appreciation of risks and consequences, rather than declaring that a victim is moral culpable.
Loading...
This is my exact point about Ashley Olsen. Her lifestyle brought her into contact with forces and circumstances that cause immeasurable injury or plain snuff out lives across the world every day. And even though Italy, particularly Northern Italy, isn't exactly a failed state, there are plenty of behaviors that can make anyone edge dangerously close to personal oblivion in any country.
This is another reason why the media portrayal of Ashley Olsen is so inexcusable and dangerous. American tourists, disproportionately in harm's way in these situations, are being exposed to heightened risk because almost every outlet is interested in glamorizing stupid women like Olsen, not spelling out the facts of how their lifestyles put them in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When you take drugs and gallivant around a city, even one you have lived in for a few years, you are playing Russian roulette.
Olsen's Instagram account is completely misleading
Where are the real drug-related pictures on Olsen's Instagram? She didn't put them there, of course. People put on Instagram what they want others to see, not scenes of vomiting after reacting to some obscure chemicals in their narcotics. They want to be as fun, wise (in a cool way), and show a life capable of stoking envy in others.
Countless media reports have linked to Olsen's Instagram, contaminating the actual story and with the full knowledge of reporters that the account presents a very satiated image of what her lifestyle really entailed. Regardless, this narrative of hers is being taken as Gospel truth, as if she were some spiritual teacher we could all learn from.
Was Ashley Olsen a good person? Probably. But she is far from the person being lionized in the media and as a society we are failing to teach others about how the world, oftentimes a very troubling place, needs to navigated wisely.
There will be fewer dead people when we put media substance ahead of style
Media outlets gain more money the more they sensationalize. If the facts don't match the desired level of sensationalism, just ditch them, or promote pseudo-stories by selectively discarding some realities while embellishing or making up others. It is hard to imagine, therefore, that these outlets will abruptly have a pang of conscience and start to reflect on the deeper implications of their reporting.
To repeat, Ashley Olsen's victimhood should not prevent us from trying to spare others from her grisly fate. Countless American young men and women need to either come back safely to their families after an overseas holiday or live peaceful, long lives as expatriates. Maybe Olsen would have died anyway, but her drug use and other behaviors made her extremely vulnerable to whatever nefarious individual(s) killed her.
What's a bigger crime: being labeled politically incorrect for exploring hard truths about tourist dangers, or failing to warn people of the danger of certain lifestyle choices in order to stop further tragedies like this? You be the judge.
Read More: Female Ex-Employee Tried To Get $20 Million From Ashley Madison Over “Medical Condition”
You may have seen the series of "Mapping Prejudice" maps by Yanko Tsvetkov, which portray some part of the world as seen by one or another set of stereotypes. For example: Europe according to Germany, Asia according to the USA.
Now Tsvetkov's got a new one: Europe according to Russian President Vladimir Putin. It's actually pretty useful for understanding the ongoing Ukraine crisis, a story that is increasingly shaped by Putin's aggression in Ukraine and his hostility toward Europe. Here's the map:
It really is true that Putin sees the European Union — those blue countries — as a competitor, full of morally depraved countries that are forever plotting against Russia. That might actually be my only suggested change to this map: the EU should really be labeled "Union of Incestual Homosexuals Who Are Conspiring For Russia's Destruction." That logo over Russia, by the way, is the sickle from the old Soviet flag crossed with a Christian Orthodox cross; actually a neat little summary of Putin's brand of Russian nationalism.
Lots in here is referencing the current crisis. Ukraine is divided between the "Old New Russia" east, where Russia is backing the pro-Moscow separatists, and the "Eurofascists" west, the pro-European government of which has been portrayed by Russian media as a crypto-fascist conspiracy. The Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are labeled "Nervous?" in reference to fears that Russia might invade there next; they were formerly part of the Soviet Union and still have significant ethnic Russian populations. And Poland is labeled "drama queens" as a play on the pro-European government's tough rhetoric on Russia's recent aggression.
There's more good stuff going on in this map. Cyprus (the island nation south of Turkey, in the eastern Mediterranean) is labeled "Piggy-Bank" because the country is a huge offshore banking haven for Russians. The Russian city labeled "Sankt Putinburg" is Sochi, location of the recent winter Olympics. Georgia is labeled "SHH!" in reference to the country's disastrous 2008 war with Russia — the little country is also portrayed with some of its breakaway territories as part of Russia.
One of the big themes, appropriately, is Russian grievances with Europe. Putin does appear to see Europe as hypocritical and forever pushing double-standards that shortchange Russia. Serbia is marked "Remember NATO?" because Russia sees the 1990s NATO interventions against the pro-Moscow government there as an illegal invasion that proves Europe's untrustworthiness and desire to destroy anyone friendly to Russia. Norway is labeled "Arctic Imperialists" because Russia is currently competing with it and a few others for control over the Arctic seas being opened by global warming.
Maybe my favorite here is Switzerland, marked "Conference Room" in reference to the many peace negotiations held in Geneva, often with Russia participating: Syria peace talks, Iran nuclear talks, Ukraine peace talks. It's not often you get to make a joke about United Nations peace conferences.
About a year ago, a trip into Swildon's Hole in the U.K.'s Mendip Hills took an unexpected turn. What follows is my first-hand account of just how wrong the Swildon's Short Round trip can go.
Do not involve yourself in the affairs of Dragons!
We were without our regular caving partner Steve as he was off “doing other things” on this particular Wednesday, so it was just the 2 of us (Tony and myself) – we had many plans in place, depending on just who turned up at the Belfry, but by 7pm it was still just the 2 of us, so we decided to venture into Swildon's and have a go at the short round trip. I knew the route pretty well (but not well enough as events will tell).
We arrived at Priddy Green and rapidly kitted up, leaving a call out with my beloved down on the Isle of Wight. Another body turned up from S.B.S.S. who asked us where we were going. We replied “A Scrot about!”, and duly set off across the fields.
The Trip
Entering the cave was as usual, was uneventful, as the water levels were particularly low. We rapidly made our way to the 20′ and set about rigging the ladder and descending. Continuing down the stream way, I found the turn off to the Short Round trip (Tratman's Temple). We burrowed our way through the mud sump – about 6 inches of water (I did explain to Tony how it's not possible to back bail because of the nature of the cave) we meandered around, finding the Double Troubles (no need to bail or set the siphons).
It's surprising that considering you're away from the main stream way just how cold one can get passing the Double troubles, Tony and I have differing methods of passing water obstacles and I must grudgingly admit that his “laying flat on your back” method is far more superior than my “scrabble through on my belly” one!
Passing the double troubles we made our way to Birthday squeeze (best attempted on your back with helmet off) and shuffled through that, Tony managed it with a good deal of huffing, puffing and a fair bit of cussing!
Somehow at this point I got a bit stymied on the route and ended up towards Vicarage passage, We came to Vicarage pot, and I decided that this was obviously not the way on, I'd spotted a hole in the floor that looked as if it went down to the landing a little way back from Vicarage pot, and, as time was inexorably ticking away towards pub time we decided to use it to gain the Landing and stream way in Swildons 2.
I began to carefully descend said pot and was doing ok for the first few meters, gently easing my way down, with my back pressed against the wall and my feet and arms moving slowly, when all of a sudden Isaac Newton's laws of gravity took a hold, net result I landed on the Landing with a crunch, “OH bugger, that's broken my collarbone!” (I'm understating the pain and language used here), I sort of half slithered/fell into the stream way and took a few seconds to realise just where I was. Tony meanwhile had seen my fall and had gingerly followed me onto the landing.
The Rescue
Realizing that we were now in a rescue situation we made a decision to get as far out of the cave as possible, I got Tony to re-rig my belt as a makeshift strap around my collarbone. Pain and adrenalin took over as we made our way upstream to sump one. I had to get Tony to push my legs as I went through sump one and again he was a tower of strength aiding me over the rocks as we slowly made our way out of the cave.
Having gained Swildons 1 I knew what lay ahead in terms of obstacles and was thinking to myself “Right, if we get above Tratman's MRO won't have to search the short round!” – well we achieved that aim and came to rest at the Inclined Rift. I parked myself out of the water and took off my elbow pads to sit on to insulate my bum and put on my hood to keep my inner core temperature up and stave off hypothermia. We did discuss the possibility of Tony returning to surface to raise the alarm, but, as Tony said, “I never bug out on my wingman!” so he stayed put.
I'd expected lights to appear from in front of us (the arrival of rescue!) but we were both surprised to see lights coming from behind us, a party of three (S.B.S.S.) had also been on the short round, they stopped and we explained our situation, they then headed out to raise the alarm as well (by this time we were way beyond call out, and were hoping that best beloved had done the right thing, apparently she thought we were in the pub enjoying a post caving pint), a second party of S.B.S.S. then appeared from behind us and stopped, fortunately one of the members of this party is a paramedic and had some basic 1st aid kit, namely painkillers and a space blanket. Dosed up with painkillers and wrapped in a space blanket we 5 sat and waited for the now inevitable rescue to arrive.
Lights appeared at the top of Barnes loop, Whoop! the cavalry, in the form of Mark Helmore, Rich Marlowe and Sarah Payne, closely followed by Darny and Bob Clay. Rich gave me a quick once over whilst Darny and Sarah got the Heyphone set up. There was talk of what the 1st aid kits used to contain, as by this point both Tony and I were gasping for a fag (which along with the medicinal brandy is no longer in the first aid kit!) – Darny made some quip about “How's about each time you want a fag, I smack you in the face.” To which my reply was “Ok then, I'll wait until we're out!” having ascertained the extent of my injuries and what pain relief had already been administered Rich, the team and myself decided that the stretcher was not an option “You're not a time critical injury” seems to stick in my mind, Some Morphine was administered to me and my now useless arm was immobilized in a sling and we waited for that to take effect.
Caving on a cloud of morphine is wonderful, it takes away the pain, whilst leaving one with faculties enough to deal with the rest of the cave, I was put on a “donkey dick” rope and with help all round got up the stal boss and through Barnes loop, actually the climb back into the stream way was relatively (or so it seemed to me by my now fuzzy mind) straight forward, a step here a hand there and down we go. Next a quick traverse round the double pots (I normally wade into the pots and climb straight up) and onto the 20′. At this point the full body harness was made available and with a few strong bods (cheers Stu and Mark) I flew up and was quickly out of the harness and onto the 8-foot waterfall, a few tugs and heaves and that was dealt with, before long we arrived at the next to the last obstacle – Jacobs Ladder, which was soon disposed of leaving only the entrance to deal with. Normally I enter and exit the cave via the little rift to the right hand side of the entrance, but this time I went under that huge slab of hanging doom above the new hole in the floor that takes all the water.
We then trudged our way back across the fields to Priddy Green, Rescue control, and for some at least, hot drinks and biscuits courtesy of the Pewers, I got a slurp of much welcome coffee, but alas no more “Oy, no more for you!” and cadged a fag off one of the rescue team, that was well-earned, thanks young lad. By now the rest of the rescue team were emerging and depositing all the kit that had been taken over to aid me out (fortunately the “Little Dragon” and dreaded stretcher had not been used) and the troops made their weary ways home leaving me with Rich and Ali Moody to await the arrival of the ambulance.
The ambulance had been delayed on another call and when it did turn up the crew were a little incredulous as to the events that had led them to Priddy Green in the early hours of the morning, even more so when I began to strip out of my caving grots, “Ere fellah, grab that sleeve and give it a tug will you?” even stopping to towel my feet off and change into civilised dry clothes, as Rich did his casualty hand over. Another dose of Morphine and a quick discussion about the best way to get to Weston General “Its your call Bath or Weston.”, “Well we're pointing to Weston, Down the Gorge and I expect your sat nag will take you the rest of the way!” and off we went.
My heart-felt thanks to all who came to my rescue, there WILL be beer for all involved when I see you at the Hunters! I'll close just there and not bore you all with what went on in the Casualty department.
Followup
It's taken nigh on ten months(sic) and a few trips to have a look at sump one (thanks Hope, Kat, and others) to finally exorcise my Swildons daemon!
Net Result and Lessons Learned:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nick Clegg and David Cameron had just answered questions from the public
Nick Clegg has laughed off unguarded comments to David Cameron that they agree on too many things as "banter".
The deputy prime minister made the jokey aside at the end of a question and answer session - but it was picked up on a microphone he was wearing.
He told the PM: "If we keep doing this we won't find anything to bloody disagree on in the bloody TV debate."
He admitted to BBC Radio Sheffield that he was embarrassed by the remark and the press coverage it had received.
"Yeah, I cringed when I saw it," Mr Clegg said.
"It just shows you can't afford to make tongue-in-cheek remarks with a microphone on your lapel. I mean, look, it's just a bit of banter."
Public fights
At the end of a public meeting at the Boots factory in Nottingham, Mr Cameron told their audience that the event may have been "a bit better natured between the two of us" than the TV debates would be during the 2015 election campaign.
But as the two men walked out of the meeting together, Mr Clegg began chatting privately to Mr Cameron, apparently forgetting that his TV microphone was switched on.
The Lib Dem leader has resisted calls from some in his party to pick more public fights with the prime minister to assert his independence.
But his unguarded comment suggests he is anxious not to appear too close to the Conservative leader when the two take part in the expected televised debates at the next general election.
Mr Clegg agreed with Mr Cameron on every subject that was raised in Thursday's question and answer session - from Libya to NHS reforms - apart from May's referendum on changing the voting system, on which they have agreed to differ.
Mr Clegg also came to the defence of Chancellor George Osborne's cut in fuel duty - and insisted it was part of a wider government strategy to boost the economy.
He said: "We just hope all of these things, when you put them together will get the wheels of the economy really moving again but also crucially will help people as they face these difficult times and these high costs."
Mr Clegg and Mr Cameron - who famously cemented the coalition agreement with a joint press conference in the Downing Street rose garden in May - have both continued to hold their own public meetings around the UK.
They have rationed joint appearances like the one at the Boots factory amid concerns among their backbench MPs and grassroots members that they are too close and will struggle to establish separate identities at the next election after working together for so long in government.
Earlier this month, Lib Dem president Tim Farron warned the party was in danger of losing its identity in coalition with the Conservatives - and urged Mr Clegg to take a "spikier" approach towards Mr Cameron by playing up policy differences between them.
Libya: at least six dice in fighting near Benghazi
Heavy fighting erupted over the weekend between forces from Libya's recognised government and Islamist militants west of Benghazi, killing at least six people and heightening tensions in UN peace negotiations.
Benghazi is just one front in a wider conflict in Libya, where a battle between two rival governments and their armed allies is pushing the north African state to economic collapse, four years after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi.
At least six people were killed and ten wounded when fighting broke out on Saturday west of Benghazi between General Khalifa Haftar's Libyan National Army forces and fighters allied to Islamic State, a medical source and local residents said.
The fighting between General Khalifa Haftar's Libyan National Army forces and fighters who are allied to Islamic State broke out on Saturday and involved artillery shelling and airstrikes, according to a medical source and local people.
Mohamed Hejazi, a spokesman for Haftar's forces, said they had launched a campaign against positions in Benghazi, which has been caught up in fighting for more than year.
Western governments see the best solution in a United Nations-backed peace deal to bring the two sides together in a united power-sharing agreement. But fighting and pressure from hardliners on both sides have complicated negotiations.
The United Nations and US and European envoys criticised the increase in hostilities just before the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, and urged the two factions to finish the UN-backed deal. UN envoy Bernardino Leon had originally set yesterday as a deadline for negotiations to conclude.
“This escalation of violence underscores the urgent need to complete the political dialogue process as soon as possible,” a US-EU joint statement said.
Four years after their uprising toppled Gaddafi, two loose factions of former rebels and their political allies who once fought together have turned against each other in a battle for control of the Opec state.
Tripoli was taken over a year ago by Libya Dawn, an alliance of Islamist-leaning brigades and former rebels from the powerful city of Misrata who set up a self-declared government in the capital and reinstated a former parliament known as the General National Congress or GNC.
Since then, Libya's internationally recognised government and the elected parliament, the House of Representatives, has operated out of the east of the country, backed by Haftar's forces and a loose alliance of other armed factions.
Islamist militants and migrant smugglers have taken advantage of the turmoil to gain ground even as the United Nations and the European Union warn the country is edging toward becoming a failed state.
UN talks are continuing in the Moroccan city of Skhirat, but both factions from the House of Representatives and the GNC Tripoli parliament warned of growing tensions after the increase in Benghazi fighting.
“Our team in Skhirat is studying suspending our participation in the peace talks because of the military escalation in Benghazi,” Abdulrahman Swahili, a GNC parliament member told Nabaa TV.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
I began a mini-experiment after the election: Facebook-friend every Trump voter I interviewed this year. I hope to dish up more diverse political views for our readers, and to inspire Facebook's algorithm to deliver different news sources to my feed. I also want to keep reporting on voters' reactions after the election—to see how their views change over time and if mine do, too.
Since I started, Facebook has weathered a storm of criticism for its role in amplifying fake news and reinforcing the isolation of our political bubbles. Zeynep Tufekci, a University of North Carolina sociologist, wrote in the New York Times last week that Facebook's algorithm “chooses which updates appear higher up in users' news feeds and which are buried.” The problem? “Humans already tend to cluster among like-minded people and seek news that confirms their biases.” Facebook prioritizes content that users find “comforting,” Tufekci wrote.
What is missing is that bracing, even essential discomfort of democracy—something I want injected into my feed more regularly.
My Facebook recruits are self-selecting, so clearly they don't broadly represent Trump supporters. They turned up at politically charged events, in Cleveland for July's Republican convention and outside Trump Tower itself in New York on Election Day. They are also voters who said yes to being interviewed on camera after I asked them (usually because my videographer-guts told me they'd talk—and, yes, perform well on camera).
Facebook and email discussions have already offered insightful speculation about the election, which I will share as I continue to monitor how—and if—my news feed changes as a result of my new friends.
Charles Juedemann (pictured here with his wife, Gloria): “The news is still saying that the uneducated people elected Trump. I wish I could give them a piece of my mind,” wrote Charles Juedemann, a retiree and Trump voter from Union, Missouri, whom I met in New York with his wife Gloria on Election Day. “I am an Electrical Engineer and Gloria has her specialist degree. Maybe we are a minority Trump supporter but I assure you, calling people uneducated is not the way to their heart.”
According to early analysis of exit polls, Trump rode a wave of support among white working-class voters in the Midwest to win the election. “The working people of the United States stood up and voted,” Juedemann wrote in a follow-up email. “I think many Americans felt we were losing identity and wanted to keep America as it was, where people worked and built things and contributed to the overall good of a Nation.”
Juedemann thinks voters like him are being divided and unfairly maligned by the press. He continues to be angered by Hillary Clinton's description of some Trump supporters as “deplorable” during a September fundraiser. The media “claim racism, then education, then gender, then misunderstanding of the political process, and on and on,” he said. “Mr. Trump never said anything about the people who supported Hillary. He did not call them uneducated or deplorable. He did not place himself above other citizens.”
“I invite you to come to visit us. We have the room and you could visit and see how someone in the Midwest lives and works,” Juedemann added. “You would be welcomed.”
Keith Kokal: I met Keith Kokal, from Timblerlake, Ohio, during the Republican convention in Cleveland earlier this year. He has never been on Facebook except to post his profile picture, so we chatted by email. “I am so glad to see a non-lawyer, outsider is going to be our next President!” he wrote.
Kokal, a manager at a plant that makes laboratory instruments, told me he is in the process of expanding his business as a result of the Trump victory. “The day after the election I ordered another machine for about $100,000 to support the future of manufacturing in the USA,” he wrote. “I wanted to buy this machine but if that lying bitch got elected I would hold off until another year of so if I felt better about my country.”
Tim Graney: Perhaps the most enthusiastic of my new Facebook contacts is Tim Graney, a technology developer from Katy, Texas. He regularly posts long, detailed comments to my feed about the need for America to radically slash the size of government, reduce taxes and return power to the states. “I'm still waiting for the 25 percent of federal employees who were going to quit if Trump won. That would be a great start to cutting government programs and spending,” he wrote—inspiring spirited criticism from one of my friends who argued for the benefits of unionism and government-subsidized health care. “We may be about to discover that our entire government is about to be redefined in how it operates,” Graney observed. “Sometimes doing the same process for 40 years is the best practice—sometimes it's not. Times are a changing!”
Jennifer Beckcom: A new addition to my Facebook feed, Beckcom was happy to get involved in my experiment to share different political perspectives. I met Beckcom, who describes herself as a housewife and local Republican activist from Texas, in Cleveland during the GOP convention. “It is the only way we can figure out how best to solve the many issues we all face,” she said. “Echo chambers are dangerous but I will warn you, once you step out of it, you will be shocked.”
Getty Images
LOS ANGELES — The final score at Staples Center on Tuesday night showed a Lakers victory, 116-95.
Other numbers revealed a devastating Lakers loss.
The Lakers' 320-game home sellout streak ended when Staples wound up 571 spectators shy of the 18,997 capacity for the game against the New Orleans Pelicans.
A Lakers game not selling out?! It hadn't happened for seven years (Dec. 6, 2006 against the Oklahoma City/New Orleans Hornets). That was so long ago that the NBA was using what wound up as a temporary new microfiber composite basketball—and Smush Parker, Kwame Brown, Luke Walton and Lamar Odom joined Kobe Bryant in the Lakers' starting lineup.
Nothing so far in this Kobe-less Lakers season—led by an out-of-shape Pau Gasol and a semi-limping Steve Nash—has been as interesting as the Lakers not being able to sell their tickets.
It speaks to how dependent the team has become on the star power of Bryant, recovering from his Achilles tears at age 35, and how dangerously close the Lakers are to losing the attention of a local fanbase that loves winners but always has the entertainment industry to turn to anyway.
Andrew D. Bernstein/Getty Images
Coincidentally, Forbes published a story about how the Lakers three years ago had an average ticket price on the secondary market $150 higher than the Clippers—but that margin has been cut to $70 now. The Lakers have dropped behind both the Heat and Knicks in average ticket price on the secondary market.
According to TiqIQ.com, you can get a seat for the next Lakers home game Friday night against Memphis for just $20. With another nondescript opponent, Detroit, coming in Sunday night, you can attend that game for $17.
The Lakers' performance Tuesday night was an example of how fans can get some bang for small bucks. Even though the starting lineup of Steve Blake, Jodie Meeks, Wesley Johnson, Jordan Hill and Gasol would look even worse on the marquee than that 2006 group with Bryant, the Lakers rode Hill's relentlessness and defensive effort to an easy victory. Athletic wing Xavier Henry provided a pyrotechnic dunk—rising so high his waist neared New Orleans 7-footer Jeff Withey's collarbone—with the Lakers up by 22 points late in the third quarter, a moment no one in the arena will soon forget.
But Hill and Henry are not mountains on any landscape. They are just faces in a big crowd of Lakers who play: In the first nine games, 10 different guys have been in the starting lineup, none named Bryant. Six different starting lineups. No position has had the same starter every game.
Lakers coach Mike D'Antoni has turned to Hill, whom Gasol has been asking D'Antoni to grant more opportunity, to establish a level of energy and effort that makes the Lakers go for it.
And if Dwight Howard had played through his physical imperfections last season with as much zest as Hill played through the bone bruise in his right knee Tuesday night, it's safe to say the 2012-13 Lakers would've enjoyed enough success to keep selling Staples out now.
The 2012-13 Lakers didn't win a single game in the playoffs, and then Howard further stuck it to them by signing with Houston despite the Lakers' pathetic “Stay” campaign. Despite a big opening victory over the Clippers and another in Houston on Thursday, D'Antoni has failed to give the 2013-14 Lakers a particular identity with Bryant perhaps still be a month away from his season debut.
The hope remains that D'Antoni can tap into consistent energy from these guys in a highly watchable, fast-passing, open-shooting system that was one of the business reasons Jerry and Jim Buss were drawn to the idea D'Antoni replacing Mike Brown as coach.
But much like these Lakers trying to be relevant without championship aspirations, sometimes D'Antoni doesn't know if he's coming or going.
Just Tuesday night, D'Antoni twice had to stop himself mid-sentence as he tried to be both honest and delicate about the Lakers' fragile state and low expectations.
Andrew D. Bernstein/Getty Images
Before the game, D'Antoni was talking about Nash, 39, being sidelined again with a nerve root problem: “He's had a rem—” and then he quickly amended it to say: “He's in the middle of a remarkable career.”
After the game, D'Antoni began: “If we want to win and try to be a serious...,” then stopped himself and changed it to: “...get into the playoffs, then this is what have have to do.”
Those 2006-07 Lakers, who did sell out most of their games with Bryant averaging 31.6 points per game for the season? They made the playoffs with a 42-40 record and won one playoff game. It was all so fulfilling that an irate Bryant demanded a trade that summer.
The guy does have a way of keeping it interesting.
And when he begins his against-the-odds comeback—an unpredictable saga that might well parallel Hemingway having to write 47 alternate endings to A Farewell to Arms—the Lakers will become must-see stuff all over again to see how Bryant does.
(KUTV) Three missionaries with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, all from Utah, have been "seriously injured" in the Brussels airports, LDS Church officials reported Tuesday morning. A fourth missionary from France was also treated for minor injuries, authorities say.
Bombs struck the Brussels airport and one of the city's metro stations, killing at least 31 people and wounding dozens of others.
Posted by Jef Versele on Tuesday, March 22, 2016
Officials know of two airport blasts and claim a suicide bomber was involved in at least one, leaving behind a chaotic scene as walls and ceilings collapsed and travelers streamed out of the building.
The injured missionaries are identified as:
Elder Richard Norby (66) of Lehi, Utah
Elder Joseph Empey (20) of Santa Clara, Utah
Elder Mason Wells (19) of Sandy, Utah
Fanny Rachel Clain (20) ofMontélimar, France
RELATED:
According to church spokespeople, the three missionaries had been accompanying a fourth missionary, 20-year-old Sister Fanny Rachel Clain, of Montélimar, France, who was headed to a mission assignment in Ohio and had already passed through airport security at the time of the explosions. Clain was hospitalized for minor injuries after the blast, church officials say.
The missionaries are serving in the Paris, France mission, officials say.
A family member of Joseph Empey told 2NEWS they have spoked to him on the phone several times this morning, and he is in the hospital and has 2nd Degree burns awaiting surgery. According to family members, Empey said he was grateful to be alive.
Friends of Mason Wells say he was nearing the end of his two-year missionary service. Neighbors and church leaders were at the Wells home in Sandy as the family awaited updates from their son.
According to friends of Wells, the missionary and his mother had also been present at the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013.
This is a developing story. 2News will provide updates as more information becomes available.
2News' Jeremy Harris contributed to this report.
Follow us on Twitter and for breaking news, updates and more.
Change has come to your neighborhood coffee shop. Maybe you've heard the names: Kopplin's, Dogwood, Angry Catfish, Urban Bean, Bull Run, Blue Ox.
Like craft beer and craft cocktails, coffee is experiencing an artisanal spring.
With that comes a new sense of intimidation for those of us who just figured out what "venti" means. Some of these small shops have a seriousness of purpose that easily can tip over into snobbish superiority.
Still, I find myself enamoured of the process -- the sourcing of the beans, the roasting, the slo-mo ritual of the "pour-over." All of which culminates in the thing that matters most: a better taste. It's like discovering Surly after drinking Miller Lite all your life.
The movement of expertly sourced beans and professional baristas began brewing last decade in such coffee-centric cities as Seattle and New York. Here in the Twin Cities, many point to Kopplin's in St. Paul as ushering in our own revolution in 2006.
I like the atmosphere at Quixotic in St. Paul's Highland Park neighborhood. Inside, you'll hear the familiar hiss of the espresso machine, the flush of the steamer. Micah Svejda manages baristas who regularly compete in regional competitions. They're serious but not snobbish. They field my dumb questions with quiet benevolence.
Svejda, 30, remembers being in high school when the barista profession caught his eye.
"There was a lot of mystery to it that I didn't understand," he said. "I remember buying an espresso and it being this really complex and rich thing. That intrigued me. It was made from the same ingredients as regular coffee, but radically different."
In the coffee industry, the movement that shops like Quixotic belong to is sometimes called the Third Wave. The First Wave took place in the 1940s, when canned coffee became the rage. The Second Wave was the birth of Starbucks in the 1980s.
Svejda prefers philosophy to terminology. So-called Third Wave shops, he says, have one thing in common: an uncompromising devotion to quality. This manifests itself in three areas: beans, equipment and technique.
The buying and roasting of good beans is pretty complicated. Most of these shops rely on trusted importers and roasters who have personal relationships with farmers half a world away. St. Paul is home to Cafe Imports, one of the country's largest specialty importers. On a much smaller scale is Dogwood, Minneapolis' most acclaimed roaster (it also has a coffee shop in Uptown's Calhoun Square). Dogwood's operation is Minnesota-based, but its ambitions are large. This year, the company's Stephanie Ratanas has met with farmers in Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala and Indonesia.
"You can't get that kind of knowledge by just sitting here and looking around on the Internet," she said.
Roasting technique can make or break a bean, Ratanas said. Starbucks popularized the dark roast, but the darker the roast, the easier it is to cook away imperfections. Dogwood works solely with lighter roasts. They are harder to perfect, Ratanas says, but produce a broader flavor spectrum.
Pour over or not to pour over
At Quixotic recently, I had a cup that came from Burundi, in central Africa. Light-roasted beans from this part of the world tend to have a "brighter" taste -- meaning the acidity (and its natural sweetness) is more pronounced. The cup cost me $2.75, but specialty beans may push the price above $5.
The equipment used in these shops can get expensive. The $11,000 Clover machine (renowned for brewing a single uniform cup) was all the rage a few years ago until Starbucks bought its maker in 2008.
The apparatus might be extreme, but the espresso menu is typically parsed down to the bare essentials: espresso, latte (with latte art!), maybe a mocha. No "condiments," so don't expect to order a caramel drizzle peppermint white chocolate mocha thingy.
When it comes to a simple cup of coffee, a handful of shops has ditched the high-end machinery for the much-hyped pour-over method. The cone-filter setup should be familiar to anyone who's made coffee at home, but the technique and Japanese-designed tools are not. The time-consuming details (pre-wetting the filter, blooming the grounds, swirling ever-so precisely) is almost surgical. The kid at Caribou could pump out 25 cups from the drip tower in the same amount of time.
"If you want to serve lots of coffee to a lot of people, there are quicker options," Svejda said. Is all this pomp and fuss worth it? Yes, it is. I'm a convert. But, apparently, it's the little things that still confound me.
When I ordered an espresso at Quixotic some months ago, the barista immediately whipped out a metallic soda siphon and handed me a small glass of fresh sparkling water. She then turned away to make my order.
There I stood, frozen in bewilderment.
What was I supposed to do with this carbonated water? I didn't dare ask her and embarrass myself.
One of the first minis I painted from the Dark Imperium boxed set. I really liked the look of all the minis in the set. I painted a bunch more, but I've been working on them constantly instead of posting anything new here.
This is the first time I used shapeways shoulder emblems and they are pretty detailed. I wished I glued them more intelligently when i first got them though. Instead of the smart way of doing it, I put glue on the tiny emblem in between my fingers which ended up on my fingers also, then tried to place it properly on the shoulder in the few seconds the zap-a-gap dries and glues it in place.
Since then I figured out that placing the emblem in place first then using zap-a-gap's thin consistency to flow between the shoulder and emblem way better. Just have to quickly wick away the excess and then do a little scraping for clean up. Sadly on this mini i got the emblems after i painted everything else.
Advertisements
The effect of spaceflight on a microscopic worm — Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans) — could help it to live longer.
The discovery was made by an international group of scientists studying the loss of bone and muscle mass experienced by astronauts after extended flights in space. The results of this research have been published July 5 2012, in the online journal Scientific Reports.
Dr Nathaniel Szewczyk, from The University of Nottingham, was part of the ICE-FIRST project which involved scientists from Japan, France, the US, and Canada. They discovered that spaceflight suppressed accumulation of toxic proteins that normally accumulate within aging muscle. They also discovered a group of genes that are expressed at lower levels during spaceflight. When the expression of these same genes were lowered in worms back on Earth the worms lived longer.
Dr Szewczyk, an expert in muscle metabolism, said: “We identified seven genes, which were down-regulated in space and whose inactivation extended lifespan under laboratory conditions.”
How do these genes play a role in longevity control?
“We are not entirely certain, but it would appear that these genes are involved in how the worm senses the environment and signals changes in metabolism in order to adapt to the environment. For example, one of the genes we have identified encodes insulin which, because of diabetes, is well known to be associated with metabolic control. In worms, flies, and mice insulin is also associated with modulation of lifespan.”
What could this mean for space travellers?
“Well, most of us know that muscle tends to shrink in space. These latest results suggest that this is almost certainly an adaptive response rather than a pathological one. Counter-intuitively, muscle in space may age better than on Earth. It may also be that spaceflight slows the process of aging.”
Dr Szewczyk's role was to provide expertise in the culturing of worms in CeMM — special liquid food for worms. Dr Szewczyk transported the samples to and from the Russian launch site and ran a series of ‘health' checks to ensure that the tiny astronauts were fit for flying. On their return he helped with the analysis of the data.
Nottingham's space biology lab
Dr Szewczyk studies the signals that control muscle protein degradation in the human body. C. elegans is the perfect substitute for studying long-term changes in human physiology because they suffer from muscle atrophy — muscle loss — under many of the same conditions that people do.
C. elegans was the first multi-cellular organism to have its genetic structure completely mapped and many of its 20,000 genes perform the same functions as those in humans. Two thousand of these genes have a role in promoting muscle function and 50 to 60 per cent of these have very obvious human counterparts.
When the research began Dr Szewczyk was working at NASA. He is now based at The University of Nottingham's MRC and Arthritis Research UK Centre for Musculoskeletal Ageing Research. He is one of the leading scientists studying ‘worms in space' and his lab is currently the most productive ‘space biology' lab in the UK.
The experiment in 2004 involved a consignment of live worms being despatched to the International Space Station (ISS) onboard the Dutch DELTA mission.
He uses worms which originate from a rubbish dump in Bristol. C. elegans often feed on decaying fruit and vegetable matter.
They have since taken part in five spaceflights to the ISS with the aim of learning more about the effect of microgravity on the physiology of the human body.
Notably, in 2003 Dr Szewczyk's C. elegans made the news when they survived the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster. Living in petri dishes and enclosed in aluminium canisters the worms survived re-entry and impact on the ground and were recovered weeks after the disaster.
This spaceflight work teaches us things about the body that we couldn't learn on Earth. They have led to the publication of research into how to block muscle degradation using a form of gene therapy in PLoS ONE and publication of a muscle repair mechanism in PLoS Genetics. The work on C. elegans has also established that worms can live and reproduce for at least six months in space. This makes it an ideal and cost-effective experimental system to investigate the effects of long duration and distance space exploration as recently reported in Interface, a journal of The Royal Society. Together these missions have established that the team is not only better able to understand how muscle works on Earth but they are also in a position to send worms to other planets and experiment on them along the way.
Astronaut now being studied
Another member of the Centre's team is currently examining the effects of spaceflight upon the muscles of the current European record holder for time spent in space.
Andre Kuipers, the Dutch astronaut who flew the mission in 2004, has just returned from ISS with yet another worm experiment from space for the team at Nottingham and is also, himself, being studied.
That experiment, led by Professor Marco Narici, is to study the effects of long-duration spaceflight on human muscle.
The director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that worker safety guidelines were not followed at the Dallas hospital where a nurse became infected with Ebola in the course of treating a Liberian man who died from the disease on Oct. 8. The director, Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, did not identify what the failure was, but suggested there should be further investigation of certain aspects of the care by Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital.
Here is what the C.D.C. recommends for health care workers on its website. Pages from the C.D.C.'s Ebola site. Within the dozens of pages of Ebola information, the instructions for health care workers include a summary of the personal protective equipment that must be worn: Gloves
Fluid-resistant or impermeable gown
Goggles or a face shield
Face mask over the nose and mouth They also suggest that in “certain situations” that involve large amounts of blood, vomit or other fluids, more protective equipment might be required such as a second pair of gloves, shoe covers and leg covers. In his news conference, Dr. Frieden suggested that two procedures used in the treatment of Mr. Duncan were unusual for an Ebola patient and merited review: respiratory intubation and dialysis. These procedures can spread contaminated material.
Detailed Guidance on Protective Gear Within this dense set of guidelines, there are sections on gloves, gowns, goggles, face shields and masks. Here is a short excerpt: “While there is little difference in the barrier properties of unused intact gloves, studies have shown repeatedly that vinyl gloves have higher failure rates than latex or nitrile gloves when tested under simulated and actual clinical conditions.”
How Police Listen to You Part 4: Range-R, the Device That Helps Cops See Through Walls
Thibault Serlet
Police can now see through walls.
The fact such technology exists should hardly come as a surprise considering America's seemingly never-ending race to become a dystopian police state. Using a small portable microwave radar known as the RANGE-R, police can identify the location of people and objects behind walls.
How is RANGE-R Used?
In order to determine the locations of the occupants of a building, all an officer has to do is hold the RANGE-R against the wall. The distances of all moving objects within a 160° range is then revealed to the user via the device's LED screen. This allows police to tell if anyone is hiding inside a building, perhaps with the intention of ambushing officers.
How Does RANGE-R Work?
According to its manufacturer, the RANGE-R weights less than two pounds and is powered by 4 standard AA batteries. The devices cost roughly $2000 each.
The RANGE-R is a standard Doppler Radar modified for indoor use, similar to the ones used by traffic enforcement in speed traps. When the RANGE-R is pressed against a wall, it emits a series of brief microwave pulses. Whenever the pulses hit an object, a small fraction of the microwave is bounced back towards the device. The device then calculates the distance of the objects by measuring the amount of time it takes for the signal being bounced back to return to the radar.
Microwave has a low enough frequency that it can easily penetrate through thick concrete walls, but will not penetrate metal. The manufacturers believe that RANGE-R will not be significantly impeded by metal-embedded materials such as rebar.
In order to detect motion, the RANGE-R sends multiple pulses into the room being targeted. Static objects will always have the same bounce back time, while moving objects will have slightly different frequency over time. This allows the RANGE-R to detect motion with precision, and thus distinguish people from stationary objects. The RANGE-R's motion detection is sensitive enough to detect an individual breathing as far as 50 feet behind a brick wall.
Objects are finally classified into two categories: movers and breathers. Stationary objects are discarded. Breathers are objects which are only slightly moving, while movers are moving significantly.
History of Use
RANGE-Rs have been in use since 2012. Although the extent of RANGE-R technology's use is unknown, Justice Department Spokesman Patrick Rodenbush said that Federal Marshals routinely use RANGE-R to execute arrest warrants. The Federal Marshals are believed to have spent as much as $180,000 on RANGE-Rs.
Use of RANGE-Rs was an open secret until the December 30 2014 Federal Court ruling United States of America vs Steven J. Denson. After Denson, convicted for armed robbery, missed several meetings with his probation officer, a SWAT team raided his residence. The SWAT officers determined Denson was inside his house by using RANGE-R, and proceeded to carry out their arrest warrant. Inside the house, they found a stash of illegal firearms. After the raid, Denson sued in the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals that the officers had violated his Fourth Amendment right by deploying the handheld doppler radars. The court ruled against Denson's favor.
According to USA Today's groundbreaking report on the topic, at least 50 agencies including the FBI are confirmed to posses RANGE-R or similar technology.
The coalition forces in Iraq and Afghanistan have been using similar technology when conducting raids for years.
The Dangers It Poses to American Freedoms
There are currently no Federal rules or guidelines restricting the use of RANGE-R and similar technology. Privacy advocates are concerned that the lack of regulation means law enforcement will be tempted to use the technology with impunity.
The ACLU argues that the use of similar technologies erodes the Fourth Amendment. Use of RANGE-R supports the hypothesis that all technological evils are first used for good.
Currently the manufacturer boasts that new iterations of the technology are far more sophisticated and are capable of generating real time 3D models of the inside of a building.
As the technology progresses, the possibilities become increasingly alarming. In the near future, a police department will be able to use large-scale doppler scanning to determine the positions off all the occupants within an entire neighborhood and analyze them using BRS technology. Once BRS is combined with persistent interior doppler scanning, it will effectively as if the state had cameras inside every room of every house.
Arguing for the continued expansion of radars which scan the interiors of buildings eventually becomes equivalent to arguing there should be a surveillance camera and microphone inside every house. At least cameras can be covered, and microphones detected. This isn't the case for BRS.
Possible Countermeasures
The manufacturers admit that RANGE-R isn't capable of penetrating metal walls. However, coating walls with metal or metal fragments isn't an option for most people.
Slightly easier than protecting all possible attack surfaces might be the use of chaff. During WW2, pilots would drop small pieces of metal from their airplanes to jam enemy radar. Chaff is widely used as a detection countermeasure by armies around the world, although it has been made mostly irrelevant since the invention of space-time adaptive processing. To make chaff, aluminum foil can be cut into small strips and attached to the surface to be protected. Do not use tin foil!
Both countermeasures described above are perfectly legal in the United States. The one described in this paragraph is legal in most countries, but illegal in America. Because RANGE-R and similar doppler radars use microwaves, frequency jamming could be used. The easiest way to do this is by turning on 3-4 kitchen microwaves at the same time. A more technically advanced solution would be to use a device such as a modified IMSI-catcher.
Stay safe, and whatever you do, don't break the law.
If you wanna stay updated on privacy related news and philosophy, check out our Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisements
feature The chief executive officer of upstart telco MyRepublic has described the Coalition's move to significantly water down Labor's National Broadband Network vision as “criminal”, mourning the loss of the “marvellous” universal fibre dream promoted by the previous Labor Government.
MyRepublic was formed in 2011 as a new broadband provider in Singapore by telco and network specialists Malcolm Rodrigues and KC Lai. The company quickly shot to prominence in the island state through providing unlimited broadband plans at 100Mbps speeds over Singapore's Next-Gen National Broadband Network, which is based on the Fibre to the Premises network rollout model.
The company has also launched in New Zealand and is planning to launch in Australia in the second quarter of 2016.
Rodrigues — the company's chief executive — generated a large amount of headlines last week with controversial comments made to the Financial Review newspaper, in which he alleged the Coalition's Multi-Technology Mix approach to the NBN was “shit”, and that the Coalition Government had “completely stuffed” the project. The comments were quickly denounced by the NBN company and Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Asked about the instant reaction in an interview with Delimiter later in the week, the good-natured Rodrigues chuckles and notes that he suspected his comments had “struck a nerve”.
The executive says he has some experience of dealing with Minister Turnbull. When the Liberal MP was in Opposition, he notes, the pair spent half a day together in Singapore, during a broadband fact-finding mission which the then-Shadow Minister had engaged in throughout Asia.
Rodrigues says he has “a lot of respect” for the Minister, who he describes as a “smart guy”. He notes that Minister Turnbull may not always be able to pursue the path he would like to — in his Cabinet role he has a lot of “handcuffs” on him.
However, the executive notes that even at that stage, in Opposition, the Member for Wentworth didn't see the need for universal fibre as Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Communications Minister Stephen Conroy did.
“He said, ‘I don't know what anyone will do with 100Mbps, I think 20Mbps is fine',” says Rodrigues.
The executive says that he understands where Minister Turnbull would be coming from with such comments. However, throughout some parts of Asia, he notes, even 100Mbps speeds are obsolete. In Singapore, gigabit speeds have become common following the country's own NBN rollout. If customers really didn't want those speeds they could buy 500Mbps plans instead, Rodrigues notes.
In Australia, there is sharp disagreement between the major political parties on the topic of the National Broadband Network. Since 2009, Labor's policy has focused on near-universal Fibre to the Premises throughout Australia. The Coalition has had a number of alternative policies, before settling to the Multi-Technology Mix of HFC cable, Fibre to the Node and Fibre to the Premises.
Rodrigues notes that the political dynamic in his company's two main countries of focus, Singapore and New Zealand, has been dramatically different around broadband to that in Australia.
“In New Zealand … everybody supports it, they know this is critical to the future of the country,” he says. “There is no debate on copper or alternate technologies.” For its part, Singapore developed an ‘Intelligent Nation 2015' masterplan. Rodrigues notes that back in 2005 the country realised it needed to move away from its past and reskill its workforce, develop broadband infrastructure, datacentres, invest in the high-value banking sector, to create a high-level economy.
“They have this huge plan, which is all underpinned by having this connectivity,” he says. “Not only have they built the NBN, but they have a very strong approach on how to leverage the digital economy. Venture capitalists are coming here. Startups are coming a mile a minute.” A whole environment was created in Singapore that sustains the intent to develop its digital economy, Rodrigues says.
“In some other countries, the intent was there — but it somehow has been lost,” he says.
The executive describes building a fibre NBN as like constructing a beautiful house overlooking a lake. “Then,” he says, referring to the Coalition's new model, “someone came in and said ‘it's too expensive, we can do it cheaper'. The mandate is not to fulfil the dream of the vision, it's to build it cheaper. Now you don't get a brick house overlooking the lake — now it's made of bamboo in the forest.”
From a foreign perspective, Rodrigues says the previous Government's plan to build an all-fibre NBN was “marvellous”, with Australia waving the flag for NBN infrastructure across the entire region.
Now, he said, the Government has “lost their way”. “They started off building a superhighway, now they're building a cobblestone street,” he said. “Because they didn't know why they were building the superhighway in the first place, the cobblestone street looks OK.”
According to Rodrigues, the reality of the NBN is that the current Government is looking to spend $30 billion or so on a platform that he described as “useless”. “It's criminal,” he said. “They would have been better off to spend $90 billion and build it [fibre] everywhere.”
Rodrigues said he accepted that some countries would see themselves as being focused on different sectors — countries of “farmers and miners” rather than technology specialists. “If you make that decision, then that's fine,” he says.
However, ultimately the executive believes the global nature of the economy is accelerating beyond this kind of paradigm. “Because of the global nature of where the economy is going, all your consumption will happen online,” he says. “Chinese retailers or American retailers — online. People will be forced to leave the country to get meaningful jobs and a meaningful education. You may think you're a mining resources country, but the reality is the world is changing.”
Not everyone has the same overwhelmingly positive view of Fibre to the Premises that Rodrigues has. Globally, it is true that a mix of technologies is being used for broadband networks. Fibre to the Node is particularly popular throughout Europe, and is the dominant technology being used to upgrade BT's copper network in the UK, for example, while HFC cable is very popular throughout the United States.
However, Rodrigues has a message for Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who has regularly talked up the potential to get high speeds over Fibre to the Node.
“If he gets 90Mbps to everybody then I will come down and apologise in person,” says Rodrigues. “If you're getting 90Mbps you're probably sitting in the office next to the equipment and there's no external conditions. If you're one metre away from the node, it all looks good.”
“You go a kilometre away from the exchange, you could get 40Mbps, 2km away — you'll get 15Mbps. The Chorus guys [in New Zealand] — they're building the same technology — the most they'll promise is 17Mbps per second. if you get 3km away, you'll get nowhere near that speed.”
“If he believes — if his technology guys think they can get 90 megabits per second on FTTN, then they've never built networks. What he's doing is building a grass hut to meet commitments in the election.”
And in the long-term, Rodrigues believes, Australia will turn back to the universal fibre path.
“I don't think anybody's mean or not smart — they've started and have done down a path and it's the wrong path. At some point they'll realise they're in the wrong place and they'll back up,” he says. “At that point, East Timor will have 1Gbps to the home, New Zealand will have 1Gbps to the home.”
“I think the reality is Australia will find their way. People will complain about FTTN, [saying] ‘You told me 90Mbps but I'm getting 4Mbps'. At some point they'll kind of realise — as businesses start leaving the country and moving to NZ — and there'll be a gradual policy change.”
Image credit: MyRepublic
Boston officials are exploring the potential impacts of so-called "safe injection sites" where drug addicts can use heroin under medical supervision.The City Council has called a Monday hearing in City Hall. It comes as the Massachusetts Medical Society is urging state officials to open at least two safe injection sites. The state Department of Public Health says an average of six people a day have fatally overdosed on opioids in 2017, making it the state's top cause of accidental death so far this year. City Councilors Anissa Essaibi-George and Frank Baker, who requested the hearing, say safe injection sites reduced fatal opioid overdoses by 35 percent in Vancouver, Canada. But the councilors also say the sites are "controversial and wrought with medical, ethical and legal questions" communities should explore.
Boston officials are exploring the potential impacts of so-called "safe injection sites" where drug addicts can use heroin under medical supervision.
The City Council has called a Monday hearing in City Hall. It comes as the Massachusetts Medical Society is urging state officials to open at least two safe injection sites.
The state Department of Public Health says an average of six people a day have fatally overdosed on opioids in 2017, making it the state's top cause of accidental death so far this year.
City Councilors Anissa Essaibi-George and Frank Baker, who requested the hearing, say safe injection sites reduced fatal opioid overdoses by 35 percent in Vancouver, Canada.
But the councilors also say the sites are "controversial and wrought with medical, ethical and legal questions" communities should explore.
Advertisement
AlertMe
Lighthouse traveling libraries were used to supply light stations with reading material. All boxes were numbered as this one was, #138.
Lighthouses were often time located in remote areas and as such had no access to city services such as libraries, opera houses, entertainment, etc. that most people enjoyed who lived in a town or city. As light keeping was a lonely profession in most cases supplies were brought to them by lighthouse tender ships. One of the items the tender supplied was a library box on each visit as pictured to the left. Library boxes were filled with books and switched from station to supply different reading materials to the families. In 1876 portable libraries were first introduced in the Light-House Establishment and furnished to all light vessels and inaccessible offshore light stations with a selection of reading materials. These libraries were contained in a portable wooden case, each with a printed listing of the contents posted inside the door. Proper arrangements were made for the exchange of these libraries at intervals, and for revision of the contents as books became obsolete in accordance with suggestions obtained from public library authorities. The books were carefully selected from books of a good standard appropriate to the families who would use them. While largely fiction, other classes of literature were included in reasonable proportions including technical books when requested. The books and periodicals contained in the libraries remained the property of the Light-House Establishment and each was marked in the front with the official Light-House Establishment bookplate. The beautiful 3" x 4 ½" bookplate label bears a wonderful image of an iron pile lighthouse and Minot's Ledge Light, and a lightship and bears the words "The Property of the Light House Establishment". A sample description of some of the books found in a library are listed below: Ripley, M. M., CAPTAIN FRACASSE FROM THE FRENCH OF THEOPHILE GAUTIER. New York. 1880. 411 p. A light, readable translation from the original. Ainsworth, William Harrison. OVINGDEAN GRANGE. London. nd. c.1870. 310p. A tale of 17th Century English Cavalier. T Willert, P. F., THE REIGN OF LEWIS XI. New Yord. nd. c.1880. 300 p. Provides a connected, clear and full account of the events and the nature of the reign which left France a consolidated and powerful nation, fully prepared for the part she was destined to play in the great struggle of the next century. Lamont, James. SEASONS WITH THE SEA-HORSES; OR, SPORTING ADVENTURES IN THE NORTHERN SEAS. New York. 1861. 282p. Describes sailing and sporting adventures in the northern latitudes. Illustrated. Taylor, Bayard. AT HOME AND ABROAD – A SKETCH-BOOK OF LIFE, SCENERY AND MEN. New York. 1893. 500 p. Decorated cloth. With black-and-white engravings, etc. Torpelius, Z., THE SURGEON'S STORIES – TIMES OF CHARLES XII. Chicago. 1884. 349 p. Third in a series of six Swedish historical romances, translated from the Swedish. Frazer, R. W., BRITISH INDIA. New York. 1897. 399 p. Green decorated cloth. Part of The Story of the Nations Series, in which the story of each nation's life is related, and its picturesque and noteworthy periods and episodes presented. The total series presents a comprehensive narrative of the chief events in the story of the nations of the world. A bookshelf showing titles of other publications from the History Of The Nations appears in the lower portion of the front cover. Most volumes in series illustrated with black-and-white photographs and drawings and front fold-out maps, etc. Chaillu, Paul Du. MY APINGI KINGDOM: WITH LIFE IN THE GREAT SAHARA, AND SKETCHES OF THE CHASE OF THE OSTRICH, HYENA, &c. New York. 1870. 254p. Beautiful brown decorated cloth. With black-and-white engravings, etc. Duffy, Bella. THE TUSCAN REPUBLICS (FLORENCE, SIENA, PISA, AND LUCCA) WITH GENOA. New York. 1893. 456 p. Green decorated cloth. Part of The Story of the Nations Series, in which the story of each nation's life is related, and its picturesque and noteworthy periods and episodes presented. The total series presents a comprehensive narrative of the chief events in the story of the nations of the world. A bookshelf showing titles of other publications from the History Of The Nations appears in the lower portion of the front cover. Most volumes in series illustrated with black-and-white photographs and drawings and front fold-out maps, etc. Mahan, A. T., THE GULF AND INLAND WATERS. [Volume III of the Three volume set of The Navy In The Civil War. New York. 1883. 267 p. Blue leather with embossed decoration and gold lettering. This is the third in a three volume set of The Navy In The Civil War: Volume one "The Blockade and the Cruisers" by James Russell Soley, Professor U.S. Navy. Volume two "The Atlantic Coast" by Daniel Ammen, Rear Admiral U.S. Navy. Volume three "The Gulf and Inland Waters" by A.T. Mahan, Commander, U.S. Navy. This is the story of the navy and its engagements during the Civil War. An attractive volume in very good condition with all maps present.
On Saturday morning, the Philadelphia Eagles announced they had signed WR Alshon Jeffery to a 4-year, $52M extension through 2022 with $27M guaranteed. GM Howie Roseman, renowned for preempting the market with mid-season extensions, again decided to seal up one of his premier players before 31 other teams even got a shot.
It took a pretty penny to get it done, however. The contract has the T-7th most per-year value of all WR contracts (T.Y Hilton). $27M guaranteed and $6.75M guaranteed/year are both good enough for 5th-most expensive. Given Philadelphia's already tenuous cap circumstances, Roseman's decision to extend Jeffery speaks volumes about how valuable this organization considers Alshon over the long term.
However, seeing Top-7 and Top-5 numbers for Alshon Jeffery should give anyone pause—even his most ardent supporters. Alshon currently has 43 receptions for 619 yards (14.4 y/c) and 7 TDs. Those numbers rank among league WRs, respectively, as the 27th, 26th, 36th (>10 receptions), and 4th best numbers. TDs are fun, but they're situational, and the least reliable of all these metrics.
Those Jeffery stans will quickly cite the prescribed effect he has on a defense: he absorbs their primary cover man, draws double coverage, etc... These anecdotal claims are tougher to investigate, and are certainly worthy of debate. The question becomes: how valuable is Jeffery, even if he indeed causes a defense such stress? Is he worth $13M/year; is he worth a Top-7 WR contract?
That's what we're here to find out.
Market Share Comparisons of Equivalent Players (by Value)
Those in Alshon's camp will be quick to let you know: Alshon has been playing better football with each passing week. He's developed a better rapport with Wentz, has started producing in the red zone, and has come down with more contested receptions than he did in the beginning of the year.
I dispute none of these claims. However, when you look to the raw numbers, you can see that Alshon's stat sheet doesn't necessarily reflect his improved play:
If you're in the "Alshon has been coming along recently" camp:
First 6 games (avg): 8 targets, 4 receptions, 53 yards, 0 TD
Last 5 games (avg): 8 targets, 4 receptions, 60 yards, 1 TD — Benjamin Solak (@BenjaminSolak) December 2, 2017
But these numbers are not enough: Philadelphia has enjoyed 20+ point leads in 4 of those 5 final games, and the entire passing game—Jeffery included—has seen a drop-off in raw production. As such, we turn to the metric that will better inform our investigation: market share.
Market share (MS) statistics consider the percentage of a team's total offense for which one player accounts: for example, Jeffery's “Target MS” would describe the percentage of Carson Wentz's passing attempts that were aimed at Jeffery; “Yard MS,” the percentage of Carson Wentz's passing yards produced on throws to Jeffery; and so on.
As such, if Jeffery's play has improved, but the offense has produced less than a result of game script, market share numbers should reveal that disparity.
And they do.
Alshon Jeffery Market Share Statistics Name Year Games Target MS Catch MS Catch% Yard MS Y/C TD MS Name Year Games Target MS Catch MS Catch% Yard MS Y/C TD MS Alshon Jeffery 2017 6 23.2 19 50 20 13.2 15.4 Alshon Jeffery 2017 5 27.9 21.8 46.3 28.1 15.9 33.3 Alshon Jeffery 2017 11 25.1 20.2 48.3 23.3 14.4 25
We'll use Jeffery's MS across the entire season (11 games, bottom row) as a benchmark of his total performance—every player has lulls and swells; it's only fair. But this productive 5-game stretch will also come into play as we continue.
So we know Alshon has been playing better football as of late: the eye test and stat sheet both inform this stance. Is this improved play worthy of such a lucrative extension?
Before we answer that question, we need a context through which to interpret Alshon's deal. As such, I selected recent contract extensions that hold a similar per-year value to Alshon's, to give us a framework in which to operate:
Dez Bryant (2015): 14M/year, 32M guaranteed, 6.4M guaranteed/year
T.Y. Hilton (2015): 13M/year, 11M guaranteed, 2.2M guaranteed/year
Doug Baldwin (2016): 11.5M/year, 12M guaranteed, 3M guaranteed/year
Keenan Allen (2016): 11.25M/year, 20.7M guaranteed, 5.2M guaranteed/year
On the eye test, Alshon is certainly as talented as these players. However, when you compare his season-long (11 games) MS numbers to those of the seasons preceding the contracts for the four players above—that is to say, the seasons that earned them those contracts—a few things stand out in an ugly way:
WR Production In Year Before Contract Extension Name Year Games Target MS (%) Catch MS (%) Catch% Yard MS (%) Y/C TD MS (%) Name Year Games Target MS (%) Catch MS (%) Catch% Yard MS (%) Y/C TD MS (%) T.Y. Hilton 2014 15 21.2 21.6 62.6 28.8 16.4 17 Doug Baldwin 2015 16 21.1 23.4 75.7 28.2 12.5 41.2 Keenan Allen 2015 8 25.6 27.6 75.3 26.3 10.8 27.2 Dez Bryant 2014 16 28.6 26.8 64.7 34.9 15 43.2 Average (w/o Jeffery) 24.125 24.85 69.575 29.55 13.675 32.15 Alshon Jeffery 2017 11 25.1 20.2 48.3 23.3 14.4 25
Firstly, an important note: I've been on record saying that Alshon Jeffery doesn't see WR1 volume in an Eagle offense that loves to spread the football around. It was one of the reasons I claimed he wasn't as valuable a player for the Philadelphia Eagles as his talent level may indicate. However, as we can clearly see, Jeffery's Target MS is competitive with those of other WR1s. He's getting WR1 attention from the quarterback.
Despite this fact, Jeffery falls short in 3 major categories: Catch MS, Catch %, and Yards MS. That is to say, despite seeing significant targets, Jeffery has been responsible for markedly fewer catches for his team, hauled in a significantly lower percentage of his targets, and accounted for fewer of his offense's passing yards than you would expect for a man of his contract. Even his TD numbers, which seem impressive at first, are inflated by the sky-high number of passing TDs that Philadelphia has totaled.
The blind resume test would really hurt Philadelphia here: Jeffery simply isn't accounting for the same amount of offense that receivers of his worth are across the league.
If we are to claim, however, that Philadelphia isn't extending 11-game Jeffery; they're extending 5-game Jeffery...well, things get a little better. But not much:
WR Production In Year Before Contract Extension (Recent Jeffery Performance) Name Year Games Target MS (%) Catch MS (%) Catch% Yard MS (%) Y/C TD MS (%) Name Year Games Target MS (%) Catch MS (%) Catch% Yard MS (%) Y/C TD MS (%) T.Y. Hilton 2014 15 21.2 21.6 62.6 28.8 16.4 17 Doug Baldwin 2015 16 21.1 23.4 75.7 28.2 12.5 41.2 Keenan Allen 2015 8 25.6 27.6 75.3 26.3 10.8 27.2 Dez Bryant 2014 16 28.6 26.8 64.7 34.9 15 43.2 Average (w/o Jeffery) 24.125 24.85 69.575 29.55 13.675 32.15 Alshon Jeffery 2017 5 27.9 21.8 46.3 28.1 15.9 33.3
The inflated Target MS should be noted, as it makes the low Catch MS and Catch % all the more damning. Jeffery simply doesn't haul in an adequate number of his targets: his best Catch %—60.1%—came in 2013, his lone Pro Bowl year. That doesn't hold weight.
We can turn to his improved Y/C and Yard MS, looking for solace: those balls that he does catch, he turns into significant chunks of yardage. However, his Yard MS is still below average, and his Y/C is inflated by his shockingly low number of catches.
I can't come up with a way to slice and dice Alshon's numbers into WR1 production. He simply doesn't do it in this offense.
Why, then, was he paid like he does?
Alshon's Gravity
We're faced again with the anecdotal evidence: Alshon has helped open up this offense, he draws defensive attention, he's a safety blanket.
It's no secret that this offense is, um, a lot better than it was in 2016. Nor is it a debate that improved pass-catching weapons are a huge part of that improvement. Given Torrey Smith's rather pedestrian play, much of the offense opening up is rightfully attributed to the addition of Alshon Jeffery: as I've said above, I'm not disputing these claims. I'm just wondering how valuable they make Jeffery.
Let's talk shadow coverage: Per PFF, Alshon Jeffery has been shadowed only twice this season: against Arizona (who has shadowed opposing WRs a league-leading 10 games this season) and against Los Angeles (shadow coverage in 5 games this season, T-5th in league). Under those blankets, he went 3/7 for 39 yards.
Some teams PHI has played (KC, SF, CHI, DEN) haven't deployed shadow coverage once this season. Other teams have simply bypassed the option when playing Philadelphia: Janoris Jenkins of the Giants shadowed Dez Bryant, Mike Evans, and Demaryius Thomas; James Bradberry of the Panthers followed Evans, Julio Jones, Brandin Cooks, and Marvin Jones. Neither shadowed Jeffery.
Regretably, I can't find a statistic on how often Alshon is double covered relative to the league, but I can tell you this: throw on the tape, and you'll see that it's not very often. Teams will rotate their safeties and set the strength of their coverage shell to whichever side of Philadelphia's offense has more weapons: that is to say, if Philadelphia deploys a formation that isolates Alshon Jeffery alone on the weak side, teams are fine with that.
This TD serves as a great example of what, in my opinion, makes Philadelphia's offense click. Denver has endeavored to get plus numbers in the box: they have a player for every gap through which Philadelphia could run the football. In order to do so, they must play single-high coverage and trust their CBs to cover in space.
Once Wentz introduces the read option, however, he has effectually created another gap, putting OLB Von Miller in conflict. CB Aqib Talib moves forward to play the run, to add an extra defender to account for the extra gap—now Jeffery is open and off to the races for 6.
Certainly, Jeffery has more impressive plays than this. However, this would have been a TD whether it was Mack Hollins, Nelson Agholor, or Dorial Green-Beckham lined up in that slot. No extra help is dedicated to Jeffery. This is just Philadelphia's scheme winning out.
I'll put it to you this way: when you're facing Philadelphia, who are you more concerned about covering: Alshon Jeffery, or Zach Ertz? To me, that's an easy answer.
So sure: adding a dynamic receiving threat to the boundary has opened up the offense. But Jeffery wasn't just paid Marvin Jones money (8M/year in 2016), or Pierre Garcon money (9.5M/year in 2017) or Michael Crabtree money (8.5M/year in 2015). Jeffery is getting WR1 money, and Jeffery is getting WR1 targets, but he isn't posting WR1 production, and he isn't demanding any more defensive attention than a player like Jones, Garcon, or Crabtree might.
The Long and The Short
How valuable is that receiver? WR1 targets, but no WR1 production or WR1 attention? He's not WR1 valuable, that's for sure. You can fill in the lines regarding how I feel about this contract.*
*I reserve the right to alter my opinion slightly as more details of the extension are released. I wonder if that $27M guaranteed may be conditional on remaining on the roster for certain days in the future, or guaranteed on injury, or so on.
However, there is one tremendous saving grace through which this deal must be examined. Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce to you the 2019 WR FA class:
Odell Beckham Jr.
Amari Cooper
Mike Evans
Brandin Cooks
Jordy Nelson
Randall Cobb
Golden Tate
Kelvin Benjamin
This doesn't even include solid contributors like Devin Funchess, Cole Beasley, Jamison Crowder, Tyler Lockett, Nelson Agholor, DeVante Parker, Chris Hogan, Jermaine Kearse, Rishard Matthews, and Jeremy Maclin.
Good gravy.
I don't show you all of these wonderful names to list the players Philadelphia could have otherwise pursued. Rather, I wanted to show you that the WR market is going to reset. Soon.
Mike Evans, Odell Beckham Jr., and Amari Cooper will all demand contracts higher than Alshon's. Brandin Cooks just might do it as well.
Golden Tate, Randall Cobb, and maybe even Kelvin Benjamin (someone's gonna overpay for him) could all likely get close to Jeffery's numbers. Nelson will be a funny one to watch, given his age and injury history.
Remember, Philadelphia doesn't have a 2nd or 3rd round pick in the upcoming 2018 Draft. Unless they were at peace with spending their lone 1st rounder on a WR, they weren't going to find Jeffery-level talent—not production, talent—in the Draft. From there, they would be forced to foray through a massive WR bubble in the upcoming seasons.
And if there's one thing we know about Howie Roseman, he ain't ‘bout that life.
Today, the relative value of Alshon's contract doesn't stack up—it plain doesn't. But in the wake of 2019's bidding war, it very well might. And that very well could justify the whole kit and caboodle.
For now, #In Chip HowieWeTrust. There's no reason to believe he doesn't have a plan to handle the tightest cap situation in the league. Tough cuts to swallow are on the horizon (Brent Celek, Jason Peters, Darren Sproles), but Philadelphia had one of the oldest starting rosters in the NFL this year. They simply must get younger to prevent this season from becoming a flash in the pan.
And hey! When a team is 10-1, you do your best to keep all of the players on it. I will never complain about not fixing what ain't broke.
I'll just feel better about it after 2019.
All the love goes out to Pro Football Reference, a wonderful site without which posts like this would be impossible.
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism's basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.
By signing up you agree to receive email about events, articles, offers, and the impact of The Walrus in your community. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Adrien Olichon
In March 2015, Justin Trudeau delivered a speech at the Royal York in Toronto that oscillated from inspiring to bombastic to schmaltzy. There is one point, however, he made forcefully. “The Charter [of Rights and Freedoms] might protect us from our government, but it doesn't always protect us from each other,” he told the crowd. “Canadian liberty might be protected by the constitution, but it must be promoted by political leadership.”
But that leadership, today, appears in short supply. The aspirations Trudeau vaunted in that speech, hailed then as a brave political stance for the young leader, now seem to come second to the political reality he is facing in Quebec, with its introduction of Bill 62—a controversial religious-neutrality bill that will force citizens to uncover their faces while providing and receiving public services—a law drawn up to target Muslim women.
Trudeau's words two years ago were a thinly veiled threat to Quebec premier Pauline Marois and Prime Minister Stephen Harper—currently, both out of the job—over their plans to limit the right of women to wear the niqab or burqa. “Those who would use the state's power to restrict women's religious freedom and freedom of expression indulge the very same repressive impulse that they profess to condemn,” Trudeau warned.
Harper's ban on face coverings at immigration ceremonies was struck down by the courts, while his plan to enact a similar ban on federal public servants was thwarted by his election loss. Politically hobbled by the constant fighting against her own government—from within and from outside—Marois's so-called “charter of values” never came into force. Even Marois's own supporters appeared to be turned off by her party's xenophobic messaging and iconography on the campaign trail.
Many thought the issue dead and gone. Few expected Marois's Liberal successor, Philippe Couillard, to actually follow through on his half-hearted promise to adopt his own, weaker, values charter. Even after his government introduced Bill 62, many saw the plan to ban face coverings for both public servants and those seeking public services to be an unlikely priority for the Liberal government. Even its title seemed laughably improbable: An Act to Foster Adherence to State Religious Neutrality and, in Particular, to Provide a Framework for Requests for Accommodations on Religious Grounds in Certain Bodies.
And yet, the bill passed the Assembly National on October 18. The regulations putting weight behind it were introduced on Tuesday. Confusion has reigned over exactly what the bill does. It maintains that employees of government institutions—school board and hospital staff, elected officials, teachers, and bureaucrats—“must exercise their functions with their face uncovered” and that “similarly, persons receiving services from such personnel members must have their face uncovered.”
Once the bill, improbably, became law, does it now apply to Quebecers who ride public transit? Are women who freely choose to support religious garb to be denied welfare? Denied the right to marry? An attempt to clarify the bill Tuesday only heaped more confusion onto the pile. “This law affirms the religious neutrality of the state in order to assure respectful treatment of the rights and liberties of individuals,” contended the justice ministry in a release. The law would neither “favor nor disadvantage” a person due to their religious beliefs.
The ministry provided some examples. It reads that a bus driver “could demand that someone uncover their face in order to verify the validity of their transit pass if, per the regulations of the transportation society, it comes with a photo.” But, it adds, this wouldn't apply to the Montreal metro, “where there is no interaction with an employee.”
At the doctor's office, a patient will need to remove their face covering in order to communicate with the doctor, but they can remain covered in the waiting room. A student or professor cannot wear a niqab or burqa where communication is necessary between them. At a nursery, a parent must uncover themselves before picking up their child.
Montreal mayor Denis Coderre has said he will not apply the law. (Valerie Plante, his challenger in the ongoing municipal elections, has come out against the bill but has not said whether she'll block its application in the city.) Demonstrations have started, with protesters wearing surgical masks and scarves taking to the streets. Yet that opposition is without real allies at the federal level. Sure, a line of politicians have stepped into the foyer of the House of Commons to deplore the law as racist, xenophobic, Islamophobic, dangerous for religious freedom, harmful to civil liberties, and contrary to Canadian values themselves. Yet not a single one promised to do anything about it.
Transport minister Marc Garneau, who represents a riding on the Montreal island, boasted to reporters this week that “we don't believe that it's up to us to tell a woman how to dress” but he affixed a caveat: “This is a law from the National Assembly. We will not interfere.”
Jagmeet Singh, the freshly installed federal NDP leader who gambled in his own bid for leader on calling out this Quebec's legislation, has declined to take his criticisms further. He says he would stand opposed to the bill but would let Quebec's own court system handle the challenges.
Even Conservative leader Andrew Scheer, now helming a party that had proposed a similar bill that would have been wider in scope than Bill 62, told reporters he'd avoid commenting on the bill, but, he added, “It's not a direction I would pursue federally.”
Part of the reason? Even within the parties, there is a lack of unity.
But members of both the NDP and Conservatives have come out shyly in favour of the bill, citing Quebec's independent status within Canada, religious neutrality, respect, security, or some combination of the four. Conservative MP Peter Kent told reporters that anyone providing or receiving services “should do so with an uncovered face.” NDP MP Pierre Nantel says the debate over religious accommodation has been happening for more than a decade: “It's definitely time we move forward.”
Consensus hasn't come easily in the National Assembly either. The three opposition parties all voted against the bill: the centre-right Coalition Avenir Québec and centre-left Parti Québécois because it didn't go far enough; the left-wing Québec solidaire because they said it was incoherent. All parties in the assembly supported the attempt to ban the niqab or burqa for public servants in one way or another.
Only inside the Liberal Party's caucus did there seem to be disagreement. A handful of members, mostly representing the diverse and multicultural Montreal area and obviously uncomfortable with attempts to legislate what women wear, have stood opposed to the bill. Couillard's party, however, forced their hand and demanded their silence on the matter, according to local media reports and one National Assembly staffer.
That the Quebec Liberal Party is forging ahead now is no coincidence. A provincial election is a year away, and the other parties threatened to use Couillard's inaction on religious neutrality as ammunition on the campaign trail.
From the political jockeying, one could conclude that the issue is a political holy grail. But that's not entirely clear. An Angus Reid poll from earlier in October did show that eighty-seven percent of Quebecers support the bill. At the same time, the NDP and Liberals captured more than half the vote, combined, in Quebec while vocally opposing any sort of restriction on the niqab or burqa.
The fact is, there is a clear avenue ahead for fighting Bill 62, it's just a matter of who steps to the plate. As many Quebec politicians have pointed out, the matter will almost certainly be heard in short order by the Quebec courts, which operate under the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms, and likely not in the federal court.
Quebec, of course, remains a distinct society and a jurisdiction with its own political orthodoxy. Trudeau may be of it, but he does not govern it. And that, without doubt, is why he has kept himself at a distance. Even so, the Muslim women in Quebec who will be most affected by this law are still Canadian citizens, and that's something the prime minister has made a special effort to point out in the past. By stepping back now, Trudeau is placing respect for Quebec's special status within Canada over the rights of those women.
In 2015, a Quebec court told Rania El-Alloul that she would be forbidden from testifying so long as she wears her hijab. It was El-Alloul's case that Trudeau specifically cited when he spoke at the Royal York. “Not without reason, she said that order made her feel as if she were not Canadian.” Trudeau compared efforts to extend that sort of ban to the attitude of “none is too many” directed towards Jewish refugees during the rise of Hitler. His rhetoric was severe. A year later, the Quebec Superior Court, citing the Quebec Charter, agreed with El-Alloul—the trial judge should have never ordered her to remove her hijab.
Not every decision by the Quebec courts agreed with religious minorities' rights to wear their garb of choice. In 2016, a Quebec court upheld a ban on turban-wearing truck drivers, who do not wear hard hats, imposed by the Ottawa-owned Port of Montreal. Similar judgements have cropped up across the country. The Quebec court found that while the ban may be discriminatory under the Quebec and Canadian charters, it is justified.
Which leads to the inescapable problem of Trudeau's soaring rhetoric but lack of concrete action. The Canadian government, however, can act. A challenge to Bill 62, filed to the Quebec Superior Court from the Attorney General of Canada, would be a loud statement. Even announcing intention to join another organization's lawsuit would be forceful message in opposition to the law.
While no national leader has made the case for intervention, the prime minister hasn't ruled it out entirely. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Trudeau trumpeted the Canadian Charter once again. “We're looking very carefully at what tools we have,” he said, “and what steps we have to make sure that we make this situation better for everyone.”
Trudeau's talk of human rights were core to his message when he hit the campaign trail in 2015. He has made a grand display of admonishing any political rival who falls offside of his standards of upholding individual liberty. He has held aloft the Charter as not the gold standard but as the bare minimum.
And yet, on his first big test, Trudeau seems unsure of what to do.
A quarry near Lillooet, B.C.
THE#BCBIZDAILY
The group representing some of B.C.'s biggest miners wants a carbon price—but doesn't name one
The industry organization that represents some of B.C.'s biggest mining companies came out in support of a price on carbon emissions on Wednesday, with the caveat that it wants to ensure “a level playing field for emissions-intensive trade-exposed industries.”
The Ottawa-based Mining Association of Canada includes metals miners like Eldorado Gold, Imperial Metals Corp. and Taseko Mines, mixed metals and coal producers like Teck Resources Ltd., and oil sands companies like Suncor Energy Inc. and Royal Dutch Shell PLC.
“Today, one of Canada's largest industries is coming out in support of a carbon price, identifying it as the most effective and efficient means of driving emissions reductions and making real progress in the global fight against climate change,” said Pierre Gratton, president and CEO of MAC in a statement.
Mining accounted for 1.1 per cent of all Canadian emissions in 2014 when coal and the oil sands were excluded (the latter contributes between seven and eight per cent of Canada's emissions, according to the Pembina Institute). In B.C., miners accounted for three per cent of emissions in 2012, the last time the province conducted a comprehensive survey, and that figure includes emissions-intensive natural gas production.
The measure comes a month after the federal government and Canada's provinces agreed on the need for a price on carbon at a summit in Vancouver but failed to settle on a price. And while provincial leaders and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will convene in September to rediscuss the issue, Wednesday's statement broadly aligns the goals of industry with those of government. "In the context of the federal government wanting to get the country moving on carbon pricing, it's positive to see that kind of statement from a big and important sector,” says Matt Horne, director of energy solutions at the Pembina Institute.
The Mining Association, however, has conditions. It's calling for a revenue neutral approach, where funds raised via a carbon tax would be invested in the development of lower emission technologies, with public-private partnerships cited as one example. The group is also asking that any regime works in tandem with B.C.'s existing scheme, avoids duplications and “addresses competitiveness."
“The challenge with any of these general statements of support is continuing that support when you get into the nuts and bolts of the policy ends up looking like,'” says Horne. “It's good they've signalled a good amount of flexibility, but there are still some big questions in terms of what the price is going to be for the national system, and hopefully the sector support can continue through that process."
Read elsewhere
Expect bigger penalties for bad realtors. The group tasked with looking into some of the less savoury sales tactics in B.C.'s scorching real estate market has come back with recommendations for reform. (CBC)
There are signs that Premier Christy Clark is in favour of a much-disputed pipeline. In the National Post, John Ivison reports that there's intergovernmental chatter that Clark is moving towards a yes on the Trans Mountain expansion
You have probably already heard a lot about the new Senate health care bill which, in addition to proposing massive cuts to Medicaid, promises to defund Planned Parenthood for one year due to the fact that they provide abortion services. You have probably read some of the endless media coverage of the proposed defunding: the New York Times declared that the issue is "bringing a decades-old debate over abortion to something of a climax, pitting powerful abortion rights groups, women's organizations and medical associations against the wealthy religious organizations and anti-abortion groups that most Republicans lean on." You may have called your senator about the bill. Perhaps you took to social media to post about why we need to support Planned Parenthood and abortion rights (and got in an argument with someone you went to high school with in the comments).
But, for a brief moment, let's zoom out. Though constant (and sometimes violent) conflict over abortion rights is the norm in the US, it's actually completely different from how the conversation around reproductive rights plays out in most other countries in North America and Europe. The "abortion wars" are a unique American cultural institution. Which begs the question: why?
Across North America and Europe, abortion is not just widely legally available — it also often attracts substantially less public comment of any kind. This isn't to say that abortion law in these countries is always more liberal than the US: Northern Ireland continues to ban abortion except under threats to the mother's life or permanent risk to her health, as per a 1861 law; Poland's proposed abortion bans drew massive protests last year, and women can be prosecuted for having abortions under many circumstances in Mexico.
But by and large, the abortion debate plays out differently in these countries. No European countries have made major moves to defund abortion providers. British doctors have just asked for abortion to be totally decriminalized, and France's National Assembly recently voted to penalize anti-abortion websites that pose as neutral sources but actually "exert psychological or moral pressure” on women to keep the pregnancy. Denmark is so pro-choice that information about how to get an abortion is found on the official website of the city of Copenhagen, and even hyper-conservative Italy — where abortion is legal in the first trimester but up to 70 percent of doctors refuse to perform one — is gradually legalizing medication abortion (aka "the abortion pill") to give women more options.
And despite the fact that some Western countries have more restrictive abortion laws than the US, violence against abortion providers and attacks at abortion clinics is almost unheard of in other places.
So why is abortion such a hot-button issue in the US? The answer seems to be embedded in America's unique cultural and historic baggage.
US Ideas About Sexuality Also Shaped Our Abortion Debate According to many historians, US attitudes about sexuality (which often intertwined with racist thought) also played a huge role in the development of our abortion culture. Gilda Sedgh, a principal research scientist with the Guttmacher Institute, told Foreign Policy that the difference between US and European attitudes towards abortion is tied to Europe's “social acceptance of premarital sexual activity and contraceptive use.” And historian Anna M. Peterson argues that some of the difference stems from how white abortion-seeking women themselves were treated. By the late 1800s, "people in both Europe and the U.S.," she writes, "had long expressed sympathy for women who had abortions and many believed abortions helped unfortunate women in difficult situations. American anti-abortionists instead put forth an image of women who procured abortions as frivolous and promiscuous." She quotes the American Medical Association's J. Milton Duff, who declared abortion in 1893 to be "a pernicious crime against God and society." (It should be noted again, of course, that these attitudes of sympathy or concern were aimed almost exclusively at white women; women of color often found themselves subjected to eugenics-based efforts to control their reproduction). White physicians were the big instigators behind the anti-abortion push in America in this period, but in the UK, people generally thought of abortion-seeking women differently. They characterized women who had them as "desperate and destitute," victims of socioeconomic conditions instead of moral failings. (Other countries also saw it differently: Russia thought the rise of abortions in the 1890s was a product of capitalist excess, and the fight for birth control in France in the early 20th century was led by anarchists. Context, when it comes to abortion, has always mattered a lot.)
The Difference Between American & European Feminism Also Played A Role LSE Library Anna Peterson also argues, as do other historians, that the culture of American abortion arguments can be traced to the differences between feminist thought in the US and Europe. American pro-choice feminism talked about women's rights to control their own bodies — though, as Leslie Reagan has noted, a lot of early American feminists weren't pro-abortion at all, or only accepted that the procedure might occur when women were abandoned by men or were "loose." By contrast, European feminist thinking framed the abortion debate in terms of "public health and humanitarianism," arguing that legal abortion was necessary for every woman to have the best chance at health. Take, for example, the way in which people talked about abortion in Weimar Germany, from 1918 to the 1940s. "Abortion," writes Weimar historian Cornelia Usborne, "would become superfluous in a society where inequality was abolished." This is not to say that European, British, Australian, and other feminist activists working for abortion rights didn't have a fight on their hands. Most countries have had their own internal squabbles about abortion's legality and criminalization; but its unique status in American culture may also have been partially created by the moral framing of America's attitudes.
As Shonda Rhimes exits ABC Studios, she's likely to pass Carlton Cuse in the revolving door.
The onetime Lost co-showrunner has inked a four-year overall deal with ABC Studios to develop new projects for broadcast, cable and streaming, either on his own or collaborating with other writers.
Since the end of Lost‘s largely heralded run, Cuse has shepherded such multi-season series as A&E's recently-wrapped Bates Motel, USA Network's Colony and FX's The Strain (now in its final season), and most recently was under contract with A+E Studios. He currently has in development Jack Ryan for Amazon (starring The Office‘s John Krasinski) and the Hulu pilot John Locke & Key.
“It is with great pleasure that I am returning to ABC Studios, my happy home for six years during Lost,” Cuse said in a statement. With a nod to his production shingle's name, Genre Arts, he added, “If you look at the shows I've done, that's very much my sweet spot. I think Lost was an example of an elevated genre show that worked well, and I want to continue to work in that arena.”
Cuse's big move comes on the heels of ABC Studios parting ways with its most prolific producer, Grey's Anatomy/Scandal creator Shonda Rhimes, who is making the leap to Netflix.
“Forming a partnership with a writer/producer/director as talented and prolific as Carlton Cuse is a major victory for ABC Studios,” said ABC Studios chief Patrick Moran. “We're so looking forward to working with him again and bringing his signature creativity back to our studio.”
Dynamic Vegetation System
Hi guys! Paul and Cyrille join me to wish you all a Happy New Year! 🙂
This update is going to be essentially a technical one (it's been a while I haven't done any of those). I received many questions regarding the new vegetation system in Ghost of a Tale, which was introduced in the latest build. So I will now attempt to answer them.
Caveat Emptor: this technique is used on PC and Xbox One/PS4 (I haven't applied it to any other platform yet).
(Also: yes, the game is running on Unity 🙂 )
THE SYSTEM:
The reason why I developed this system is because I don't like it when I see vegetation behaving like the vertex are warping and stretching unnaturally around a sphere or capsule shape (even in AAA games). If I were a shader wizard maybe I would have come up with a super smart shader that would give me what I need, alas I'm not. So I had to find another way… 🙂
The main idea is what happens around Tilo should be high quality while the rest should stay as cheap as possible (nothing new here).
In this example the fern objects are made of two models:
A static one (a simple mesh with usual LODs)
A dynamic one (same model as LOD0 but the stems are skinned to a couple of joints). Technically each stem only uses 2 bones (the end one is not part of the skinning).
The dynamic models are deactivated by default, leaving only the cheap static ferns visible. No script is running in the background so there's no overhead.
The root game object has a simple static box collider trigger. When Tilo enters the trigger that's the signal that we should switch to the dynamic model.
Since the static and dynamic models have the same pivot point it means the wind animation (vegetation shader) is exactly the same on both meshes. So there is no visual pop whatsoever when switching between the models.
The dynamic model has a kind of “fake physics” (using this great asset) which acts as colliders on the stems' joints. Those colliders collide with the actors' limbs (head, chest, waist, etc…). Note: In this case I reuse the actor's colliders from the game's dynamic props system, so there's no additional colliders to create (always reuse whenever possible!).
What this gives me is more accurate detection in that if a character plays an idle animation while remaining in contact with the fern, the stems will still react fairly precisely. In other words this is not a simple “capsule” avoidance.
So when Tilo is within the trigger the fern's dynamic (skinned) model is visible, but when Tilo leaves the trigger then after a second or so -long enough for the fern to settle down- we switch back to the cheap static model.
Again, there is absolutely no visible pop during the change because the “rested” dynamic model and the static one have perfectly matching vertices positions.
NOTES:
There are a couple more details to keep in mind: I use a special vegetation shader (written by shader wizard Larsbertram) that produces translucency but uses the deferred rendering path (whereas normally you would have to use a slower forward rendering path).
A second important point is that I don't use OnTriggerStay in the trigger detection process. I only use OntriggerEnter and OnTriggerExit. The reason is OnTriggerStay can prove quite heavy (depending on your physics matrix) and we don't really need it. All we need is to be notified when Tilo enters and leaves the trigger.
There is also the tricky case where Tilo would have left the trigger (for whatever reason) without calling OnTriggerExit. Which is a fairly rare situation but it could happen. To remedy this case I use an Update function on the vegetation bend behavior script which tests from time to time (every couple of seconds) if the distance between the actor and itself (in this case the fern) is greater than a certain threshold. If it is then we know for sure we should switch back to the static model.
Of course that component only becomes active while Tilo is within the trigger. And it ensures we don't accidentally leave some vegetation items in “high-quality” mode.
That's it for this update! I will keep converting a lot of the game's vegetation over the next build updates but some assets will remain “dynamic-but-rigid” (meaning non-skinned/rotation only) as they don't require as much detail.
I hope this answered any questions you guys might have had regarding this topic, and I genuinely hope it didn't bore you to tears. See you in the next update! 🙂
These panoramas were captured during Olympic Games in Sochi. We were in these places while shooting virtual tour of Elbrus. At that time we shot more than 10 hours of the starry sky, which we showed in 360 video earlier. Now we present to your attention photo panoramas of incredible starry sky over mount Elbrus.
Mount Elbrus, the highest peak of Russia, is located north of the Caucasus Mountain Range, on the border of Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia of Russia. The twin-peak mountain (5,642-meter and 5,621-meter summits) can also be considered the highest peak in Europe as it is still rather uncertain where the border between Europe and Asia lies exactly. 4,810-meter-high Mont Blanc would be the only competitor for this title, as it is undoubtedly located in Europe.
The last eruption of Mt. Elbrus took place around 50 AC. However, today Mt. Elbrus is not a dormant volcano, but a sleeping one. Considerably high volcanic activity is being recorded inside the mountain: hot lava heats water up to +60ºC, feeding mineral springs of the popular Caucasian spa towns of Pyatigorsk, Kislovodsk, and Mineral Waters.
In 1829, a Russian scientific expedition led by General Emmanuel made the first successful ascension to Mt. Elbrus in human history. A group of British mountaineers first climbed the western summit (the highest one) in 1874. A. V. Pastukhov, a Russian military cartographer, is considered the first person to successfully climb both summits (years 1890 and 1896). Pastukhov was also the one who mapped this area in detail.
Today, Mount Elbrus is one of the most popular destinations for climbing and mountain hiking. The Russian Emergencies Ministry uses the northern slope of Mt. Elbrus for its needs, and the southern slope has well-developed tourism and hospitality infrastructure. There are pendulums and chairlifts, the alpine hotel "Shelter of Eleven" located at 4,000 meters altitude, and the "Saddleback" hotel located at 5,300 meters altitude. Strong winds and harsh weather conditions destroyed the" Saddleback" hotel many times, but it has always been rebuilt anew.
Over 10,000 people climb Mount Elbrus every year. Hundreds of mountaineers depart from the base camps during summer season, which is the most suitable time for ascending. Since Mt. Elbrus was "conquered" many years ago, new climbers come up with all sorts of artificial challenges to make their attempt special: snowboarding down the mountain, motorcycling, and even automobile ascending.
Like other mountains, Mt. Elbrus has taken its toll on its visitors — almost 10 human lives a year are lost. Accidents mostly happen due to strategic mistakes made during climbing. However, you don't have to risk your life or your comfort — you can "conquer" the legendary summits of Mount Elbrus with our virtual panoramas.
Photo by Ivan Roslyakov
29 August 2014
WASHINGTON D.C.—A man claiming to be “Future Obama” appeared suddenly during a press conference at the White House today.
The event unfolded after the White House lost electricity for a brief moment prior to a blinding burst of light flooding the room.
Another man, who Future Obama claimed was “Future Joe” was also present following the flash of light.
President Present-tense Barack Obama was whisked away immediately following the flash as a gun fight quickly erupted between agents and the alleged futuristic duo.
In the end all agents were down while Future Obama was dramatically clutching a mortally wounded Future Joe.
“This is a big [inaudible due to dramatically coughing up blood]-ing deal,” Future Joe said before his body went limp.
Future Obama quickly took to the microphone where he claimed to have traveled from three years in the future to prevent our involvement in Syria.
“The path we are about to embark upon leads us directly to the darkest timeline,” said Future Obama grimly. “Mmm, let me be clear: shit gets dark, shit gets real dark.”
Future Obama was then tackled by several agents and is now being detained.
President Present Obama has sworn to never allow this to happen again and has directed the full resources of the NSA and CIA to tracking his and Present Joe's every move.
Follow Stubhill News for the newest news.
A WOMAN who was supplying an underground cannabis culture in Otago was a valued member of the community who gave any proceeds of her drug-dealing to charity, a court was told yesterday.
A letter signed by 37 Naseby residents ''implored'' Judge Stephen Coyle not to jail Denise Lorraine Barnett, 59, who was appearing for sentencing in the Alexandra District Court.
Barnett, described by counsel Kieran Tohill as a ''local icon'', admitted possessing cannabis for supply, possessing a pipe to consume cannabis and cultivating cannabis, in Naseby on February 7.
She was sentenced to 350 hours' community work, 12 months' supervision and ordered to complete a drug and alcohol programme as directed by her probation officer.
The defendant was so unwell she was in a wheelchair for her court appearance yesterday and jail would be a ''cruel and harsh'' sentence, Judge Coyle said.
Mr Tohill said the letter from residents said they did not need to be protected from Barnett and they ''implored'' the judge to keep her out of jail.
The permanent population of Naseby was about 200 people so the letter represented a significant number, from all walks of life, supporting her, he said.
''I don't think I would have as many as 37 people sign a reference for me.''
Barnett did voluntary work in the community and people trusted her, he said.
''She does a number of good things in the community.''
Fifty mature cannabis plants and about 3.5kg of dried cannabis material were found at her property by police. Most was for her own use or to give away.
''This is not a sophisticated cannabis-dealing operation,'' Mr Tohill said.
Barnett had a troubled past.
She lived at Cherry Farm psychiatric institution as a teenager and had electroconvulsive therapy, then later ''lived on the street'' before shifting to Naseby, he said.
Prison was not warranted as she gained no real commercial value from her drug dealing - ''she's simply an eccentric woman who collects cannabis among the material she hoards''.
An electronically monitored sentence was not available as an option in Naseby. Judge Coyle said Barnett was clearly highly regarded in the community but the charges were serious.
She grew a large number of cannabis plants and ''then supplies an underground cannabis culture in the community'', he said.
The defendant kept some, supplied some to friends, gave some away and sold some, giving the proceeds to charity.
He accepted she was an important and valued member of the community, but said her eccentricity did not detract from the seriousness of her offending.
The unavailability of an electronically monitored option made sentencing difficult.
''It's a stark choice between prison or imposing a sentence on you which is woefully light in terms of consistency of the sentence that should be imposed ... ''
However, the court also had to be a court of humanity and the defendant was unwell.
Her health issues meant she would escape a jail term, Judge Coyle said.
- Otago Daily Times
See more of Khartoum in this Magnum Photos gallery.
A displaced southerner's makeshift structure in a suburb of Khartoum
KHARTOUM, Sudan—“You see my home? You see my situation?” the chief from Tonj in southern Sudan asked me. Six wooden sticks were the sturdiest part of a shack that housed the chief and about 20 of his people in one of Khartoum's poorest suburbs. Woven grass and bamboolike material formed a roof that rain would pour straight through. There were no walls. Children between about 2 and 10 years old approached me cautiously, giggling when they came close. Several had orange-tinged hair, a sign of malnourishment. None were in school. “I have stayed here for 21 years, and I have failed to find a home or a job. How can I possibly send my children to school?” the chief asked, indignant that I had posed the question.
An estimated 1.5 million people from southern Sudan fled north to Khartoum during a two-decadeslong war between the Sudanese government based in the predominantly Muslim north and rebels in the predominantly animist and Christian south of the country. As many as 2 million people, mainly southerners, died during the conflict. Those who made it to the relative safety of the north have been marginalized ever since. They mostly live in makeshift shelters with no electricity and little access to clean water.
The war was brought to an end in 2005 by the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, which stated that in January 2011, southerners would get to vote on whether they wanted to secede from the north. In July 2010, the ruling National Congress Party promised southerners all manner of development projects if they voted for unity. (It also re-instituted censorship of local papers, removing articles that favored secession.)
I wanted to hear from southerners: Where was home for them now? What about their children who were born in the north and had never been to southern Sudan?
I was busy writing down the chief's answers to these questions when I felt a tap on my leg. “Look! Look around you!” I was being alerted to the arrival of the police. I caught sight of a few women running around the side of a building in the distance. Then blue-uniformed police, armed with steel bars and AK-47s, appeared. The women had all vanished.
A structure in Jebel Awila camp, on the outskirts of Khartoum
The police officers pointed to a spot in the ground and ordered one of the young southerners to start digging a hole with his hands. After a while, they moved him aside and poked around the hole with their steel bars—finding nothing but more dirt. Next, they went to another spot and dug a hole with their steel bars—again finding nothing. After a couple more attempts, the police seemed to lose interest—or perhaps they were starting to feel a little self-conscious that there was a kawadja (foreigner) watching them dig holes in the ground. There were two English speakers among the Tonj group. “What do you see around you?” one asked me.
I saw a dozen southern women and their toddlers in an armed police truck, the southern men and older children in their impoverished camp around me, and a group of policemen digging holes in their backyard.
“Do you see a people of unity?” he asked.
One of the chief's sons came to explain that the police were rounding up southern women on suspicion of brewing marissa.
For many southerners, marissa, brewed from dates and sorghum, is a traditional drink, similar to a light beer. Throughout Khartoum, displaced southern women who fled to the capital during the civil war brew and sell marissa. They are often the sole breadwinners in their households, but their high rate of illiteracy, coupled with pervasive discrimination against southerners in the north, means they struggle to find work in Khartoum. For many, brewing marissa, which can bring in $1 or $2 per day, is the only way they can feed their children.
The problem is that marissa's alcoholic properties render it illegal under the Sharia laws that apply here. Brewing marissa can result in three possible punishments (and often women are sentenced to all three): a whipping of no less than 40 lashes, up to six months in jail, and a fine of between $40 and $2,000.
The 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement framed Sudan as one country with two systems, determined by geography. Sharia law would be applied throughout the north, to all residents, Muslim or not. (The Sudanese government's desire to have Sharia govern the whole country was one of the key issues during the war.) However, the peace agreement created a Special Commission on the Rights of Non-Muslims in the National Capital of Khartoum, which was supposed to protect the rights of non-Muslims here.
Joshua Dau, a southerner who chairs the special commission, says that he has struggled to implement the CPA's protections. The agreement required that special courts be set up for non-Muslims, but Dau says the commissioners could not get the government to agree.
Dau says he has been unsuccessful in arguing that since marissa brewing is not considered a crime by the southerners, it should be permitted in an integrated national capital. He says it is not the northern communities who complain. Indeed brewing dates was a traditional practice for some northern Sudanese before the current government, with its particularly stringent Islamic program, came to power.
One of the protection officers at the U.N. Mission in Sudan told me that the police raid settlements of displaced southerners on a regular basis, often in the middle of the night. Additionally, corrupt police use the cover of the marissa laws to harass and extort bribes from southerners, even without evidence that they have been brewing. * Threatened with a six-month prison sentence, women will hand over whatever money and valuables they have to the police.
Many of the residents of Jebel Awila have been here for 20 years
Dau says that “instant justice” is applied to women who are arrested on suspicion of brewing marissa. They are taken to the police station, where the public attorney charges them, and then straight to the court where the judge sentences them. “They don't give you any chance to appeal or defend yourself” said Dau. “In most cases, the commission doesn't have the opportunity to intervene before the sentence is awarded.” Lashes are administered immediately, and if a custodial sentence is handed down, the woman is taken straight to prison. Dau says that in most cases, the special commission does not receive complaints. “The women think, ‘How will it help me to complain, I've already been lashed?' ” Dau says that the appeals process often takes as long as the prison term—again rendering the commission's intervention useless.
In Jebel Awila, one of the largest camps for displaced southerners, about 90 minutes' drive from the center of Khartoum, I met Jacqueline Deng, who told me of her encounter with the marissa laws. Having fled the fighting in the south with her five children, Deng had managed to construct a shelter made of mud and sticks. Unable to find work, she turned to brewing marissa. One night, the police came to arrest her and many of her female neighbors. She had to leave her children behind, though the youngest, America, was just 4. She didn't see her children for the next six months. She says there were “many, many” southern women in the prison with her and that the food she was given was “not enough to feed a cat.” When she finished her prison sentence and returned to Jebel Awila, she found that neighbors had taken care of her children, but her home had been destroyed.
Deng, like many of the southerners I spoke with in Jebel Awila, told me she had never even heard of the special commission. And community leaders who knew of it were scathing; “They have no power. If something happens they can't protect us,” one leader told me. “They are just there for conferences and television—just for people to see them,” said another.
If this is the situation for southerners in Khartoum at a time when the ruling National Congress Party is making a last-ditch effort to encourage southerners to vote for the unity of the country in the January 2011 referendum, what kind of treatment can southerners remaining in the north expect if the country splits next year? While the international community is rightly concerned about the viability of a new southern state on a territory that has been devoid of development since colonial times, this focus should not come at the expense of protecting the 1.5 million southerners who live in the north.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow Slate and the Slate Foreign Desk on Twitter.
Update, 10:40 a.m., Oct. 13: This article has been updated to clarify that corrupt police do not bribe southerners; they extort bribes from them. (Return to the updated sentence.)
Synthetic Biology, the application of principles of engineering to biology, allows scientists to design, reimagine, and fabricate entirely new biological systems and components that do not exist in nature. The burgeoning field combines genomics and the chemical synthesis of DNA, allowing researchers to manufacture various DNA sequences quickly and assemble them in all new ways, creating unique genomes. In short, synthetic biology is the realm of creating life from scratch. Scientists are closer to achieving this ability than they've ever been before — and investors and technology innovators are watching. Record sums are being invested in synthetic biology, which is promising to deliver novel biofuels, drugs, foods, materials, bio-products like organs for transplant, chemicals, and even perfumes. All of this promise is offsetting safety and ethical concerns for many investors who can't resist the siren song of the incredible range of applications for synthetic biological products, and their vast market potential. This temptation is enhanced by the fact that the cost of DNA analysis only continues to drop. Matt Ocko, a venture capitalist whose past Silicon Valley investments include Uber, Facebook, and Zynga, thinks that synthetic biology has already proven it can deliver economic value with its “epiphany” moment. “Synthetic biology companies are now becoming more like the disruptive, industrial-scale value propositions that define any technology business,” he told Reuters. “The things that sustain and accelerate this industry are today more effective, lower cost, more precise and more repeatable. That makes it easier to extract disruptive value.”
Experts met in London during the first week in April for a global synthetic biology conference. This meeting came only four weeks after researchers revealed they were almost finished synthesizing the entire genome of baker's yeast. This is significant in that yeast is a eukaryote, and its cells contain nuclei — just like ours. The yeast project has proven that large-scale DNA manipulation is possible. In practice, the scientists working on the project have treated the process as if they were “decoding” it, thereby learning to work with a novel programming language that has four chemical building blocks (A, C, G, and T) rather than 1s and 0s. This is a very relatable concept for tech investors who are looking for the next amazing breakthrough, and the numbers in synthetic biology prove it. According to synthetic biology network SynBioBeta, in 2016, a record $1.21 billion was invested in the synthetic biology sector worldwide. That's three times as much as in 2011 — and in that same amount of time. Further, the number of synthetic biology firms almost doubled to 411. A variety of synthetic biology companies are starting up, offering everything from new industrial chemicals to DNA synthesis and software — such as Britain's Synthace and Twist Bioscience in the U.S. This is a far cry from the original algal biofuel focus seen in synthetic biology circles, and many commentators think that's a good thing. Stanford University's Drew Endy explained to Reuters: “Why would you bank your whole platform on a bulk high-volume, low-price, low-margin product? It's baffling, not strategic.” Synbio firms have gotten smarter, too — not just in terms of the tech and science, but in drawing investment. Bolt Threads of California recently debuted yeast-derived spider's silk in the form of a limited edition $314 necktie. Their Japanese competitor, Spiber, created a spider-silk concept parka jacket. Gingko Bioworks of Boston is developing a synthetic rose oil for Robertet, a French fragrance house, and Evolva of Switzerland has created a vanilla extract that is free of petrochemicals — unlike most vanilla flavorings.
Synthesizing The Future As with any new technology — especially one that touches healthcare, food, and the environment — synthetic biology has its critics. In a time of rampant anti-GMO sentiments, it's no surprise that Friends of the Earth has described the vanillin derived from yeast as “extreme genetic engineering.” Other controversies, such as those surrounding de-extinction of species such as the Tasmanian tiger and the Woolly Mammoth, are making waves in both scientific and lay communities. However, the crux of the anti-synthetic biology argument is substantially the same as that of the anti-GMO argument: we shouldn't play God. If we do, there may be unpredictable, Frankenstein-esque consequences that we can't control. This argument isn't all that persuasive, primarily because it is neither evidence-based nor specific enough to mean much. Caution and scientifically rigorous process are certainly called for, as is the collaborative application of bioethics at these early stages in the game. These kinds of safety nets will bear far more protective fruit than either fear-mongering or outright prohibitions, especially considering how much we all stand to gain from synthetic biology. The field is likely to yield tremendous benefits to human health, numerous industries, and the environment. Scientists will use synthetic biology to identify and remove environmental contaminants from air and water. Engineers will apply synthetic biology to create devices to diagnose, monitor, and treat disease, and researchers will use it to develop new, more effective vaccines and drugs. Synthetic organs, organs on chips, and super biomaterials will be produced using this technology. Synthetic biology could be used to create living cell lines for pharmaceutical testing ,as well as increase efficiency in biomanufacturing and chemical technology.
Intrexon, which has been fighting Zika virus and other dangerous diseases by releasing genetically manipulated mosquitoes by the millions in Brazil, is providing an example of synthetic biology in action. While many critics have spoken up against Woolly Mammoth 2.0 or lab-grown meats — particularly since it's easier to criticize without a dire need or an essential, articulable problem to solve — it's harder to argue against a possible solution for mosquito-borne illnesses. Success for Intrexon will hopefully mean more acceptance for synthetic biology across the board.
La Conferencia Episcopal lo ha vuelto a permitir. Este viernes, con motivo de la conmemoración del 18 de julio -fecha en la que se produjo el Golpe de Estado contra la Segunda República-, la madrileña Iglesia de los Jerónimos ha homenajeado a Francisco Franco y a to-dos aquellos “valientes” que propiciaron la “salvación de España”.
El templo del facherío
No es la primera vez que la llamada iglesia de los Reyes abre sus puertas de par en par a la extrema derecha. Al menos desde el año 2008, este templo -en el que se ofició en noviembre de 1975 la solemne ceremonia de entronización de Juan Carlos I- es utilizado para rendir tributo a los “caídos por Dios y por España”. Una situación de la que son conscientes los máximos dirigentes de la Iglesia Católica.
Pasividad de los obispos
De hecho, en los últimos años, desde la Conferencia Episcopal se había solicitado a los sacerdotes que dirigen esta parroquia la supresión de cualquier referencia que incitase al odio y situase a la Iglesia católica como altavoz de la extrema derecha. Algunos obispos también pidieron que no se repitiesen situaciones como las acaecidas en noviembre de 2012, cuando un grupúsculo de nostálgicos del franquismo entonaron el Cara al Sol en las puertas del templo.
Descendientes y amigos de Francisco Franco en la Misa en memoria del alzamiento militar. Foto: J.M.G.
Ante la atenta mirada de los Franco
Pero este año, y ante “el auge de la extrema izquierda”, el párroco de la Iglesia de los Jerónimos ha optado por endurecer su mensaje exigiendo a los católicos “estar preparados” ante la posibilidad de iniciar una nueva cruzada “por Dios y por España”. Y lo ha hecho en la celebración de la homilía y ante la atenta mirada de los descendientes de Francisco Franco.
Defendiendo el Golpe de Estado
El párroco, ha comenzado su intervención reconociendo que el motivo para celebrar “esta santa misa” no es otro que recordar “una fecha histórica y central en la historia de la salvación de España”. En su opinión, el 18 de julio de 1936 se produjo “un alzamiento nacional de liberación tras un periodo oscuro de hostilidad católica” en la que reinaba una “ideología diabólica” y se “incendiaban iglesias y símbolos religiosos”.
“Hombres providenciales”
Fueron, a su entender, unos “años terribles” que “la Iglesia y muchos católicos sufrieron con extremada paciencia”. Sin embargo, el párroco ha resaltado que “cuando las cosas se pusieron peor, surgieron hombres providenciales enviados por Dios que dieron una respuesta a aquella situación”. Fueron “cristianos ejemplares que supieron discernir los signos de los tiempos y alzarse el 18 de julio de 1936 para evitar aquella situación”.
Homenaje a Franco
De todos ellos, “Dios quiso que dirigiera ese alzamiento Francisco Franco”, asumiendo el deber de “alzarse contra aquella situación”. Ahora -ha proseguido el sacerdote-, la Iglesia “no debe olvidar a esos valientes” con el fin de que “intercedan nuevamente por España”. Y es que para el párroco de la Iglesia de los Jerónimos, “España nuevamente está inmersa en una lucha (…) contra principados, autoridades y poderes que dominan el mundo de las tinieblas”.
Llamamiento golpista
“Nos enfrentamos -ha puntualizado-, contra los espíritus y las fuerzas sobrenaturales del mal”, tal y como se comprueba observando “el crecimiento de la extrema izquierda” y la “crisis espiritual” que sufre nuestro país. Por todo ello, ha realizado un llamamiento para que “igual que en los años treinta hubo hombres y mujeres valerosas que supieron dar respuesta, nosotros hoy también sepamos dar respuesta”.
“Tenemos que estar preparados”
En concreto, el sacerdote ha solicitado a los fieles “permanecer firmes”, ser conscientes de que “España no sufre una crisis económica o política, sino espiritual”, y ser capaces de “dar la batalla espiritual”. “Tenemos que estar preparados y debemos vivir muy unidos ante Dios, conscientes del momento en el que nos encontramos”, ha agregado.
Conclusión guerracivilista
“Debemos estar preparados. Y es en la gracia de Dios y la Iglesia donde encontraremos nuestra fuerza para la lucha. Dios nos dará luz para saber cómo debemos actuar. Por eso, pedimos a to-dos aquellos que ya están en el cielo y en la gloria, y que dieron su vida por Dios y por España, que intercedan por nosotros para saber dar el testimonio de la fe”, ha concluido.
A military school in Kansas is in the news again, this time for an alleged sexual assault inflicted upon a young boy by an elder student. St. John's Military School has suspended an 18-year-old cadet after he was arrested last week on charges of sexual battery at its Salina campus.
President Andy England says that school officials are working with the local police department to conduct an investigation into the allegations. They have confirmed that the victim is under the age of 18, and Police Lt. Scott Siemsen clarified that the cadet was not raped. Sexual battery in Kansas usually involves “unwanted touching or other inappropriate contact for the purposes of sexual gratification.” Further details are still being kept under wraps.
This is not St. John's first time at the rodeo when it comes to sexual and/or abusive assault accusations. The school is currently involved in a federal lawsuit filed by 11 former students and their families, who contend that the quasi-military cadet program encourages physical and mental abuse.
Court records show that the school has settled nine previous abuse-related lawsuits filed since 2006.
What the ... ? When I think of military boarding schools, I think of either a) the place to send your unruly child to straighten him out (we can't all time travel in a phone booth with Rufus and ‘Beeth-oven' a la Bill-and-Ted style to pass our history exams), or b) an elite academy where students are groomed to become leaders in their fields. I don't think about a place that turns a blind eye to the abuse of younger students by their elder classmates.
Settlements don't prove guilt any more than charges do, but come on -- something fishy seems to be going on. St. John's denies that a culture of abuse exists at the school, but something is not right. We have over 20 incidences in the last six or seven years where young boys have claimed to be abused.
The school uses a student-to-student disciplinary system, allowing the seniors to punish younger students. Past claims have included charges of binding, gagging, beating, and urinating as forms of correction. The parents of the allegedly abused students argue that more extensive security and surveillance should have been employed in the dorms where the kids lived.
I can't say that I disagree with that assessment, and I certainly hope that St. John's is taking measures to ensure the safety of their students. If nothing else, they should do so for their own protection -- if this abuse isn't actually occurring, then they're getting a bad rap for no reason at all.
Would you ever send your child to a boarding school? Does this story make you wary of the idea?
Image via KWCH 12
Yet throughout these years, a nagging truth has haunted me: Americans just don't seem to care that much. Even though 96 percent of America believes it is “important” to “reduce the influence of money in our politics,” the reality, as any political pundit will tell you, is that it is almost impossible to translate that belief into any meaningful political action.
This puzzle only increased for me over the first few days of the walk, a march across the Granite State that we were calling the New Hampshire Rebellion. People knew who we were. New Hampshire is a small state with a limited media market. The one major television station had covered our walk extensively. We were on a few popular radio shows. We'd done a good job promoting the walk on the web.
So as we walked, the people of New Hampshire reacted—wildly. They honked their horns, they came out in their pajamas, a woman painted a sign and put it on the front of her lawn. When we met them—at stores, on the street, or going door to door—they almost screamed their frustration with the current system. Indeed, one person did scream. Many were overjoyed that “someone was trying to do something about this.” Many remembered fondly the woman who had inspired us, Doris Haddock, aka “Granny D,” who 15 years before had begun a 13-month walk from Los Angeles to Washington with a single sign on her chest: “Campaign Finance Reform.” They were eager to see the movement that she started continue.
So why is it that face to face, people can be so passionate about this issue, but forget it in the voting booth? What would lead them to honk their horns, lean their bodies out from their cars, stop, to give their thumbs up, chant as we walked, and yet allow them to give politicians a free pass?
As I walked more, and thought about this apparent contradiction a lot more, a second number from that same poll became increasingly salient: While 96 percent of Americans do believe it important to reduce the influence of money in politics, 91 percent believe it is essentially not possible. It's like flying as Superman does, or traveling through time as starships in Star Trek did, or curing the incurable disease: Of course we all want that, but we're mature, we're adults, we know what we can't have, and so we don't waste our time pushing for things we can't have. We are resigned, as a people, to the corruption of this government. We have learned to accept a fate that seems unavoidable.
But here's the obvious fact: We may not be able to fly like Superman or travel like the Starship Enterprise, but we actually can end the system of corruption that has destroyed the capacity of our government to govern. Even without a constitutional amendment to deal with the mess that Citizens United created, we can radically change the economy of influence inside Washington, and undermine the economy of corruption that has overtaken it. A single statute could remake D.C., if only we could build the political pressure to force Washington to adopt it.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10 (UPI) -- A patron says she is suing a New York City concert hall because staff would not let her use the bathroom, even though she was 35 weeks pregnant.
Lindsay Ekizian of Long Island, N.Y., says the building supervisor at the Hammerstein Ballroom told her, "There's a bathroom at the end of the block," as she left a comedy show last October, the New York Post reported.
Management did not care that Ekizian had a baby pressing on her bladder and was desperate to use the ladies' room, a Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit filed last week said.
By the time she made it to a nearby diner, it was too late. She blames Hammerstein management for the humiliation of wetting her pants.
The Hammerstein Ballroom did not return calls for comment, the Post said.
Photographer Rania Matar created a project called “A girl and her room” where she photographed girls and young women in their bedrooms. It sounded like a really interesting project to me, so I clicked the link.
A couple of the rooms really struck me:
These girls have surrounded themselves with images that are impossible to achieve and, in some cases, highly sexualized. Thanks to photoshop, The MODELS in these photographs don't even look like the photos in real life.
Is it any surprise that girls would put so much emphasis on this when they live in such a thin-centric society? When the First Lady of the United States is at school shaming their fat classmates as a constant reminder of what will happen if they don't fit the very small “proper” height/weight ratio as defined by the sixty B…B…B… A Billion dollar a year diet industry? Even if they weren't hung intentionally as inspiration, what does it do to a girl to be surrounded by unattainable images in the room that is her sanctuary?
When I was a kid I had Rudyard Kiplings “If” on my ceiling (yes, I was a weird little kid) and 16 years later I can still recite the whole poem and it jumps into my head in lots of situations. Will these images sink in like that for these girls?
What can we do?
There have been some efforts to put warnings on photoshopped pictures and I think it might be a good idea. Even if they are aware that they are photoshopped, does it really sink in for these girls or does the diet industry's message that if you just have enough discipline you can have any sized body win out? What does it do to them subconsciously? It seems that at least they would have to see the label every time they look at the picture – that would be a start.
It's just a suggestion but it's time to do something because we can do better for our girls.
Peter de Melbourne was an important part of the Lancaster affinity, serving as the MP for Derbyshire as well as being Constable of Melbourne Castle pictured at the start of this post (don't go looking for it – there's only a small section of wall surviving).
Peter's parents also served in Lancaster's household. Amy Melbourne knew Katherine Swynford and Philippa Chaucer serving as she did in Constance of Castile's household. Like Katherine who raised her children alongside the duke's as part of her terms of employment as the Gaunt governess there is evidence to suggest that Amy fetched her son into Gaunt's household at an early age and as he grew was retained into the household – again in the way that Katherine Swynford did with her own son- Thomas Swynford. Amy's links to Katherine are even more defined by the fact that when Katherine was away from her duties as governess it was Amy who stepped into her shoes and that the Duke gave them identical gifts for the care of his children on at least one occasion (Weir: 120).
In 1376 Peter was indentured for life to John of Gaunt at a fee of £10 per year; in earlier years it had been £5. He gained the role of Constable of Melbourne Castle as well as keeper of the park at the same time. After Amy's death, parliamentary information reveals that he kept rents to the value of £66 per year which had formerly been his mother's. This together with a marriage to one of Sir Simon Handseacre's coheiresses made him a wealthy man and his fees would continue to grow with the passage of time marking his advancement in Gaunt's household and then in the household of Henry of Bolingbroke.
In fact Melbourne went with Henry in 1392 to Prussia as part of Bolingbroke's crusade – against the Lithuanians (it wasn't a wildly popular event)- and from there accompanied Henry to the Holy Land – a fact which marks him out as being close to Bolingbroke who took only a small party of his closest friends and supporters with him.
Melbourne must have been increasingly concerned that his loyalty to Lancaster led him into conflict with Richard II. Bolingbroke was one of the Lords Appellant and being, apparently, a cautious man Melbourne gained a letter of pardon from the king for his support of Henry and the other Lords Appellant.
In 1399 it looked like a very sensible thing to have gained. John of Gaunt was dead and Henry of Bolingbroke in exile while his own son, another Henry, was effectively hostage in Richard's custody. Looking at the dry accounts there doesn't seem much to tell – Melbourne appears to have jumped ship and gone over to Richard – the king confirmed Melbourne's annuities. Melbourne went to Ireland with Richard that same summer.
Except of course – he hadn't changed sides. Certainly Henry of Bolingbroke on becoming King Henry IV and locking his cousin away in Pontefract promptly granted Melbourne a fee of 100 marks a year and gave him lands in Derbyshire that had once belonged to Thomas Merke, Bishop of Carlisle and vociferous critic of the usurpation. The key to understanding the reward and what Melbourne was doing with Richard comes from recognizing the fact that Melbourne was appointed chamberlain of the household of the newly minted Prince Henry – the eldest son who'd found himself at the court of Richard. Melbourne would appear to have been caring for the Lancaster scion all along – and let's not forget that he turns up on Henry IV's wife's accounts as well, as one of her two esquires. Without a doubt Peter de Melbourne was at the heart of the Lancaster household. In March 1413 when Prince Henry became King Henry V, Melbourne was rewarded by the new king for his lifelong loyal service.
Melbourne died in 1418.
Weir, Alison (2011) Katherine Swynford – The Story of John of Gaunt and his Scandalous Duchess. London:Vintage
http://www.historyofparliamentonline.org/volume/1386-1421/member/melbourne-peter-1418
California lawmakers are looking to repeal a law that makes it a felony to intentionally infect someone with HIV, claiming it is “very discriminatory.”
The Associated Press reports the move, spearheaded by San Francisco Democratic Sen. Scott Wiener, will make it a misdemeanor, rather than a felony, to “intentionally expose someone to HIV.”
According to the bill, it is currently a felony, punishable by three, five or eight years in jail, to knowingly infect someone with HIV (emphasis added):
Existing law makes it a felony punishable by imprisonment for 3, 5, or 8 years in the state prison to expose another person to the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) by engaging in unprotected sexual activity when the infected person knows at the time of the unprotected sex that he or she is infected with HIV, has not disclosed his or her HIV-positive status, and acts with the specific intent to infect the other person with HIV.
The bill would repeal those punishments and make it a misdemeanor to infect someone with HIV on purpose.
The Associated Press notes that while intentionally infecting someone with HIV is a felony in California, infecting someone with a disease like hepatitis in only a misdemeanor.
Wiener justified his bill to reduce the penalty for intentionally infecting someone with HIV by saying, “These laws were passed at the height of the HIV/AIDS epidemic when there was enormous fear and ignorance and misinformation around HIV.”
“It's time for California to lead and to repeal these laws to send a clear signal that we are going to take a science-based approach to HIV, not a fear-based approach,” he continued.
Wiener also called the current law surrounding HIV to be “very discriminatory.”
KPCC reports Wiener said, “Having HIV does not make you a criminal and we shouldn't be singling out HIV among all infectious diseases for harsher treatment.”
“It's very discriminatory,” he claimed, adding, “We're not in the 1980s anymore. We need to base our laws on HIV on science and good public health — not on fear and stereotypes.”
LGBT Weekly reports another sponsor of the bill, San Francisco Democratic Assemblymember David Chiu, says the current laws are based on “homophobia.”
“As a former prosecutor, I know firsthand the need to get outdated and unscientific laws based on homophobia and fear off the books,” Chiu said. “These laws criminalize and stigmatize people with HIV, and they must be updated.”
So it's "homophobic," apparently, to punish people with a felony for intentionally giving someone a disease that destroys their immune system.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
However, his basic principles have been extolled upon by several other mainstream finance authors, as well as thousands of other self-proclaimed Bogleheads. If you subscribe to his ideas of low cost index investing, or simply browse their forums, you can probably call yourself a Boglehead too.
While researching my article on The Best Investors of All Time , the term Bogleheads kept coming up when I was researching Jack Bogle. For a quick refresher, Jack Bogle is the founder of Vanguard, and a champion of low-cost simple investing philosophies.
The Bogleheads Investing Forum is one of the most active, and honestly one of the best, resources when it comes to investing Q&A.
If you've searched for anything investing related, chances are you've stumbled across the Bogleheads at some point in time.
What Do Bogleheads Follow?
Bogleheads follow several simple investing philosophies:
1. Live Below Your Means
This is a simple strategy - spend less than you earn. Live below what you need. Save the rest. Frugality is important, but so is earning more.
2. Invest Early And Often
This is one of the main reasons why I started this site. I wanted to encourage young adults and college students to start investing. The earlier you start, the better you'll be financially.
3. Never Take On Too Much Risk, Or Accept Too Little
Investing is a game of risk - but you don't want to go crazy. You can lose money investing. In fact, many people have gone broke investing. But that's rare, and it's near impossible to lose all your money investing if you follow simple advice.
4. Diversify
It's important to never keep all your eggs in one basket. Look at the people who had all their investments with their company stock, and then their company goes bankrupt. Investing in low cost index funds gives you diversity in your portfolio, especially as you mix up stocks, bonds, and other asset classes.
5. Don't Time The Market
Time in the market is better than timing the market. You never will know when the top or bottom is, all you can do is invest for the long term.
6. Use Index Funds
Index funds are fantastic tools to diversify across the stocks. Heck, you can buy the total stock market in one index fund! When it comes to diversification at low cost, there's no better way to do it.
7. Keep Costs Low
Fees are going to be the number one detriment to long term investing success. Keep cost low. Invest in low-cost mutual funds, and be wary of advisor fees. Read this scary story if you dare.
8. Minimize Taxes
Taxes are the enemy - we all hate taxes. Make sure you're taking advantage of tax-deferred investment tools like a 401k or IRA to the max. If you're self employed, you have the solo 401k at your disposal that can really allow you to save.
9. Keep It Simple
Simplicity is important. The more complex you make things, the harder it is to manage. Investing can be simple. Pick a few funds, keep your accounts together, and watch your money grow.
10. Stay The Course
The stock market goes up and down. In fact, as of writing this, it's near all-time highs. It might crash. But you need to stay the course and keep investing for the long run. Buy low, sell high - don't fall for the panic and do it backwards.
How to be a Boglehead
Bogleheads invest and keep it simple by buying mutual funds or ETFs that try to mimic the entire market. Or, to build a proper asset allocation for their own individual needs, they may buy a stock mutual fund and bond mutual fund to be diversified in both asset classes. When buying these funds, they pay special attention to fees, and only invest in funds with low fees and expenses.
Taxes are also a huge consideration. To maximize tax efficiency, investment vehicles like 401ks and IRAs are the preferred mediums.
Finally, they stay the course - the stock market goes down, they keep investing. The stock market goes up, they keep investing.
The purple finch (Haemorhous purpureus) is a bird in the finch family, Fringillidae.
Taxonomy [ edit ]
This species and the other "American rosefinches" were formerly included with the rosefinches of Eurasia in the genus Carpodacus; however, the three North American species are not closely related to the rosefinches of the Old World, and have thus been moved to the genus Haemorhous by most taxonomic authorities.
It is included in the finch family, Fringillidae, which is made up of passerine birds found in the northern hemisphere, Africa, and South America. The purple finch was originally described by Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1789.[2]
There are two subspecies of the purple finch, H. p. purpureus and H. p. californicus. H. p. californicus was identified by Spencer F. Baird in 1858.[2] It differs from the nominate subspecies in that it has a longer tail and shorter wings. The plumage of both males and females is darker, and the coloration of the females is more greenish.[3] The bill of C. p. californicus is also longer than that of the nominate subspecies.[4]
Description [ edit ]
Adults have a short forked brown tail and brown wings and are about 15 cm (5.9 in) in length and weigh 34 g (1.2 oz).[5] Adult males are raspberry red on the head, breast, back and rump; their back is streaked. Adult females have light brown upperparts and white underparts with dark brown streaks throughout; they have a white line on the face above the eye.
Habitat and distribution [ edit ]
Their breeding habitat is coniferous and mixed forest in Canada and the northeastern United States, as well as various wooded areas along the U.S. Pacific coast. They nest on a horizontal branch or in a fork of a tree.[citation needed]
Birds from northern Canada migrates to the southern United States; other birds are permanent residents.[citation needed]
The purple finch population has declined sharply in the East due to the house finch. Most of the time, when these two species collide, the house finch outcompetes the purple finch. This bird has also been displaced from some habitat by the introduced house sparrow.[6]
Behavior [ edit ]
Diet [ edit ]
These birds forage in trees and bushes, sometimes in ground vegetation. They mainly eat seeds, berries, and insects. They are fond of sunflower seeds, millet, and thistle.
Cultural depictions [ edit ]
This is the state bird of New Hampshire. In 1763, Richard Brookes made the description of the female purple finch in Mexico with the name of "chiantototl" (chia seed bird).[7]
Story highlights China gathers 12,000 troops, 600 pieces of weaponry at desert training base
New stealth fighter and ICBM with multiple warheads attract attention
Beijing (CNN) Chinese leader Xi Jinping presided over a major military parade Sunday, hours after US President Donald Trump renewed his criticism over Beijing's failure to rein in North Korea.
The parade, long anticipated but only officially announced Saturday, was part of the celebrations of the 90th anniversary of the People's Liberation Army (PLA). It was also viewed as a potent reminder of Xi's firm grip on power ahead of a key Communist Party meeting this fall, where a major leadership reshuffle is expected.
Chinese troops march in formation on Sunday.
Unlike previous public displays of its growing military might, China held Sunday's event at the remote Zhurihe military base in Inner Mongolia -- instead of in the center of Beijing.
A Defense Ministry spokesman said Zhurihe -- Asia's largest military training center in the middle of a desert and complete with life-size mockup targets such as Taiwan's presidential palace -- was selected to highlight the PLA's combat readiness, but he emphasized that war-zone trainings had been long scheduled.
The parade marked the 90th anniversary of the People's Liberation Army.
"They have nothing to do with the current situation in the region," Col. Ren Guoqiang said in a statement.
Having a permissive open source policy is important if a company wants to recruit truly stellar programmers. Or put another way: great programmers will be less inclined to work for you if you have a restrictive open source policy because being involved in open source projects is one of the best ways for a programmer to increase his market value.
Traditional methods for measuring programming ability are ineffective
The job market for programmers, especially the top programmers, is notoriously inefficient. This inefficiency is due to employers lacking good methods for evaluating programmers. The standard techniques used to evaluate programmers -- resumes, on-the-spot coding questions, take-home projects -- are at best crude approximations of a programmer's ability, and none of them will be indicators of the truly visionary people. Sure, there are other indicators like being involved in successful companies or having past impressive titles, but those are still indirect indicators of programming ability.
If you're a programmer, this difficulty in measuring your skill means its really difficult to make a potential employer's perceived value of you match your actual value. Top programmers aren't differentiated from the next tier of programmers and get badly mispriced in the market. Top programmers need better mechanisms to communicate their value so that they can be priced more fairly in the market.
Open source makes the market for an individual programmer more efficient
Open source is an equalizer. An open source project shows how a programmer goes about solving real problems that didn't have serviceable solutions yet. An open source project has much greater scope than anything that can be given to a programmer in a job interview and shows the kind of quality work a programmer produces from design to implementation to testing. If you're an awesome programmer, this means you can significantly reduce that gap between perceived and actual value and be priced more fairly in the job market.
The more mispriced a programmer, the more that programmer should desire being involved in open source to normalize his perceived value. The most mispriced programmers are those at the high end, the so-called "rock stars" and "ninjas", so these programmers have the most to gain from open source.
A restrictive open source policy prevents stellar programmers from raising their market value
Since the best programmers have a strong incentive to build their open source portfolio, they should avoid working at companies with restrictive open source policies and prefer to work at companies with permissive open source policies. This means that companies with restrictive open source policies are putting up a barrier to recruiting stellar engineers.
Companies may dislike open sourcing internal projects for a variety of reasons. They may feel like they are giving code away to potential competitors. They may not like the fact that they're making their own employees more expensive by allowing them to normalize their values in the market. They may feel that open source distracts the team from building out the products of the business. These are the tradeoffs in having a permissive open source policy and are tradeoffs that must be made to have access to "rock stars".
Companies receive other benefits from open sourcing projects. Open source helps give the company a strong technology brand in the engineering community. Additionally, open source can give the company access to speaking engagements at user groups and conferences which is a great way to get the company's name out there and source candidates. Finally, there's the obvious benefit that the company can receive "free work" from outside contributions to their open source projects.
This knowledge isn't universal yet
A lot of programmers don't yet realize the value of having an open source portfolio, and there are certainly great programmers working for companies with restrictive open source policies. However, as more and more programmers realize how open source can increase their value, more and more companies will use a permissive open source policy as a recruitment tool. For example, my company BackType has a very permissive open source policy, and we're hiring.
Of course, it takes more than having a permissive open source policy to recruit the superstar programmers. It's just that not having a permissive policy will eventually become a barrier to recruiting those programmers at all.
You should follow me on Twitter here.
Though it's a controversial assertion, observers often point to a link between acts of terrorism and poverty.
In the case of Mohamed Osman Mohamud, the 19-year-old arrested Friday for allegedly trying to blow up an Oregon Christmas tree lighting ceremony, the FBI itself may have created that link.
According to the New York Times, the FBI placed Mohamud on a terror watch list, making it impossible for the young man to fly to Alaska to take a summer job. It was only after Mohamud was blocked from taking the job in June of this year that the FBI — which had been monitoring him since 2009 — made contact with the suspect.
The Times reports:
The FBI's surveillance started in August 2009 after agents intercepted his e-mails with a man he had met in Oregon who had returned to the Middle East, according to a law enforcement official who described the man as a recruiter for terrorism. According to the affidavit, the man had moved to Yemen and then northwest Pakistan, a center of terrorism activity. Mr. Mohamud was then placed on a watch list and stopped at the Portland airport in June 2010 when he tried to fly to Alaska for a summer job.
Later in June, aware of Mr. Mohamud's frustrated attempts to receive training as a jihadist overseas, an undercover agent first made contact with him, posing as an associate of the man in Pakistan. On the morning of July 30, the F.B.I. first met with Mr. Mohamud in person to initiate the sting operation.
The revelation adds fuel to the fire of critics who argue the FBI's sting operation manufactured — rather than stopped — a domestic terrorist.
“So, after blocking his domestic travel to accept work in Alaska, the FBI began their aggressive contacts with this ‘terrorist' who'd seen his employment prospects dashed. Certainly, a newly unemployable youngster would be more amenable to their entreaties, right?” writes Teddy Partridge at FireDogLake, who first flagged the Times report.
Salon.com's Glenn Greenwald writes:
It may very well be that the FBI successfully and within legal limits arrested a dangerous criminal intent on carrying out a serious Terrorist plot that would have killed many innocent people, in which case they deserve praise. Court-approved surveillance and use of undercover agents to infiltrate terrorist plots are legitimate tactics when used in accordance with the law. But it may also just as easily be the case that the FBI — as they've done many times in the past — found some very young, impressionable, disaffected, hapless, aimless, inept loner; created a plot it then persuaded/manipulated/entrapped him to join, essentially turning him into a Terrorist; and then patted itself on the back once it arrested him for having thwarted a “Terrorist plot” which, from start to finish, was entirely the FBI's own concoction.
Federal agents noticed Mohamud in December 2009, after he allegedly communicated with someone in northwest Pakistan, “an area known to harbor terrorists,” according to the FBI affidavit.
Agents claimed that Mohamud revealed himself to be the author of a bizarre 2009 article for the English-language “Jihad Recollections” magazine. The story made headlines for its comical images of masked fighters helping each other exercise.
In the months following, agents ostensibly worked him up to the point where he was willing to flip the switch on a car bomb. Agents even took Mohamud to a secluded location to blow up a bomb they placed in a backpack, allegedly as a test run.
Mohamud was arrested by FBI agents and Portland police around 5:40 pm Friday, after he attempted to remotely detonate what he believed to be an explosives-laden van.
— With earlier reporting by Stephen C. Webster
A Limerick man who attempted to travel to Iraq to fight Isis was detained by airport security in London before his flight was due to depart.
A Limerick man who attempted to travel to Iraq to fight Isis was detained by airport security in London before his flight was due to depart.
Irishman stopped by airport security after attempting to travel to fight Isis
David Hayes was due to fly to Turkey and on to an Assyrian base near Mosul, Iraq, where he would take up arms in the fight against Islamic State.
The Kileely man has been left “disheartened” after being detained by anti-terrorism police in Gatwick Airport, who said that despite his “honourable intentions” they could not permit him to travel.
He was detained for several hours at the airport, where he was questioned by plain-clothes airport police.
Mr Hayes said that he feels a “strong moral obligation to help the people who are suffering under Isis atrocities”, and he sees the Assyrian militia Dwekh Nawsha as a way to join the fight.
Speaking before his flight, he explained his reasons for wishing to join the Christian military group.
“I've been observing what Isis are doing in Syria and Iraq and throughout the world,” he said.
David was struck with the urge to take action when he saw a disturbing photograph of a child who had been killed by Islamic State.
David Hayes was due to fly to Turkey and on to an Assyrian base near Mosul, Iraq,
“When I saw that, something in my heart just said I have to do something,” he said.
“I felt morally obligated to not just be a casual observer and have an opinion on Facebook about it, but to actually volunteer.
“So that's what I said to the Assyrian people, I told them that I want to volunteer and put myself forward.
“That was two years ago, in 2014,” he said.
The Dwekh Nawsha is a military organisation set up to defend the Assyrian Christian minority in Iraq's northern Nineveh province. The group also works to retake land controlled by Isis, and they fight alongside the Kurdish Peshmerga and the Iraqi armed forces against Islamic State.
A descendent of 1916 hero John Devoy, David likens his cause to that of the Irish rebels.
“The most vile organisation ever to spring up in mankind's history, in my opinion, is Isis. And the Assyrians are fighting for their survival. So I believe that I'm representing Ireland as well,” he said.
“I have to commit to four months, you're asked to commit to three months. You can't just land as a volunteer and after two weeks decide you're out, that it's not for you.
“I'm a little bit scared, yes. I'm a little bit nervous, but I feel duty bound to go ahead and do it,” he said.
Although stopped from travelling this time, David Hayes remains hopeful to join the militia.
“No, I haven't given up in regards to Isis or any grouping that threatens our way of life and who oppress and murder others.”
This week began with news that an operation has begun to retake Mosul by Iraqi armed forces and allies, including Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and several paramilitary groups representing religious minorities, including Shia Islam and Christian militias.
David was at least the third volunteer to have been stopped in Gatwick in two weeks, with one of those going to fight for ISIS.
Online Editors
If you find yourself walking on Red River near 12th Street downtown, stop for second. Glance toward the state Capitol and enjoy a view that cost the city millions. This is the site of the biggest snag in Austin's ambitious plan to harness the flood waters of Waller Creek. But now, after nearly 20 year of work, the project may be close to complete.
The Waller Creek flood control project is a $163 million investment to reshape Austin by lifting 28 acres of prime downtown real estate out of a floodplain. It aims to do that by channeling stormwater from the creek into a massive underground tunnel where it can flow safely into Lady Bird Lake.
But the project has been plagued by setbacks and cost overruns. Most famously at that spot on 12th and Red River, the inlet facility that takes in water was found to block a legally protected view of the Capitol. The facility had to be re-engineered, costing the city millions.
That was a low point. But since then “the team has come together,” says Ramesh Swaminathan, project operations maintenance manager.
“We are kind of at a point where we are ready,” he says. “We want to put all these things in and try testing it out.”
By “things,” he means the equipment, the pumps, filters and debris-removing claws that are necessary to realize the plan.
“You get caught up in the sausage-making,” he says, “but sometimes you've got to step back and say, 'Wow, this is so cool what we're doing.'”
That's because of what Swaminathan refers to as the “adjacencies,” though really, they are anything but.
From the state Capitol to Lady Bird Lake, billions of dollars of private development is riding on the success of the project, as is a massive multimillion dollar redevelopment of Austin's public spaces. The expected increase in downtown tax revenue is also being eyed hungrily by city officials to answer problems as diverse as homelessness to traffic on I-35.
It's a lot to put on one little creek – or city engineers for that matter.
“A lot of the pressure that comes off is a bigger project that's coming, and they all want to get stuff done,” says Swaminathan. “And all along the way we still need to maintain flood protections. I mean, if you can't do that you can't do anything else.”
Two other water inlets on Fourth and Eighth streets that were supposed to be complete to have also fallen behind schedule. Engineers say that's because of damage from storms last year.
But the delays haven't held back private development.
“We've already seen numerous development come and get permits and you're seeing project already underway because of the benefits of the floodplain reduction,” says Jorge Morales, assistant director of Austin's Public Works Department.
I met Morales at the end of the project, where the tunnel will empty water into Lady Bird Lake. This section is technically complete. But on that morning, people at a nearby café stared as contractors used a crane to hoist equipment and people in and out of the massive hole in the ground, something Morales called routine contract work.
He says the full project should be finished by the end of this year. After that, the city will submit paperwork to FEMA to request that the flood plain be officially redesignated. Officials are confident that will happen.
1 of 30 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Jamie Anderson wins second gold for U.S. in slopestyle View Photos Bode Miller disappoints in men's downhill, team figure skating: Highlights from Day 2 of competition in the 2014 Winter Games Caption Jamie Anderson wins gold in slopestyle, Bode Miller disappoints in men's downhill, team figure skating: Highlights from Day 2 of competition at the 2014 Winter Games. Feb. 9, 2014 American snowboarder Jamie Anderson competes in the women's slopestyle final during the Sochi Winter Olympics on Feb. 9. The 23-year-old won a gold in the event, the second Olympic gold for the U.S., and third medal overall. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Jamie Anderson wears a string of wooden beads around her neck. “My mantra beads,” she explained. They're from a friend who made them “with, like, sacred energy put into them.”
Anderson wears a large quartz crystal, too. “A power stone,” she calls it. And also a triangular moonstone. After her stellar performance Sunday in the women's slopestyle competition, she has a new piece of neckware: an Olympic gold medal.
“Oh, my gosh, it's mind-blowing,” she said.
Since she was a teen, Anderson has been one of the most successful slopestyle competitors on any mountain. She filled her trophy case with eight Winter X Games medals and found the podium in so many other big events. At 23, she's the most dominant female rider the young discipline has seen, and here at the Sochi Games, her gold-medal run provided undeniable confirmation.
“You can come in as the best athlete with all these accolades and awards and medals behind you in the past,” said Mike Jankowski, head coach of the U.S. freeskiing and snowboarding teams, “but what matters are those 45 seconds from when you drop into the course and when you make the finish. That's the most important time to cement your place and your legacy, and that's what she was able to do here today.”
Anderson's medal marked the third for the Americans in the Sochi Games and the second gold. It was also the first ever awarded in women's slopestyle, a high-flying snowboarding competition featuring rails and big jumps that made its debut here. At 15, Anderson was once the youngest Winter X Games medalist, but now that her sport has reached the Olympic stage, she said she could sense the pressure building. How exactly does one deal with such a unique stress? Candles, yoga, meditation maybe?
“All of the above,” she explained at a news conference. “I was just talking about that. Last night, I was so nervous. I couldn't even eat. I was trying to calm down. Put on some meditation music, burn some sage. Got the candles going. Just trying to do a little bit of yoga. . . . It was all about good vibration. Thankfully, I slept really good. I did some mantras. It worked out for me.”
Mountains of the Olympics See why altitude matters
Sitting next to her on the dais, bronze medalist Jenny Jones couldn't hide her laughter. The British rider was asked what she did the night before the competition to calm nerves. “Actually, last night I watched ‘Downton Abbey,' ” Jones said.
More MTV than BBC, Anderson, a native of Lake Tahoe, Calif., said she rode the “good vibes,” believed in “the power of now,” harnessed “all the Cali love” and relied on her “spirit grandma” — an 80-something-year-old neighbor who made the trip to Russia.
As if Anderson's blond hair, new-age underpinning and laid-back 'tude weren't enough, even the way she moves on the hill leaves no doubts.
“She's a California girl,” Jankowski said. “She's got that kind of surf style. She stays nice and low throughout all of her tricks.”
In Sunday's slopestyle finals, Anderson had a smooth first run — her score of 80.75 good enough for the second-best score midway through the competition — but was far from perfect. The bar was quickly raised in the second round when Jones wowed the crowd and earned a score of 87.25 from the judges. Then Finland's Enni Rukajarvi eventually topped the entire field with a 92.5.
Anderson could only wait. When it was finally her turn — the 10th of 12 riders — she stood in fifth place and needed a big run. She inched her snowboard closer to the start, took a deep breath and let it all play out in her mind. “I saw myself landing and the happiness with my family and all the love and support coming around,” she said.
With more freestyle events, the Sochi Olympics will look more like the Winter X Games than ever before. (Associated Press)
Pressures lifted. Stressors vanished. Coaches had seen it happen before. There's a transformation of sorts that takes place, and Bill Enos, the U.S. slopestyle coach, always spots in the seconds before Anderson start a run. “You can just see everything release from her body,” he said, “and she just goes.”
Suddenly, Anderson and her board were cutting through the snow, gliding along the rails and floating off the jumps. She reached the bottom and listened for the score. The judges gave her a 95.25, vaulting her into first.
Soon she was bouncing on the medalists' podium, pumping her hands in the air. Not long after, Enos zombie-walked toward reporters at the base of the hill. “Am I dreaming? Are you people real?” he asked, pinching one. “Yes, oh, everyone here is real.”
Anderson's place in slopestyle history was secure before Sunday's gold-medal performance. She dominated so consistently at Winter X Games and the Winter Dew Tour. But this was something else entirely. Her sport always had its star; it finally had a fitting stage.
“It just feels out of control,” she said. “I can't even explain what I'm processing right now.”
Twenty-four hours earlier, Sage Kotsenburg was a virtual unknown. He won gold in the men's slopestyle event, and suddenly his face was on the front page of newspapers, and TV networks were eager to book him. Anderson is much more established in her sport, and her future won't likely be the same. Though those who know her can't imagine that she'll change much.
“Jamie's such an amazing person, I don't know if she even had to win a gold medal to be as awesome as she is,” Enos said. “But she went out and did it anyhow.”
South Korea resumed its loudspeaker broadcast campaign on Jan. 8 after North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test. / Yonhap
By Lee Han-soo
The South Korean army is considering adding an electronic display of K-pop girl bands to its loudspeaker broadcasts towards North Korea, in its latest psychological warfare bid.
The move follows the North's fifth nuclear test Friday, as the South plans new sanctions and countermeasures against the hermit kingdom, according to TV Chosun.
The electronic display, which was last used in 2004, will show K-pop girl bands and international and domestic news to the North. A mobile version of the display ― which can be seen up to 15 kilometers ― also is being considered.
And the army will increase the number of loudspeakers fourfold.
The army believes the measures will have a big impact on North Koreans living near the border.
Suspected Boko Haram gunmen on Thursday opened fire on a church in Dorowa in Nigeria's north eastern state of Yobe, killing the pastor and his two children before setting fire to the building and fleeing, the military said.
Boko Haram, which has said it is fighting to create an Islamic state in mainly Muslim northern Nigeria, has repeatedly attacked churches in its four-year insurgency.
“Unknown gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram terrorists attacked” the church in Yobe state early on Thursday, area military spokesman Eli Lazarus said in a statement.
“During the attack, a pastor and his two children were killed,” he said.
The church “and two other houses in the community were burnt by the gunmen before fleeing the scene of the incident,” the statement further said.
The killings occurred in the town of Dorawa, some 30 kilometres (18 miles) from the site of a brutal school attack in July that saw dozens of students slaughtered.
Yobe was one of three northeastern states placed under a state of emergency in mid-May as the military launched a major offensive aimed at crushing Boko Haram.
Yobe has seen less violence than neighbouring Borno state, Boko Haram's base, but the insurgents have carried out major attacks there.
Attacks on churches, including suicide bombings, were once a near weekly occurence but have declined in recent months.
Since the emergency measures were imposed Boko Haram has largely targeted civilians as well as vigilante groups which have formed to help the military.
The latest violence came after the emergence of a new video, in which a man who resembles Boko Haram's leader mocked reports of his possible death.
Abubakar Shekau, declared a global terrorist by the United States, taunted the regional military spokesman who said he “may have been” fatally wounded in a clash on June 30.
While Shekau's whereabouts and condition are unknown, the violence has continued, casting doubt on the success of the four-month-old military offensive.
The Boko Haram conflict was earlier this year estimated to have killed more than 3,600 people, including deaths caused by the security forces. The current toll is likely much higher.
Share this: Tweet
More
WhatsApp
Every month, Steam provides an update on the breakout of which platforms are most popular among their gaming customers. For the longest time, Windows 7 was the most popular platform, but Windows 10 has made steady progress and surpassed its predecessor some time ago in becoming the most popular Steam gaming platform.
In August, Windows 10 made up almost half of the systems running the Steam client. Specifically, 48.62% of Steam PCs are running a variant of Windows 10, with the 64-bit version making up 47.44% all by itself. Windows 7 dropped to 34.62% of users, continuing the trend of seeing Microsoft's newest OS become prominent for PC gamers.
Here's a complete overview of the PC gaming systems in use by Steam customers:
There's some wiggle room in the numbers, and so it's entirely possible that Windows 10 was only slight less dominant than it appears here. By that token, however, Windows 10 could have been even more dominant. The most important conclusion to draw is that at least among gamers, Microsoft is making some nice headway in pushing Windows 10 to the masses. Let us know in the comments if you agree that Windows 10 is the premier PC gaming platform.
Share This
Further reading: Gaming
Apparently some other coaches recruiting Karl Towns Jr seem to think that 2015's top player Karl Town Jr is going to be a Kentucky Wildcat. I'm not sure how solid that information is as according to Adam Zagoria, a coach said that because Towns mom spent time talking to Orlando Antigua at a workout Thursday night. It's still a long ways off for Towns to make his decision though, so lets not get too excited, but Zagoria admits that Kentucky is in pretty good shape:
The 6-foot-11 Towns is only a rising sophomore and still a long way from making a decision, but there's no doubt Kentucky, which offered him a scholarship earlier this month, stands in a unique position with him.
Wildcats coach John Calipari and Antigua coached him all summer with the Dominican Republic National Team that played an exhibition against Team USA in Las Vegas. While Towns may ultimately end up at Kentucky in 2015, he's still going through the process right now. He plans on visiting Florida in October and will attend a football game. He is also interested in visiting Michigan soon but has no date confirmed.
Don't expect other schools to just lay down and let Calipari take Towns Jr. Take it how you will, but West Virginia just added Towns relative and former guard Da'Sean Butler as a grad assistant.
This weekend was a big recruiting weekend for John Calipari and his staff as the top recruit in the 2013 class, Julius Randle, paid a visit to Lexington and took in the UK Alumni game. The Courier Journal talked to Randle's mother Carolyn Kyles about the visit in advance and it seems like Randle was pretty darn excited to get to Lexington:
The Courier-Journal: In general, are you all pretty excited about getting out there and taking the visit to Kentucky? Carolyn Kyles: We are. We're real excited. Julius was just skipping and dancing around (Thursday night) as he was packing, and I was just like, ‘You're excited, aren't you? You're excited, right?' He was like, ‘Yeah, I'm ready to get to the airport.' They have so much going on this weekend with that alumni game, and Drake, who is one of his favorite rappers, is going to be there. So he's excited about seeing him. We wish Jay-Z would pop in, but I guess not. (Laughing) The Courier-Journal: I guess there will be several of these guys there who have been drafted recently. Is Julius looking forward to meeting those guys, and do you think that will make any kind of impression on him? Carolyn Kyles: I think he's looking forward to meeting them because (NBA players) he has had a chance to meet and had a chance to talk to when he went to the Elite 24 (all-star game) in Venice Beach last year – Tyreke Evans was there – … it's always good to talk to people at the next level and meet them and find out the change from high school to college to the pros and what he needs to do to get better. That's one thing you can do is always get better. … Talking to them, he can get some ideas about things he can do and practice and can work on to help him get to the next level.
In other recruiting news, John Calipari will be paying a visit to Andrew Wiggins today in West Virginia.
It's one thing to get all these top rated players on campus for visits, but the one thing that Calipari has done better than any other coaches is to get these future NBA players to buy into his system and to share playing time, virtually ego free. The big question is not if certain players will come to Kentucky, but if they can co-exist in Calipari's system. One of the players that seems to like Kentucky but seemed to have concerns about the influx of talent is James Young. Most people think that Young likes Kentucky but would not go there if said, the Harrison twins or Andrew Wiggins. That is not necessarily the case, according to his Godfather, Sean Mahone said:
Story highlights Young man assaulted by school officer may have been a student at school where the incident occurred
Actions of Baltimore school police officer are subject of a criminal investigation
Video shows officer slapping and cursing at young man
The chief of school police and two other officers have been placed on leave
(CNN) A young man who is seen in a cell phone video being slapped and kicked by a Baltimore school officer "is believed to be a student" at the school where he was assaulted, officials said Friday.
The school system's top cop and two other officers were placed on administrative leave Wednesday after the video's release.
A lawyer for the officer seen striking the teenager has said his client was responding to a report of an intruder on the grounds of Reach! Partnership School. School officials originally said they were unsure he was enrolled at the school.
In a statement Friday, the school system said it had scheduled an interview with the young man and his parents.
"The young man is believed to be a student on the school's roster," said the statement, adding that the system's internal affairs investigator as well as city police and prosecutors were reviewing the incident.
Read More
The greatest football-related program in television history just received assurance from the NFL that it will continue to air the show even if no team is interested in subjecting itself to the national spotlight.
A source in the room told NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport the league passed a rule Tuesday during the NFL Fall Meeting that will compel one team per year to participate in the HBO/NFL Films joint venture, "Hard Knocks."
The league still will ask for volunteers. If one is not forthcoming, a team will be appointed. All organizations will be eligible with the exception of those that have a first-year head coach; teams that have made the playoffs in at least one of the last two seasons; and teams that have participated in the previous 10 seasons.
This is a tacit acknowledgment from the NFL that the show's range and power are an invaluable asset to professional football, regardless of any perceived invasion of privacy.
Fans will continue to revel in the now classic training-camp story lines, including the lovable underdog, coach tantrums, position battles and rookie hazing.
I'm already looking forward to another rendition of Dan Hanzus' entertaining and all-encompassing "Hard Knocks" recaps.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" recapped every Week 5 game. Click here to listen.
Last week, a new report showed that house prices nationwide were off 14.1 percent from a year ago, while the Commerce Department said sales of new homes remained near their lowest levels since 1991.
THE market here isn't like those of Florida or California, which have followed a boom-and-bust pattern, or of Cleveland, where foreclosures have overwhelmed entire neighborhoods. Instead, what's playing out here is a kind of paralysis, with wide swaths of the market frozen and only the very top end showing signs of life.
This may hint at what's in store for other real estate markets around the nation that managed to avoid the excesses of the last decade but still find themselves struggling now. Indeed, the recent economic trajectory of Greensboro, a city of 242,000 smack in the middle of the rolling Carolina Piedmont, has run parallel to that of the country as a whole.
Sales of existing homes here are down 22.5 percent from the first quarter of 2007, according to G. Donald Jud, a University of North Carolina economist who tracks the market for local Realtors, compared with a 21.7 percent drop in home sales nationally. Unemployment in the Greensboro area averaged 5.1 percent in April, versus 5 percent nationwide. The mortgage delinquency rate of 4.04 percent, meanwhile, is nearly identical to the country's rate, 4.35 percent.
Photo
“In some ways, Greensboro got caught up in the national housing boom,” Mr. Jud says. “It was neither a bubble nor a bust, but people in the middle are now feeling the pinch from rising costs and getting overextended.”
Greensboro has fared better than other places in terms of foreclosures, though they were up 23 percent in April, versus the same month a year earlier; nationally, the jump was roughly 65 percent. “But that's still pretty high for us,” Mr. Jud says. “The market is still weakening, inventories are growing and sales prices are dropping.” Across the nation, foreclosures are expected to keep rising, flooding the market with more homes.
In Greensboro at the end of the first quarter, nearly 2,500 homes were on the market, up nearly 12 percent from December. And it's midprice residences that have been the hardest hit. While sales of properties valued at less than $150,000 are down 13.3 percent from a year ago, sales of homes between $150,000 and $350,000 are off more than 27 percent.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The one exception to this otherwise sobering picture is Irving Park, a gracious neighborhood where some of Greensboro's original tobacco and textile heirs still reside. Like other wealthy enclaves such as Menlo Park, Calif., Irving Park has escaped much of the downdraft affecting outlying suburbs like Summerfield, where the Schneiders' home is for sale.
But over drinks in the wood-paneled dining room of the Greensboro Country Club, there are whispers that even Irving Park may be susceptible to the downturn. More properties are selling at substantial discounts, at least one member's million-dollar home is in foreclosure, and a prominent local bankruptcy lawyer says he is seeing a new kind of client.
As recently as two years ago, says the lawyer, Charles M. Ivey III, “I felt like I was a veterinarian for dinosaurs — clients were disappearing.” Now, he's seeing more and more of what he calls “paper millionaires,” real estate investors who thought that the good times would go on forever. “Mostly they bought a slew of properties, hoping to flip them and with refinancing, they thought they could stretch it out,” Mr. Ivey says. “Hopefully, we can buy enough time to sell off their properties.”
THE brick house on Robdot Drive in Oak Ridge is just a 10-minute drive from the Schneiders' place in Summerfield, and it looks like any other of the prosperous homes that have sprung up like mushrooms from the red clay earth here over the last five years. Come closer and you quickly realize that something's not quite right: weather-proofing peeks out from around the front door, and an open garage reveals that the interior of the house contains little more than bare wooden beams.
Construction here stopped abruptly months ago, and now it's just one of scores of McMansions nearby sitting empty and forlorn on what was farmland until a few years ago. Tobacco barns still dot the landscape, but the farms they once served are gone, paved over by developers and other speculators who figured that housing prices could only keep climbing. “It was like, ‘Build it and they will come,' ” says Lewis Tillman, who, with his wife Tara, owns Westchester Realty. “Except they didn't come.”
To make matters worse, these outlying suburbs were built on the premise of cheap gasoline, says Keith G. Debbage, a geography professor at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro who tracks the local economy. With gas at $4 a gallon, he says, “travel costs are now a serious consideration.” Oak Ridge and Summerfield are bedroom communities, he notes, and many commuters drive 30 to 45 minutes each way to jobs in Greensboro and Winston-Salem. “People are doing a serious rethinking of where they live,” he adds.
Photo
Now reality has caught up with the hopes that animated so many real estate markets around the country. When the Tillmans moved down to Greensboro from Cortlandt Manor, N.Y., four years ago and discovered these fast-growing suburbs, Mrs. Tillman says, “we thought we'd be flipping homes. Now there's just so much inventory out there.”
In one Oak Ridge subdivision, Mrs. Tillman's client is asking $409,000 for a brand new four-bedroom with granite countertops in the kitchen and a Jacuzzi-style bath. She just marked it down from $422,000, but given the slow pace of sales in the neighborhood, that may not be enough. “Builders just kept putting up one spec house after another,” she says.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
About 18 months ago, adds Casey Durango, a broker at Yost & Little, builders could hardly keep pace with demand. “They were selling drawings,” she says.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When buyers do turn up nowadays, she says, “they smell blood in the water and routinely offer 15 to 20 percent below the asking price.”
ONE big reason buyers are being so conservative is that mortgage standards have tightened considerably. “We've kind of gone back to the old days,” says Christie Caldwell, who has worked as a mortgage broker in Greensboro since 1986. While some analysts say lenders have overreacted, Ms. Caldwell says they are simply being prudent.
Traditionally, she explains, homebuyers who put down less than 20 percent were required to pay for private mortgage insurance. But at the height of the bubble, banks turned a blind eye as borrowers did an end run around the rules by taking out two mortgages, Ms. Caldwell says. That's much harder to do these days, she says.
Similarly, homebuyers with lower credit scores often have to put more down. Everything just seems more difficult, she says. “Before, we could quote rates without knowing credit scores, debt-to-income ratios and the size of the down payment.”
The resulting crunch is now also affecting both white-collar and blue-collar workers who had depended on the real estate market for employment. Kavanagh Homes, a local builder that specializes in the middle and low end of the market, has cut its work force by half. “We've had to really pull our horns in,” says the firm's president, John Kavanagh.
One home appraiser in the area, Rai Alexander of Taylor Pope & Herring, says the first four months of 2008 “were the slowest I've had in my career, and I've been in the business since 1991.”
Photo
The recent surge in gas prices has been an added burden, since Mr. Alexander covers the cost of fuel himself and typically spends $45 to $50 a week on gas. “I try to bunch up my appointments together so as not to drive back and forth to the office too much,” he says. To make extra money, he also works part-time as a bartender at the Greensboro Coliseum, a local arena, and, with his wife, Denise, has cut back on going out to restaurants.
“It seemed like things just sort of stopped after Christmas,” he says.
Mr. Alexander, 48, grew up in Irving Park and still enjoys driving past fashionable addresses like Country Club Drive, telling stories about Greensboro's old-money families, like the Cones, who founded Cone Mills and made the denim for Levi's jeans. Although Cone Mills went bankrupt in 2004, and other local textile makers have cut thousands of jobs, you wouldn't know it from visiting Irving Park. It has long been among the wealthiest census tracts in the state, according to Mr. Debbage, with a median income of $122,052 in 2000.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“New money has flooded into the neighborhood, with younger people buying older homes and tearing them down,” Mr. Alexander says. “I couldn't afford to buy.” He now lives in Summerfield, the same suburb where the Schneiders are trying to sell their home.
Sitting in the Sunset Bar of the Greensboro Country Club, Gary Jobe is still enthusiastic about Irving Park, especially the profitability of pulling down older homes on big lots and putting up one, or sometimes two, in their place. A third-generation Greensboro builder with a high-end clientele, Mr. Jobe's business in Irving Park is thriving.
Mr. Debbage says the very top end of the market in Irving Park is unlikely to feel anywhere near as much pain as newer, middle-class neighborhoods. “There's a certain cachet and social prestige that's hard to replicate elsewhere,” he says. “It's been like that for a century, and it has built up over multiple generations. For those folks to be impacted, you'd have to see a very severe recession.”
For those in Greensboro who are less fortunate than many residents of Irving Park, this is a time of waiting. Not just for all those empty houses to start selling again, or for gas prices to drop. Like the rest of the country, anxious homeowners who have no intention of moving are watching to see if the recent rate cuts by the Federal Reserve put a floor under falling real estate values.
LOCAL residents are also talking up the opening of two projects they hope will replace some of the high-paying jobs lost when the domestic textile industry foundered. After 10 years of planning, FedEx expects to open a new hub at the Greensboro airport next year, which will eventually employ up to 1,500. Nearby, Honda Aircraft is building a new headquarters and factory.
“I don't know if it will be enough, but it will certainly help,” Mr. Debbage says of the new employers.
Although it will be years before these projects begin to pay dividends, would-be real estate tycoons are still hoping against hope for a quick turnaround.
Driving down the country roads near his horse farm in Oak Ridge late last year, David Tolbert spotted a sign announcing an auction by a local builder who'd run into trouble. He ended up buying the house — the four-bedroom that Mrs. Tillman is now trying to sell for him. “I bought it to flip, but the flippage part is not going so well,” he says.
Like the Schneiders, Mr. Tolbert had always quickly sold his past homes for more than he'd paid. Now, with the carrying cost running at $2,000 a month, he, too, needs to sell and is considering a price drop — though he has already lowered the price once, to $409,000. “We'd hoped to make a profit, but if it doesn't sell by late this year, my profit will evaporate,” he acknowledges. “It's a pretty good deal, but I haven't gotten any nibbles.”
Home Daily News Discrimination against gay employees not…
Civil Rights
Discrimination against gay employees not prohibited by Civil Rights Act, 11th Circuit rules
A three-judge panel of the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Friday that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not prohibit discriminating against employees because of their sexual orientation, the Associated Press reports.
In a case brought by a female hospital security guard, Jameka Evans—who said she was forced out of her job because she is a lesbian and didn't conform to gender norms—the panel ruled 2-1 that it was bound by a 1979 precedent in Blum v. Gulf Oil Corp., which said Title VII does not prohibit “discharge for homosexuality.”
Evans represented herself in the district court, which upheld a magistrate judge's recommendation and report that Evans' claim of discrimination against gender nonconformity was “just another way to claim discrimination based on sexual orientation.” At the district level, all of Evans' claims were dismissed with prejudice, refusing to let her amend her suit.
In 2011, the 11th Circuit ruled in Glenn v. Brumby that Georgia officials discriminated against a transgender woman by firing her when she confirmed she was preparing to undergo surgery to become a woman. Circuit Judge William Pryor joined in that unanimous three-judge opinion.
But in Evans' case, Pryor wrote in the concurrence that sexual orientation is not a protected class.
“A gay individual may establish with enough factual evidence that she experienced sex discrimination because her behavior deviated from a gender stereotype held by an employer, but our review of that claim would rest on behavior alone,” Pryor wrote in the opinion (PDF).
He noted that Congress, not the courts, would have to designate sexual orientation as a protected class.
In a dissent, Circuit Judge Robin Rosenbaum wrote that the court should recognize that workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation is itself discrimination.
“Plain and simple, when a woman alleges, as Evans has, that she has been discriminated against because she is a lesbian, she necessarily alleges that she has been discriminated against because she failed to conform to the employer's image of what women should be—specifically, that women should be sexually attracted to men only,” Rosenbaum wrote.
The majority opinion remanded Evans' case with instructions for the lower court to allow her to amend the complaint to address the claim that she was discriminated against because of gender-based behavior, such as adopting men's-style clothing and a man's-style haircut.
Lambda Legal attorneys said they plan to ask the 11th Circuit to vacate the ruling and have it heard again by the full court.
Behold is Slate's brand-new photo blog. Like us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter @beholdphotos and Tumblr. Learn what this space is all about here.
Subway. Lori Nix.
Lori Nix thinks she may be “a little obsessed” with the apocalypse. It began as a child, when she would watch with awe as blockbuster disaster flicks “magnified” the natural disasters and dangers she saw around her growing up in the Midwest. In her latest series, “The City,” the photojournalist turned fine-art photographer imagines a human-less world where Mother Nature has reclaimed our cities; and she makes these breathtaking images all without the help of Photoshop.
Citing her strong ability to “build and construct [her] world rather than seek out an existing world,” Nix would rather not utilize digital manipulation to create her post-apocalyptic futures, choosing instead to build tiny, painstakingly detailed dioramas. Ranging in size from 18”x12”x33” (see Beauty Shop) to 92”x42”x100” (see Mall), each diorama takes up to seven months to build with the help of her partner, who assists in distressing and aging each of Nix's structures. As if that weren't enough, it takes another two to three weeks for Nix to photograph each diorama with her 8x10 large-format camera, adjusting for light until the images match her vision.
Aquarium. Lori Nix.
Modeling her dioramas after common spaces such as libraries, bars, and beauty shops (among others), Nix hypothesizes what it might be like to live in a city freed of its inhabitants, where “flora, fauna, and insects mix with the detritus of high and low culture,” giving us a glimpse into what could very well be our near future; that is, if all those movies Nix watched as a child were right.
Library. Lori Nix.
Beauty Shop. Lori Nix.
Control Room. Lori Nix.
Mall. Lori Nix.
Botanic Garden. Lori Nix.
Lori Nix working on Subway. Lori Nix.
Daisy the cat during work on Aquarium. Lori Nix.
Cable modem maker Zoom Telephonics has filed a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission charging that Comcast has subjected the firm to a battery of "unreasonable, irrelevant, time-consuming, and costly requirements" that will block the availability of its modems at the retail level, pushing subscribers to rent or lease modems from Comcast instead.
"Comcast's new testing regime, as well as its arbitrary refusal to test certain new cable modems, therefore threatens all of the benefits associated with a competitive retail market for devices such as cable modems," Zoom's filing with the FCC insists. And given Comcast's huge share of the cable market, if the ISP giant prevails, Zoom will likely abandon any efforts to introduce new modems to the US.
Thus "consumers will be faced with fewer choices, higher prices, and less innovation," Zoom warns.
The complaint comes as Comcast also faces accusations that it is selectively jacking up prices for competing online video streamer Level 3 Communications. And it is being framed by media reform groups as yet another component in the case against the proposed merger with NBC Universal.
"This is one more reason why the FCC should block the Comcast's acquisition of NBC," declared the Media Access Project's Andrew Schwartzman in a statement sent to us. "Time and time again Comcast has demonstrated that it is willing to use its clout to block competition."
The controversy is even being cast as another violation of the FCC's open Internet principles—an interesting charge given that Zoom's attorney, former FCC Chair Kevin Martin, oversaw those principles and the modem maker's complaint. But for Frank Manning, President and CEO of Zoom, the bottom line could be the survival of his company.
"I'm not predicting our demise," Manning told us in an interview. "We hope it isn't about that. But we worry that it is."
Testing one, two, three
Comcast controls a huge chunk of the cable ISP subscription market in the United States. Zoom is the nation's second biggest supplier of retail level cable modems, and its DOCSIS 2.0 and 3.0 offerings already undergo a battery of tests before they hit the stores.
First, independent labs inspect them for compliance with the FCC's Part 15B rules, which regulate electronic emissions levels. These tests usually take about four weeks to complete and cost about $8,000. Next, they're tested for safety by a certified laboratory. These exams review the devices for heat, fire, and electric shock risks. They last around six to eight weeks and cost a little more than the FCC exams.
Last, Zoom devices undergo testing for adherence to Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification, or DOCSIS, standards. These are done over at a center approved by CableLabs—the industry's DOCSIS standard overseer. Each new model must pass a suite of tests for interoperability and data flow efficiency before it is approved. These reviews can take as long as eight weeks and cost $75,000.
But on top of all this, Comcast now has its own testing requirements for connectivity, to which modem makers gladly or reluctantly submit, given the company's huge share of the market. These inspections can take as long as nine weeks.
Under no obligation
Over the summer Zoom decided that it needed to build a new version of its DOCSIS 2.0 cable modem, since parts for the current model were no longer in supply. Zoom's 2.0s are more popular with consumers because they're less expensive than 3.0 models, the company says. The plan was to release one version with a wired Ethernet Local Area Network port, and another with wireless connectivity.
But Comcast Vice President Jeff Smith informed Zoom CEO Manning that it was less than enthusiastic about testing another 2.0 device, contending that 2.0s are "not capable of reaching the higher speed tiers that Comcast has begun to offer and that increasingly will become the norm of the marketplace."
Furthermore, "Contrary to what you suggested in our conversation and in your letter to me," Smith wrote, "Comcast is under no obligation to certify Zoom's or any other vendor's high speed Internet devices for use with Comcast's broadband Internet network."
Nonetheless, Smith said that the ISP would think about it. "A representative from Comcast will contact you with additional information in the next few weeks," his letter concluded.
But when when Zoom staff reviewed the requirements in Comcast's proposed Physical and Environmental ("P&E") testing regimen, they questioned whether the standards listed had anything to do with product safety. These included temperature, weight, voltage, and even labeling standards that Zoom's complaint insist would "neither protect Comcast's network from harm nor prevent theft of service."
"For example," the complaint explains, "Comcast evaluates the performance of cable modems at temperatures far above those generally found in the United States and far above those at which many electronic devices are designed to operate. Zoom's cable modems support operation at ambient temperatures from 0° to 40°C (32° to 104°F). For reference, the Apple iPad is specified to operate from 0° to 35°C (32° to 95°F), and a typical HP PC (for example, the model HP Pro 3130 Minitower) is specified to operate from 5° to 35°C(41° to 95°F). Even if a cable modem were to suffer decreased performance at extremely high temperatures, this would not cause harm to the network or facilitate theft of service."
After discussing the situation with various suppliers, Zoom concluded that its revised DOCSIS 2.0 modem would not pass Comcast's tests, which would cost the company about $40,000.
We asked Comcast for comment on the protest, and received this statement:
Comcast wants to make sure devices our customers purchase at retail will work well and are safe, and we have not asked Zoom to submit to testing that is any different than what we ask of every other cable modem manufacturer we work with. We even offered to let Zoom do the safety testing at their own Chinese manufacturing plants, but they refused this offer. As Zoom decided not to take advantage of the courtesy we offered to simplify testing, we will be more than glad to explain to the FCC as we have already explained to Zoom how their refusal to permit any performance or safety testing of its device will harm consumers.
We read Comcast's reply to Manning, who called it "laughably absurd and incorrect. It's shocking to me that they would put that into writing. They're mixing a bunch of requirements into one sentence that have nothing to do with reality."
The complaint
Zoom's filing asks the FCC to stop Comcast from requiring cable modems sold at retail outlets to submit to its P&E tests before they can be attached to Comcast's network. The company invokes Title 47 subpart 76.1203 of the Communications Act as the primary basis for its complaint.
A multichannel video programming distributor may restrict the attachment or use of navigation devices with its system in those circumstances where electronic or physical harm would be caused by the attachment or operation of such devices or such devices that assist or are intended or designed to assist in the unauthorized receipt of service. Such restrictions may be accomplished by publishing and providing to subscribers standards and descriptions of devices that may not be used with or attached to its system. Such standards shall foreclose the attachment or use only of such devices as raise reasonable and legitimate concerns of electronic or physical harm or theft of service. [italics added]
Since the Act defines "navigation devices" as "[d]evices such as converter boxes, interactive communications equipment, and other equipment used by consumers to access multichannel video programming and other services offered over multichannel video programming systems," and a cable modem is such a navigation device offering "other services" (broadband access), Comcast's allegedly restrictive and unfair tests run afoul of the law.
Several days ago Comcast did send Zoom a compromise offer, which would allow Zoom to do Comcast's P&E testing for the specific DOCSIS model in question at a facility of Zoom's choice and without charge. But like so many of these conflicts, this one has taken on a far larger significance.
For the small battalion of reform groups and trade associations who want net neutrality rules and strong public interest strings attached to the Comcast NBCU merger, the Zoom complaint is Strike Three, yet another bullet point in their case against the cable ISP, following the 2008 BitTorrent controversy and this latest battle over Level 3.
For Zoom's CEO, however, the company's move is clearly an act of last resort, perhaps even one of desperation. "I feel very threatened by this situation," Frank Manning insisted. "Comcast forced us to do what we did."
It has been called reality television on temazepam, and British Airways plans to introduce it onto long-haul flights. Channel 4 News looks at the growth of slow TV.
Image courtesy of NRK
Slow TV does not appear to offer much beyond the attraction of watching paint dry: endless hours of footage of burning fires, ambling train rides and the passage of a steaming ship voyaging across the seas.
Yet the genre has managed to pull in millions of viewers in its Norway, where the broadcaster has aired a number of slow TV films, and its appeal continues to grow.
Take British Airways. The airline has announced that from next month, hundreds of long-haul flights will include the film The Seven Hour Train Journey to Oslo alongside the Hollywood blockbusters, games and pop music videos normally found on in-flight entertainment screens.
The film is, simply, seven hours worth of footage of a train's journey from Bergen to Oslo as it passes picturesque mountains, cool lakes and waving children, shot using a camera mounted on the front of the driver's carriage. It has no commentary, but the train does eventually reach its destination.
Aired on the Norwegian broadcaster NRK in 2009, it drew in 1.25 million viewers – about one in five – and was an early prototype of the genre in Norway. Other shows have included 12 hours about firewood, including eight uninterrupted hours of a burning fireplace, and 100 hours of Magnus Carlsen playing chess.
After that, there were 134 continuous hours of the voyage of an entire ship, Hurtigruten, making its way from Bergen to Kirkenes, above the Arctic Circle, shot with a film crew of 20 and 11 cameras. The live footage aired on 16 to 22 June 2011, and attracted 6 million viewers from 148 countries.
“It is the opposite of everything else on TV,” said Rune Moeklebust, a producer for NRK, soon after it had aired. “It stands out and makes people want to watch.”
It was so popular NRK followed up with five hours of airtime dedicated to an attempt to break the knitting world record, following the path of a jumper from a sheep being sheared to the finished garment, stitch by stitch. And a film with 18 hours worth of salmon swimming upstream.
BA suggested that the train journey would be popular for its relaxing qualities. Explaining the airline's decision to screen it, Richard D'Cruze, in-flight entertainment manager, said: “It fits perfectly with the ‘wallpaper' style footage people find mesmerising in-flight, such as our moving maps which customers watch for endless hours.
“There's definitely a hypnotic, calming and entertaining quality to ‘slow TV' that is perfect for in-flight entertainment.”
While it is only in the last five years or so that it is beginning to become mainstream, exponents say it had its roots in the artist Andy Warhol's 1963 movie Sleep – footage of the poet John Giorno sleeping for five hours and 20 minutes. It was his first film.
However, it was the British filmmaker and producer Peter Middleton who adapted the concept further, filming numerous journeys by rail, air and underground. He formed Video 125 in 1984, named after the country's most successful train, and he now has 90 hours worth of footage.
Middleton, who began his career as an ITV cameraman, told Channel 4 News: “I was sitting at home watching TV and as usual, you could see two or three seconds from the front of the train, and I thought I wanted to see a bit more.
Image courtesy of NRK
“That's how it all started. And I haven't stopped filming ever since.”
On Wednesday, he will film the Hammersmith and City London Underground line. “People can't get enough,” he said.
He believes the appeal of the films lies in the viewer's ability to share the vision of the driver or captain. “What I always say to people, even who are not train enthusiasts: ‘Can you imagine a trip in a car and looking out of the side the whole time?' No, you always look out of the front.”
The calmness of the finished product betrays little of the “hectic” energy which goes into producing it, however. Middleton said: “When the circle line used to be just a circle, 20 years ago, you had to get two cameras, two recorders, lighting and everything into the cab in 30 secnds, or the train occupied the line.”
Slow to reach the UK?
He pointed out, however, that viewing figures for the Norwegian films may have reached the millions, but we don't know how long people were watching each one for. “Our YouTube tally is 2.5 million, but not everyone's watching all the way through,” he said.
Now, producers in the UK are considering bringing slow TV here. Earlier this month, Emma Willis, head of documentaries at the BBC, spoke of slow TV, saying: “They did a 24-hour knitting thing. And they put cameras on a boat, to just sail around a fjord for a couple of hours, no commentary. I'm trying to find something within that.”
In the meantime, viewers accustomed to patience and waiting can console themselves that eventually, NRK may release another installment: 24 live, non-stop hours in the life of a Spanish slug.
A new report from Pike Research confirms what the United States, Europe and even Google are banking on: offshore wind is going to be huge. The cleantech market intelligence firm predicts that revenue from offshore wind power production will reach $104 billion by 2017, representing a 53 percent annual growth rate over the next six years. If growth is even more aggressive, offshore wind power revenues could reach $130.5 billion.
Wind power developers have long known that some of the world's best wind resources are offshore, and many of the best locations for land-based wind farms have already been developed. However, the challenges of building offshore wind power plants are very different from those of land-based projects. Pike Research's report, “Offshore Wind Power,” provides an analysis of global opportunities in the offshore wind power market, as well as key challenges facing the industry through 2017.
According to the report, roughly 70 percent of the cost of developing an offshore wind project is embodied not in the wind turbine, but other infrastructure, installation and maintenance costs. According to Pike, the the cost of offshore wind generation can be two or three times higher than that for onshore wind.
The report profiles key industry players, including the United States, U.K. and Germany, and the emerging market in China. The largest markets for offshore wind will remain in Europe, which as a region will account for 75 percent of global installed capacity in 2017. Key technological innovations influencing the future direction of the market include a move toward larger wind turbines, new innovations for less expensive operations and maintenance, and a focus on high-voltage direct current transmission lines. An executive summary of the report is available here.
Become a Green Earthling Deal email subscriber by Friday, October 28th and you could win a wireless solar keyboard from Logitech! Either Mac or PC, it' your choice.
Riding only about an inch lower than the sport-package-equipped Audi A4, the firmer S4 gets around on low-profile Bridgestone Potenza rubber stretched over standard 17x7.5-inch Avus-style rims. Further differentiating itself from the A4 are the S4's close-coupled twin turbochargers, each squeezing 16 pounds per square inch more air into a slightly smaller-volume engine (2.7 liters versus 2.8 in the A4). The 0.1 liter was displaced by an extra 1.5 millimeters of cylinder wall thickness to handle the added pressure and diminish engine noise.
Inside is an impressive amount of standard equipment, such as driver and passenger 10-way power sport seats with silky Nappa leather upholstery, sport steering wheel, eight-speaker 120-watt AM/FM/CD/cassette sound system, one-touch power windows, power mirrors, central locking, fully automatic climate control, electronic cruise control, full-size spare tire, dual airbags, and new "sideguard" curtain airbags spanning from A- to C-pillars.
The S4's only options are convenience package, cold-weather package, sport interior package, Bose sound system upgrade, Motorola hands-free phone, and navigation system. Later this year, the S4 will be available with a five-speed Tiptronic automatic transmission at no extra charge. Available in nine exterior colors, our tester was an impossible-to-ignore Imola yellow. Hardly the color I'd choose to fly low and avoid radar, but I managed to surprise more than one wide-eyed wannabe boy racer who thought I was just some yuppie in a poseur sedan.
Because the S4's driving dynamics are are so good, discovering its subtle handling limits is an exercise best saved for a racetrack or deserted parking lot. By the time you reached any kind of limit on a public road, you'd be well into multiple hundreds of dollars in likely fines. Audi's patented all-wheel-drive system allows for throttle-on, controllable drifts with less potential for off-throttle precariousness that high-performance two-wheel-drive cars normally exhibit. In other words, within the laws of physics, it's hard to do something that upsets the car's intended telemetry, and if you somehow manage to break the sticky tires away from the pavement (such as a slight understeer in a fast corner), all that needs to happen to make it right again is judicious throttle application and a steady hand at the wheel. This is the method track tester DeMere used to generate an impressive 67.1-mph slalom pass. On the skidpad, with a more delicate hand, the S4 clung to the pavement with 0.89 g of grip. And although we didn't have the opportunity to test this car in inclement weather or at acceleration-sapping altitude, we know the popularity of turbocharged all-wheel-drive vehicles in the Rocky Mountains and Eastern Seaboard must have something to do with their abilities in various types of precipitation. The Audi S4 will quickly earn top honors there, as well.
What the less powerful A4 Quattro gives up in acceleration due to the added weight of an all-wheel-drive system, the S4 more than makes up for with a street-fighting 0-60-mph time of 5.5 seconds-the same as the last BMW M3 sedan we tested. The quarter mile became a memory in 14.1 seconds at 98.3 mph. This kind of acceleration is usually the hallmark of a car with fewer than four doors, a cramped cockpit, and a harsher ride. Any quicker, and it would be running with Corvettes, Carreras, and $70,000 Mercedes-Benz E55 AMGs.
The S4 is not for everyone. It tends to be more sporting than pampering; it absolutely begs to be abused, and its interior is a little too intimate for some folks of large girth. For all these reasons, Audi offers the same wonderful engine in a different wrapper called the A6 2.7T. But that's a different story.
Suffice to say that I've now revealed my secret and the word is spreading fast. In fact, our photographer had the following to say after just one drive, "This thing rips! It's got more punch than Mike Tyson at a street fight, but it's always predictable and won't bite your ear off." He also told me that the perfect personalized license plate for the car is already taken by a neighbor of his. It reads, "Audios."
2000 Audi s4 Quattro GENERAL Location of final assembly Ingolstadt, Germany Body style 4-door sedan EPA size class Compact Drivetrain layout Front engine/all-wheel drive Airbag Dual front, side, head
POWERTRAIN Engine type 90º V-6, twin turbocharged, cast-iron block, aluminum alloy heads Bore x stroke, in./mm 3.19 x 3.40/81.0 x 86.4 Displacement, ci/cc 163.0/2671 Compression ratio 9.3:1 Valve gear DOHC, 5 valves per cyl. Fuel/induction system Seq. EFI Horsepower, hp @ rpm, SAE net 250 @ 5800 Torque, lb-ft @ rpm, SAE net 258 @ 1850 Horsepower/liter 93.6 Redline, rpm 6800 Transmission type 6-speed manual Axle ratios 4.11:1 Final-drive ratio 2.81:1 Recommended fuel Premium unleaded
DIMENSIONS Wheelbase, in./mm 102.6/2607 Track, f/r, in./mm 58.9/58.7/1498/1490 Length, in./mm 176.5/4483 Width, in./mm 72.8/1848 Height, in./mm 55.8/1418 Base curb weight, lb 3594 Weight distribution, f/r, % 59/41 Cargo capacity, cu ft 49.7 Fuel capacity, gal 16.4 Weight/power ratio, lb/hp 14.4
CHASSIS Suspension, f/r Multilink, coil springs, anti-roll bar/ upper and lower control arms, coil springs, anti-roll bar Steering type Rack-and-pinion, variable power assist Ratio 16.2:1 Turns, lock to lock 3.1 Turning circle, ft 37.4 Brakes, f/r Vented disc/disc, ABS Wheels, in./material 17 x 7.5 aluminum Tire size 225/45YR17 Manufacturer/model Bridgestone Potenza RE 040
PERFORMANCE Acceleration, 0-60 mph,sec 5.5 Standing quarter mile, sec/mph 14.1/98.3 Braking, 60-0 mph, ft 118 Lateral acceleration, g 0.86 Speed through 600-ft slalom, mph .67.1 Est. fuel economy, mpg, city/hwy. 16/25 Est. range, city/hwy., miles 262/410
PRICE Base price $37,900 Price as tested $41,000 (est. )
www.audiusa.com
Premier Health and University of Dayton have purchased the 37-acre Montgomery County fairgrounds property for $15 million and are just beginning to work on a master plan for the site.
University of Dayton President Eric Spina emailed staff and students to tell them the fairgrounds purchase is a “strategic decision consistent with our history and character, and supports the future of the university.”
Spina noted the fairgrounds' proximity “to GE, Emerson, the Marriott and other university holdings” at Patterson and Stewart, two blocks from UD's student-centered investments on Brown Street.
“It is vitally important that we have the ability to ensure future development is compatible with the university's strategies, supports our mission and complements the significant investments we have made with our partners there,” Spina said.
He noted that UD fully expects “a healthy long-term return on our financial investment.”
UD officials said the university's involvement began in October when Miller-Valentine asked for support of its redevelopment proposal. When the city, county and fair board rejected that plan, UD and Premier took an active role in acquisition talks.
“It was highly likely that if action was not taken quickly, this opportunity would have been lost and the Fairgrounds would have continued to deteriorate, or it could be developed to the detriment of the University and the investments in that area,” Spina said in the email.
“The collaboration between Premier Health, University of Dayton, the county, the city, and the Montgomery County Agricultural Society positively demonstrates how organizations can work together to foster growth and development in a region that will have a significant impact on the community in the future. Premier leaders have long understood the importance of this location. Thanks to the collaboration of all the parties involved, the time is now right to move forward,” said Mary Boosalis, president, Premier Health.
Mark Shaker, president of Miami Valley Hospital, said the hospital is an urban facility that is landlocked and this redevelopment partnership gives an opportunity for growth.
“Things just lined up correctly at this time to make this happen,” Shaker said.
RELATED CONTENT: Premier meets with county officials on fairgrounds property
RELATED CONTENT: County officials reject fairground plans
RELATED CONTENT: Fairgrounds redevelopment proposals denied
RELATED CONTENT: Critics say redevelopment for fairgrounds could steal business
Mayor Nan Whaley spoke at today's news conference and assisted in the effort to move and redevelop the property.
“I want to ensure it is a development that lasts, one worth the time and wait for this moment to happen,” said Whaley. She went on to say there is no way the city or county could have done this without the leadership at Premier Health and University of Dayton.
Dan Foley, Montgomery County commissioner, said he thought this was the best possible outcome for the property.
The last Montgomery County Fair will be held July 10-15, 2017, and the community is invited to make the last fair here a grand event, said the head of the Montgomery County Agricultural Society. The fair will be held in a new location in 2018. The sale of the property is for $15 million, with $3 million to be received approximately the end of February 2017 so the county can secure a new location for the fairgrounds.
As part of the deal, the Dayton Horse Show would also go on as scheduled in 2017 with Premier and the University jointly taking possession in the fall of 2017.
The possibilities are close to infinite in how the fairgrounds might be developed, said the spokesman for University of Dayton.
This gives us a nice amount of time to think this through.
There will be a master planning process. This came together relatively quickly so we haven't had the time to develop that plan, said the spokesman for Premier Health.
The landmark Roundhouse at the fairgrounds will remain and stay as an integral part of the property, said the spokesman for the Agricultural Society. It will stay on the site and be renovated. If it does not work for some reason, it would be moved to another site and rehabilitated as a historic structure, said the spokesman for the Agricultural Society.
UPDATE @ 1:45 p.m. (Dec. 12):
Montgomery County, the city of Dayton and the Montgomery County Agricultural Society have agreed in principle to a deal for the County to sell the fairgrounds to the University of Dayton and Premier Health, who plan to redevelop the 37-acre site, according to a news release this organization obtained.
The groups are having a press conference at 2 p.m. to formally announce the deal.
A UD news release says the five community partners “have come together to ensure the revitalization of the Montgomery County Fairgrounds will support community and economic development as well as complement the growth and positive momentum already occurring in the area.”
The release continued:
“Today's announcement is the first step in this collaborative purchase process. In the coming weeks, all of the partners will work together to finalize a purchase package of $15 million from several sources. A purchase agreement is expected to be completed in mid-January.”
Under the plan, UD and Premier would jointly own the land, and they would work on redevelopment options with community partners.
As part of the deal, the Montgomery County Fair and the Dayton Horse Show would go on as scheduled in 2017 with Premier and the University jointly taking possession in the fall of 2017, the release said.
After the city of Dayton, Montgomery County and the Montgomery County Agricultural Society rejected two development proposals Nov. 30, conversations about acquisition and redevelopment began with Premier and the UD.
UPDATE @ 12:25 p.m. (12/12/2016):
Montgomery County officials along with representatives from University of Dayton, Premier Health, the Agricultural Society and City of Dayton are gathering in the fairground's Carousel Room for an annoucment at 2 p.m. Monday. We will carry the announcement live on this site and on Facebook.
UPDATE @ 5:24 p.m. (12/2/2016):
Montgomery County Administrator Joe Tuss said in an email that he met Friday with representatives from the city, UD and Premier Health “to discuss the current situation and how Premier and UD might help support the redevelopment of this community asset.”
Tuss called UD and Premier Health “anchor institutions” in the community.
Tuss said the media report circulating “that a deal has been struck is not accurate.”
UPDATE @ 5:20 p.m. (12/2/2016):
Premier Health and University of Dayton issued a joint statement Friday afternoon:
“As neighboring institutions, the University of Dayton and Premier Health have long collaborated on community and economic development initiatives. As neighbors to the Fairgrounds, we have an interest in how it is ultimately developed and that it complements the growth and positive momentum in this important area of our community. We are in discussions with the City and County on how we might help support redevelopment of this community asset.”
EARLIER REPORT (12/2/2016):
Montgomery County officials have met with Premier Health and the University of Dayton to discuss the future of the Montgomery County Fairgrounds and explore possibilities for the property.
An area media report posted online today said that a deal has been struck to sell the fairgrounds. However, multiple sources contacted by this news organization say that report is not true.
On Wednesday, the county, county fair board and city of Dayton announced they have rejected the two redevelopment proposals they received for the property because they failed to meet key criteria and would require too much taxpayer subsidies.
After the announcement, Dayton City Manager Shelley Dickstein said local community stakeholders would have to step up and participate in redevelopment efforts to make it financially feasible, because the city will not spend many millions of dollars for the infrastructure upgrades developers wanted.
UD and Premier Health officials have expressed strong interest in seeing the fairgrounds developed.
Miller-Valentine Group, based in Dayton, was one of the two firms that submitted a proposal for the fairgrounds.
The proposal includes a letter, dated Sept. 22, from Premier Health President Mary Boosalis, who expresses her organization's support of Miller-Valentine's planned uses for the fairgrounds and overall design.
“I also believe your proposal is complementary with the many years of investments made by Premier Health on the Miami Valley Hospital campus and in the nearby fairgrounds neighborhood,” she wrote.
Miller-Valentine proposed partnering with the hospital and creating new medical offices, as well as constructing a parking garage for the hospital and other buildings on the property.
Medium: WatercolorsSize: 8x10 inchesPrints: [link] Another older piece, from last year.From Dreamscapes - Myth & Magic [link] "The Major Oak in Sherwood forest with its massive spread of branches arcing out overhead, and the mysterious hollow in its giant girth may not possess a named spirit; but by virtue of its place in the folktales of Robin Hood. It was said this mighty oak hid Robin Hood from his enemies in the hollow if its trunk. It has stood for 1000 years, dwelling place for the spirits of the greenwood, and imbued with the power of the stories it has witnessed.Younger oaks may not claim such a grand place in legend, but it is hard to deny that they seem to writhe with their own spirit when one takes in their sinuous trunk and arching branches. The dryads hide beneath the veneer of bark and pith and beckon to those who walk the trails beneath their boughs to come and press an ear to trunk and hear the pulse at the heart of the wood."
Tila Tequila has been on a 24-hour Twitter tirade that began with wishing Adolf Hitler a happy birthday on Wednesday.
In a bizarre rant, the 34-year-old glamour model and reality star called the Nazi leader her 'boo,' claimed to be the reincarnation of the dictator and posted a photo of herself wearing a Nazi cap, Hitler mustache and Swastika armband.
'On this great day of 420 I will HONOR our TRUE KING! They tried to destroy your legacy, but I will fight for you!' she tweeted along with a black and white photo of Hitler.
Her hero: Tila Tequila took to Twitter to wish Adolf Hitler a happy birthday on Wednesday. The Nazi leader was born on April 20 1889 in Austria
Claimed magic powers: The glamour model and reality star described the dictator as 'my boo Hitler' in this tweet in which she also referenced the killings at concentration camps during World War Two
Cosmic connection: Tequila, 34, used this picture to claim she is linked to Hitler, whom she calls 'mein Furhor' and calls herself 'Hitila'
In another tweet, she wrote: 'And happy birthday to my past life historical figure, most epic legend of all time, Mein Furhor (sic), Adolf Hitila! The MOST HIGH!'
'We all knew this day was coming! The 2nd coming of Christ in the end times prophecy has been fulfilled! #HeilHitila.'
Tequila's diatribe, which continued Thursday morning, also included remarks about Jews, black people and gays and was filled with gay and racial epithets and slurs.
Apocalyptic: She shared this doctored photo of herself in Nazi cap, Hitler mustache and Swastika armband as she predicted the end of the world is nigh
'Strong ties': Tequila also claimed to be the reincarnation of the Nazi dictator
Seeing the future: She claimed that a cataclysmic event will strike the Earth before the end of 2016
The offensive ramblings went on and on, explaining how the Singapore born former Playboy pinup is of 'Angelic descent,' how the Rapture will take place this year and promising to post a video of how to move between two parallel universes like she does.
Twitter users who took her to task for her comments were 'rewarded' with insults and name-calling.
It's not the first time Tequila has drawn attention for her pro-Nazi stance.
In August of last year, she was kicked off the British version of Celebrity Big Brother after after it emerged that she posed in front of Auschwitz in Nazi gear and claimed to be 'Hitila,' or 'Hitler reborn'.
Offensive: Tequila was kicked off Britain's Celebrity Big Brother last August following hundreds of complaints about her inclusion in the reality show after it emerged she'd posed as Hitler in front of Auschwitz in a photoshopped image she posted on social media in 2013
The social media postings made in December 2013 prompted complaints from hundreds of viewers and the Campaign against Anti-Semitism, and she was removed from the reality show one day after entering the Big Brother house.
A spokesman for Britain's Channel 5, that airs the program, said at the time: 'Unfortunately, Channel 5 and Endemol did not know about the views and attitudes Tila had expressed in social media postings prior to her involvement in Celebrity Big Brother.'
'The views Tila had expressed, and permitted to remain uncorrected, are totally unacceptable and, accordingly, her continued involvement in the program was untenable.'
Tequila, who was born in Singapore, went on a Twitter rant for 24 hours and her remarks included an array of racial and gay epithets and denial of the Holocaust. She's pictured in England in August 2015
Tequila, who first gained fame on her bisexual-themed dating show, has strongly denied that she is anti-Semitic.
But in a series of online postings, including a blog entitled 'Why I sympathize with Hitler Part 1', she described the Nazi leader as a 'good man' who deserved forgiveness.
She has since referred to the killing of six million Jews by the Nazi regime as the 'Holohoax.'
In January, she tweeted that she believes the earth is flat.
Virginia-based Civil Coping Mechanisms operates under a deceptively simple motto: We are coping. But don't be fooled by what sounds like a vaguely defeatist tone. Coping is actually a rallying cry for this fiercely independent press that seeks to provide a voice for “bold, daring, and anomalous” literature outside the mainstream.
“The press aesthetic is deeply imbedded into the press name; I'm talking writing that doesn't get cut down to accommodate some lowest common denominator,” says CCM Publisher-in-Chief Michael Seidlinger.
“I'm talking authors that write about the alarmingness of the human condition unabashedly, and often to a level that compels the reader to take notice. This is writing that is right in the thick of it, calling out, exclaiming: We're coping. And in shouting the words, they continue to speak, inspire, and enlighten.”
CCM put out its first publications in 2011 and currently has a total of 35 books listed in its catalogue, an impressive showing for only a four-year span. Seidlinger was one of CCM's original authors, moving on to work on design for the press before taking the reins in 2013 from founder Gabe Cardona.
With 14 books already slated for 2015, Seidlinger shows no signs of slowing CCM's steady flow of new work. Seidlinger says he puts in 12-hour days and doesn't sleep much, but it is all worth it to get books out there that might not find a home elsewhere.
“I think CCM is hoping to fill its own niche, one that has problems with labels and assumptions and is really damn tired of reading the same kind of thing over and over again,” he says. “I see it as catering to the tastes of the reader looking for gutsy prose, highly emotional poetry, and really just work that contains surprises on every page.”
CCM books are hard to categorize, though all are compelling and stylistically unique. Recent releases include Matt Meets Vik, a novella by Timothy Willis Sanders about a doomed love triangle between a man, a woman, and heroin; Paper Champion, an existential picture book for adults — rife with basketball and professional wrestling metaphors about surviving forces beyond our control — by Shane Jones; and My Apologies Accepted by Bunny Rogers, a book of poetry that reads like the text messages of a young woman in the midst of a nervous breakdown.
While CCM does solicit work, it is also open to unsolicited submissions. In particular, Seidlinger encourages writers to submit to CCM's week-long Mainline contests, run three times a year as a sort of literary reality show. CCM reviews all manuscripts received over the week — there were 540 for the first Mainline edition — and posts the top five each day on social media. At the end of the week, CCM picks winners to publish.
But one of the most satisfying parts of running CCM for Seidlinger, besides consistently releasing quality work, is hearing from the readers that support his writers.
“I used to think that the only people that would reach out are the people looking to be published, but I've found that eight times out of 10, the people reaching out are doing so to relay their feelings about the work they read,” he says.
“Often people want to give back, take part in something, essentially be there for the press. It's that community aspect, the fact that you are getting that chance to inspire people through the work published. It's a great feeling.”
Michael Landweber is the author of We, a novel. His short stories have appeared in a variety of places, including Gargoyle, Fourteen Hills, Fugue, American Literary Review, Barrelhouse, and Ardor. He is an associate editor at the Potomac Review.
by |
You may have seen a viral photo floating around that appears to show Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain hanging out with rapper Biggie Smalls a.k.a. The Notorious B.I.G. Several celebrities have posted it to Instagram:
Where has this picture been all my life? #BIGxCOBAIN #regram A post shared by Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) on Apr 28, 2017 at 12:28am PDT
Today, Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselić‏ weighed in on the photo, facetiously claiming that the photo is real, and that the hand clutching a pack of Winston Selects (on the bottom right of the above photo) is the hand of Tupac Shakur:
It's real, but has been cropped. The person holding the pack of smokes is Tupac. https://t.co/K4dDEnQCgJ — Krist Novoselić (@KristNovoselic) May 14, 2017
Related: Melvins drummer Dale Crover talks Kurt Cobain and Crystal Fairy on the Culture Creature podcast
Sadly, the photo is a fake and Novoselić‏ was kidding. For proof, check out the original, un-altered image below. It reveals that 1) Biggie and his carseat (which look to be of an entirely different make and model) were Photoshopped into this photo and 2) the pack of cigarettes belongs to Nirvana guitarist Pat Smear.
Some things are just too good to be true.
Goal catches up with the ‘good old boy' from South Carolina who has gone to great extremes to show his love for the Bundesliga giants, who were recently crowned champions
EXCLUSIVE
“It's hand painted, which is extremely difficult, much more so than it looks – just check out the detail.”Ryan Gibson isn't talking about a piece of artwork, clothing or even a tattoo – he is tellingabout his glass eye, which has a picture-perfect Bayern Munich logo where the pupil should be. “Anyone can get a Bavaria tattoo," he says. "But it's not every day you can show your club and fans that you have their eye..."
Ryan lost his right eye to ocular melanoma, a rare form of cancer which affects one in a quarter of a million Americans. The 33-year-old ex-Navy serviceman is a sports marketer and part-time traffic controller, directing vehicles around his local school district in York, South Carolina
Incredibly, Ryan has still been able to perform his day job – “My left eye got three or four times stronger after losing the right,” he says – but since surgery earlier this month he's been covering the socket with a Bayern Munich patch.
But as of Friday, he has something more permanent – and eye-catching.
“When people ask me about the eye it opens up two things – it allows me to talk about Bayern Munich, who are coming to Charlotte this summer. I run the local Bayern fan club so maybe that will help sell more tickets!" he says.
“But it also increases awareness for ocular melanoma. It's such a rare disease, even less likely than Leicester City winning the Premier League, so very few people know about it.
“If you get a regular eye you fall back into normality and don't get any benefit. This helps me talk about Bavaria and ocular melanoma.”
Incredibly, Ryan is not the only football fan in the world to have a club-branded glass eye. Newcastle United supporter Andrew Canavan has a Toon crest etched onto his ocular prosthetic. However, Goal understands that Ryan's is the only hand-painted eye.
The eye and artwork were created by Anna Boyd-Jefferson, an ocularist at Carolina Eye Prosthetics in Burlington, North Carolina. The full process post diagnosis – including treatment, surgery, prosthetic eye creation and follow-up scans – will run well into the tens of thousands for a man who is uninsured due to a pre-existing condition leading to high premiums.
Furthermore, the process of creating the eye required approval from none other than Bavaria themselves.
“I had to get permission from Bavaria to use the logo as Bavaria own the international copyright for medical equipment. This is technically medical equipment. I didn't want to get sued by Bavaria but they were real helpful," he says. "From start to finish after my post-surgery appointment – which was Tuesday May 3 – it only took about two weeks.
“I went through their New York office. The guys in Munich were caught off guard because it's a request that's never been made. I thought they might see me as a crazy, loony person but hey, at least I'm not fighting in the parking lot outside the stadium!
“I could have got a natural eye and just worn this for game days but I'm not that kinda person – I'll wear this every day of the year.”
Despite having been a Bayern fan for many years – his father was born in Germany to a U.S. serviceman and his family in South Carolina has German roots – Ryan has never seen them in the flesh. That should change this summer when Bayern play Inter Milan in Charlotte as part of the ICC tournament.
But there's another summer game which Ryan is following with interest – the friendly match between the Charleston Battery and Scottish giant Rangers.
“I don't know who to kiss up to at Rangers to get Dean Shiels to stay at the club until then but he's the only player I know who has played his career with one eye," Ryan says.
“He's a great example other patients who lose an eye - just flip on the TV and watch Rangers vs. Celtic and support a guy just like you. He's living a perfectly good life as a high-end athlete, a striker - I know strikers who aren't worth a damn with two eyes.”
Ryan's Bayern eye is more than just a celebration of his support for the club. It's a reminder of how he got through the tough times after a routine eye-test at a Walmart revealed something more sinister.
“For some reason whenever something happened to me in life, something big would happen with the team," he says. "When I got diagnosed they had a big win. During the Champions League final second leg against Juventus I couldn't watch the game because I was waiting in the hospital for my pre-surgery meeting. They almost threw me out because of the F-bombs I was dropping during the first 12 minutes.
“I can go to Hooligans (sports bar) in Charlotte and no one will ask me about cancer - they'll ask me about being Ryan the Bavaria nut. I can argue with Barça fans and they'll forget anything is wrong with my eye.
“Every stage of this ocular melanoma process, something with Bavaria kept me focused. Now I can kind of live with that and take my mind away from the cancer.”
Justin Trudeau, the recently elected (and popular) prime minister of Canada, will hold his first formal meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House on Thursday, an occasion that will also be marked by the first state dinner for a Canadian leader since 1997. High on the agenda will be discussion of a continental strategy on climate change.
Canadians are more concerned than their American counterparts on a number of key issues related to climate change. For example, in Pew Research Center's spring 2015 survey of 40 nations, 84% of Canadians supported an international agreement to limit their country's greenhouse gas emissions, compared with 69% of Americans. This agreement was subsequently adopted at the Paris COP21 conference, but whether the United States will enact such an accord remains in question.
A majority (56%) of Canadians say climate change is harming people now, while only 41% of Americans agree. On most of the questions presented to both Canadians and Americans on climate change, Canadians were more concerned and closer to the global 40-country median than Americans, who were generally less concerned than others around the world.
Despite the greater concern shown by Canadians on global warming, partisan divides on the issue follow a similar pattern in both countries. Supporters of the Conservative Party of Canada (CPC), which was headed by former Prime Minister Stephen Harper, are much less worried about the consequences of climate change, as are Republicans in the U.S. Meanwhile, followers of Trudeau's Liberal Party in Canada and members of the New Democratic Party (a social-democratic party led by Tom Mulcair), are more concerned about climate change, much like political independents and Democrats in the U.S.
Only 27% of CPC supporters in Canada say climate change is a very serious problem, similar to the share of Republicans (20%) in the U.S. who say the same. But 57% of Liberal Party supporters in Canada are very concerned about global warming, and in the U.S., 68% of Democrats agree.
Despite the differences on climate change between U.S. and Canadian publics, most Canadians like the U.S. (68% favorable rating as of spring 2015) and want to maintain the status quo of warm relations between the two countries. And the high level of confidence (76%) Canadians have in Obama to handle international affairs further supports this notion.
Topics: Bilateral Relations, International Threats and Allies, Energy and Environment, North America
Obama speaks to members of Congress in the Rose Garden of the White House, April 21, 2015.
U.S. President Barack Obama will address a Washington congregation to mark Jewish American Heritage Month.
White House spokesman Eric Schultz, announcing the president's schedule for next week, said that next Friday, May 22, Obama would speak at Adas Israel, a Conservative movement synagogue in the city's northwest quadrant.
“On Friday, The president will travel to the congregation of Adas Israel, one of the largest congregations here in Washington, to deliver remarks in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month, which recognizes contributions of Jewish Americans to American society and culture,” Schultz said Friday.
Obama's visit would be during the daytime, and would not coincide with Sabbath eve services, an Adas congregant said.
The announcement of the visit comes as the White House gears up a charm offensive targeting American Jews and Israelis in the wake of months of tensions between the Israeli and American governments.
Referring in a Thursday news conference to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new right-wing government, Obama said the prospect of peace “seems quite distant now.”
Obama's May 22 visit to the synagogue coincides with the “Solidarity Sabbath,” an initiative of the Lantos Foundation for Human Rights and Justice that calls on world leaders to show solidarity with victims of anti-Semitism.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Twelve members of the U.S. Congress and a number of European ambassadors will attend synagogues on May 22 and participate in other activities to show their concern about anti-Semitism.
The Lantos Foundation is named for the late Tom Lantos, the only Holocaust survivor elected to Congress. Lantos, a California Democrat, was noted for his focus on human rights and chaired the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee in 2007-08.
The Oregon resort was established in 1906, but by 1960 the last house had fallen into the ocean, destroyed by meddling with the natural systems that allowed the town to exist
Every western ghost town is an object lesson. Oregon, with more ghost towns than any other state, has a full curriculum. In the places that emptied out when the railways lost out to highways, we can see how capital and technology, then as now, destroy homes and livelihoods as relentlessly as they build them. In the towns that fell apart when their mine tapped out, we can see that manic boom-and-bust extraction cycles have convulsed the west for its entire history.
But there's one lost Oregon town that gives us a tightly focused image of the future. There are no remains of Bayocean for the visitor to see – they've long since been claimed by the waters of Tillamook Bay. Though the wild weather of the Oregon coast administered the coup de grace to the town in the 1950s, in truth, the residents themselves destroyed it by misunderstanding and carelessly tampering with the natural systems that allowed it to exist.
Real estate developers are the American west's true legislators. In 1906, at the dawn of the era of mass leisure, TB Potter saw the four-mile long spit off the coast of Tillamook and decided that he could make it into “the Atlantic City of the west”.
With his son, TI Potter, he bought up the land for a song, and started transforming it into a holiday destination that would draw people from Oregon and the whole of the west coast.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bayocean: gone. Photograph: Tillamook County Pioneer Museum
The main thrust of the plan was selling plots to people who would use them for holiday homes. But he also planned and built a hotel, a dance hall and a heated swimming pool complete with a machine for making artificial surf. The swimming pool, or “natatorium”, was down by the ocean so that people could choose between it and the more bracing Oregonian surf.
He built it, and for a while they came. The first lots were bought by Francis Drake Mitchell, Bayocean's most enduring true believer, who set up a pharmacy and retail store there. Six hundred more sold to buyers softened up with free travel and boarding, but never quickly enough to keep up with Potter's voracious needs for cash flow as he tried to keep up the pace of development for what was becoming the largest city on the Oregon coast.
Over the first decade, the haphazard facilities showed the strain of building the place from scratch. The telephone system only connected to other numbers in Bayocean, not the outside world. The badly designed water pumping system yielded only a trickle in some parts of the island. There were concrete roads, but few cars, as there was as yet no road connection from the mainland.
The only means of transport for visitors to get to Bayocean was Potter's yacht, also called Bayocean, which sailed back and forth from Portland once a week. This trip was occasionally terrifying: passengers had to cross the infamously treacherous Columbia river bar and the mouth of Tillamook Bay, which was also frightening in rough weather.
The residents demanded a protective jetty to smooth this journey. The US army corps of engineers took one look at the bay and said they'd need two. The residents, who had to put up half the cost, would have to shell out over a million dollars, so they settled for one (this still cost each resident $450 – a huge sum in 1917).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An artist's rendering of Bayocean. Photograph: Tillamook County Pioneer Museum
This is the way they ended up paying for the destruction of their own property, and the city. The jetty changed the current, which began steadily wearing away the sand on which the whole town rested. The Potter family got out in the early 1920s, as the resort became mired in legal troubles. As early as 1928, when the road was finally built, the seaward side of the spit had been significantly eroded. It didn't stop.
Every bit of rough weather now posed an existential threat to Bayocean. In 1932, a massive storm destroyed the natatorium. By 1938, 59 homes had disappeared, and residents had long since begun fleeing in earnest.
A few held on, like old Francis Mitchell, the first resident, whose stubbornness is still a local legend. In the early 1950s he was still trying to rebuild the spit with a shovel and a wheelbarrow.
In 1952, the spit became an island, when heavy seas smashed through the barrier, altering the ecological balance of the bay and the estuary that fed into it. In 1953, the post office closed and all residents were evacuated. In 1960, the last house fell into the ocean.
Erosion has claimed houses on the coast of the Pacific Northwest since then, and the conditions that bring this about are worsening. Professor Scott Burns from Portland State University says: “Global warming will produce more El Niño events.” For the Oregon Coast, and the north-west in general, that means more storms. Combined with rising seas, that means trouble for beachfront settlements.
Burns is one of those urging local authorities to locate all essential services 50ft or higher above the water. They also need to stand up to developers who want to build too close to a coast that will be subject to more erosion than ever.
If we hubristically ignore the natural systems we live, in “we will likely see more Bayoceans in the future”.
During the Industrial Revolution, a group of textile workers and weavers calling themselves the Luddites revolted against the machines they perceived to be taking their jobs. The 19th-century dissenters smashed the stocking frames, power looms and spinning frames that were being introduced to their workshops and factories.
Yesterday, the chief economist of the Bank of England, Andy Haldane, was asked whether or not the Luddites had been proved right by the current wave of automation. His response suggested that, if anything, the scale of risk to human jobs has become worse in the past couple of centuries.
“Technology appears to be resulting in faster, wider and deeper degrees of hollowing-out than in the past,” Haldane said. “Why? Because 20th-century machines have substituted not just for manual human tasks, but cognitive ones, too. The set of human skills machines could reproduce, at lower cost, has both widened and deepened.”
Should we pick up hammers and start smashing Tesco checkouts?
Speaking to Britain's trade union federation, the TUC, Haldane revealed the results of a study by the Bank, which suggested that a great deal of UK jobs could be at risk of automation. The study classified UK jobs into three categories, according to the risk they face from automation. It then multiplied these by the numbers of people employed in each category, reaching an eventual figure of 15 million jobs.
So, should we pick up hammers and start smashing Tesco checkouts?
Get creative (and learn to code)
For those looking for work in post-recession Britain, the job market can often feel pretty bleak. Coupled with 2010's rise in university tuition fees, the attitude pressed onto young people by careers officers is often that it's a safer to eschew creative subjects in favour of something that leads to a secure office job. Something like accounting.
Now, with the Bank of England's study, it turns out those jobs could be the ones at most risk of disappearing completely within the next decade, as robots begin to replace the roles of many office workers.
Be very afraid: Andy Haldane @bankofengland reveals how likely you are to be replaced by a robot... pic.twitter.com/uHvutoe5wz — Heather Stewart (@heatherstewart3) November 12, 2015
On top of yesterday's study, a recent report found that 47% of US employment is at risk of being snatched up by machines. The BBC also recently produced a frightening list, based on a study by researchers at the University of Oxford and Deloitte, noting that 35% of current jobs in the UK are at risk of computerisation over the next 20 years. The ones most at risk? Office jobs like admin, legal secretary and financial accounts manager.
According to a figure released this week by job site Indeed, young people are being massively misinformed over their future careers when it comes to the risks of jobs being lost to automation. From Indeed's survey of 1,000 16- to 25-year-olds, less than half (47%) said their teacher, lecturer or tutor discussed this trend with them. This suggests a gulf between the future job market and the future job market that is being presented to young people.
Less than half said their teacher discussed this trend with them
“Office jobs have an appeal, but they may be easy to automate over time,” Paul D'Arcy, senior vice president of Indeed, told me. “Accounting is a good example of those types of jobs as it's purely rules-based. It's one of the jobs where creativity is probably most seen as a disadvantage. And so while it's very appealing as a job that feels respectful and attractive right now, it may not be one that has as much opportunity in the long run.”
Combining creativity with technical skills
So what should young people be doing to future-proof their careers? Well, according to Indeed, it involves a combination of technical ability and creativity. Jobs hiring for these type of roles outweighed Indeed's job searches for these roles in Q3 2015.
Games developer has 2% more postings than searches
For example, Indeed says that the role of application developer currently has 47% more postings than searches, UI developer has 19.5% more postings than searches, architect has 12% more postings than searches, and games developer has 2% more postings than searches.
(Above: Bloodborne – Games developer job postings outweigh searches)
Roles like these, which hinge on a combination of creative and technical skills, are seeing significant growth. So much so, in fact, that it could end up having substantial implications on the UK economy of the next decade.
“Historically in the UK there's been a broad sector of middle-class jobs. Those jobs are shrinking and its becoming bifurcated, where you've got these very high-value, high-skill jobs, and then a set of more commoditised jobs,” D'Arcy told me.
“I think what we're going to see is a stronger segmentation of the labour market into what becomes two economies. One, incredibly high-value talent that is designing the automation and driving innovation, and that combines these technical and creative skills, and one with everyone else. For those people, it doesn't feel like there's as much opportunity. There's not substantial wage growth, and over time there's increasing pressure on their jobs from automation.”
Future society
If D'Arcy is right, and the middle-class job sector is teetering on collapse, that presents a somewhat bleak image of a future society – with stark divisions between high-value creative coders and “everyone else”. That in itself is probably enough to inspire a few Luddites. There are, however, positives to be gained in encouraging young people to pursue creativity over purely rules-based vocational work.
While technical knowhow are important, a crucial safeguard against automation is the aspect of nurturing human creativity. This emphasis could have an immensely positive effect on education – potentially returning the idea of a university as a place where students can explore and express ideas, rather than be run through a very expensive job mill.
courtesy Hadi Al Hikmani
The habitat of one of the world's rarest and most elusive big cats is shrinking fast, with the latest pressure coming from frankincense collectors.
Only around 200 critically endangered Arabian leopards remain in the wild, with the largest population in Oman. And while the latest camera trap photographs show a small but thriving population in the country, the cats are being squeezed out by encroaching humans, which brings them into conflict with camel farmers.
“We have seen leopards moving away from areas where they used to be,” says Hadi Al Hikmani, a wildlife biologist at the Office for Conservation of the Environment in Oman. “In Jabal Samhan nature reserve they're moving around 6 kilometres southwards, but in areas like Nejd, north-west of the Dhofar mountains, they're moving northwards, where they were not found in the last 10 years.”
Advertisement
The displacement is most likely due to an influx of people looking for fresh sources of valuable frankincense, used in perfume and incense.
“A small community that harvests frankincense trees has recently established some semi-permanent camps in the Jabal Samhan area, especially near water resources,” says Al Hikmani.
Disturbed leopards
People disturb the leopards, but also hunt and scare away its natural prey, the gazelle and the ibex.
This is compounded by loss of habitat from livestock overgrazing and desertification, which means leopards have limited space for manoeuvre.
Closer association with humans is set to create more conflicts, as the leopards are also known to hunt camels. Al Hikmani fears people might not be willing to turn a blind eye on lost camel livestock in the long run.
To find out more about the Arabian leopards in Oman, Al Hikmani and his colleagues installed more than 100 camera traps between 2011 and 2015 around the Dhofar mountains, and collected more than 200 scat samples for genetic analysis.
courtesy Hadi Al Hikmani
Though they have only recorded 35 individuals so far, they estimate there are around 44 to 58 wild Arabian leopards left in Oman. This would make it the world's biggest population, as only 200 wild animals are thought to be left across the Arabian Peninsula.
The leopard is facing problems across the Peninsula. Both wild and captive populations in neighbouring Yemen are under pressure from armed conflict there. “Yemeni colleagues have told us of a leopard killed in the wild and others captured for sale outside the country,” says Andrew Spalton, adviser for environmental affairs at the Omani government. “Understandably the people of Yemen have other priorities at this time.”
Twin cubs
The leopards' small population might mean they are highly inbred, which can endanger conservation prospects.
There are about 84 animals held in captivity in the Arabian Peninsula, mostly at four major locations in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Yemen. Reintroduction in Oman isn't an option at the moment as officials fear more wild cats wouldn't be met with approval from local farmers.
“While we have some support from livestock farmers for animals in the wild, I doubt there would be much appetite for releasing more animals,” says Spalton.
Nevertheless, recent camera trap photos reveal the small population is doing well, with sightings of mating leopards and newborn cubs. “The leopards are continuing to breed and we have photos of cubs – even twins,” says Spalton.
Ultimately, the future of this elusive cat in Oman depends on whether their last remaining habitat in the Dhofar mountains can be preserved.
“They are the most biodiverse area of Oman and Arabia but they are also hugely important as rangelands for livestock,” says Spalton. “Unfortunately we have yet to find a balance between livestock and wildlife.”
Read more: Elusive Arabian sand cat spotted after 10 years' disappearance; The mission to find the world's rarest cat in jungles of Java
Alexandra Carlton has an article in The Age this weekend, “The retro housewife” that proves it is just as possible to build a faux phenomenon in Australia around smart women dropping off the career ladder to become domestic over-achievers as it is to build that case in the United States, though this piece is more nuanced than others of its ilk. Pretty much all my thoughts on this faux trend are here in the article I wrote back in March for Daily Life so I won't be repetitive, and for the record Carlton, herself, argues by the end of her piece that the trend is overblown; but I will pick up on two points from her article.
My first comment is that I truly hope Anne Summers, who I have always found to be very measured, isn't quite as scathing about my generation of mothers as Carlton forecasts her to be in her forthcoming book.
Feminist and author Anne Summers is exasperated by the domestic revival. “If women want to quilt and craft and sort out their linen cupboards on a weekly basis that is their business. But don't claim it is a superior way to live,” she says. In her book The Misogyny Factor, to be released next month, Summers writes scathingly of a new generation of middle-class “yummy mummies”: “How could it have come to this – and so quickly? Not even a generation after the women's movement fought for the right for married women to keep their jobs, to have equal access to promotion, and to be paid the same as men, scores of women are walking away and saying, ‘We'd rather be Mummies.'” Writer and feminist commentator Clementine Ford agrees, and adds that while cupcake baking in and of itself is a blameless pursuit, giving up everything to devote oneself to unpaid domestic work is “self-sabotage”.
And my second point also relates to the sentiment above, which becomes a concluding point made by Emily Matchar in the article:
But, she says, for the new domesticity to become more of a revolution than a regression, it needs to better build a base of equality – the day when it's just as common to see a man cooking a meal from scratch or stirring a vat of jam while his wife brings in the primary income.
No.
We will know we're living in a world of equality not when just as many men as women are staying home making jam and looking after babies but when women can talk about their life making jam and looking after babies without everyone freaking the fuck out.
When women can make observations about the sense of purpose and fulfillment they experience from being at home with their children, and when they can say that their desire to be with their babies feels different to that their male partner experiences, and when they can describe their children as needing to be with them – when they can do all that and we, as feminists, do not reach for the panic button? Then we will know we have finally found equality. It won't be that men and women will necessarily be living the same lives with the same roles, though it may look like that, it will be equality because women's passions, ambitions, choices and failures will be, like men's, free of constant scrutiny and criticism.
Until then, as feminists, we are too often pandering to a neoliberal viewpoint that ultimately devalues care work and sees women acquiring legitimacy only through marketplace transactions. By all means fight for women's place in the workforce, it's vital activism and I'm a working-outside-the-home mother myself, but don't for a minute think you're really challenging the patriarchy until you're questioning the way in which capitalism relies upon a framework of unpaid care. It is equally a mistake to see the desire to be at home with children as either essential or universal in women, but as feminists, it matters less whether you think it good or bad for women to feel this way, it is instead crucial for the movement that you accept that some women do feel this way and that it is an authentic and strongly held feeling for them. Some women might be flinching from complexities in their life by relying upon conservative gender roles to express their preferences but for many this drive is real. Maternal desire is real.
Accepting that this is the case is not some call for women to be free to ‘choose their choice' – it is, rather, a time for reflecting upon the internalised misogyny that allows you to assume, without questioning, that self-actualisation cannot simultaneously include mothering.
Cross-posted at Hoyden About Town.
UPDATED: This is also a great reply from Amy Gray to “The retro housewife” article.
Carlton's piece is interesting for the fact the retro wives mentioned who run blogs – some of whom, it could be argued, draw a limited or decent revenue or opportunities via that pursuit and thus aren't strictly women who don't work or are already very comfortable financially – and that the contemporary feminists interviewed are by chance without children. Though I am sure it is not a conscious choice, it does subconsciously set up a vaudeville battle between “the” feminists and “the” retro wives – no kids, kids; feminists, non-feminists without allowing for the fact that there can be and is considerable overlay.
Monday, July 17: Find out about the plans and schedule for Forbes Ave bike lanes connecting Pitt and CMU
For years, BikePGH and safe streets advocates have been pushing for traffic calming measures and bike lanes along the dangerous Fifth/Forbes Corridor in Oakland. Oakland, the City's University district and second largest employment center, should be easy to get around by bicycle. However, the car-oriented Fifth and Forbes Avenues create an atmosphere of speeding and aggressive driving.
These conditions led to a terrible tragedy in 2015, when University of Pittsburgh employee, Susan Hicks, was killed on Forbes Avenue while riding her bicycle home from work, culminating in the Action for a Safe Fifth/Forbes campaign. While a redesign of Forbes near CMU had been in the works since at least 2011, nothing moved forward until last August, when a proposal including bike lanes from Craig St to Margaret Morrison, was introduced to the public. After a period of significant public feedback, Councilman Gilman then followed up during October's Susan Hicks memorial and announced that the City will extend the bike lane project to Bigelow Blvd.
This partnership, between PennDOT (who owns and controls Forbes Ave), the City of Pittsburgh, OTMA, CMU, and Pitt, are now ready to unveil their plans for a complete streets approach to Forbes Ave, between Bigelow Blvd and Margaret Morrison St, an approximately one-mile stretch of road connecting Pitt and CMU.
The project will connect to bike lanes on Forbes Ave, east of Margaret Morrison, as well as to the bike lanes on Bigelow Blvd that connect onward to Schenely Dr toward the south, and Bayard St toward the north. The rest of the Fifth/Forbes corridor west of Bigelow Blvd will presumably be redesigned and rebuilt along with the Bus Rapid Transit project currently in the works, spearheaded by the Port Authority, the URA, Allegheny County, and the City of Pittsburgh.
Public Meeting Monday, July 17 2017
The partnership will be presenting their plans and schedule for the redesigned Forbes Ave, between Bigelow Blvd and Margaret Morrison St. Based off of feedback after the last meeting, the team will present a design that includes bike lanes along the full mile-long stretch of Forbes. West of Bellefield (where Forbes is one-way), they are proposing a short contra-flow bike lane to connect to Bigelow Blvd and Schenley Dr.
The redesign is a significant and positive change from the existing conditions, so it's important that bicyclists show up and are included in the process. BikePGH has been advocating for a complete streets design of Forbes Ave for a long time, and it appears that it will finally become a reality.
Date: Monday July 17, 2017
Time: 5pm-7pm
Location: Jared L. Cohon University Center, Rangos 2, 2nd Fl
5032 Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Sign up for Bike Pittsburgh's newsletter, The Messenger, to get the latest news on events, bike and pedestrian infrastructure, and fun, delivered straight to your inbox. Twice monthly emails, no spam.
There are a number of core characters fans will want to see before Pretty Little Liars ends, and Melissa Hastings is one of the big ones. Not only has she been around since the show's pilot, but let's face it: She's been a part of a lot of the schemes happening around Rosewood.
The good news is that EW has confirmed that Torrey DeVitto will reprise her role when Pretty Little Liars returns for the back half of season 7. As fans will recall, Melissa was last seen leaving town in season 6. And considering her ex, Wren Kingston, is also making a return in season 7, maybe we'll finally get some answers. For example, did Melissa know that Spencer is Mary Drake's child?!
THR first reported the news.
Pretty Little Liars returns for its final 10 episodes in 2017.
Former White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he regrets his first move in his old job working under President Donald Trump.
Speaking to The New York Times less than a day after his much-criticized Emmys appearance, Spicer said he regrets that he yelled at reporters about the size of the crowd at Trump's inauguration during his first official appearance in the White House briefing room.
Spicer poked fun at that moment Sunday night at the Emmys, wheeling a lectern onto the stage much like the one used by actress Melissa McCarthy when she spoofed Spicer on NBC's “Saturday Night Live.”
“This will be the largest audience to witness an Emmys, period,” Spicer said Sunday, mocking his Jan. 21 press conference.
In July, Spicer announced his departure from the White House amid the hiring of White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci, who served under Trump for less than two weeks in the summer before he resigned. Spicer told Fox News host Sean Hannity he had “no regrets” about his work at the White House.
“I can't thank the president enough for this unbelievable honor, and I'm going ― I will always be grateful for that,” Spicer said.
Protesters rallied in Lancaster Saturday against a cross-burning planned by the Ku Klux Klan that evening on a private farm in the Quarryville area.
Hundreds of people rallied in Lancaster Saturday in protest of a Maryland-based Ku Klux Klan chapter's plans for a cross burning in rural Quarryville that evening.
More than 20 local leaders spoke during the two-hour demonstration about racism and oppression - history, progress, persistence and the need for continued action and vigilance - before a crowd that filled the courthouse steps and spilled into part of King Street, prompting police to close one lane of traffic.
Lifelong city resident Ron McNeil, 60, seemed optimistic afterward.
"This younger generation, of all races, they know they have to have a conversation to save the world," McNeil says. "And I believe they're going to make it happen."
The counter rally was organized by NAACP Lancaster and area faith groups, and followed a Franklin & Marshall College daylong teach-in Friday at First Reformed United Church of Christ, after media reports drew attention to a message thread on an extremist website about a cross-burning in Quarryville.
On Saturday evening, the borough was relatively quiet, aside from a carnival at the South East Community Association park to benefit the Solanco Area Football Association.
Quarryville is only a square mile as far as the borough proper, but often refers to a larger area encompassing several adjacent rural townships - including East Drumore Township, the home municiplaity of Ron Smith.
We spoke to Smith while he was monitoring the parking area at the carnival.
Smith says he thought the KKK "was extinct" until this week's news coverage.
"It's disgusting, I think. It's an oxymoron for them to say they're Christian, because they hate people," Smith says. "But [the event] ... doesn't define the whole area."
But Keith Wilson, 40, says he wasn't that surprised when he learned that it was happening in Quarryville.
Wilson lives in Lancaster city now, but his parents live in Quarryville and he went to high school in the area. After the rally on Saturday, Wilson recalled his classmates who were "loud and proud about their bigoted beliefs" and wore Confederate flags.
While that was in the 1990s, it's still not uncommon to see Confederate flags in southern parts of not only Lancaster, but also York, Adams and other counties which border the Mason-Dixon Line.
Wilson also says the 2016 election evidenced the "extreme anger" he sees underlying political, racial and other divisions in Pennsylvania and elsewhere.
"I've traveled a good bit and I wonder if there are these pockets all across rural America where there's that divide: of understanding, of world view, of everything," Wilson says. "There's something keeping people separated enough that it's possible to persist with kind of dark world view."
The KKK demonstrated in front of the borough of Quarryville's municipal building in 2001, and in the city of Lancaster in 1991. In 2014, the group announced it was starting a neighborhood watch in Fairview Township, Lancaster County, through one of its occaisonal flyer disseminations, and demonstrated in Gettysburg.
State, regional and local law enforcement officials have said they weren't contacted by the organization about this weekend's event.
One KKK member, who declined to provide his full name, reached previously by phone wouldn't give an exact address of the event location, but said it's a private farm picked for its convenience for members living in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware and West Virginia.
They expect attendance to exceed 100 people.
Senator Pauline Hanson has demanded a halt on Muslim immigration after a man allegedly screamed 'Allahu Akbar' when he fatally stabbed a British backpacker.
The One Nation leader weighed in on the latest attack after Smail Ayad allegedly killed Mia Ayliffe-Chung, 21, in a bloody rampage at a backpacker hostel.
Police alleged the knife-wielding killer shouted 'Allahu Akbar' when he butchered the young woman and left another British man Tom Jackon, 30, fighting for his life.
The outspoken politician said she felt 'disgusted to hear yet another fatal, suspected terror attack in Australia that already has a link to Islamic extremism'.
'The attack in Home Hill, south of Townsville on Tuesday night could well be the first Islamic terrorist attack in Queensland and I want some answers,' Ms Hanson said.
Scroll down for video
Senator Pauline Hanson (pictured) has demanded a halt on Muslim immigration after a man allegedly screamed 'Allahu Akbar' when he fatally stabbed a British backpacker
British backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung (right) was 'living her dream' on a gap year in Australia when she was allegedly stabbed to death by Frenchman Smail Ayad (left) at a hostel
'I'm not going to be silenced on yet another attack involving Islamic extremism – especially one occurring in the state I'm representing in the senate.
'Let's be very open in calling out any religious motivation i.e Islamic extremism, in this attack.'
On Tuesday, Queensland Police Service Deputy Commissioner Steve Gollschewski confirmed investigators would look into the matter of extremist motives, mental health issues or drug use following the tragic death of the backpacker.
But Senator Hanson believes police are trying to downplay any possible terrorism links as she used the attack to repeat her controversial call for a moratorium on allowing Muslims to immigrate to Australia.
'These violent incidents in the name of Allah clearly show we need a moratorium on Muslim immigration,' she said.
'Our own government and Commonwealth have signalled a bright yellow warning to Australians of a probable threat of terrorism on home soil.
'That threat now appears to have become a reality.'
The outspoken politician said she felt 'disgusted to hear yet another fatal, suspected terror attack in Australia that already has a link to Islamic extremism'
Her comments come on the heels of Maverick Queensland MP Bob Katter who said 'the time has come' to stop people from the Middle East and North Africa coming to Australia.
'The time has come now to stop people from those countries coming to Australia,' Mr Katter told Sky News.
He said even strict Islamic nations Saudi Arabia and Dubai had banned immigrants from North Africa, and Australia should follow suit.
'I think that the risks to the Australian people now are so great that that should not occur anymore,' Mr Katter said.
Maverick Queensland MP Bob Katter has called for a ban on people from the Middle East and North Africa coming to Australia
Mr Katter said people fleeing to Europe has led to a mass murder attempted every six days as he feared the same happening in Australia.
'It seems to me that we're having a mass murder or an attempted mass murder every three weeks in Australia,' he said.
CRUEL Liam Gash threw a cat out of a window – from the 7th floor of a Portsmouth tower block.
Gash, 21, has now been banned from keeping animals after hurling the cat from the top floor of Omega House, in Omega Street, Somers Town.
CRUEL The cat was thrown from the top floor of Omega House in Portsmouth, from the window circled. Picture: Steve Reid (114330-937)
The cat, a 13-year-old tabby called Poppy, was left with serious injuries and suspected brain damage – but miraculously survived the 75ft fall.
Portsmouth Magistrates' Court heard Gash was visiting friends at Omega House on the evening of June 7 this year.
He and his pal asked if they could stay over and offered their friend, Adam Baldwin, 27, who lives at Omega House and owned the cat, £20 for the trouble.
Mr Baldwin went to bed, leaving Gash and his friend Nathan Bateman drinking vodka and coke.
Graham Dubber, prosecuting, said Gash's friend was stroking the cat.
He said: ‘The cat was in the bedroom with them.
‘The cat seemed to be perfectly healthy, purring around them. He was stroking the cat at which point Mr Gash said “I am going to chuck that cat out of the window”.
‘Mr Bateman implored him not to do this saying “Liam don't do that, don't do it”. Before he could stop Gash, he was holding the cat. He was at arm's length from the window and just threw it out.'
The court was told Gash said ‘don't say anything, we didn't do anything'.
The cat was found by local residents and taken to a vet, where it was diagnosed with a broken pelvis and suspected brain damage.
Mr Dubber said: ‘Her eyes were flicking from side to side, an indicator that the nerves between her brain and eyes were damaged.'
Vets at animal charity PDSA performed emergency surgery on Poppy to repair her pelvis.
Mr Dubber said: ‘She recovered well from surgery. Since the surgery she's walking well but has weakness in her hind limbs.'
Gash pleaded not guilty, but magistrates found him guilty of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal.
Gaylene Coles, defending Gash, said he plans to appeal.
She said: ‘There's no doubt this is a particularly nasty and heinous crime in relation to animal cruelty and one the public will be particularly aggrieved by.
‘The night that the incident happened was certainly one of drunken silliness and foolishness.'
She said that while Gash denied being the one responsible he was horrified by what happened to the cat.
Magistrates sentenced Gash, of Blendworth Crescent, Leigh Park, to a nine-month community order and nine-month alcohol treatment programme.
He was banned from owning or being involved in any aspect of the keeping of animals for five years.
Chairman of the bench Joanna Murphy said: ‘In throwing that cat from the 7th floor, you could not fail to understand the consequences could prove fatal.
‘It was a disgraceful act and cannot be tolerated. We are pretty appalled by what we have heard today.'
‘I am disgusted by what has happened'
POPPY'S owner Adam Baldwin said he was horrified the cat was thrown from his flat window.
The first he knew about it was when police knocked on his door in the early hours to say residents had found the injured moggy outside.
He said: ‘The cat was from my previous relationship and was the last thing I had from my ex and my kids.
‘It was a family cat and meant a lot to me. I am disgusted by what happened.
‘I let him stay here and I put my trust in him, then he goes and does something like that.'
Mr Baldwin said he had been forced to rehome the cat as he could not afford to pay for the medication it needs to take every day.
The PDSA has now found Poppy a new home.
PC Kevin Parker, from Portsmouth Central police station, who investigated the case, said: ‘Throwing a defenceless cat from a 7th floor window is clearly a sick and abhorrent act for which there can be no justification. It seems in this case that the only motivation for it was for the offenders own self gratification so I'm pleased that he has been brought to justice.'
A statement from the RSPCA said: ‘It never stops being distressing to see vulnerable creatures being caused immense suffering at the hands of humans.'
Bath Bombs, or Bath Fizzies, are like giant alka-seltzers for your bath – they spin, whirl and swirl in your bath while releasing scent and skin-softening agents. They make bath time SUPER fun! If you've never made bath bombs before, check out this video on Soap Queen TV and learn how to make bath bombs.
Basic Bath Bomb Recipe
Gather your ingredients:
• 1 part Citric Acid
• 2 parts Baking Soda
• Witch Hazel
• Coloring of your choice
• Fragrance Oil of your choice
• Dome Shaped Mold
1. BLEND BLEND the citric acid and baking soda – this step is super important – if you don't blend well, you end up with a grainy bomb. We actually use a mixer on our larger batches.
2. Once you've blended really well, add your colorant. Dry pigments or a specialty bath fizzy colorant like La Bombs work best – don't add too much though – the color shows up once you add the witch hazel.
3. Add fragrance oils to your personal nose preference.
4. Now, this is the difficult part. Spritz (with a squirt bottle) the witch hazel onto your batch while stirring with the other hand. When your batch sticks together when squished, you need to start putting it in molds – time is of the essence. If you wait too long, the mixture will get hard. If you spritz too much, the mixture will be too wet and “grow” (start the fizzing reaction) on you.
5. Put the bombs in molds – wait a few minutes and tap them out. Let them air dry for 3 or 4 hours and voila! Wonderful, hard bath bombs. The harder you pack the bath bombs, the more dense, heavy, and durable bomb you will get.
Water Softening Fizzy
1 cup Baking Soda
1/2 cup Citric Acid
1/2 cup Corn Starch
2-1/2 tablespoons Oil (I use a combo of Grapeseed and Almond, but you can use any liquid oils)
3/4 tablespoon Water
2 teaspoons Essential or Fragrance Oils
1/2 teaspoon Borax
Spray bottle filled with Witch Hazel
1. Mix the baking soda, citric acid and corn starch until well blended.
2. In a separate bowl combine cooking oil, water, essential oil, and borax. Mix well. Drizzle wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, pouring with one hand and squishing it together with the other.
3. Pack into candy or soap molds. I use a circular 2 oz. soap mold with a flower pattern on the top (it's tooooo hard to unmold anything with squared corners). Pack it in really hard, then immediately flip it over and tap it out onto a lined cookie sheet. When all are done, lightly mist with witch hazel and let dry overnight.
4. Next day, turn over and mist the bottoms with witch hazel. Let dry another day. The witch hazel forms a crust on the outside that keeps them from cracking and falling apart, although they're still a little fragile. Don't make them when it's damp outside, high humidity makes it much harder to do.
Moisture Rich Fizzy
Dry ingredients:
1 cup Baking Soda
1/2 cup Corn Starch
1/4 cup Epsom Salt
1/2 cup Citric Acid
Wet ingredients:
Mix all dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and then in a separate dish or cup mix wet ingredients and then combine the two. I use a wire wisk….the mix doesn't really even look wet but it compacts nicely into molds and after drying through the night they are rock hard and fizz for almost 2 minutes.
Make sure to wisk fast when adding wet ingredients to prevent fizzing whisk for a good minute and then press mix into your mold.
Tub Tints 3 cups Baking Soda
1 1/2 cups Citric Acid
2 cups Corn Starch
3 cc Fragrance Oil
.15cc powdered water-soluble dye (pigments or micas will NOT work. FD&C Blue and FD&C Yellow from Bramble Berry WILL work. If you use a pigment or mica, it may not disperse evenly in the water, and may stain your tub!) Mix all ingredients completely. The mixture will appear white. Package into decorative bags and tie closed. To use, add 1/4 to 1/2 cup per full tub of water. Mix crystals in completely before getting into the water. Taa-daaaa! Colored bath water!
Fizzy Milk Bath Bombs
Mix all dry ingredients together well, drizzle the olive oil and melted cocoa butter and fragrance/essential oil over the dry mix, mix together with hands, and then use witch hazel/water blend to get the product to the right consistency to shove into your favorite molds. Enjoy with your bath!
Posted on by RBuccicone
Dullsville
Immediately upon it's opening, 4 for Texas informs us that Charles Bronson‘s character is the villain and characters named Zack and Joe are the good guys, a fact that is easy to forget as we stumble through a sloppy story in which Rat Packers Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra arenotgood pals.
Sure the two characters seem to be on great terms as the start of the movie takes us on a high-speed horse-drawn stagecoach race. Bronson's Matson is leading a horseback gang that seeks to take both the $100,000 the coach is carrying and the man defending it, Sinatra's Zack Thomas. With Sinatra on the roof of the coach and Martin's Joe Jarrett inside, they fend off the attackers with some sharp shooting before the coach crashes a safe distance from the villains. The following exchange, however, sees the money and power change hands a few times between Zack and Joe, who are firmly enemies by the time the latter walks off with the cash.
The money came from dirty Galveston banker Harvy Burden (Victor Buono) who hired Zack to protect the coach and Matson to attack it. The money was meant to be Zack's to buy a bum river boat that he would transform into a gambling operation. The man is consoled by French girlfriend Elya, played by the ever voluptuous Anita Ekberg.
Joe meanwhile arrives in Galveston and makes a fast friend in Angel (Nick Dennis), who deposits the stolen money from Joe's jacket lining into Harvy's bank, where it cannot be touched. Our two main men have back and forth arguments about the money, but Joe opts to pursue setting up the gambling boat himself, especially after meeting its owner, the less-classy seductress Maxine (Ursula Andress). When the gambling operation is ready to open, however, Joe will have to fend off Zack before both parties are forced to team up against Matson.
4 for Texas is a silly comedy complete with cameos from the aging Three Stooges. Sinatra and Martin had the time of their lives on the set, much to the chagrin of Director Robert Aldrich. Sinatra in particular often arrived late and refused to do more than a couple takes. The lack of effort does not necessarily show in the performances, but the story and overall picture are sloppy. Sinatra comes off as the villain for a good portion of the movie while our favors side with Martin. The women do not particularly bring anything to the picture, nor do they advance the plot in any irreplaceable way. And let's be honest, in many ways Ekberg with her mountainous bosom and Ursula with her comparable curves were probably only incorporated into the picture as eye candy and/or as a distraction for the stars.
4 for Texas was certainly not the worst Sinatra or Martin movie I have seen, nor the worst western Sinatra did (see The Kissing Bandit). It also has a certain amount of glamor that has its appeal, but as a story it lacks all quality. One will not be bored watching this movie, it just is likely to leave the viewer dissatisfied.
Advertisements
Filed under: Comedy, Western | Tagged: Anita Ekberg, Charles Bronson, Dean Martin, Dullsville, Robert Aldrich, Sinatra, Ursula Andress |
Bastian Schweinsteiger had a witty response when congratulated on scoring his first Old Trafford goal against Wigan Athletic.
The Manchester United midfielder made his first start in over a year in the FA Cup fourth round, and marked his return with an assist and a goal.
Spotted with wife Ana Ivanovic in Hale on Monday afternoon, he was offered congratulations on his strike in front of the United fans - after previously netting for the club against Leicester City at the King Power Stadium.
But he smiled and replied: "No, this is my second goal at Old Trafford. My first was for Bayern Munich."
Schweinsteiger scored the equaliser for Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter final in 2014, cancelling out Nemanja Vidic's opening strike, before being sent off in the dying stages of the game.
(Image: Eamonn & James Clarke)
What time does the transfer window close?
He was suspended for the return at the Allianz Arena, which United lost 3-1 despite taking the lead through Patrice Evra.
However, it might not be his last goal at the Theatre of Dreams, after Jose Mourinho told reporters after the 4-0 victory against Wigan Athletic that Schweinsteiger would remain at the club and be added to the Europa League squad ahead of the round of 32 clash with St Etienne.
Mourinho said: "Yeah, he's staying and he's going to the Europa League list," Mourinho said. "Because we open spaces with [Memphis] Depay and [Morgan] Schneiderlin.
Manchester United player ratings: Bastian Schweinsteiger and Anthony Martial class
"And we don't have many players and in midfield we don't have many options, so obviously he's an option. Ninety minutes today was probably too hard for him, I think from minute 65 or 70 it was a bit difficult but important for him to have this impact in his body.
"And now I think he's happy and if he was a good professional when he was not playing, having some minutes and opportunities he's going to be the same good professional.
"With so many competitions and so many matches we have he is an option."
It wasn't long ago that Mario Draghi was spreading confidence and good cheer. "The worst is over," the head of the European Central Bank (ECB) told Germany's Bild newspaper only a few weeks ago. The situation in the euro zone had "stabilized," Draghi said, and "investor confidence was returning." And because everything seemed to be on track, Draghi even accepted a Prussian spiked helmet from the reporters. Hurrah.
Last week, however, Europe's chief monetary watchdog wasn't looking nearly as happy in photos taken in front of a circle of blue-and-yellow stars inside the Euro Tower, the ECB's Frankfurt headquarters, where he was congratulating the winners of an international student contest. He smiled, shook hands and handed out certificates. But what he had to tell his listeners no longer sounded optimistic. Instead, Draghi sounded deeply concerned and even displayed a touch of resignation. "You are the first generation that has grown up with the euro and is no longer familiar with the old currencies," he said. "I hope we won't experience them again."
The fact that Europe's top central banker is no longer willing to rule out a return to the old national currencies shows how serious the situation is. Until recently, it was seen as a sign of political correctness to not even consider the possibility of a euro collapse. But now that the currency dispute has escalated in Europe, the inconceivable is becoming conceivable, at all levels of politics and the economy.
Collapse of Currency a 'Very Likely Scenario'
Investment experts at Deutsche Bank now feel that a collapse of the common currency is "a very likely scenario." German companies are preparing themselves for the possibility that their business contacts in Madrid and Barcelona could soon be paying with pesetas again. And in Italy, former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is thinking of running a new election campaign, possibly this year, on a return-to-the-lira platform.
Nothing seems impossible anymore, not even a scenario in which all members of the currency zone dust off their old coins and bills -- bidding farewell to the euro, and instead welcoming back the guilder, deutsche mark and drachma.
It would be a dream for nationalist politicians, and a nightmare for the economy. Everything that has grown together in two decades of euro history would have to be painstakingly torn apart. Millions of contracts, business relationships and partnerships would have to be reassessed, while thousands of companies would need protection from bankruptcy. All of Europe would plunge into a deep recession. Governments, which would be forced to borrow additional billions to meet their needs, would face the choice between two unattractive options: either to drastically increase taxes or to impose significant financial burdens on their citizens in the form of higher inflation.
A horrific scenario would become a reality, a prospect so frightening that it ought to convince every European leader to seek a consensus as quickly as possible. But there can be no talk of consensus today. On the contrary, as the economic crisis worsens in southern Europe, the fronts between governments are only becoming more rigid.
The Italians and Spaniards want Germany to issue stronger guarantees for their debts. But the Germans are only willing to do so if all euro countries transfer more power to Brussels -- steps the southern member states, for their part, don't want to take.
The Patient Is Getting Worse
The discussion has been going in circles for months, which is why the continent's debtor countries continue to squander confidence, among both the international financial markets and their citizens. No matter what medicine European politicians prescribe, the patient isn't getting any better. In fact, it's only getting worse.
For weeks, investors and experts demanded a solution to the Spanish banking crisis, preferably in the form of a cash infusion from the two Luxembourg-based European bailout funds, the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) and the European Stability Mechanism (ESM). When Madrid finally decided to request what could ultimately amount to almost 100 billion ($125 billion), the experts realized that this would suddenly send Spain's government debt shooting up from 70 to 80 percent. As a result, interest rates started rising instead of falling.
The experience of the last few days describes the entire dilemma faced by European politicians trying to rescue the euro: A step that was intended to provide relief only exacerbated the problem.
The same thing happened with the next proposal, which made the rounds last week. Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti wanted the European bailout funds to intervene on behalf of Spain and Italy to bring down their borrowing costs.
But that would have required the affected countries to submit to a program of reforms, a path Monti and his Spanish counterpart, Mariano Rajoy, want to avoid. They would prefer to have the money without conditions. But the German government is unwilling to accept this, which puts Europe at its next impasse. Furthermore, the rescue strategists' resources are limited. Although the Luxembourg bailout funds still have more than 600 billion in uncommitted resources, it is already clear that the money would be used up quickly if what many experts now believe is unavoidable came to pass, namely that not just the Spanish banking industry but in fact the entire country required a bailout. The bailout funds would be completely overtaxed if Italy also needed help.
Even ECB Has Largely Exhausted Resources
Until now, the defenders of the euro have been able to resort to the massive funds of the ECB, if necessary. If things got tight, the monetary watchdogs could inject new money into the market.
But now even the ECB has largely exhausted its resources. It has already bought up so much of the sovereign debt of ailing countries that any additional shopping spree threatens to backfire, causing interest rates to explode instead of fall. At the same time, the conflict between Northern and Southern Europe in the ECB Governing Council is heating up. Last week, the head of Spain's central bank managed to convince the ECB to ease its rules to allow Spanish banks to use even weaker collateral than before in exchange for borrowing money from the ECB. This could set off a tiff with the central bankers from the donor countries, who are loath to look on as the risks in the central bank's balance sheet continue to grow.
Indeed, the European leaders seeking to save the euro are in a race against the clock. The question is whether the economy in Southern Europe will recover before the euro rescuers' tools are exhausted, or whether it will be too late by the time the recovery arrives. It's a question of growth and the economy, but also of character. How willing are the Spaniards and Italians to accept reforms and hardship, and how willing, on the other hand, are the donor countries of the north to provide assistance and make sacrifices?
Not willing enough, say many experts. As a result, the world is imagining the unthinkable: the withdrawal of several Southern European countries from the monetary union, or possibly even the general collapse of the euro zone. It isn't easy to predict how such a tornado would affect the global economy, but it's clear that the damage would be immense.
Nathaniel Branden, the man who turned Ayn Rand's Objectivist philosophy into a popular intellectual movement, died today at age 84.
He and Rand famously broke over complications involving a long-term affair of theirs that ended badly in 1968; the tale is told at length from his perspective in his memoir—the most recent edition called My Years with Ayn Rand—and interestingly, from his ex-wife Barbara Branden's perspective in her 1986 Rand biography, The Passion of Ayn Rand.
After the break with Rand in 1968, Branden had his own highly successful career as a hugely popular writer on psychology, and he is a pioneer of the vital importance of "self-esteem" in modern culture.
Unlike the way the concept has been denatured over the decades, Branden, still Objectivist at heart, wrote with the understanding that creating a worthwhile and valuable life from the perspective of your own values was key to self-esteem, and thus to psychological health. That is, self-esteem wasn't something that should be a natural given to a human, nor our birthright, but something to be won through clear-eyed understanding of our own emotions and their sources, and our values and how to pursue them.
Branden was vital to the spread of Rand's ideas in two distinct junctures: by creating and publicizing the ideas inherent in her fiction through nonfiction and lectures via the Nathaniel Branden Institute in its lectures and magazines from 1958 to 1968 (a task Rand would almost certainly not have attempted without his prodding and aid).
Then, after Rand broke from him and all "official" Objectivists were required to revile him, Branden was a living example that intelligent admiration for and advocacy of Rand's ideas need not be tied in with thoughtless fealty to Rand as a person, or to the pronouncements of those who controlled her estate, with all the attendant flaws and occasional irrationality: that one need not be an official Randian to spread the best of Objectivism. As late as 2010, Branden published print versions of his NBI lectures helping systematize her ideas under the title The Vision of Ayn Rand.
Branden was a friend to Reason over the years. An interview he gave to the magazine back in 1971 was vital in breaking the then very-small-circulation publication up into the thousands in circulation.
He was helpful and giving with information when I researched my 2007 book on the history of the American libertarian movement, of which he was such a major figure, Radicals for Capitalism: A Freewheeling History of the Modern American Libertarian Movement. He maintained an interest and enthusiasm for libertarian and Objectivist ideas til the end. And as he told me once, to the extent that a libertarian society requires self-realized, self-responsible people--and he believed it did--he considered his work in psychology to be an extension of his interest in political liberty.
Branden's friend Jim Peron eulogizes him at Huffington Post.
A Reason TV interview with Branden from 2009:
After a Tulane University fraternity built a wall with the Donald Trump slogan “Make America Great Again” written across it as satire, now a group of whining college students are petitioning the university, saying the wall is “overtly threatening” to Muslim and Hispanic students.
The Hayride reported late yesterday how the Kappa Alpha fraternity erected their annual wall with a Donald Trump slogan to be satirical. But apparently a group of football players didn't get the satire, prompting them to physically tear down the wall, which was on private property.
Check out the video of that incident HERE.
Now, a petition which by Manali Souda already has more than 650 signatures, in which is claims the Tulane frat's wall was “overtly threatening towards Muslim and Latino students.”
Here's what the precious little snowflakes wrote about the frat's Trump satire wall in full:
We the undersigned stand in solidarity with the individuals who took the brave action of dismantling the wall in front of Kappa Alpha Fraternity House. This wall, although a tradition carried on by Kappa Alpha for many years, has been a source of aggression towards students of colour on this campus, and this year, with the addition of the labels “Trump” and “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,” has become overtly threatening towards Muslim and Latino students. Although Kappa Alpha has agreed to make changes to traditions that have previously discomforted students of colour, especially Black students, this wall and its labels prove that these promises were only superficial.
The labels “Trump” and “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” have connotations that reverbrate beyond this campus and into the larger xenophobic and racist discourse that has surrounded this general election. Trump has suggested that Mexican immigrants bring “drugs” and “crime” and that they are rapists. He has called for the deportation of Muslims, and he has promised to build a wall between Mexico and the US that should supposedly keep out Mexican immigrants. This rhetoric is inflammatory and has direct consequences for Latino and Muslim people in the United States, especially the students on this campus. When Kappa Alpha built a wall, a physical manifestation of the wall that Trump desires, they are making his racist sentiments material. By attaching his slogan “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” to that wall, they are sending a clear message to students of colour, especially Latino and Muslim students, that they are not welcome here. The wall is a tangible embodiment of the daily aggressions that Latino and Muslim students face at this school. Although KA has since claimed that these labels were satirical, it's impossible to separate the “intent” of the wall from its real, direct impact, which is that it has only contributed to the exclusionary environment faced by Latino and Muslim students on campus. We want a community free of racism, free of xenophobia, free of anti-immigrant sentiments. We want to create a community that does not tolerate prejudice and open discrimination. The actions of Kappa Alpha has threatened this community; the individuals who took down their wall have only bolstered it. In this spirit, we stand with these individuals. If the individuals who took the wall down are targeted or penalised in any way for their actions, we the undersigned organisations would also like to claim responsibility for this act. For us, marginalised and progressive students, solidarity is more than a buzzword. We stand shoulder to shoulder with those who seek to support us. We encourage those who are interested in speaking more about this topic to contact GENTE ([email protected]) or SOAR ([email protected]).
The incident comes as college students who support Trump see a number of actions taken against them after they publicly endorse the New York business mogul.
The past few months of national politics have been dominated by speculation that the Republican National Convention could turn ugly. It now appears the Democrats are headed toward their own version of convention conflict.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who has run an unexpectedly tough campaign against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, wrote a letter Friday to the Democratic National Committee urging it to play fair when choosing the standing committees that will determine the rules and platform for the party. Sanders said in the letter that two appointees who had already been named are “aggressive attack surrogates on the campaign trail” for Clinton, including former Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank — who sits on the board of directors of a major bank that was recently named in a lawsuit about an alleged Ponzi scheme. Frank has also publicly boasted about the money he has raked in from Wall Street, both as a lawmaker and now as a top Democratic Party power broker.
Frank's appointment could prove to be a hurdle for Sanders, who says he should be able to influence the Democrats' platform since he piled up a significant number of votes and won many states during the nominating season. One of the issues he is almost certain to push is Wall Street banking reform, which has been a cornerstone of his campaign message.
Frank sits on the board of Signature Bank, a 15-year-old bank that boasts $33 billion in assets and turned a record profit last year of $373 million. Of the $18,000 the bank donated to congressional candidates during Frank's last election cycle, the Massachusetts lawmaker received $2,400, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics.
Investors filed suit against Signature this year after the company lost $66 million of investor cash in a scheme run by William Landberg, a money manager, who pleaded guilty to the crime in 2011. Investors allege that Signature helped Landberg by ordering him to shift money around dozens of accounts to cover up long-term overdrafts, according to the New York Times .
Between 1989 and his retirement in January 2013, Frank raked in more than $1 million worth of campaign donations from the securities and investment industry, according to CRP data. More than a third of that cash haul came during the 2010 election cycle, when Frank was involved in sculpting new Wall Street rules — which some critics including Sen. Sanders say did not go far enough to rein in the industry after the crisis.
In 2012, Frank told NPR that such donations inevitably influence those in position to wield political power.
"People say, 'Oh, it doesn't have any effect on me,'" he said at the time. "Well, if that were the case, we'd be the only human beings in the history of the world who on a regular basis took significant amounts of money from perfect strangers and made sure that it had no effect on our behavior."
In the months before his appointment to oversee the Democratic Party's platform, Frank has touted all the money he accepted from the financial industry.
Of late, though, Frank has changed his tune. While promoting Clinton's candidacy, he has called the Vermont senator “McCarthyite” for demanding Clinton release transcripts of her paid speeches to Wall Street groups. Frank has also started arguing that his own willingness to take finance industry cash was a good thing.
“Over a 40-year career in elected office, I not only took contributions from [the finance] industry, I requested them,” he wrote in Politico in December in a piece entitled “Yes, I Took Bank Money. And It Made Me a Better Regulator.”
“Since retiring three years ago, I have again not only accepted fees from financial companies and finance groups, but I've solicited opportunities to do so through my agents. I've also served for two years on the advisory board of First Alliance, a company that deals with residential mortgages.”
The former House member argued, “By demonizing finance-industry contributions, we're effectively insisting that instead of 80 percent of the industry's contributions going to opponents of regulation, it should be 95 percent or more. Is this money corrupting? In my own experience, it's more reasonable to see it as a form of political self-defense unlikely to dilute their support for reform.”
We all get impatient from time to time. We have to deal with circumstances that are out of our control. And that feeling of wanting to be in control causes our impatience.
We want things to go our way. We need it to be like this or otherwise we can't do that. We need to be in time and get it done. Others need to listen, hurry up and act properly as we expect.
All those things would not even be an issue if we'd learn to slow down instead of speeding up. But let's assume you haven't learned this lesson yet and you want to learn how not to lose your patience. What can you do? How can you make life easier for yourself and your environment?
Let's take a closer look.
What if
So imagine a scenario. What if you would actually arrive a few minutes too late? Would you fall of the earth? Would things turn out that bad that you would have to lose your temper over it? Would losing your temper make you catch up with the time or would it just turn everything against you?
What if things don't turn out like you have in mind? Maybe the universe has something else in store for you and wants you to take a different turn in order to get to where you really need to be. Sometimes, what seems a bad thing will turn into a good thing.
Control
Why should you get irritated or angry over something you have no control over? It will just make things worse. Control makes things rigid. It limits the possibilities and the potential to where things can evolve.
You can only guess what happens if you control things your way, but you'll be surprised what happens if you learn to let go of that control, and start listening carefully, paying attention to what is happening around you, let things unfold naturally and act accordingly.
Life would be a lot more friendly and you'd discover you wouldn't have to lose your patience. Let the flow take it's course.
It doesn't mean you need to let go of everything and anything, but when you notice that you are losing your temper, your calm, and your good positive attitude, the alarm bells should start ringing.
Letting go
And what if you would let go… of control, of your wants and wishes, your cravings and desires? What if you would let go of that fixed mindset and surrender?
I don't mean giving in while silently holding your anger or frustration, but truly surrender to the moment in front of you.
Now let's allow the moment for what it is. Take a step back and calm yourself. Take a deep breath in and slowly breath out as long as you can. Let go of any resentful thoughts. Remove yourself from the old equation, from how the situation appears to you at the surface, and look at it with a fresh pair of eyes and an eased heart and mind.
Now observe… look… and try to see things from a different perspective, a new angle, and find the sparkle and beauty of what is in front of you. A burden will fall off of you. You will feel lighter and relieved.
Realise you can choose to be free. Free from losing your temper, from feeling angry, and free from that uncomfortable negative feeling that sucks the life out of you. Those feelings don't contribute any value to your precious life. Choose to be free of that.
Practice
Now practice this. Say to yourself three times a day (in the morning, afternoon and evening) “I choose to be free” and think about what that means to you. Every time you encounter a situation where you feel overwhelmed, where you are likely to lose your patience, feel the urge to get irritated or angry, say to yourself “I choose to be free”. Smile, take a deep breath, breath out real slowly and feel the calmness arise.
Be free.
Please share your comments below. I'd appreciate it.
About
What The Money is For:
The goal of this project is to immerse you, the reader, into a deep mystical world.
The money will be used to pay for art, design, and printing of the book. This will be different than a traditional novel as each chapter will be accompanied by full page colored pieces. The book will be 150+ pages, with an additional 30+ pages of art! I have had the distinct pleasure of working with these artists to create samples and guage the time required to complete the project. Once the funding is in, it will take five months. It will take a little over 4 months to compile and edit the content for the book, and another month to finalize the gifts. Shipping in the US and Canada is accommodated for, but international shipping will need to include an extra $15. The book and rewards will be available for the January '12 spring season!
To edit the appropriate degree of content requires more funding. I am grateful for your decision to invest in this story, so it is only fair that you be immortalized within its record books. For $1 you will have one line recorded of your name, or one of your choosing (nothing obscene please). As with the book, I also have rewards available for the deep investor. Further rewards include exclusive sketches, personalized stories, book customization, and even your own armor/weapon cosplay!
This will finalize and release a collection of short stories that is set in the world of Araimaya, a place that channels a dark science, while exposing dynamic spiritual perspectives. You will find the classic themes of fantasy, but with new elements. Discover a martial arts system influenced by the Platonic forms, symbolized akin to the Tan Tui of Shaolin Kung Fu. You will be creating a dynamic community and foster the growth of a fan base. My favorite series and franchises have been those that maintain a healthy relationship with its supporters. You can direct the flow of the stories as a community on the subreddit. Interact with Ashika and discover more about Araimaya.
THE STORY :
The Three Ages were marked by war, each being a transition from one ruling system to another. The first was the Age of the Yaramis Empire. The second is the Kingdom of Shrai. The third is demarcated as the time after the kingdom collapsed until the end of Orya's journey.
Orya is a Ghizgen Scribe, she has the ability to record stories without inscription. Her mystical journal, attuned to her by blood, will automatically create the words by her physical touch. She has been trained with the belief that only true stories can be recorded, a lie or misinformation simply won't show. It can record up to five years of information, at which point a new journal must be created or the current one archived. Her journey is one of self restoration and historical discovery - in order to return home she must find out why she's dreaming memories from the past, memories that are not her own. This leads her to discover that much she thought was immutable is not. It is love that drives her forward and duty which makes her yearn for home.
Hodjin, a slave during of the Shrai Kingdom, achieves nobility. He submits his mind to the belief of pure devotion, but not to corrupt principles. He learns to bypass pain as a method to enhance his strength, creating an unrivalled fighting style. His devotion to Princess Layla and her reciprocated love were the catalysts for Araimaya's Third Age.
Ashika Yaramis, a princess frustrated with her Emperors method of rule. Her personal struggle creates a political turning point from which everything she knows to be true changes. The world of Araimaya was forever altered by her love for another. She will ascend and be recorded as the greatest warrior of time, but at what cost?
There will be four stories for each age, reflecting the significance of each character's actions to Araimaya. The narrative voice and point of views change. Orya's stories combine a first person view through her journal entry excerpts and third person detailing her adventures. There are some historical sections for those who enjoy reading of events without their personal and emotional aspects.
Further details regarding Araimaya, such as the science/magic, fighting systems, and character information can be found at the Production Blog. It will feature four weekly updates until the project is completed - two during the weekdays, two on the weekends. These will include sketches, story drafts, and character designs.
Here is the super team behind the visual presentation:
~Andrew M.
Colors - Ivanna M.
Lines - Patricia L.
~Maria S.B.
Book Designer
Alex P.
Cosplay Armor/Weapon Design
DeAnna D.
*NOTE - as half of my art team is composed of native spanish speakers, a spanish version will be available! The spanish translated page will be found HERE.
Thank you so much for stopping by, please spread the word!
Metropolis: Byzantine, the First Part of Ethereum's Planned Hard Fork, Activates October 17
Recently the first part of the Metropolis hard fork launched on Ethereum's Ropsten testnet. On October 17, the hard fork is scheduled to go live on main net. To stay part of the network, every user has to update their client. But what does Metropolis actually change? Is the hard fork a big hit – or does it disappoint against the high expectations?
On October 17, Ethereum will reach the third stage of its life cycle. After passing Frontier and Homestead, another hard fork will ring in the Metropolis era. The first part of the hard fork will activate some changes, which are not as fundamental as expected, but will significantly change Ethereum nevertheless.
On the Ropsten testnet, the hard fork already happened on September 25. On main net, the upgrade is scheduled to activate at block 4,370,000. When this happens – anticipated during the morning of October 17 – every client must have upgraded. Those which haven't will be cut off from the network.
The original plan was to transform Ethereum from proof of work to proof of stake. Such a transition would have fired the miners with their graphic cards and replaced them with investors, which “stake” with their coins. A radical transformation of the basic design of Ethereum will not happen with Metropolis. The developers postponed it to the fourth and last phase of Ethereum, Serenity, to keep the Metropolis hard fork closer to the ground.
To coordinate the fork better, it was split in two parts; Byzantine and Constantinople. The first part, Byzantine, is what is in line. But what will it have inside? We will take a look at the changes, one by one, and try to decrypt them.
EIP 649: The Ice Age ends
Currently the “Ice Age algorithm” still increases the mining difficulty exponentially. This can be seen in the statistics of the network; the minting of new ether decreases, while the interval between the blocks increases. Soon, Ethereum will reach a state of slowness, and then it will happen relatively quickly that it will become unusable (see Ethereum: Winter is Coming).
The Ice Age algorithm had only one purpose – to force a hard fork. So, the least the upcoming Byzantine hard fork has to do, is to deactivate the difficulty bomb. This happens with EIP 649. To be more concrete, EIP 649 postpones the Ice Age for 18 months and reduces the block reward from five to three ether. This aims to prepare the system for the upcoming transformation to proof of stake which will further reduce the reward.
But, of course, EIP 649 is not the most prominent part of the hard fork. There are seven important changes, which are the result of long discussions of the Ethereum developers. They are very technical and it is not obvious what benefit Ethereum and its users get from them.
The Byzantine hard fork touches five areas of Ethereum; Performance, Light Clients, Mining, Privacy, and Contracts.
Performance
EIP 98: More parallelization with less state root calculation
In Ethereum, you have a so-called ‘state root'; a special kind of Merkle tree which builds some kind of proof of the whole state. The state of Ethereum contains all active accounts and contracts. With the state root, you can validate entries of the state. The state root is usually recalculated after each transaction.
EIP 98 eliminates the calculation of the state root after each transaction. This allows to parallelize the calculation of the state root and to reduce the number of Merkle roots calculations. This will help to reduce the required computer power of Ethereum. In the future, EIP 98 can help to not just parallelize the state root calculation, but also the processing of transactions. Which will further reduce the required computer power.
The disadvantage of EIP 98 is that fraud proofs, with which light clients can validate transactions, need to consist of a whole block. Since blocks in Ethereum are relatively small, this problem seems to be manageable.
Light Clients
EIP 658: Light Clients can check if a contract was executed
With EIP 98 transactions need no longer to contain a state root field. EIP 658 replaces it with another field, which stores information regarding whether a contract was executed completely and correctly. This allows for light clients, which do not sync the whole blockchain or load the whole state, to be able to detect if a operation with a contract they deployed or interact with was successful. As it stands at the moment, light client are not able to do this independently without help.
The change of EIP 658 can help to allow light clients to better interoperate with contracts without the need for trusted third parties.
Mining
EIP 100: Adjustment of the reward to uncles
Beside the reduction of the reward by EIP 649, the EIP 100 also affects mining. Its topic revolves around the so-called ‘uncles.' Like with Bitcoin, two miners on the Ethereum network can find a block nearly at the same time. In this case, two blocks exist for a short time, before the network sorts out one block as invalid. Then the chain with this block dies. These blocks are called “orphans” with Bitcoin and “uncles” with Ethereum. Other than with Bitcoin, with Ethereum the ‘uncles' get a little block reward. This aims to make mining more equitable.
However, the reward of the uncles had an unwanted side effect. In some situations, it was possible that due to many uncles the actual block reward has been higher than the planned five ether. A new formula for the adjustment of the difficulty, which now also takes uncles into account, fixes this bug.
Privacy
EIP 198, 212, 213: zk-SNARKs are coming to Ethereum!
Maybe the most important and prominent part of the Metropolis hard fork is a bundle of three EIPs; 198, 212 and 213. These EIPs will allow some complex cryptographic operations inside of a contact, like RSA, and the deployment of precompiled contracts on certain elliptic curves. These changes will enable without other things zk-SNARK zero knowledge proofs.
Zk-SNARK proofs have been developed by the Zcash team. They allow hiding transaction details as well as other state changes by contracts. The recipient of a transaction can still validate if it was correct. But the content of the transaction does not need to be made public. A transaction with zk-SNARKs will cost much more gas than the traditional transactions. But it will bring the long-needed privacy to Ethereum.
Contracts
Most changes of the Byzantine hard fork affect contracts. Since contracts are the most important unit of operations for Ethereum, these changes might have a large effect on the ecosystem.
EIP 214: More secure call of other contracts in a contract
It can happen that a smart contract calls another contract while working through its tasks. For example when it wants to receive some data managed by another contract. Until now the inner contract which is called has priority. It is even possible that this contract changes the state of the outer contract. This makes the interaction of contracts complicated and sometimes insecure. For example, it was the cause of the infamous DAO hack.
With the introduction of a new opcode STATICCALL EIP 214 will prevent these problems. The new code allows a contract to call another contract without allowing it to change the state. This will make the construction of more complex smart contracts more secure.
EIP 211: Better return of arbitrary data in a contract
Another problem of contracts right now is the return of data. It is ok if the contract knows the size of the data. Arbitrary data however is a problem which makes things very complicated and expensive. With the introduction of the new opcodes RETURNDATASIZE und RETURNDATACOPY EIP 211 allows to flexibly return arbitrary data.
EIP 206: Cheaper revert of a state
EIP 206 also introduces a new op code. This one is called REVERT. It provides a method to stop the execution of a contract and to revert a state change. Without this code you need to do complex and expensive hacks to stop the execution of a contract. With the new code it is not just cheaper, but it is also possible to return a reason.
EIP 206 is the last change of our overview on the Byzantine hard fork. The changes seem to be very technical and hard to assess for a layman. It is about the detail.
While zk-SNARKs might be technically the most complex area, it is relatively easy to understand what you can do with it. Ethereum can achieve the same privacy as Zcash, and not just for transactions, but also for contracts and tokens. That's huge news. Further, it might be able that the state root is calculated faster after the fork, that light wallets can interact better with contracts, and the new op codes might allow to securely build more complex contracts on Ethereum.
A dirty hard fork, which results in a permanent split of the chains and the communities, is rather unlikely with Metropolis. Other than the DAO hard fork, which ended with the birth of Ethereum Classic, the community seems to fully consent to Metropolis. At least because this hard fork is not a reaction to make bad things unhappen, but it has been planned from the beginning. The ‘Ice Age,' which is still active, makes the hard fork inevitable anyway.
Over the past two decades or so, backpacks have become as synonymous with school as reading, writing and 'rithmetic. How else can students transport all the books and supplies they need for classes each day? Despite their practicality, backpacks have taken a bad rap through the years. A growing number of schools are even banning them! Is the practice justified or simply an overreaction?
Concealing Contraband
From water pistols to real pistols, backpacks have been used to carry paraphernalia other than schoolbooks and pencil cases. While certainly not the overwhelming number of cases, such instances have led to some administrators banning backpacks to dissuade students from sneaking illegal and dangerous items onto school grounds.
When Lake Placid Middle/High School in New York had a problem with a few students concealing alcohol, drugs and weapons in their backpacks, the school banned not only backpacks but handbags as well. Angry parents spoke out at a Lake Placid Board of Education meeting in early October 2011, feeling that all students were being made to suffer for the actions of a few.
Some schools address this problem by having security personnel check backpacks as students enter the building; others, such as those in Baltimore, require or allow students to wear clear backpacks. Still, the argument has been made that items can still be concealed in pockets or underclothing and later stashed in lockers.
Space Issues
Some schools say that backpacks are simply taking up too much room: too wide for narrow hallways, too cumbersome for small classrooms and too large to fit into lockers.
Nancy Jordheim, assistant superintendent of Fargo Public Schools in North Dakota, told WDAY News in August 2011: 'They become almost an additional danger zone because students do not necessarily appreciate the distance they stick out from their backs.' Principal John McSmith of Medical Lake High School in Washington told KREM.com last year, 'They look like parachutes walking around on their backs, it's huge.'
Scott Herrmann, principal of Gemini Middle School in Chicago (which banned backpacks about 15 years ago), told the Chicago Tribune in January 1998: 'We have 800 kids and narrow hallways, and a kid with a backpack just about doubles the space they take.'
And what about bringing them into classrooms and dropping them beside desks? Tripping hazards, some school officials say, considering that some backpacks are nearly the size of small luggage!
Backpacks Can = Bad Backs
For many years some schools have banned the use of backpacks due simply to health reasons.
Many physicians and medical associations agree that carrying heavy backpacks can lead to problems, including muscle strain and poor posture. The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons states that backpacks worn incorrectly or packed too heavily can cause injuries to the neck, back and shoulders. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission reports that nearly 28,000 backpack-related injuries were treated in 2010!
Principal Lynn Gottbrath of Wright Elementary School in Shelby County, Kentucky, even banned wheeled backpacks for the 2011-12 academic year because 'they're much heavier and cause a lot more stress to the student.' The American Chiropractic Association agrees that a large number of backpacks on wheels can lead to obstructed hallways and suggests that these types be used only by students who absolutely need to use them.
Basically, it would seem backpacks are a necessary evil despite compelling reasons for their banishment. Maybe they do strain backs and take up a lot of room. And there may be a few bad apples who use them inappropriately. But it still seems that when it comes to education, backpacking is the only way to travel.
A lightweight solo packraft that stows away at the size of a 1.5-liter bottle and weighs only 35 ounces. Engineered for easy paddling and maneuverability, the LWD (Litewater Dinghy) lets you sit up high and features an integrated seat cushion. The advanced design also allows you to recline and enjoy the calm water if you would like. Ripstop fabrics on the top and bottom resist tears and punctures, and the LWD comes with a pump-integrated stuffsack.
Durable Material : Hardwearing 210D polyester delivers exceptional puncture and abrasion resistance.
: Hardwearing 210D polyester delivers exceptional puncture and abrasion resistance. Multiple Tie off Zones : Six strategically places tie-off zones provide multiple options for lashing gear or securing the LWD on shore.
: Six strategically places tie-off zones provide multiple options for lashing gear or securing the LWD on shore. Protected while Packing : Pump converts to a compact storage bag to protect the LWD while traveling.
: Pump converts to a compact storage bag to protect the LWD while traveling. Ultra Lightweight : Pump converts to an ultra compact 4.5” x 9” storage bag for transport that takes up minimal pack volume.
Can an app stop you from getting pregnant? In conjunction with daily input from a basal body thermometer, it can indeed. Or so says European startup Natural Cycles, which also bills itself as a fertility tracking service, and is today announcing a $6 million Series A funding round, led by Bonnier Media Growth, the venture arm of the Swedish media business. Existing investors Sunstone and E-ventures also participated in the round. This follows a $1.5 million seed raised last year.
Female-led health-focused startups, such as the likes of Clue and Chiaro, have been grabbing attention and funding in recent years by pioneering smart services that cater specifically to women — sometimes also underlining how male-dominated tech giants are lagging behind the curve in this area.
Natural Cycles, which was founded back in June 2013, is led by a wife and husband physicist duo, Dr. Elina Berglund and Dr. Raoul Scherwitzl. It expanded out of its Nordics home base in October 2014, adding the U.K. to its market roster and now claiming more than 100,000 active users across 161 countries. It's a subscription-based service, with reported revenues of $2 million in 2015 — its first full year of trading.
The science behind the app is based on the fact that a women's body temperature rises after ovulation, so if you're able to accurately track body temperature, algorithmically correcting for fluctuations that might be caused by other factors, such as drinking alcohol, then in theory you're able to identify when ovulation is occurring — and thus correctly pinpoint a women's fertile window (coupled with factoring in sperm survival rates).
Although it should be noted that many factors can affect body temperature. And there are doubts about the effectiveness of using basal body temperature for natural family planning. On the outside endorsement front, Natural Cycles notes that Kristina Gemzell, a Swedish researcher in the field of contraception, sits on the company's advisory board and works with it on conducting clinical studies. Update: In an email to TechCrunch Gemzell confirmed she has been involved in an analysis of the database “showing a real life efficacy” that is in line with the pill but added there is currently “no study with a direct comparison available”.
Natural Cycles uses a simple red or green color-code system to inform app users whether there may be a risk of them getting pregnant on a given day if they have unprotected sex, or whether there is lower risk. Users do have to manually input their temperature data. A prior plan to develop a wireless thermometer to simplify that part of the system has so far been put on hold, co-founder Scherwitzl tells TechCrunch, in favor of funding research to quantify accuracy rates.
At this point the team has conducted one large-scale study, involving 4,000 women, to investigate failure rates for the app — which he says pegs the accuracy as about the same as using the contraceptive pill. Using the Pearl Index metric, which is based on typical usage — so accounting for human error — seven out of 100 women using the system would get pregnant versus nine out of 100 using the pill. While on a perfect use basis, where you take human error out of the equation, the study indicated Natural Cycles would have a failure rate of five out of 1,000 women versus three out of 1,000 women for the pill.
Conducting more research to underpin the product is part of the plan for the new funding — including what Scherwitzl dubs a “gold standard” study of usage versus using the contraceptive pill.
“One large study we want to do is… a randomized control study,” he says. “Right now we use women using our product in real life and see how many get pregnant. Now we want to make a randomized control study against the contraceptive pill. So 1,000 women will use our product for one year, 1,000 women will use the pill for a year and when they come to the clinic first they will not know what they will get for a year… It will be very interesting to see how women experience different birth controls.”
The team also intends to perform other clinical studies to investigate factors that can affect fertility.
“It's very interesting now that we have all this data on fertility. You can really understand what affects fertility. That has been studied in the literature but we have a really large data-set now, very high quality data — so that will be very interesting to just dig into it and see what we find,” adds Scherwitzl.
Simplifying natural contraception via an easy-to-use app plus digital subscription service in order to widen access to non-pharmaceutical contraception is the core business proposition — and one with a massive potential market size if enough women can be convinced of the method's reliability. And convinced enough to ditch the pill.
So far Natural Cycles has done especially well in its home market of Sweden, managing to capture four percent of the local contraception market within 18 months, according to Scherwitzl. But their ambition scales far beyond home turf — with the new funding to be funneled into expanding the team and backing a big push in the U.S. market.
“We're really planning to build a very large company. The vision is really to increase choice in contraception and accelerate time to pregnancy — a world where every pregnancy's wanted,” says Scherwitzl. “We want to provide the best possible product and services related to that.”
“One of the biggest problems in contraception is the lack of innovation,” he adds, discussing the competitive landscape.
“Pharmaceuticals have retracted their funding from that area, not completely but dramatically — so there are not many new things in the pipeline… so I think the more that work on it, the better it will be for society. And for women and men to have more to be able to choose from. It's something you want to decide what fits best for you and not just from a set of three, four, options.
“Pharmaceuticals is an interesting one because they are protecting their market. That's important to watch what they do — how they react to this new wave of apps, digital companies coming in to the market. That's new territory and also that's new territory for them.”
While there are very many digital apps/products focused on fertility, and specifically on serving couples that are trying to get pregnant, Natural Cycles' early positioning as a contraception app helped the startup stand out in a crowded space. But Scherwitzl notes that many of the women who have used it for contraception have also used it for getting pregnant. So it's now doing more to emphasize the fertility use case, too.
“We got a lot of natural influxes of women using it for getting pregnant and that's something now that we've started to develop further,” he says, claiming use of the app can help women get pregnant faster by telling them when their fertile window is.
“This is is a new study that we're working on that will come out soon,” he adds.
K-Dot's good kid, m.A.A.d city became the benchmark for hip-hop albums in an era dominated by downloads.
Why wouldn't the overly dedicated Kendrick Lamar be concerned with his position in the rap game?
With his guest verse on A$AP Rocky's "1 Train," K-Dot made it clear that playing second fiddle was of no interest to him. "If I'm not the hottest, than hell must've frozen over," he spit in a poignant and measured tone.
Well, someone tells Kendrick that the underworld is still intact because the Compton, California, native has just been crowned the Hottest MC in the Game by MTV's Hip-Hop Brain Trust.
"I think when it's all said and done, Kendrick Lamar is going to be an important voice of his generation," said MTV News Senior Hip Hop Writer Rob Markman.
K-Dot earned the #1 spot in a unanimous decision, while 2 Chainz landed in the #2 slot. While both MCs made indelible marks in the last year, it was Kendrick's artistry and commercial appeal that helped him earn the title. Lyrically, Lamar is an expert spitter who weaves complex rhyme patterns around soul-drenched beats, with as unique a style as rap has seen in years. And while verbal depth isn't usually a marker for rap success, the Compton rapper moved major units when he dropped his debut album, good kid, m.A.A.d city.
The elections for new commissioners had finally come to a close. I was named as a Rules Committee Commissioner, alongside Season 3-4 commissioner elfitzo and newcomer PT. TeeJay easily retained his spot as Director of Operations. The previous season had come to its conclusion on the first day of May, and it took until the last day of May to begin the process of preparing for the upcoming season. After being elected, PT naively asked “When is the season starting? Is one month from now too long?” Little did he know that it would be almost another two months before the first week of the season. It isn't until you have experienced being a commissioner that you truly know how long the process can be.
From the start, it was very difficult to organise times to talk. We had reduced the commissioner numbers for season 5 to make it easier for the rules committee to meet, but due to more important commitments from our members, we spoke as a full group less than when there were five commissioners. Thankfully, our use of Facebook Messenger meant we spoke regularly, but a messenger application is incomparable to actually speaking with our voices as a full group.
The first thing we actually accomplished was the release of our Expression of Interest form for our potential captains. When the responses come in, we assign each applicant a colour, which we usually refer to as lights (as in traffic lights). Applicants that we believe are good leaders, good players, and are highly available are given the green light. Applicants who are not up to standard are given the red light. This was the most frequently assigned colour. We assigned a red light to multiple players that we believed would be good captains due to availability issues during the season. Applicants that we are unsure of are given the amber light. This was given to a strong captain that would miss the draft, as well as a player that we believed had good leadership skills, but a lack of the mechanical skills required to play at the highest level. Five of our six captains from season 6 filled out this form. Three of them were given a green light, one of them was given an amber light, and another was not assigned any colour due to their application being almost two weeks after the previous application. There was one captain who did not fill in the form.
The next thing we released was a public opinion questionnaire. There had been some debate about some fairly large changes to the upcoming season, so we wanted to know where the players stood on some of these issues. We gathered responses from 33 players on topics such as pup delay, draft format, playoff format, trade requirements, and many more. The results of this questionnaire affected some of the final rules. Before the questionnaire, the rules committee was split 2-1 in favour of abolishing the auction draft for a full snake draft. However, due to overwhelming support for an auction draft, the entire rules committee backed the continuation of the auction draft in its current form.
The results of the final question on the questionnaire.
As Rules Committee, constructing the rulebook is probably our most important task. We discussed every rule from the previous season in detail, and the controversial ones even more so. In every season so far, without fail, new holes had been found in our predefined rules, which created difficult situations during the season where the commissioners would have to choose between the rules and what many would call common sense. In season 5, an oLTP player from three seasons prior had asked me about signing up as a free agent. This player had not played TagPro in any capacity for almost a year, perhaps longer, but was unable to sign up due to a technicality. The rule existed to prevent experienced players from signing up as free agents after the draft. In previous seasons, these players were allowed to sign up, but were restricted to oLTP. It threatened to create a culture of captains drafting players that they knew would not attend training and matches, and would therefore be eligible to be dropped, which would give the team a free agent slot. However, this player was not the type of player the rule was written for. It highlighted a flaw in our rules, which we almost always abide by, so as to avoid setting any precedents that we may regret. All players agree to the rules at the start of the season, and I have always thought that changing them halfway through the season could upset a few people, especially if it is a restrictive rule. For the upcoming season, we loosened up the restrictions on free agency eligibility, as well as allowing modification to the rules after the beginning of the season, provided that there is sufficient support from the commissioners and captains. I was originally against any modification at all, but requiring the support of the captains made me much more comfortable with the change.
Another major topic of discussion between the rules committee was the adjustment of our signup rules. Players had been putting low numbers for their availability, but were still playing in every game of the season. I think the fact that the game and training availability section of the signup form being combined in the past had made it difficult for captains to judge the true availability of players. For this upcoming season, the rules committee elected to tie the responses of the game availability section to the maximum amount of games they could play during the season. We hope this will alleviate any issues we have had with draft manipulation in the past.
In previous seasons, I had always made sure to have the rules fully published before allowing signups to commence, as a way of ensuring that all the players are aware of what they are signing up for, and to ensure that agreeing to the rules was a requirement of signing up. As the days passed, it became more apparent that this would not be possible. An extremely large percentage of our player base are in high school or university, which means exams in November. To ensure that players would be available throughout the whole season, we would need to have the draft in early-mid July, and to have the draft then, we would need to start taking in signups. We would need at least three weeks for enough signups to come in, due to waning numbers. We would need a few days between signups closing and the draft beginning so the draft spreadsheets could be prepared and properly tested. We were running out of time faster than any previous OLTP season. We weren't anywhere near finalising the rules, so we went ahead and opened signups without the rules complete. The signups were open from the 18th of June until the 8th of July. We chose to have the draft on the 10th of July to avoid the season running into exam time, as well as because it would line up with the meetup in Melbourne, which was amazing.
Signups had already been open for a week and we were yet to finalise our captains. We had three sure captains, down from four due to one of them withdrawing, apparently because the original expression of interest was just ‘bantz'. I mentioned banning him from TagPro for ‘bantz' but apparently that is mod abuse and I can't do that. Unhappy with the other applicants we had, we looked for alternate options. We asked around, seeing if anybody we thought was good enough was interested in the position. Eventually, we settled for the less than desirable Balwas, introduced a rule allowing non-playing captains so that thetruth34 could be justified as a suitable option, and then the other members of the rules committee managed to suggest dopesayo to captain. We finally had our six.
After about two and a half weeks of the signups being opened, we looked through the additional comments section to check if there were any comments that conflicted with the answers in the other sections. My favourite was effectively a signup from an experienced and highly successful player saying that they wished to be a free agent and didn't want to be drafted. This was basically an attempt to circumnavigate the rules mentioned earlier regarding experienced players as free agents. I laughed and deleted the signup.
One day before signups closed, the other commissioners raised their concerns with the low number of signups. OLTP had not had this few signups since season 1. I was unsure whether or not they were joking, but proposals to postpone the draft and even cancel the competition were brought up. Their concerns with the low numbers were justified, and our team size was reduced for this season to compensate. Earlier in the season, the other commissioners expressed interest in allowing all players who signed up to be drafted. When they realised that many of these players were pretty much just foreign players with more than 300 pings, they changed their minds. Postponing the draft would have been a viable option had there not been exams in November, but the idea of cancelling the competition was absurd from my point of view, even if there was a strong possibility of teams only being able to field three players in oLTP. We were elected to run a league to the best of our abilities, and that is what we will do. The people want a league, so cancelling it because it wasn't up to a couple of people's standards seemed selfish and somewhat elitist. I was pleased that the draft continued as usual.
Draft night was great. We had a few issues with the spreadsheet for the auction draft. I contribute these issues to the lack of time between signups closing and the draft beginning. We really were pressed for time, so working out those issues never really happened. The sheet was somewhat broken, but I think the auction draft still ran quite smoothly, apart from a delay at the start, in traditional OLTP fashion. The snake draft had one major issue. There was a player who had signed up, but appears to have been removed from the signup sheet at some stage. I'm not exactly sure how this happened. It caused a significant delay during the draft, which was already pressed for time due to one of the captains being required to leave by 9:30pm. I needed to check all previous copies of the signup sheet, and then insert the player's name into the draft packet before I could insert the name into the draft sheet, as data validation was preventing me from inputting the name manually, rather than from a predefined list.
Me running the draft from a child's bed in an airbnb.
Finally the teams were decided. But our job was not yet complete. The maps still needed to be decided. The rules that we wrote stated that the captains would vote on the maps. When all the captains had submitted their votes, it all lined up quite nicely. I did not expect that the top ten maps would all have at least five votes, and that the rest would have four or less. In the end, all maps which had the support of five out of six captains made it into OLTP rotation. I consulted with 03z to find out his opinion on how the top ten maps should be ordered, and the order he suggested was approved by the rest of the rules committee, with maybe a tweak or two. I then randomised the fixtures for the season, ignoring pleas from certain captains to play certain teams at certain times. Finally, my preseason was almost complete. I still need to make sure that the team logos end up on TagProLeague.com, but I've done my bit when it comes to supplying the necessary images. Shout out to SuperSans by the way, he has been a massive help in getting everything working on the website, which is an amazing tool. You should expect more traffic from the southern hemisphere in the coming weeks.
There was so much that I didn't write about, since writing about every single change to the rulebook would become extremely boring, but if there was interest in it then I could probably do something like that.
Season 6 of OLTP begins on July 24 at 8pm AEST.
The Department of Justice announced that former Iowa State Sen. Kent Sorenson pleaded guilty Wednesday to concealing payments he received from former Rep. Ron Paul's presidential campaign in exchange for his support.
In the plea deal, Mr. Sorenson admits that he switched his support from Rep. Michele Bachmann to Mr. Paul after meeting secretly with the campaign and negotiating payments that amounted to $73,000, according to DOJ officials.
DOJ officials said the payments were doled out in monthly installments of $8,000 and were concealed by “transmitting them to a film production company, then through a second company, and finally to Sorenson and his spouse.”
“An elected official admitted that he accepted under-the-table payments from a campaign committee to secure his support and services for a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,” Leslie R. Caldwell, assistant attorney general of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, said in a statement. “Campaign finance reports should be accurate and transparent, not tools for concealing campaign expenditures. Lying by public officials — whether intended to obstruct the FEC or federal investigators — violates the public trust and the law, and the Department of Justice does not tolerate it.”
Mr. Sorenson served as Mrs. Bachmann's Iowa chairman, but announced he was jumping ship in December 2011 to support Mr. Paul's presidential bid.
Mrs. Bachmann responded at the time that Mr. Sorenson had been bribed.
“Kent Sorenson personally told me he was offered a large sum of money to go to work for the Paul campaign,” she said, according to AFP. “Kent said to me yesterday that ‘Everyone sells out in Iowa, why shouldn't I?' Then he told me he would stay with our campaign.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Benjamin Garcia: Agreed switch to Penrith
Catalan Dragons forward Benjamin Garcia has joined team-mate Elliott Whitehead in signing for an NRL side for next season.
Garcia, 22, has impressed in his 12 Super League appearances to date and has agreed a deal to join Penrith Panthers.
Garcia, who spent time at the Brisbane Broncos as a youth, said: "To go back to Australia and play in the NRL has always been an ambition for me. I had the opportunity this year with Penrith and I wanted to grab it with both hands.
"I know I need to keep working hard to improve, I'm still young, but it's a great reward for all the efforts I have done while I have been with the Dragons. I would like to thank the club and the fans for all their support."
Panthers general manager of football Phil Gould said: "Benjamin's form has been outstanding for the Catalans Dragons and he attracted tremendous attention from a number of Super League clubs looking for his signature.
"He has a burning desire to make it in the NRL and we are extremely happy he has chosen Panthers as the place to pursue that opportunity. This kid can play."
It has been a meteoric rise for France international Garcia, who has played at centre and in the front row as well as his customary second-row spot already this term.
Catalans chief executive Christophe Jouffret said: "We have negotiated with Ben and his agent over the past three months and it's a big loss to us to see him leaving the club. We wish him all the best in his new challenge with Penrith in the NRL."
His fellow-second rower Whitehead is joining Canberra Raiders but the Dragons welcomed back club captain Remi Casty at the start of the year following a two-year spell with Sydney Roosters.
In a world increasingly shaped by software, developers are market makers. Nowhere is this more true than in the burgeoning Internet of Things market.
See also: The Internet Of Things Will Need Millions Of Developers By 2020
Currently riddled by a mess of competing proprietary standards, the winner in the Internet of Things will be the one that goes furthest to make developers' lives easier.
Sourcing Developers
Though VisionMobile estimates put the total Internet of Things developer population at 3.2 million today, only a fraction of those are dedicated to IoT. Even so, this dedicated core of developers will more than double by 2015, and increase more than tenfold by 2020, according to VisionMobile:
For those trying to reach them, there is no particular center of gravity:
This presents both opportunity and challenge to those hoping to harness developer productivity, as VisionMobile points out:
[Internet of Things] developers are everywhere—from Silicon Valley to Hanoi and Kuala Lumpur, from small towns to mega-cities. There is no single area that dominates [Internet of Things] innovation in terms of developer population. This is good news for entrepreneurs all over the world. You don't need to be in the right spot, because there isn't any.
That's the good news. The bad news is that with such a diffuse developer population, most of which is sequestered in startups of fewer than 50 people, reaching them becomes extremely difficult. In a recent survey, 50% of developers told VisionMobile their primary way of getting information is through online communities.
Which is just one more reason to believe the only way to reach Internet of Things developers effectively is through open source.
Opening Up The Internet Of Things
Developers have turned to open source and cloud computing to escape artificial constraints on their productivity, and the same will be true in the Internet of Things.
Big companies hoping to compete for Internet of Things dollars clearly understand this. Among the various technology standards competing for attention, various open source alternatives are on the rise, including one from the very promising AllSeen Alliance.
Bosch, a significant contender and a member of AllSeen, describes why open source is so important in its proposal for the Vorto project, which aims to standardize IoT information models:
Drilling into those assumptions, Bosch notes:
Consumers want to use a large variety of devices in their ecosystem and don‘t want to be limited to using devices of one specific vendor.
Vendors of IoT devices want to increase the number of ecosystems where their devices can be integrated.
Vendors of IoT platforms want to integrate as much as devices as possible into their ecosystem without major effort.
Application developers want to support a broad range of devices without a need to develop vendor specific code.
All of these reasons point to open source. And yet, as ARM's Bill Curtis has pointed out, “Because most Internet standards are too complex for the constrained devices in the [Internet of Things], these devices tend to run proprietary protocols, creating data silos.” Because of the proliferation of “standards,” proprietary and open source, device manufacturers are tightly coupling proprietary sensors into proprietary networks.
This can't last.
And The Winner Is …
It's way too soon to declare a winner in the Internet of Things. It's too new and there's far too much noise around competing standards.
Ironically, most of the noise today comes from competing open source standardization efforts, with a recent ruckus caused by Intel refusing to join AllSeen and Broadcom dropping out of the Open Interconnect Consortium. Both bailed the respective consortia because of IP issues.
But let's be clear: None of these companies lining up to join this or that foundation will prove dispositive in cementing any particular standard as the open source standard. Developers do that.
And developers are attracted by tools and platforms that make them more productive, fast. Getting a marquee list of donors to a foundation is meaningless if the foundation doesn't generate code that appeals to developers. (Just ask OpenStack, which continues to attract more vendors than buyers/developers, as Jack Clark highlights.)
Companies will win over Internet of Things not in the boardroom, but on the command line. The consortium that gets excellent code to market first, with a community that provides great documentation and an inviting atmosphere, will win. So far, only AllSeen has done that, with code available for download today. Whether it will retain that advantage is for developers to decide.
Lead images via woodleywonderworks
UPDATE 4:59 P.M. PST:TMZ is now reporting that the white substance confiscated at Justin Bieber‘s house this morning that led to his friend Lil Za‘s arrest could be Molly, a pure form of Ecstasy. Xanax was also reportedly taken from the home by the cops. The drugs are currently being tested.
Detectives from Lost Hills/Malibu Sheriff's Station held a press conference Tuesday at 11:30 a.m. to field questions surrounding the egging incident allegedly perpetrated by Justin Bieber at his neighbor's home last week.
This is what Celebuzz knows:
– Police issued a search warrant at Biebs' Calabasas home Tuesday around 8 a.m.
– According to a press release, cops were looking for video surveillance or other evidence in the vandalism that occurred at a neighbor's home on Jan. 9.
– The vandalism damage is estimated by the homeowner to be approximately $20,000.
– About 12 cops in eight cars showed up Tuesday morning at Bieber's mansion to conduct the search.
– Bieber was present, along with about 7 to 8 house guests, including his security team during the search.
– Everybody (including security) was cooperative.
– An adult male did get arrested on a narcotics violation for cocaine possession, however, police aren't releasing his name.
Photo: Splash
– TMZ has reported that Biebs' BFF Lil Za was the one taken into custody: “The cocaine I believe was in plain view when deputies were looking for other evidence,” police stated at the news conference.
Photo: Splash
– Bieber was not arrested, but has yet to be exonerated because the investigation is ongoing.
Photo: Splash
– Bieber was not connected with the cocaine, other than it was found at his home.
Biebs and Lil Za dance in onesies just before the pop star's tour bus was raided in Sweden back in April 2012. Photo: Splash
– The pop star was not questioned at his home other than the typical warrant search questions he responded to, like how many people were in the house and if doors were locked. Bieber did not answer any other questions at the scene by deputies. Police believe more formal questioning will be done through his attorney, who was not present at the time.
– Police insist Bieber's celebrity status isn't fueling the high-profile investigation: “None of this has anything to do with him being celebrity,” police said. “We determined this was a felony crime that had evidence.”
– The felony charge associated with the vandalism is due to the significant amount of monetary damage to the next door property: “It is a felony crime. I get that it was done with eggs which makes you feel that it was at a lower-level crime,” police said during the conference.
– The entire front of the neighbors house, including imported wood and brick, were damaged.
– Police did not release what exactly they were looking for, however, said, “It doesn't take much stretch of the imagination that security video helps us in a lot of things during this time,” according to cops. “They [deputies] may have just viewed surveillance footage, but there's no confirmation if any video was taken from the house. We were looking for other things that would put the 19-year-old or anyone else at the scene of the alleged crime,” police added.
– Despite eggs being at the center of the incident, the latest in a string of Bieber run-ins with the law, police say they are taking this very seriously: “I certainly hope it doesn't continue…,” said police. “We hope understanding the gravity of this will change the behavior. We hope that we can the neighborhood the quality of life they deserve and hopefully this will do it.”
Dems on bailout: Include homeowners
Democrats are drafting a joint House-Senate bill to expedite action on the Treasury Department's $700 billion rescue plan for the financial markets but want the government to use its new leverage to slow foreclosures and cap compensation for the Wall Street chiefs whose companies are being bailed out.
There will be provisions as well in either the core bill or side deals asking the White House to accept new economic stimulus spending and bankruptcy court relief for homeowners, a legal issue long opposed by bankers yet now championed by leading Senate Democrats as well as Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.).
Story Continued Below
But House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank (D-Mass.) said he was prepared to move quickly next week in tandem with Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd (D-Conn.). And Frank said he has assured Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke that he will publicly support them if they decide that they must take further ad hoc steps before the final package is completed.
“I called Ben and said, 'Just because I'm giving you a new gun, doesn't mean I don't want you to use the one in your holster,'” Frank told Politico.
This assurance reflects the immense sensitivity of the political and market situation, given the turmoil of the past week. While not predicting the need for more ad hoc interventions, a Treasury official said “the markets may not wait for Congress to act.” And Paulson, who appears to have encouraged Frank to call Bernanke, is pushing hard for lawmakers to move quickly.
In this spirit, the Treasury draft bill is short and to the point: authorizing purchases of up to $700 billion in mortgage-related assets at any given time and giving the department sweeping authority for at least two years to carry out the enterprise.
Frank will clearly add more to the dozen sections penned by Paulson's legislative office and delivered to Capitol Hill early Saturday morning. How far he and fellow Democrats can go and not drive off Republican conservatives will be a critical question in the week ahead.
“The Administration has requested that Congress authorizes, in very short order, sweeping and unprecedented powers for the Treasury Secretary to confront a financial crisis of historic proportions,” Pelosi said in a statement late Saturday. ““Democrats will work with the Administration to ensure that our response to events in the financial markets is swift, but we must insulate Main Street from Wall Street and keep people in their homes by reducing mortgage foreclosures
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D., Nev.) followed Pelosi last evening, saying that the “American people have every right to be outraged that we are at this point.
But Reid cautioned “We cannot allow ourselves to be in denial about the threat now facing the world economy. From all indications, that threat is real, and the consequences of inaction could be catastrophic." Reid promised to work with Treasury but asked in turn that the White House and Republicans “work with us to address the crisis facing the middle class. Democrats believe we must provide real relief to working families before we adjourn."
Frank said there is a strong sense that the government should use its leverage to prod investors to be more willing to write down mortgages rather than pursue foreclosures. The massive housing bill approved by Congress this summer held out the promise that the Federal Housing Administration could help a homeowner find government-insured refinancing and such write-downs. But the relief will never be realized unless the financing industry is more willing to come forward and negotiate reductions.
Frank, who has been in phone discussions with Paulson, said the secretary appeared receptive to adding some foreclosure-relief language. The second Democratic proposal — to impose compensation limits on Wall Street executives — is meeting more resistance.
“Hank says it's a poison pill,” Frank said. “I say I don't think it's very patriotic for someone to not give up his golden parachute when we're trying to save the markets.”
As now drafted, the bill increases the U.S. debt ceiling to $11.3 trillion to help accommodate the financing arrangement, but further modifications may be needed to ensure that this extra borrowing authority is dedicated to the rescue plan and not eaten up by other spending.
This article tagged under: Congress
Songs about skateboarding are rarely relaxed. Songs like “Skate And Destroy,” “Possessed To Skate,” and “Skate Or Die” make the act of rolling around on four wheels not a leisure activity, but an all-consuming ethos. With “Fifteen On A Skateboard,” Diners focuses on the light-hearted joy of bombing a hill. The A.V. Club is premiering the song below, which is taken from Three, Diners upcoming album on Asian Man Records due out September 16. On the track Tyler Broderick is found jangling his way through the type of breezy pop song that could be found on a Mac DeMarco record—or, for the old schoolers, something akin to Harry Nilson. ”Fifteen On A Skateboard” paints a vivid picture of youth, where teenagers chase simple pleasures, like the wind in their hair or a two-stair set that's just begging to be ollied.
Pre-orders for Three are available now through Asian Man Records.
Apple (AAPL) reshaped the smartphone industry in a number of ways following the launch of the original iPhone in 2007, not the least of which came a year later when Apple unveiled the App Store. By making mobile software easy to find in a centralized on-device portal, all users would be able to expand the functionality of their phones without having to dig through poorly built Web portals and then send purchased apps to their phones. As on-device software portals began rolling out on other platforms, however, people began criticizing Apple's tight control over its iOS App Store.
In order to ensure apps on its mobile devices met certain standards and were free of malicious code, Apple insisted on testing and approving each and every application before allowing it to reach users. Apple also limited developers in a number of ways, allowing access to some core functions of iOS and barring access to other functionality.
Apple's strict approach to app distribution was bound to polarize users. Some stand opposed to Apple's strict policies, going as far as to call devices like the iPhone “beautiful crystal prisons.” Meanwhile, others “thank God” for Apple's stern policies.
In a recent New York Times article titled “Apple and the Desire for Control,” the topic was broached once again. According to Times reporter David Streitfeld, Apple's policies regarding the iOS App Store and the power resulting from the set up “might be detrimental for the Internet as a whole” at some point.
Streitfeld writes that all the big Internet companies are using “walled garden” models of some sort, including Apple, Amazon (AMZN) and even Google (GOOG), a company often praised for its use of open standards. Some Internet policy experts believe we're headed down a dangerous path that will ultimately stifle innovation and hinder tech-sector job growth. But Apple isn't likely to change its practices any time soon.
“The more Apple can control, the more it will control,” Dan Aronson, CEO of startup Fandor, told the Times. “It's nice to be king.” Aronson notes that his company does not have access to the email addresses of users who sign up for Fandor's subscription service through its iOS app because Apple claims ownership of that data.
Apple has repeatedly insisted that its strict policies are necessary to ensure a high quality experience for its users, and not all developers are complaining — Apple announced last month that it has paid out more than $6.5 billion to developers since launching the App Store.
A Goodyear father reportedly sacrificed his family dog because he was upset over his daughter's shirt.
Goodyear police say that 42-year-old Patrick Zane Thompson was upset over a T-shirt his daughter had on Saturday, believing it "had to do with the devil."
He made her bring the shirt to the barbeque smoker where he burned the shirt. He also said that, "he needed to sacrifice a male, either himself, his son (6 years old) or the family dog."
Police say the family grabbed the dog, a poodle, and tried to flee, but Thompson reportedly grabbed the daughter. The family pleaded with him until he released the girl and promised not to harm the dog, but instead he strangled and killed the dog.
When police arrived, they found Thompson lying on the sidewalk with a self-inflicted cut to his arm. He reportedly made "erratic comments that he had to 'do it for the God' and, the 'devil made him do it' and he put the dog in the smoker." They found the partially burnt small, white dog in the smoker.
Thompson reportedly told investigators that he smoked marijuana earlier that day and had an "episode".
He said he had a vision, "that something bad was going to happen to his family and the 'the lord' was going to kill him." He said from his readings of the Bible that a male sacrifice had to be made.
He later went out front, prayed and 'surrendered to God' while waiting for police.
Thompson is a facing multiple animal cruelty charges, along with assault and threatening charges.
Infographic: Hollywood's long war on technology
You know, when I was sitting down with entertainment execs on a regular basis to debate applied, practical technology choices in DRM standards bodies, their constant refrain was, "We love technology! We use it all the time!" The implication being that if they instigated a law prohibiting a technology it would not represent ignorance or fear, but well-informed solemn judgement. I'd often cite Jack Valenti's infamous words to Congress: "The VCR is to the American film industry as the Boston Strangler is to a woman home alone," and they'd scoff. "Why do you always bring that up? It's ancient history!" And I'd say, "Oh, do you repudiate Jack Valenti, then? Because the last time I checked, you guys renamed your headquarters (I shit you not) the Jack Valenti Building." And they'd say, "Ha, ha, very funny. But seriously, is one wrong-headed statement from Jack all you've got?" And then I'd go into the long list of all the crap they'd fought as an industry, from the remote control to cable TV, from diversified cinema ownership to yeah, the VCR, and they'd mumble something about how EFF stood for "Everything For Free," and I just didn't understand the arts. Which always made me laugh because generally speaking I was the only working creative artist in the discussion, and I'd often be going to meetings in between working on novels. Clearly, to understand the arts you need to be an entertainment industry lawyer working for a giant multinational conglomerate, not a working artist.
Anyway, if I was still in those stuffy, hateful rooms where they plotted to ban technologies, I'd print out a stack of this Matador Network infographics, which are a handy guide to the pig-ignorant campaigns that Hollywood has waged against new technologies since the industry's founders ripped off Thomas Edison's patents and fled to California.
Infographic: Why the movie industry is so wrong about SOPA
It is not Occupy the Precinct; it is Occupy Wall Street. The protest is not about the police. It is about democracy. So says Nathan, 22, of New Jersey, who works security at Occupy Wall Street's media tent. “Our message is about inequality and corruption, not about demonizing working men and women.”
“'Congress shall make no law … abridging .,. the right of the people peaceably to assemble … ,'” should be the end of the conversation, says Nathan.
“We have a First Amendment right to protect against this type of violence, and when we demand that it be respected, we are being deeply patriotic.” It struck a number of observers as a blatant violation of this principle when police in Oakland conducted a forceful raid on Occupy Oakland, an encampment set up in Oscar Grant Park, so renamed for a previous victim of police brutality.
According to AlterNet Senior Editor Joshua Holland, “What they're saying essentially is that it's illegal to protest overnight in the city of Oakland. Now, the courts have said that when you make restrictions on people's expressive activities, political activities, that has to be as narrowly tailored as possible to serve some legitimate government function.”
When the occupiers marched to protest their eviction, they were met with extreme violence, including round after round of tear gas and entire shotguns worth of coated bullets. The Daily Show and others have pointed out the absurdity inherent in responding to an alleged public safety threat with toxins and projectiles.
“The city was concerned about a public safety threat,” remarked host Jon Stewart. “So they did this. Seems a little heavy handed, unless … was one of the protesters Godzilla? That would justify an attack.”
Among those caught in the police riot were children and at least one wheelchair-bound woman. Scott Olsen, 24, an Iraq War veteran, remains on a respirator in critical condition in an Oakland hospital after police shot him in the face.
Perhaps it is the excitement of footage that resembles urban warfare which tempts so many reporters into pursuing the “protesters vs. police officers” narrative. However, the primary effect of highlighting it is to distract from the focus of the protest, says a 22-year-old protester from Boston calling herself “Mom”: “Not only does it detract from our anti-fraudulence message; every time we have to answer questions about it, it takes away from what we came here to do, which is protest against greedy, scheming corporations.”
Ostensibly, the United States is governed as a democracy. Americans' basic freedoms are reasonably well protected, as the free speech on display at this news source attests, and we have regular elections contested by candidates from different parties. But part of the focus of the Occupy movement is to throw a rock at that façade and reveal it to be a Potemkin democracy, behind which lurks a very different kind of political system in which the wealthy buy the candidates, extort them for power, write their legislation and block laws that don't suit their cash-grabbing mission – this is what plutocracy looks like. Struggling for the expansion of democracy is what connects Occupy Wall Street and its fellow encampments around the country to Tahrir Square and the Spanish acampanadas. (Egyptian revolutionaries and indignados see this connection, too.)
Soldiers like Olsen were sent abroad on a mission that was sold as an expansion to democracy: America would democratize Afghanistan and Iraq. Ten years after the invasion of Afghanistan, the country's capital is controlled by a US-backed corrupt crime syndicate and the rest of the country is subject to the whims of local warlords violently jockeying for supremacy. Iraq, from which we are soon to, reluctantly, extricate our troop force, is in every danger of descending into all-out civil war; its capital is in complete political gridlock. No meaningful democracy having emerged in these places, the primary upshot has been windfall profits, which America's taxpayers have lavished upon the mercenary armies and energy corporations acting on our behalf.
Olsen, when he escapes his unconscious state, will have to contend with the cognitive dissonance this country has presented him: fight a traumatic mission abroad in the name of a democracy that is not forthcoming, then return home, where police claim the right to exert extreme violence to prevent you from claiming your First Amendment rights, which are our primary guarantor of democracy. And, to top it all off, the same wealthy interests who profit from war (and therefore push for it) additionally profit from inequality (and therefore push for it) and commit massive amounts of fraud – with not so much as a summons to greet them, much fewer bullets and tear gas.
The ownership class obliterated the American economy and then insisted that the only way to revive it was by pushing austerity budgets that target not just social programs aimed at assisting the most vulnerable Americans, but also the jobs and pensions of public workers, including police. The police, however they treat the 99 percent, are part of the 99 percent, and an increasing number of them have begun to acknowledge that the Wall Street occupiers are struggling for them: The Albany Times Union reported that, “state troopers and Albany police held off making arrests of dozens of protesters near the Capitol over the weekend even as Albany's mayor, under pressure from Gov. Andrew Cuomo's administration, had urged his police chief to enforce a city curfew.”
The people in Liberty Plaza Park struggle because they have been denied the democracy promised to them, to Olsen, to children and to the police. Occupy Wall Street is not about the police. It is about democracy.
“House of Cards” returns, and in terms of classy actors in a high-stakes setting, it's solidly entertaining. Still, the series that set Netflix on the path to programming prestige also feels played out, as if it should have retired without seeking a third term. Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright remain splendid as the central couple, but with their quest for power having succeeded, series architect Beau Willimon seems forced to resort to unconvincing contortions to maintain the drama. Even then, the first half of Season 3 feels flimsy, having essentially morphed into an inordinately ruthless version of “The West Wing.”
Those caught up on the first two seasons will know by now that Spacey's Frank Underwood wheedled and schemed his way from Congress to the vice presidency to the Oval Office, knocking down a surprisingly ineffective assortment of barriers to his ascent. Indeed, a lingering criticism of the show is that in a town driven by deception, spin and the quest for power, Frank has lacked a genuinely worthy adversary, with his opponents appearing consistently mismatched in the elaborate chess game he's been playing.
It's a misgiving that's exacerbated by placing both of Underwood's hands so firmly on the levers of power. Being President, after all, comes with a lot of firepower, even if he faces a hostile Congress and the lingering threat of exposure for past transgressions.
The season opens promisingly enough, with the new prez grudgingly engaging in a ceremonial moment that, he sneers, “makes me seem more human.” From there, “Cards” begins rolling along various tracks, with diverse crises arising, and a number of not-created-equal subplots that shouldn't be spoiled — one involving the first lady (Wright), who desires to be more than just a photo-op figurehead.
To his credit, Willimon remains a shrewd observer of modern politics in many respects, and it's no accident that “House of Cards” frequently mirrors reality, and vice versa — from strained relations with Russia's authoritarian leader to Underwood seeking to champion a jobs program basically lifted out of the movie “Dave” that's similar to President Obama's desire to use federal spending on infrastructure to bolster the economy.
At the same time, Underwood's plans to circumvent Congress are a bit too transparent early on, and the first lady's plot is well played but politically hard to swallow, its homage to the Clintons notwithstanding. Nor do Underwood's occasional pangs of conscience feel in completely keeping with the character's win-at-all-costs nature.
“House of Cards” is still a valuable franchise for Netflix, in ways both subtle and obvious. The political setting, for example, ensures a regular string of cameos by media figures, from MSNBC and CNN anchors to Stephen Colbert, creating what amounts to a multiplier effect in terms of coverage and credibility.
The flaws, however, have always kept the show from being fully deserving of all the praise and attention showered upon it, and while it remains considerably fun to watch (or binge), its shortcomings look somewhat magnified in this third season. Yes, this handsome political drama effectively established Netflix as a home for premium-quality programs, and it's simultaneously one of this nascent medium's best programs, but it's also a franchise whose legacy might be tarnished in part by not quitting while it was ahead.
Then again, in that respect at least “House of Cards” is merely guilty, in TV terms, of being a little too human.
President Obama is not ruling out issuing more executive actions to curb certain types of gun sales, his top spokesman said Monday, even though he's not aware of any additional steps the president can take under his current authority.
“The president has taken substantial executive actions using as much executive authority as he can,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said. “I'm not going to rule out additional steps … he's not going to hesitate to act.”
After the bloody jihadist attack in an Orlando Sunday, Obama's first comments were not to condemn Islamic terrorism but to put the blame on the availability of guns in America.
The president told the nation Sunday's attack was a “further reminder of how easy it is for people to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school, or a house of worship, or a movie theater, or in a nightclub, and we have to decide if that's the kind of country we want to be.”
Hillary Clinton, who is Obama's choice for his successor, hammered the same theme in media interviews.
“We did have an assault-weapons ban for 10 years,” Clinton told CNN's Chris Cuomo. “I think it should be reinstated.”
“Let's keep weapons of war off our streets like the one that was used in Orlando,” she added, talking to NBC's “Today.”
“We know the gunman used a weapon of war to shoot down at least 50 innocent Americans and, you know, we won't even be able to get the Congress to prevent terrorists or people on the no-fly list from buying guns.”
Omar Seddique Mateen, the 29-year-old jihadist who slaughtered 50 people in Orlando, wasn't on a no-fly list. To the contrary, he had clearance as a security guard for a company contracted to the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Army and all levels of law enforcement.
Trump blasts Hillary on guns
Donald Trump, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, hit back hard in his televised response to the Orlando attack Monday when he said of Hillary, “She wants to take away America's guns, and then let in the people who want to kill us.”
“They'll put political correctness above our safety, above all of us. I refuse to be politically correct,” Trump said. “The days of deadly ignorance will end when I become president, and they will end soon.”
He criticized Clinton's call for a 5,000 percent increase in the number of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S.
Trump cited government figures that the U.S. allows in more than 100,000 immigrants every year from Muslim-dominated countries in the Middle East and many more from Muslim countries outside the Middle East. He said he would release the immigration status of the more than dozens of Islamic terrorist suspects arrested on U.S. soil since September 2001, saying Americans had a right to know this information.
“This could be a bigger, better, more horrible version than the legendary Trojan Horse ever was,” he said.
Rather than focus on restricting gun purchases, Trump said, “America must unite the whole world in the fight against Islamic terrorism.”
Pope sides with Obama
Pope Francis also jumped on the anti-gun bandwagon and railed against guns in relation to the Orlando attack.
The pontiff on Monday lashed out at the “brazen” freedom with which weapons circulate in the world when compared with numerous obstacles to distributing aid, NBC News reported.
His remarks at a U.N. World Food Program event came one day after the bloodbath in Orlando that many progressives are billing as a “mass shooting” rather than a terrorist attack by an ISIS-inspired Muslim.
That set the tone for a media blitz of similar rhetoric, including an article by the left-leaning Salon magazine titled, “Nobody needs and AR-15: The Orlando massacre teaches us (again) that we must ban semi-automatic human killing machines.”
‘Their priorities are upside down'
Alan Gottlieb, executive vice president and founder of the Second Amendment Foundation, said Americans should be appalled that both President Obama and Hillary Clinton chose to attack the Second Amendment rights of legitimate gun owners instead of radical Islamist terrorists.
“Their priorities are upside-down,” he said. “If we lose our Second Amendment rights, the radical Islamist terrorists win.”
Oathkeepers, the pro-U.S. Constitution group of current and retired police and military, issued a statement on its website Monday about the Orlando attack:
The horrific death and injury toll resulting from the Orlando ISIS attack demands that Americans have an adult discussion about gun control. The Government cannot protect us from an individual that is willing to die to kill you and your family. This fact has been proven over and over again; in Chattanooga, at Ft. Hood, in San Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon and even at the Washington Navy Yard. How many more citizens have to die before we turn the conversation away from failed gun control policies, NSA spying and various “watch lists” to making Americans capable of protecting themselves and their loved ones?
Assault-weapon ban didn't help against French attack
Gottlieb said banning “assault” rifles and handguns didn't protect France from the bloody jihad attack of November 2015, when 130 innocent civilians were mowed down by jihadists, most of them with AK-47s. Such weapons are strictly illegal in France.
“The European gun control model did not stop the Paris terrorists from getting guns to commit their atrocity,” Gottlieb said. “When you trade the means to protect your personal security for the promise of government protection, you end up with neither.”
Mateen, who called 9-1-1 to pledge allegiance to ISIS during Sunday's attack, was possibly planning to carry out the massacre at the Orlando gay club for a long time. He attempted to buy military-grade body armor from a local store in recent weeks, according to a U.S. official. Personnel at the store refused to sell him what is known as Level III body armor, which offers more protection than the body armor police typically issue to officers. Mateen had also legally purchased a Glock pistol and a long gun, Trevor Velino of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, told CNN.
Jerry Henry, executive director of GeorgiaCarry.org, said the gun prohibitionists have shown they will use any political means to push their agenda, even exploiting an Islamic terror attack, something that would have been unheard of just a decade or two ago.
“Once again, the gun prohibitionists want to blame the weapon and all law-abiding citizens for the act of one Islamic terrorist, even to the point of mislabeling the firearm as an ‘assault weapon' or weapon of war,” Henry said.
Henry said an assault weapon is not defined by the federal ATF and, in reality, it is anything that can be used to assault another person.
“We also know that no country these days would send a soldier off to war with an AR-15 as they would be totally under-armed for their mission.”
Henry said Bill Clinton's “assault weapons” ban for 10 years “did absolutely nothing during the whole time it was in place. Another such ban would wind up with the same outcome.”
Hillary Clinton stated in 2008, “I disagree with Sen. Obama's assertion that people in our country cling to guns and (Bibles).” She also stated, “You know, some people now continue to teach their children and their grandchildren. It's part of culture. It's part of a way of life. People enjoy hunting and shooting because it's an important part of who they are. Not because they are bitter.”
It did not take long for her to change her mind.
“Hillary now seems to have great difficulty in determining our ‘rights' and her elite privileges,” Henry said. “If she thinks I should be disarmed, then she should eschew her armed guards paid for with my tax dollars and fend for herself as she believes I should. If she and all the gun prohibitionists truly believe we should do away with guns, then she should set the example for all to follow.
“As always, the goal of the gun prohibitionists is clearly to disarm the law-abiding citizen. I expect the gun prohibitionists to continue to try to push forward with more unnecessary, unneeded and unworkable laws that will only effect the law-abiding citizen.”
By pushing so hard against half of the country, tech companies may have shown an Achilles heel, allowing freedom-centric competitors to get their feet in the door.
The Big Tech giants of Silicon Valley have overreached in pushing far-left positions, sending a message to conservatives: you're not welcome. It became patently obvious yet again last week when executives from Google parent company Alphabet essentially said conservative viewpoints are illegitimate.
Alarms first sounded for conservatives when Mozilla, creators of the Firefox browser, fired their CEO over his financial support of California's Proposition 8—a referendum against recognizing gay marriage that a majority of Californian voters passed.
Silicon Valley went full tilt in 2016, when several Big Tech CEOs and board members called a closed-door meeting to strategize on how to keep Donald Trump from reaching the White House. Silicon Valley's leadership went further in March of this year, when several prominent industry members, including the co-founders of Facebook and Twitter, signed an anti-Trump open letter that has circulated around the Internet.
Even Our Apps and Browsers Are Politicized
Beyond the political activities of the Big Tech elite, conservative users have dealt with increasing frustration of the politicizing of the products they use. Most browsers and apps track and mine users' personal information, creating a crisis for those who are privacy-minded. The invasiveness of these giant corporations is borderline criminal, and with the increasing frequency and intensity of cyberattacks, millions of customers have found their information isn't safe. Standard reference sites like Wikipedia have also seen a slow decline in their objectivity on information, with any hot-button issue edited with a hard-left slant.
Those nuisances may have been tolerable if not for the Left's overreach in social media. These sites have created moderation policies with double-standards toward conservatives, while those on the Left get a free pass to say anything they want, even libelous accusations or calls to violence. Twitter has been the most notorious for banning anyone with what they consider wrong ideas, most famously with columnist and provocateur Milo Yiannopolis, but also in their bans of prominent Trump supporters Ricky Vaughn and Pizza Party Ben.
Facebook joined Twitter in censorship by putting forth initiatives to combat what they called fake news, and began implementing a fake news detector funded by the notorious left-wing election meddler George Soros. Reddit recently banned two of its moderators on its pro-Trump sub-forum, “/The_Donald” and closed down the board for a time.
The Left's Big Tech corporations have had near-monopolies in their respective services for a long time, with competitors unable to gain traction simply because of the overwhelming amount of users who had already settled into these services. But by pushing so hard against the values of half of the country, these companies may have shown an Achilles heel, allowing for a number of freedom-centric competitors to get their feet in the door.
How To Browse the Internet and Maintain Privacy
Founded by former Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich, Brave is the first browser created with the user in mind instead of what data can be mined from its customers. Like most modern browsers, it blocks ads, but it also stops trackers from getting data from what you browse. It's made to streamline websites so they load faster, and even keeps a running tally of all of the ads and trackers that it's removed.
Brave also offers Brave Payments, in which a user can allocate donations to favorite websites. This solves the problem of the ad revenue sites lose because of ad blockers, while giving more agency to the end user over viewing experience. While the Brave Payments system requires a web publisher to sign up with Brave, it is a good concept for how the web could work without ads. Moreover, with Brave's CEO's past, one can safely bet they treat their employees better than their competitors do in allowing them to express their politics outside of work. Find Brave here.
While on Brave, privacy-minded users may wish to browse the web without censorship or tracking from another source. Google has been the primary search engine for most of the world for more than a decade, but they are also known for manipulating their data and using information gleaned from searches to track and advertise to users. The search engine DuckDuckGo doesn't pre-sort data with a personalized filter bubble—Google's spin term for its data mining. Instead, every user will get the same results on a topic, generated from 400 individual sources and displayed by the most-trafficked results.
The searches take some getting used to, but after a few times of adjusting to be more specific, DuckDuckGo provides unbiased information, without storing your user profile in their database.
Where Can Users Get Unbiased Reference Information?
Infogalactic launched as an alternative to Wikipedia during the height of the toxic political climate of 2016. Wikipedia moderators at the time began deleting information that could paint conservatives positively, and replaced those articles with information from editorials with notorious left-wing biases. Vox Day, founder of Infogalactic, said these problems stemmed back to Wikipedia's beginning.
When asked what he thought triggered the company's censorship, Vox said, “anything ideologically or politically controversial. The 538 thought police, or ‘active admins' as they are called, are hard core SJWs deeply committed to policing the Wikipedia content. For example, three of them squat on the page about me and will respond within minutes to remove anything they deem excessively positive.”
I found similar results across the Wikipedia pages of prominent right-wing voices. So what does Infogalactic do differently? “We are designing a very different system that allows the user, rather than the admin, to determine which version of the page he sees,” Vox said. “Our perspective filters will render the power of the admin entirely irrelevant with regards to content; we are utilizing a horizontal model rather than a vertical one. So, there is no reason whatsoever to engage in edit wars. It's not applicable.”
The perspective filter is where Infogalactic shines as an innovative concept, allowing a user to determine what content he or she would like to see. The user can choose the liberal view on a topic, a conservative one, or even a variety of other factors. This gives users more agency about the information they receive. Infogalactic will have three different filters each with ten different sub-settings to allow robust user customization.
This provides much more freedom regarding the information that can be posted on a topic, and for readers, who can choose how to see the world, including how their opposition views their topics of interest. The end result, Vox says, “is more neutral, more objective, and more accurate.” All of Wikipedia's current database has been uploaded to Infogalactic, and its hardworking volunteers have added what Vox approximates to be 1 percent of new content to its information databases.
The Brave browser has a built-in setting to allow users to switch default searches to Infogalactic, and will automatically search Infogalactic if a user types :i into the URL bar with his search. Other browsers have extensions that automatically switch Wikipedia searches to the Infogalactic page.
Where Can Users Find Free And Open Social Media?
The mantra of Gab.ai since its opening day has been #SpeakFreely. CEO Andrew Torba saw the many controversial bannings of vocal Trump supporters across Twitter, how left-leaning pundits could get away with saying far worse than their right-wing counterparts, and finally said enough is enough. Torba wanted to experience social media without censoring from the other networks, and the only way he saw to do that was to create his own platform.
Gab.ai was formed in 2016 with few features. It had an upvote system to posts, similar to Reddit, and hashtags that trend, similar to Twitter, but with a simple interface. The people on the site come across as friendlier, and more excited to follow and interact with new users than I've seen on Twitter or Facebook.
Torba wanted to experience social media without censoring from the other networks, and the only way he saw to do that was to create his own platform.
The site's population has a right-wing slant, which the company embraces in their marketing. That said, they're open to free speech of all kinds. In a recent post, Torba personally thanked a self-professed Trump-hater for coming onto the site and participating in the discussions.
Over time, Gab's added a lot of new features. It recently added the ability to post pictures, and the voting system now has up or down votes that track separately so one can see both positive and negative reactions to comments. There are no bannings or blockings for sensitive content, but users can mute words and other people. The only bans so far have been sparse, and enacted for real threats of violence. It's a true free-speech atmosphere.
Utsav Sanduja, Gab's spokesman, said “Facebook, Twitter and Reddit are taking the path of censorship—Gab does not. This alone sets us apart from Big Social. The aforementioned platforms also rely on advertising revenues for their core business model, a concept that is proving to be futile in an environment of ad blockers on both mobile and desktop web.”
By contrast, Gab's business model relies on donations from users and subscription to the Pro service, which allows users to place those they follow into different customizable lists, and to start chat rooms on topics they desire. “Expect to see more updates to Gab chats, more features for Gab Pro members, greater involvement for users on Gab TV,” Utsav said. Gab TV is their answer to Periscope, which allows users to broadcast live video, and is still in beta testing.
Overall, Gab provides a wonderful social network experience with more than 170,000 current users who have written more than eight million posts so far. In recent weeks, Gab opened the platform to the public, coming out of their invite-only beta testing stage. An app is available on Android, and they hope to be on the Apple IOS soon.
As Theresa May scrambled frantically to present her Ireland ‘deal‘ as anything less than the utter capitulation it was, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn gave a landmark, statesmanlike speech in Geneva on the great challenges facing us.
What few may know – because the ‘MSM' have been largely silent on it – is that Corbyn was also in Geneva to receive the international MacBride Peace Prize in recognition of his decades of commitment and service to peace.
The award is presented jointly by the International Peace Bureau (IPB) and the World Democratic Forum. The reasons for the award are described on the event's website:
Jeremy Corbyn is awarded – for his sustained and powerful political work for disarmament and peace. As an active member, vice-chair and now vice-president of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament in the UK he has for many years worked to further the political message of nuclear disarmament. As the past chair of the Stop the War Campaign in the UK he has worked for peace and alternatives to war. He has ceaselessly stood by the principles, which he has held for so long, to ensure true security and well-being for all – for his constituents, for the citizens of the UK and for the people of the world.
Congratulations Jeremy Corbyn. The Labour leader has frequently been on the right side of history in his political stands, in spite of constant Establishment criticism, and has received a little of the recognition due.
Let's hope it's not long before similar recognition at the ballot box sweeps him and his transformed Labour Party into Downing Street.
The SKWAWKBOX needs your support. This blog is provided free of charge but depends on the generosity of its readers to be viable. If you can afford to, please click here to arrange a one-off or modest monthly donation via PayPal. Thanks for your solidarity so this blog can keep bringing you information the Establishment would prefer you not to know about.
Like this: Like Loading...
The humble pizza crust: once just a convenient handle for holding a slice, is fast becoming a full-blown calorie-fest all on its own.
While we've been preaching about the ten foods you should avoid in order to maintain a healthy lifestyle, Pizza Hut has released a new hybrid pizza that takes fast food to a whole new level.
Enter the cheeseburger pizza.
At roughly 3000 calories per pizza, it features ten mini burgers topped with mozzarella embedded around the crust. It is then covered with all the toppings in the world and served with a fat-filled dipping sauce.
First the hot dog stuffed crust pizza, and now this extraordinary, yet repulsive concoction.
Unfortunately (or not) the cheeseburger pizza is only currently available in the Middle East and UK, but it's rumoured to be hitting US shores soon, so who knows when it will head here.
In addition to the beef-topped pizza ringed by cheeseburgers, Pizza Hut Middle East also offers an option surrounded by chicken fillet balls and topped with, you guessed it, even more chicken.
So let's just break it down for a minute. At 3000 calories, one cheeseburger pizza is equivalent to eating 10 McDonald's cheeseburgers on their own, and no - that is not a challenge.
However, for 3000 calories you could also have about 30 bananas, over 44 weetbix or nearly 91 strawberries.
Make the right choice people.
(Associated Press)
Donna Brazile, the former interim head of the Democratic National Committee, said on Sunday that she had found “no evidence” of rigging of the 2016 Democratic presidential contests in Hillary Clinton's favor, though excerpts from her new book have been seized upon by Clinton critics to make that case.
Brazile, who temporarily headed the party late in the election cycle, caused a stir with previews of her forthcoming book, "Hacks," in which she strongly criticizes Clinton and her staff over a joint fundraising agreement with the party committee. She said it gave the Clinton forces too much say over the party apparatus and unfairly hampered Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in his bid for the Democratic nomination.
In an interview aired Sunday on ABC's “This Week,” Brazile appeared to soften that slightly, telling interviewer George Stephanopoulos that “I found no evidence, none whatsoever” that the state primaries were rigged to benefit Clinton.
MUMBAI: Retail shops across the state will soon be able to operate 365 days of the year, from 5am to 11pm. The state cabinet on Tuesday gave in-principle approval to the draft retail policy that was put in the public domain in August last year.Sources said policy deta ils are yet to be worked out.The state government is likely to announce these in the next few days at a press conference, said an official.Government officials said the policy would result in more jobs, as stores will be open seven days and a weekly off for every employee is mandatory . Besides, the long hours would require employees to work in shifts.Moreover, according to the draft policy, women employees will be permitted to work up to 10pm. The policy also allows housewives and students to be employed on a part-time basis.
Trump And U.S. Congress Working To Undo Obama's Climate Agenda
President Trump and the GOP-controlled Congress are working to undo President Obama's actions on climate change, underlining what could be a major shift on a policy that affects the world.
While it's been just three weeks since Trump's inauguration, the president has already issued memos to approve the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, which were both blocked by Obama partly due to concerns about how they would contribute to climate change.
Trump has also sought to limit regulations with another executive order, while the House has passed four measures under the Congressional Review Act to unwind Obama-era rules on energy. Two of those measures have also passed the Senate.
Energy has emerged as an area in which Trump and congressional Republicans are unified, and their actions have signaled to energy companies and climate change activists alike that Trump and congressional Republicans are serious about implementing a wholesale change in how the United States deals with big policy questions related to global warming.
“I think we're off to a great start,” said Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.), a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee who consistently complained that Obama tried to stymie development of coal, oil and natural gas due to climate change concerns.
“The shift is moving toward a commonsense energy policy,” Daines said. “President Obama's energy policies did not make sense. President Trump is putting forward a commonsense, all-of-the-above plan which will encourage more made-in-America energy.”
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii), an outspoken climate activist, said Trump and his allies have been “every bit as bad as people had feared.”
“You can't make this stuff up. It sounds like it's out of a bad movie about politics,” he said.
He noted that two of the measures passed by Congress eliminate requirements that energy companies disclose the payments they make to foreign governments for energy production and repeal a rule meant to protect streams from coal mining waste.
Obama made fighting climate change a second-term priority. He relied largely on unilateral executive actions, such as his Clean Power Plan rules limiting carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.
Obama also signed orders imposing limits on methane emissions from oil and natural gas drilling. He helped negotiate the Paris climate agreement, in which nearly 200 nations agreed to limit their greenhouse gas emissions, and blocked federal permits that the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines needed.
During his campaign, Trump, who has said that climate change is a hoax, promised to reverse many of these policies.
He has tapped pro-fossil fuel officials to lead key agencies, including former Exxon Mobil Corp. CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of State, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt for Environmental Protection Agency administrator, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) for Energy secretary and Rep. Ryan Zinke (R-Mont.) for Interior secretary.
On Capitol Hill, House Republicans are working to overhaul how the EPA uses science as part of an effort to roll back what they see as unjustifiable regulations.
Photo
Gender equality hits the high seas as Crystal Cruises will add women to the until-now all male host pool, dancers hired to cha-cha, waltz and jitterbug with solo or partnerless cruisers on three coming trans-Atlantic itineraries.
Beginning with a Lisbon-to-Miami “Ballroom at Sea” cruise departing Oct. 5 aboard the 922-passenger Crystal Symphony, two female dancers will join eight male dancers during evening dance sets, live orchestra performances and dance classes. The ballroom itineraries will be repeated twice in 2015, with departures June 12 and Dec. 11.
The line routinely carries four hosts per cruise who cater to the 5 to 20 percent of passengers traveling solo on Crystal. Company officials say typically more women than men seek dance partners, but when they tested hostesses on a recent cruise, enthusiasm increased.
“Similar to tennis players who play better when they play with a pro, dance enthusiasts are inspired by partnering with experts who really know the steps and the more advanced nuances,” Bret Bullock, vice president of entertainment for Crystal, said in a press release.
Fares start at $2,595 per person.
I just ordered my first top from your line of clothing and I just love it!! The color is vibrant, the fabric is soft and the fit is accurate to size. I'm new at this nursing thing and have had my ups and downs getting the hang of it. So thank you for taking some stress off me so I can feel good about myself in fashion and practicality. ~ Deb
I've never written one of these before but I have to say that I am beyond in love with your clothes!!! I have two dresses that were so comfortable and so easy to nurse in - I've worn them to weddings as well as in more casual environments and I've gotten so many compliments! I recommend this company to everyone I know who is pregnant or nursing. Thank you for creating stylish yet comfortable and easy to care for clothing for nursing moms! ~ Rachel
I wanted to mention how happy I was with the quality of the clothing I received, the overall service including speed of delivery. I had a number of Milk items I purchased from Amazon when I was nursing my older son which I loved and this time around figured I'd check out the site and I'm so happy I did. The selection of clothing is great (lots of items good for casual wear and work) and I love the Milk money incentive. I'll be sure to recommend Milk to all the nursing moms I know! ~ Denise
In this new world, Apple no longer has to compete on specs and features, nor does it want to. There is no Mac vs. PC here -- only "the future" versus "the past." It won't be a debate about displays, memory, wireless options -- it will be a debate about the quality of the experience. Apple is not just eschewing the spec conversation in favor of a different conversation -- it's rendering those former conversations useless. It would be like trying to compare a race car to a deeply satisfying book. In a post-PC world, the experience of the product is central and significant above all else. It's not the RAM or CPU speed, screen resolution or number of ports which dictate whether a product is valuable; it becomes purely about the experience of using the device. What that means is that while Motorola and Verizon will spend millions of dollars advertising the Xoom's 4G upgrade options, CPU speed, and high-resolution cameras, Apple need only delight consumers and tell them that specs and and speed are the domain of a dinosaur called the PC. Apple isn't claiming victory in the Space Race -- it's ceding space to the competition.
But guess who gets Earth all to itself? Apple's not saying that it beats other tablets on the market. It's saying "we do one thing, and these guys do something else altogether." They're not competition -- they're not even playing the same game!
That's not to say Apple has given up on PCs, and in fact, the company's laptop sales are consistently exceeding expectations. But take a look at what's creeping around the corner. There's Lion, with its iOS-like interface, its simplified experience. If Apple has its way, and if the sales of its mobile devices carry on in the manner they have up until now, a post-PC outlook will even fit devices that look alarmingly like... PCs.
But right now -- in the tablet space at least -- the problem for Motorola, Samsung, HP, RIM, and anyone else who is challenging Apple becomes infinitely more difficult. Almost any company could put together a more powerful or spec-heavy tablet, but all the horsepower in the world can't help you if you don't find a way to delight the average consumer. Those other tablet makers may have superior hardware (and in the case of the Xoom, some superior software as well), but without that key component of sheer delight, the road for them is long and hard. HP is getting close by touting features like Touch-to-Share, but against experiences like the new GarageBand for iOS and the 65,000 apps (and counting) that currently exist, it's hard to see a clear path to sizable competition. That goes for Google and RIM as well.
What Apple has done by introducing its "post-PC" language into the vernacular is almost more a game of semantics. Now when Motorola boasts the brain-crushing, bone-splitting power of the Xoom, the company could easily come off like the guy who buys the red Ferrari because he has something to prove.
Apple isn't just challenging perceptions of the PC -- they're saying that the age of the PC is over (at least for most people ). The company is forcing consumers to ask if they even still want or need something called a PC (while of course making sure to point out that the competition is playing the same old game). And really, that's all part of the plan. Apple is in the process of making the iPad the de-facto standard for what the next stage of computing looks like, from the look and feel to the kind of software and experiences you have on the device. Apple doesn't just want to own the market -- it wants to own the idea of the market. We've seen this act before, and we know how it ends.There was a time before the iPod too, when companies like HP, Samsung, and even Microsoft fought against Apple for the hearts and minds of the consumer -- but I'll be damned if anyone can remember it.
Editor's note: Sound off on how the oil spill is being handled on iReport.
Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama used his first Oval Office address to the nation Tuesday to say 90 percent of the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico will be captured within weeks, and to call for a new clean energy policy to end U.S. dependence on fossil fuels.
The 18-minute speech, televised nationally, described what happened in the April 20 explosion and fire on a Gulf of Mexico oil rig that led to what Obama called "the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced." He compared the millions of gallons of oil leaking into the ocean to an epidemic "we will be fighting for months and even years."
Obama meets Wednesday with the chairman of oil giant BP, which owns the broken well at the bottom of the Gulf, and the president made clear he expects BP to pay all clean-up costs and damages from the massive leak.
He said he will tell BP Chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg to "set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company's recklessness."
"This fund will not be controlled by BP," Obama said. "In order to ensure that all legitimate claims are paid out in a fair and timely manner, the account must and will be administered by an independent, third party."
In response to Obama's speech, a BP spokesperson said the company shared the president's goals of "shutting off the well as quickly as possible, cleaning up the oil and mitigating the impact on the people and environment of the Gulf Coast," and looked forward to Wednesday's meeting "for a constructive discussion about how best to achieve these mutual goals."
Earlier, senior administration officials told reporters that negotiations on the BP fund were continuing, with one major unresolved issue being whether workers who lose their jobs due to the government's six-month moratorium on offshore drilling will be eligible to file damage claims.
Republican critics have complained the moratorium is eliminating badly needed jobs as the nation recovers from economic recession, but Obama said the government must ensure the safety of such deep-water operations before allowing them to continue.
Obama said he knows the moratorium "creates difficulty for the people who work on these rigs."
"But for the sake of their safety, and for the sake of the entire region, we need to know the facts before we allow deep-water drilling to continue," he said.
Obama also called the Gulf oil disaster "the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now." The United States must end its dependence on fossil fuels, he said, calling for Congress to rise above partisan politics to take on the challenge of passing energy reform legislation that will lead the way to development of a clean energy economy.
In an attempt to counter complaints of a sluggish government response to the oil disaster, Obama noted cited resources have poured into the region including nearly 30,000 people working in four states to contain and clean up the oil, along with "thousands of ships and other vessels." He said he had authorized deployment of more than 17,000 National Guard members along the coast to be used as needed by state governors.
Republican responses, some distributed to reporters before the speech began, criticized Obama for using the oil disaster to push his energy reform policies, which GOP critics say will increase energy prices and eliminate jobs.
"Every day seems to bring more bad news about the size and scope of this crisis, and reversing that trend should be the president's priority," said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky.
"The White House may view this oil spill as an opportunity to push its agenda in Washington, but Americans are more concerned about what it plans to do to solve the crisis at hand," McConnell said.
He complained the energy reform legislation supported by Obama also is endorsed by BP and will "raise energy prices for every American family and business" but "won't end our dependence on foreign oil or protect the coastline and marshes of the Gulf coast."
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, said the administration's focus should be on stopping the leak, not pushing Obama's policies.
"I am concerned the administration is attempting to capitalize on public outrage over the spill in order to push through a cap-and-trade bill that will significantly raise energy prices for all Americans and add more burdens on businesses," Hutchison said in a statement. "Right now, the president's number one priority needs to be keeping the jobs in the energy sector from going overseas and restoring the Gulf of Mexico."
Environmentalists supported Obama's call for Congress to pass energy reform legislation, with former Vice President Al Gore, now chairman of the Alliance for Climate Protection, saying that "in the midst of the greatest environmental disaster in our country's history, there is no excuse to do otherwise."
Ultimately, Gore said in statement, "the only way to prevent this type of tragedy from happening again is to fundamentally change how we power our economy."
Earlier Tuesday, Obama named Michael Bromwich to direct the federal government's efforts to regulate offshore oil drilling. Bromwich, who was a Justice Department inspector general in the Clinton administration, will oversee the reorganized agencies that formerly comprised the Minerals Management Service in the Department of Interior.
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told ABC News on Tuesday morning that Obama's goal is to "restore the Gulf, not just the way it was the day the rig exploded, but years ago."
Presidents have tackled a variety of topics in Oval Office speeches -- from the Challenger disaster in 1986 to the attacks of September 11, 2001. Energy was last a topic in 1979, when Jimmy Carter spoke about America's inability to overcome the energy crisis.
While Obama has dealt with major issues including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and a major economic downturn since taking office in January 2009, he had never spoken to the public from the Oval Office until now.
CNN's Dana Bash, Anderson Cooper, Suzanne Malveaux, Ed Henry, Ed Hornick and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
Each winter, hundreds of climbers flock to Rusty Leymaster's farm just outside Cedar Falls, Iowa, to try their hand at Silo Ice Climbing. It started in 2001 when Don Briggs, a University of Northern Iowa professor, hooked up hoses to convert an old farm silo normally used to hold bulk grains. Water dripped and froze in immense curtains, and soon Briggs had his very own ice climbing mecca in the middle of the Great Plains. It's now open weekends all winter. A day pass is $35. Check out the bizarre scene below, where climbers wield axes to kick and swing on manmade ice eight stories high in the Iowan sky. —Amy Oberbroeckling
By Amy Oberbroeckling, an Iowa native, joined GearJunkie out of college and brought a passion for endurance sports as well as a flawless record in arm wrestling matches against famous rock climbers. Find her biking, trail running, cross-country skiing, camping, or tipping back a cold IPA.
With those details and explanations in tow, let's look at an early round of direct GPU comparison. For VR testing, the most relevant story surrounds the GeForce GTX 1060 and the Radeon RX 480 graphics cards. When AMD launched the RX 480 (8GB variant) it was pitched as the lowest priced card to offer a solid VR experience. The GeForce GTX 1060 (6GB variant in these tests) is slightly more expensive ($220 vs $240) but falls in the same competitive category.
A couple of notes before we get into the comparisons. For the Oculus Rift based testing (Chronos, Dirt Rally, Edge of Nowhere, Obduction) all settings were left at default. The HTC Vive testing through SteamVR had a slight modification. As of this writing, AMD GPUs do not support asynchronous reprojection in SteamVR while NVIDIA's do support it. Asynchronous reprojection will allow SteamVR to handle missed frames and late frames much more efficiently. In order to maintain the most accurate comparisons of performance, asynchronous reprojection was disabled on both platforms. (Interleaved reprojection is supported on both platforms and remained enabled.)
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
Chronos on the Oculus Rift running at the High preset runs noticeably faster on the GTX 1060 than the RX 480. Our interval plots show near perfection when it comes to 90 FPS consistency but the Radeon card finds itself in the 45 FPS ASW state a few times as the frametimes spike above the 11ms mark. The GTX 1060 provided an unconstrained FPS of 112 FPS, 49% higher than the 75 FPS provided by the Radeon RX 480.
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
Even though Dirt Rally continue to make me uncomfortable while playing it, it was a highly-requested game we included it here in our initial batch of results. Again, the GTX 1060 has the clear edge, able to maintain the 90 FPS mark for smooth and consistent VR gaming, while the RX 480 at the same High quality preset was in the 45 FPS / ASW state the clear majority of our testing time. In one of those odd results, the unconstrained FPS is slightly lower than the delivered FPS on the GTX 1060, but higher on the RX 480. The net result comparing unconstrained results though shows the GTX 1060 being 31% faster than the Radeon card.
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
The Edge of Nowhere is an interesting VR title but doesn't offer any quality settings at all (or at least isn't exposing them), giving us one testing environment. Both the GTX 1060 and the RX 480 perform very similarly with the slight edge going to the GeForce card. Both deliver a solid 90 FPS to the headset but the unconstrained FPS of the GTX 1060 is 4-5% faster.
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
Our Obduction testing is a bit more variable, with the RX 480 operating at lower frametimes in some locations but the GTX 1060 running faster in others. Both video cards run a significant portion of their time at 45 FPS with ASW in action when running at the High preset. The unconstrained FPS is higher on the GTX 1060, 73 FPS vs 61 FPS, but because both average frame times are well over the 11ms mark, the experiences they provide the gamer are similar.
Click to Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
Our final Oculus Rift test is probably the most popular current game on the platform. Robo Recall takes the engine and design language of Epic Train demo that circulated since the early days of modern VR and turns it into arguably the best shooter we have seen utilizing room scale technology. With the High preset, both the GTX 1060 and RX 480 have a decent run at it, but the RX 480 does have a few windows where "real" frames drops to 45 FPS and Oculus is forced to enable asynchronous space warp. Not so on the GeForce GTX 1060 that holds steady. Based on the unconstrained FPS numbers, the GTX 1060 has an 18% edge in performance.
Introduction
MWC is an information overload galore. Now that we've covered the main announcements and we have them out the gate, we spent some extra time with one of the stars of the show - the Xperia XZ Premium.
Our initial reaction was that this phone would rise or fall based on two things - its screen and its camera. We were super excited by seeing the first phone with Snapdragon 835, but we weren't allowed to test that so that performance will be out of the focus of this article.
The 4K HDR mobile screen is the first of its kind. To be clear, this is not the first 4K screen (that honor goes to the Xperia Z5 Premium). It is not the first HDR screen either (that was, briefly, the Note7). It's the combination of the two that is novel. HDR content, however, is still hard to come by unless you use the subscription-based video streaming services by Netflix or Amazon. Even then, you have to keep an eye on the supported standards because as things stand right now, there are two competing HDR video standards - HDR 10 and Dolby Vision - and the XZ Premium only supports the former.
The Motion Eye camera with 960fps slo-mo video is another first of its kind. There's nothing on a phone that comes close to it (most top out at 240fps), and its other tricks are similarly unique - namely photos free of rolling shutter and predictive capture.
Unfortunately the final answers will have to wait for a final unit. Any tests we run on this pre-production unit may not hold for the release hardware (and software!). So we'll leave the tests for later. For now we'll focus on our first impressions instead.
Sony Xperia XZ Premium at a glance
Body: Glass Loop Surface (Gorilla Glass 5), IP68 waterproofing
Glass Loop Surface (Gorilla Glass 5), IP68 waterproofing Screen: 5.5" Triluminos display, 4K resolution (2,160 x 3,840px), HDR
5.5" Triluminos display, 4K resolution (2,160 x 3,840px), HDR Chipset: Snapdragon 835 running Android 7.1 Nougat
Snapdragon 835 running Android 7.1 Nougat Camera: 19MP Motion Eye camera (1/2.3" Exmor RS, f/2.0); SteadyShot, Anti-distortion shutter, predictive capture
19MP Motion Eye camera (1/2.3" Exmor RS, f/2.0); SteadyShot, Anti-distortion shutter, predictive capture Video: 4K video recording, 720p @ 960fps slo-mo
4K video recording, 720p @ 960fps slo-mo Selfie: 13MP (1/3.06" Exmor RS, f/2.0)
13MP (1/3.06" Exmor RS, f/2.0) Memory: 4GB RAM, 64GB on-board storage, microSD slot
4GB RAM, 64GB on-board storage, microSD slot Connectivity: 1Gbps LTE, USB-C
1Gbps LTE, USB-C Battery: 3,230mAh, QuickCharge 3.0, Qnovo adaptive charging
3,230mAh, QuickCharge 3.0, Qnovo adaptive charging Fingerprint reader: Market dependent
Market dependent Audio: Stereo speakers, High-resolution audio
If you are curious, here's how the Sony Xperia XZ Premium looks next to the Z5 Premium. The Z5 edition promised a lot of novelty as well (like the first 4K mobile screen), but it failed to make ripples in the pond that we're calling the mobile industry. It didn't even get a successor for quite a while but that changes today.
Sony Xperia Z5 Premium (left)  Sony Xperia XZ Premium (right)
Join us on the next page as we take a closer look at the Xperia XZ Premium.
A man suspected of committing as many as 2 dozen car and house break-ins was arrested for burglary in a Boston suburb on Tuesday after being identified from a home surveillance camera and implicating himself via Facebook.
25-year-old Joseph N. Ecker of Wellesley, Mass., was arrested by local police Tuesday on burglary and breaking/entering charges after a resident received email from his Dropcam surveillance camera system notifying him that the system had picked up activity in his kitchen overnight. It's believed that the suspect, who police recognized in the footage, had swiped the resident's key from an unlocked car and then entered the house to steal items, including a bluetooth speaker, while the family slept.
Wellesley Police Burglary suspect Ecker undone in part by Facebook posting
A detective investigating the break-in took a look at the suspected burglar's Facebook page and found him wearing the same maroon-and-gray pullover shirt seen in the video, according to Wellesley police, who shared this video (also shown below).
In addition, the suspect wasn't shy about his "finds" -- including a Prada handbag -- on social media.
Fox 25 Boston reported: "According to court records, police also noted Ecker had posted about the break-in at [another] home, saying 'Who wants a new purse, super expensive. Hit me on the low low.'"
Ecker is by no means alone among crime suspects in foiling himself via social media (For example, see "9 suspected criminals who got themselves caught via social media").
“Paul Di Lucca has turned to Indiegogo to help fund the purchase of a McDonald's franchise that he one day hopes to open inside a house of worship. Christened the McMass Project, the proposition will cost around $1 million by Di Lucca's estimates. But what the 28-year-old visionary lacks in capital, he is already making up for in marketing know-how.
The fledgling campaign has a catchy slogan, “It's time to pray different,” a slick promotional video and a hashtag for social media, #Feast4Jesus. Di Lucca's also cooked up a clothing line of branded baseball hats and t-shirts featuring the McMass logo, a crucifix dangling above golden arches reimagined as flying buttresses in a cathedral.”
Read more here: http://www.vocativ.com/culture/society/mcmass-project/
Steve Oh (http://www.twitter.com/stevenoh88) Jimmy Dore (http://www.twitter.com/jimmy_dore) and Lissette Padilla (http://www.twitter.com/lizzette) of The Young Turks discuss. Tell us what you think in the comment section below.
*****
Support TYT for FREE by doing your Amazon shopping through this link (bookmark it!) http://www.amazon.com/?tag=theyoungturks-20
President-elect Donald Trump's announcement of "alt-right" news executive Stephen Bannon as White House chief strategist has prompted plenty of backlash.
It's not just liberals who don't like the former chairman of Breitbart News — even conservative commentator Glenn Beck called Bannon a "nightmare" and a "terrifying man."
We took a look at some of the things Bannon, who is celebrated by the white nationalist movement, has said over the years. Plenty of them are offensive, so consider this a warning.
On why liberals hate conservative women like Anne Coulter and Michele Bachmann
" [T]hese women cut to the heart of the progressive narrative. That's why there are some unintended consequences of the women's liberation movement. That, in fact, the women that would lead this country would be pro-family, they would have husbands, they would love their children. They wouldn't be a bunch of dykes that came from the Seven Sisters schools up in New England." — 2011 radio interview with Political Vindication Radio
On sending his girls to an elite academy in Los Angeles
He "didn't want the girls going to school with Jews ... He said he doesn't like Jews and that he doesn't like the way they raise their kids to be ‘whiney brats.'" — The Guardian, from his wife in court documents filed in 2007. Bannon has denied saying it.
On what keeps him going
"Fear is a good thing. Fear is going to lead you to take action." — Richmond-Times Dispatch
Stephen Bannon, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign chairman, attends Trump's Hispanic advisory roundtable meeting in New York, Saturday, Aug. 20, 2016. Image: AP Photo/Gerald Herbert
On furthering Tea Party goals
"I'm a Leninist ... Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that's my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today's establishment." — The Daily Beast
On the Shirley Sherrod video and firing
"...that scalp still has bloody flesh on it!!!!" — email exchange after the 2010 incident. The email surfaced in a libel suit brought by Sherrod against Breitbart News.
This Steve Bannon email turned up in a libel suit. "The scalp still has bloody flesh on it." Worth reading. pic.twitter.com/E6UBCFIUun — Joe Goldstein (@JoeKGoldstein) November 15, 2016
On Breitbart News
"We're the platform for the alt-right." —Mother Jones
"We call ourselves 'the Fight Club.' You don't come to us for warm and fuzzy." — The Washington Post
“We think of ourselves as virulently anti-establishment, particularly ‘anti-' the permanent political class. We say Paul Ryan was grown in a petri dish at the Heritage Foundation." — The Washington Post
"We hire people who are freaks" and "They don't have social lives."— The Washington Post
Paul Ryan said he had “no concerns” about Stephen Bannon potentially becoming Chief of Staff. Bannon ran a website with these headlines. pic.twitter.com/LpNug7MAof — Joon Lee (@iamjoonlee) November 13, 2016
On the Occupy Movement
"After making the Occupy movie, when you finish watching the film, you want to take a hot shower ... You want to go home and shower because you've just spent an hour and fifteen minutes with the greasiest, dirtiest people you will ever see." — The Atlantic
On his favorite group of Republicans, the GOP
"What we need to do is bitch-slap the Republican Party." — The Atlantic
"Leadership are all c*nts" and "We should just go buck wild." — The Daily Beast, from an email exchange.
On charges of anti-Semitism from former Breitbart editor-at-large Ben Shapiro
"Are there anti-Semitic people involved in the alt-right? Absolutely. Are there racist people involved in the alt-right? Absolutely. But I don't believe that the movement overall is anti-Semitic." — Mother Jones. Shapiro quit Breitbart News after Trump's then campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, allegedly assaulted Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields. He accused Bannon of turning Breitbart "into Trump's personal Pravda."
Image: Breitbart
For even more ridiculousness, be sure to read some Breitbart headlines, such as "Bill Kristol: Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew" and the charmer above. For the very brave, jump into the comment threads.
aka RC5 – last RC – promised!
The update from ASP.NET Core 1.0 (aka LTS – long term support) to ASP.NET Core 1.1 (aka Current) didn't go so well (at least IMHO).
There were a couple of breaking changes both on the APIs and in behaviour. Especially around challenge/response based authentication middleware and EF Core.
Long story short – it was not possible for us to make IdentityServer support both versions. That's why we decided to move to 1.1, which includes a bunch of bug fixes, and will also most probably be the version that ships with the new Visual Studio.
To be more specific – we build against ASP.NET Core 1.1 and the 1.0.0-preview2-003131 SDK.
Here's a guide that describes how to update your host to 1.1. Our docs and samples have been updated.
Picture a baseball player who's had a bad week. He has a career .375 on-base percentage, but over the past five games he's gone 2-for-20 with no walks and seven strikeouts (for a .100 on-base percentage). If I asked you to explain the problem, you'd most likely just shrug your shoulders and tell me that the guy was having a rough week and that things were bound to get better. After all, what's 20 plate appearances in a 162-game season?
But what if I told you that the player is a left-handed batter? And then I added in that he's faced five left-handed pitchers over this stretch? The presence of new information changes the equation: Historically, left-handed hitters do worse against left-handed pitchers. Expecting our imaginary slugger to maintain a .375 on-base percentage during this week would be overly optimistic. We shouldn't expect him to perform as poorly, either, but the schedule should've raised questions for the manager: Do I have another player who might be worse overall but better situationally? Knowing that a key player might struggle this week, is it a good time to give him a rest — even if he's generally still the best option?
The field of public soccer analytics has a left-handed-pitcher problem. Since it consists of so many events, baseball is fertile ground for analytics. A whopping 143 players in Major League Baseball had more than 500 plate appearances this season. Meanwhile, in the Premier League last season, only seven players took 100 shots, and only two had more than 50 shots on target. To get around that problem, most of the advances in soccer analytics have come from working with aggregates. Whether it's some of the more basic concepts (like total shots ratio or comparative shots on target) or slightly more opaque metrics (like expected goals), the process comes from looking at the totals across leagues and then drawing conclusions.
Looking at lots of shots by lots of teams across lots of leagues provides a good idea of how things tend to work. The best teams consistently get more shots on target than their opponents. How many of those shots end up in the back of the net can vary wildly from game to game, but by the end of the season, the teams that win the shots-on-target battles tend to win the points battles as well. Using expected goals gets us to the same place, with the added wrinkles of how likely it is for various types of shots to be scored. To put it simply: A player rounding the keeper gets a higher-percentage chance of turning his shot into a goal than a player attempting a contested header from the same exact location. Expected goals help show which teams can augment their shots-on-target edge by taking higher-percentage shots and conceding lower-percentage ones. Come season's end, most teams will end up close to where their averages suggest they should be.
The approach works, but it's frustrating. Aggregates don't offer helpful information about why teams are diverging from where analysts expect them to be — only that they'll likely come back to normal. That left-handed batter who went 2-for-20 was experiencing two separate kinds of bad luck. First, he was performing worse than expected against left-handed pitching, and that just happens sometimes. Second, he got unlucky because he faced five lefties in a row, and while that won't keep happening, it's a situation that can be addressed beforehand. However, soccer's analytical models don't differentiate between those two kinds of luck. If a baseball manager couldn't tell the difference, he'd soon lose his job.
♦♦♦
Soccer analytics is having some sort of moment. In February 2014, soccer-data company Opta held its first OptaPro Analytics Forum, a kind of Sloan Sports Analytics Conference designed to bring together people doing analytics work with the clubs who might be interested in that work. The panel that read the papers submitted for the first conference included Chris Anderson, coauthor of The Numbers Game; Blake Wooster, cofounder and CEO of 21st Club; and Sam Green and Devin Pleuler, Opta's advanced data analysts.
Among next year's crop of judges, some of the names are the same, but the titles sure have changed: Dr. Ian Graham, head of research, Liverpool FC; Sam Green, data scientist, Aston Villa FC; Devin Pleuler, analytics manager, Toronto FC; Ted Knutson, head of player analytics, Smartodds (Brentford FC and FC Midtjylland); and Johannes Harkins, advanced analyst, Opta. Gone are the times when work that was being done in the public sphere was being ignored by clubs at large. Now, Arsene Wenger talks about expected goals in press conferences.
Of course, with increased influence comes increased derision. When Liverpool replaced Brendan Rodgers, their alleged reliance on numbers was supposedly to blame. The same was true when Championship side Brentford, a team that has very publicly invested in an analytics-heavy approach, fired their manager only months after bringing him in this summer. Mainstream derision toward analytics obviously isn't anything new to sports. But like it once did with baseball and basketball, the increase in anti-analytics sentiment drives home just how ingrained data has become in the soccer world. Once, the conversation centered on whether analytics would ever achieve a foothold inside the game; now, we've got the familiar hand-wringing over the fact that it already has.
While the divide between analytics and “proper football men” is destined to fade into meaninglessness, the divide with more immediate and legitimate ramifications is between clubs and the public. There's what's being done publicly for the education and entertainment of those who consume the game, and then there's what's being done behind the curtain, as teams scrape for every edge they can. As Ted Knutson, perhaps the most prominent analyst to make the switch from public work to club employment, said, “On StatsBomb, I was interested in increasing the overall knowledge of the game. As someone who works inside a football club, it would be in our interest if no one else increased the knowledge of how football works any further.”
It's not only about how the information is treated, either. It's also about what the end goal of that information is. Dan Altman, through his statistical consulting company, North Yard Analytics, has done work for public consumption, in addition to working behind the curtain with a number of teams.
“I think the public is most interested in what's happening now and what's going to happen next,” Altman said. “By contrast, clubs also want to know a lot about how and why things happened in the past, so they can learn and do better in the future. It's the difference between the performer and the audience. But clubs need forecasts of the future, too. A classic situation would be to ask, ‘Where are we heading?' If we don't like the answer, what can we do to change it?”
♦♦♦
“What can we do to change it?”
That's the question that public soccer analytics, with its aggregated approach, struggles to answer. We've progressively improved at figuring out what levels we can expect teams to return to, but no better at separating out how teams get there. From the outside, figuring out what causes fluctuations in a team's performance ultimately becomes a theoretical academic exercise, the kind of thing an annoying college freshman who just took his or her first philosophy class won't shut up about. Why does it matter if a team is going through a short spell of excellent form or a short spell of getting lucky, if either one will inevitably end … man?
For example, Atletico Madrid's two-year run of set-piece dominance seems to have come to an end this season. Was Atletico Madrid getting lucky? Or were their opponents all hapless left-handed batters who couldn't see that Diego Simeone was walking to the mound and signaling for a LOOGY before each corner kick? For the public, the difference may not matter. Over time, all teams score set-piece goals at roughly the same rate, so who cares why there's a blip? From the inside, where time and training are finite resources, it's an extremely important question. Does a manager need to devote extra time to preparing for Simeone's set pieces? If the team's success is just a quirk, then no, those precious minutes and hours can be put to use elsewhere. If, however, it's a repeatable strength of Atletico Madrid, then that should go into opponent game planning. Eventually, enough opponents will focus on stopping specifically that, and Atletico's edge will ebb. Each outcome looks the same from the outside, but it's two different paths to the same result, and every Atletico opponent needs to decide which gets them there.
The difficulty of seeing the metaphorical left-handed pitchers in soccer reaches across all parts of the game. Imagine a team of left-handed hitters. They'd be perfect to play in a league with very few left-handed pitchers. Sure, maybe there'd be a weird, unlucky stretch when they happened to run into two or three lefties in a row, but those would pass, and most of the time they'd be uniquely situated to dominate a league. Now, imagine that that team had to play in the Champions League, where lefties came along a lot more often. It's worth considering whether that is what's been happening with Arsenal (and maybe Manchester City) in recent years, even if you wouldn't know it from looking at the data and the results would be indistinguishable from bad luck. For the most part, though, they've dominated in England, and when the style of play changes against continental sides, they've struggled.
The same problem applies to player acquisition. Say there's a guy whose attacking stats make him look like a superstar: great shooting numbers, plenty of shots from dangerous positions, and lots of chances created. Yet, a new team in a different league signs him and soon finds out that all the things that made him great don't translate to their tactics, personnel, or the style of the league. Three years on and Tottenham very well may be asking those questions of themselves about Erik Lamela. He's young and he's learning, and he may yet figure out Premier League pitching, but gone are the fat fastballs he was feasting on in Italy.
As it stands, analytics in the public sphere have gotten very good at figuring out what a team's batting average should be. They can confidently tell a team not to worry if they're mired in a slump, as the predictions are accurate enough to forecast which downturns will eventually turn around. The next step, the one that's being worked on in private, is figuring out how teams can improve their batting average — how they can spot those lefty pitchers on the mound and how they can better avoid those temporary slumps before they happen. That won't be easy, given the paucity of data compared to other sports. Then again, it was only a few years ago that people within the game wondered if numbers even mattered at all. And look how far we've come since then.
Due Early December 2017
2017 was a serious year for Von D, with releases on a number of great labels including our long-format imprint Khaliphonic, plus Amar, Moonshine, Lion Charge and more. For ZamZam, Von D has delivered “Over” -- a brooding, burning 140 anthems providing serious heat as we head into the dark winter months.
“Over” features a powerful half-time reggae riddim built from Von D's signature warm, enveloping bass and restrained but powerful drums. Tambourine and guiro add flavor while the snares slap, and Meekman's kete drum rocks throughout, adding a swing and live feeling missing from many contemporary in-the-box sound system tunes. Melodica and synth skank in unison, underpinning a dizzying spread of analog signals & sonics.
With reality lyrics straight from Kingston JA courtesy of Shamarie Kamar Bogle AKA Digital Sham, the tune is brought to a boil with heady verbal vapors on poverty, struggle, corruption, daily stresses caused by the political shitstem, and the inevitable end of the wickedness that is so prevalent in these times.
The dub version spools out the echoes and forwards the kete drum in fine style, displaying brilliant filter-sweep moves and reverbs so luscious the space they define seems to breathe. “Chalice Overdubs” also features gorgeous guitar work starting halfway through, adding another melodic, rhythmic and textural element for much more than a simple version. Mastered by Sam at Precise.
a. Von D - Over (feat. Digital Sham)
b. Von D - Chalice Overdubs
EXPRESS Blackburn is experiencing a rise in burka and niqab sales
Despite most muslims believing there is no requirement in the Koran for women to wear the burka, or the slightly less overwhelming niqab, sales are up and the prevalence of fully-covered women is increasing. Express.co.uk can reveal shopkeepers in Blackburn, the British town with the third highest Muslim population, are enjoying a boom in sales. The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic dress incorporating a usually black one-piece garment which covers the face and body with a mesh covering the wearer's eyes. It is designed to effectively dehumanise the wearer in the interests of modesty by disguising all of her physical elements.
EXPRESS The burka and niqab both conceal the wearers body completely, apart from the eyes
The niqab is usually a veil worn in conjunction with a headscarf to create a similar effect to the burka. In the Islamic faith both garments are worn as an assertion of religious and cultural identity. And they both got a boost from an unexpected quarter just days ago when Marks & Spencer unveiled its ‘burkini' Islamic swimwear to howls of derision from both feminists and designers. Many Britons find the burka and niqab sexist and even threatening.
But, while their popularity in many Middle Eastern countries is on the wane the number of women wearing burkas and niqabs on the streets of British northern towns and cities and parts of London are increasing.
The rise of the burka and the veil all stems from 9/11 Nadeem Siddiqui
A snap survey carried out by Express.co.uk in the Lancashire town of Blackburn, where 11 per cent of the population is Islamic, found around 30 per cent of muslim women completely covered their faces. Exact figures are hard to establish because many burkas are sold door-to-door, but Nadeem Siddiqui who runs the Hijab Centre in Blackburn and is the town's biggest burka supplier said: “I'm selling more burkas and niqabs than I used to, no question. “I used to sell one or two burkas a month, now I sell about that in a week, so sales are clearly up.” He blamed the US reaction to the September 11th attacks for increased sales and said: “The rise of the burka and the veil all stems from that.”
EXPRESS Mr Siddiqui runs the Hijab Centre, but is not a fan of the veil
Although Mr Siddiqui sells burkas and niqabs he is not a huge fan of the garments. However he warns that an out and out ban like the one in Norway would fail in Britain. He said: “The answer is education not a ban. A ban would have the opposite effect. “When Jack Straw said those things against the veil, sales of the veil in my shop soared.”
GETTY Jack Straw was Labour MP for Blackburn from 1979 to 2015
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Northern Arizona has missed out on a white Christmas, and if the lack of snowfall continues, scientists say there will likely be more far-reaching effects on the region's pine trees.
Without enough winter moisture, scientists tell the Arizona Daily Sun, the trees will be more susceptible to bark beetles and disease, all of which lead to tree mortality.
"This is super dry for us, so if it continues there's going to be a lot of concerns I'm sure," said John Anhold, a forest entomologist with the U.S. Forest Service.
The latest drought maps show drought and abnormally dry conditions have taken hold of significant portions of the Four Corners region of Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah. With the exception of Colorado, the other states are worse off now than they were at this same time last year.
For Flagstaff, the below-normal precipitation expected for this winter will also affect the city's water sources and supply balance going into next year, while the dry weather has already been a game-changer for prescribed fire operations this fall.
On the Coconino National Forest alone, it has allowed crews to do low-intensity understory burns on about 50 percent more acreage than normal, said Victor Morfin, the forest's fuels specialist.
The fuels were already so dry in October that crews had to switch to burning at night, when relative humidity is higher, to prevent the fire from getting too hot, he said.
The Forest Service is taking a break from prescribed burning over the holidays but if the weather continues to be warm and dry, Morfin said the agency will ramp up burning again in January.
Trees respond to drought in several ways, said George Koch, a biology professor at Northern Arizona University.
As conditions dry out, they start to close up tiny pores on their needles and leaves called stomata. That helps slow water loss to evaporation but prevents the intake of carbon dioxide, which plants need to photosynthesize, Koch said.
Drought also causes damage to trees' water transport systems. Warm, dry air increases evaporation from leaves and needles while dry soils make it more difficult for the plant to pull up water through its roots.
Without enough moisture, ponderosas also struggle to produce pitch, or resin, that works as their main defense. Without that barrier, insects are free to crawl into a tree and reproduce with little resistance.
Anhold said it wouldn't be until late summer or fall that the effects of a beetle outbreak would become visible as needles turn yellow, then red and then start to fall off.
___
Information from: Arizona Daily Sun, http://www.azdailysun.com/
Mark Hughes signed a new contract to keep him at Stoke until 2019
Stoke City will continue their attempts to sign "top players" as they try to bring European football back to the club, says manager Mark Hughes.
The Potters failed in efforts to sign Inter Milan and Switzerland winger Xherdan Shaqiri but Hughes is confident of adding quality.
"We will continue to look to bring in top players right up until the deadline at the end of August," said Hughes.
"If we have a good start to the season, we could well push for Europe."
The former Wales striker took charge in May 2013 and guided Stoke to ninth in his first season - their highest finish in the Premier League - and repeated the feat in 2014-15.
Hughes has already signed Spanish striker Joselu, goalkeepers Shay Given and Jakob Haugaard, defenders Glen Johnson and Philipp Wollscheid plus midfielder Marco van Ginkel.
And, with a record new TV deal coming into effect from next season, he believes a number of clubs are ready for significant investment this summer.
"It's a challenge because in the last two seasons we had two top-10 finishes and we would like to do better than that," he said in the build-up to the Premier League Asia Trophy, which also features Arsenal and Everton.
"However one thing we really have to realise is that a lot of clubs are trying to strengthen ahead of the big television deal to come at the end of this campaign, so there's a focus on that.
"Therefore, a lot of teams are investing in their playing group as we are, just to make sure we maintain our position. If we can, we would like to push higher."
Borrowers in financial difficulty have been warned to stay away from organisations that claim to give legal advice with no legal training.
The Law Society of Ireland and barristers working in the area of debt have advised borrowers in trouble to stay away from groups that claim to have “a secret formula” for circumventing Irish law based on “false imaginings of what the law might be”.
There has been a growth in groups and organisations aimed at helping people in debt to hold on to their homes or businesses. And while most include legal advice from people with legal training, some claim to be able to circumvent the legal system in Ireland.
Name as trademark
Among the philosophies that have sprung up in recent years is that espoused by Freemen on the Land, a movement with origins in America. Freemen believe all statute law is contractual, and only applies if an individual consents to be governed by it. In Ireland, freemen give advice via the website freemanireland.ning.com. Advice includes that in court a person should not obey any orders or follow requests because if they do they have “granted jurisdiction”. They claim their name is a trademark, separate from who they are, a “flesh and blood” person.
Refusal to answer
In court, a proponent will refuse to answer to his or her name and refer to himself as, for example, John of the Ancient Clan of O'Brien, agent for John O'Brien. If corresponded with by groups such as local authorities or court officials, freemen will claim they have no contract with the authority and will charge for further correspondence.
According to barrister Keith Rooney, who wrote about the subject for the Law Society Gazette , there have been more than 100 cases in the last 12 months in Irish courts in which individuals have used versions of freemen arguments.
“These guys are liable to get a lot of vulnerable people into trouble,” he said.
Earlier this week, Francis Cullen, a businessman from Clonard, Co Wexford, who was adjudicated a bankrupt in July 2011, was returned to Mountjoy Prison after telling High Court judge Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne he didn't recognise her authority. He referred to himself as Francis of the Clan Cullen and, according to the court's official who deals with bankruptcy cases, Chris Lehane, every time he corresponded with Mr Cullen he received a bill “to be paid in gold” for “using his name”. He had been in prison for contempt of court since February.
Ken Murphy, of the Law Society of Ireland, said the society would advise anyone in financial difficulty to get advice from someone who is trained in and knowledgeable about the law as set down in the Constitution and by the Oireachtas and the courts.
“One hears some strange interpretation of what the law might be; what every citizen needs to be aware of is the law as it actually is,” he said.
Barrister Andrew Robinson, who has defended homeowners in the High Court, said of the freemen: “To hold yourself out as knowing some kind of secret formula and something about the legal system and then to take a vulnerable person who is facing losing their home or getting a judgment against them and to purport to tell them how they can conduct themselves in court is an appalling thing.”
Party like a viking with me in Breckenridge, Colorado!
For half a century the people of Breckenridge have been donning horns and participating in a huge party inspired by Ullr, the Norse God of Winter. In Europe, Ullr is the Guardian of Skiers, and the gods know I will need him during my skiing adventure in Breckenridge this season.
Originally developed as a party for the people of Breckenridge, Ullr Festival has expanded over the years, although it is still a homegrown event. The party got started in 1963, and today it is a week-long festival with all kinds of wacky traditions.
I will be attending Ullr Festival this year and I'm looking forward to a crazy party.
The 50th Ullr Festival runs January 6-12, 2013, and the schedule from GoBreck is as follows:
Sunday, Jan. 6 – Crowning of the Ullr King & Queen (6-9pm)
Toast to 50 years of fun with free beer and live music by The Luv Brothers. New location for 2013 – Breckenridge Riverwalk Center, 150 W. Adams Ave. FREE
Monday, Jan. 7 – Family Night new (3:30 – 5:30pm)
Bring the kids for Nordic skiing, snowshoeing, ice skating, indoor activities and a family-friendly bonfire at the Gold Run Nordic Center on Tiger Road. FREE
Tuesday, Jan. 8 – Ullympics (6 – 8pm)
Partake in wild events such as the frying pan toss, group ski racing and ski boot relay. FREE
Mayor's note: I can't WAIT for this evening!
Wednesday, Jan. 9 – Ullr Dating Game
Join local radio station KSMT and all the singles in town for Breckenridge's 21+ version of the Dating Game at Cecilias. To apply to be a bachelor/bachelorette, call KSMT at 970-453-2234 ext. 20. FREE
Thursday, Jan. 10 – Ullr Fest parade and town bonfire (Parade starts at 4:30pm, Bonfire 5-7pm, and Fireworks at 7pm)
The centerpiece of the week, the Ullr Fest parade showcases Breckenridge's style of wild winter fun – past floats have included dogsled teams, hot tubs, a ski jump and more. A town bonfire and fireworks follow the parade. FREE
Mayor's note: I'm either going to help judge the parade or I may actually ride on a float. I better pick up a pair of great Viking horns, pronto!
Friday, Jan. 11 – Comedy night:
Comedy Works comics descend on Breckenridge for a night of big laughs at Beaver Run Resort.
Saturday, Jan. 12 – Ullr Fashion Show: Close out the week with a Viking-themed costume contest at the Park Avenue Pub.
To keep tabs on all the fun stuff happening in Breckenridge during the winter or any other time of year, go to GoBreck.com.
UPDATE:
12/30/12
The first glimpse of what I'll be sporting at Ullr Festival this year.
The country's largest postal workers union has given Canada Post a 72-hour notice of job action, meaning mail and parcel delivery could be affected by work to rule conditions by Monday.
The Canadian Union of Postal Workers (CUPW) threatened job action, which could include work to rule, after Canada Post president and CEO Deepak Chopra refused to accept a 24-hour extension for contract talks during a meeting with Labour Minister MaryAnn Mihychuk Wednesday night. The union had until midnight Thursday – when its strike mandate was set to expire – to issue a notice of job action.
"For months, Chopra has been trying to provoke a disruption in the middle of the government's review of Canada Post. Unfortunately, Mr. Chopra's latest actions leave us no choice but to file a 72-hour notice of job action," CUPW national president Mike Palecek said in a statement Thursday. "We are still willing to withdraw our notice if Canada Post agrees to an extension."
Story continues below advertisement
CUPW said it listed its anticipated job actions in a letter to Canada Post management. While the union does not plan to walk off the job, work to rule is an option.
The notice of job action is the latest in the very public and tense contract talks between Canada Post and CUPW.
It came hours after the federal government announced that it will appoint a special mediator to help with the contract negotiations and avoid a work stoppage. A mediator has not yet been named, but Ms. Mihychuk said she will work "expeditiously" to appoint one.
"I expect both parties to work with this special mediator to come to a resolution and avoid a work stoppage. I continue to closely monitor the situation," Ms. Mihychuk said in a statement Thursday.
The union said it welcomes the help of special mediator and is waiting to see who the minister will appoint.
Canada Post said it will fully cooperate with the special mediator and hopes the "assistance of a neutral third party will help both parties address the real challenges facing the postal service caused by declining mail volumes and increasing pension obligations."
CUPW is Canada's largest postal union, representing 50,000 postal workers across the country.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The two sides continue to remain far apart in the dispute, especially on pay discrepancies between rural and urban mail-carriers and proposed changes to the pension plan.
CUPW wants rural and suburban mail carriers to be paid by the hour, like urban letter carriers, rather than by the number of parcels they deliver.
Canada Post wants to change the pension plan for new employees to a defined contribution plan, which does not pay a guaranteed return in retirement, instead of a defined benefit plan, which workers earn a set pension regardless of how the fund's investments do. Many private sector companies have moved towards defined contribution plans.
Earlier this month, an arbitrator accepted Canada Post's proposal to reach a new collective agreement for the Canadian Postmasters and Assistants Association, which represents 5,000 rural workers, that included a move toward a defined contribution plan. The decision makes CUPW the only remaining postal group that has a defined benefit plan for new employees.
If the union goes ahead with its threat of job action, mail and parcel delivery could be disrupted by Monday. In the event of a labour disruption, Old Age Security, Canada Pension Plan, Working Income Tax Benefit and Canada Child Benefit cheques would still be delivered because they are deemed essential.
Canada Post workers have been without a collective agreement for months; its contract with rural and suburban mail carriers expired on Dec. 31, 2015, and urban mail carriers on Jan. 31, 2016.
Story continues below advertisement
This is not the first time a labour stoppage has been threatened. In July, Canada Post withdrew its 72-hour notice one day before it was due to lockout the CUPW members, which would have interrupted postal service.
As Canada Post continues to negotiate with its largest union, it is facing financial challenges stemming from a significant drop in letter mail and competition with the private package delivery business, such as UPS and FedEx.
With files from The Canadian Press
September 25, 2009 - The National
NAZARETH // A local authority in Israel has announced that it is establishing a special team of youth counsellors and psychologists whose job it will be to identify young Jewish women who are dating Arab men and "rescue" them.
The move by the municipality of Petah Tikva, a city close to Tel Aviv, is the latest in a series of separate  and little discussed  initiatives from official bodies, rabbis, private organisations and groups of Israeli residents to try to prevent interracial dating and marriage.
In a related development, the Israeli media reported this month that residents of Pisgat Zeev, a large Jewish settlement in the midst of Palestinian neighbourhoods in East Jerusalem, had formed a vigilante-style patrol to stop Arab men from mixing with local Jewish girls.
Hostility to intimate relationships developing across Israels ethnic divide is shared by many Israeli Jews, who regard such behaviour as a threat to the states Jewishness. One of the few polls on the subject, in 2007, found that more than half of Israeli Jews believed intermarriage should be equated with "national treason".
Since the states founding in 1948, analysts have noted, a series of legal and administrative measures have been taken by Israel to limit the possibilities of close links developing between Jewish and Arab citizens, the latter comprising a fifth of the population.
Largely segregated communities and separate education systems mean that there are few opportunities for young Arabs and Jews to become familiarised with each other. Even in the handful of "mixed cities", Arab residents are usually confined to separate neighbourhoods.
In addition, civil marriage is banned in Israel, meaning that in the small number of cases where Jews and Arabs want to wed, they can do so only by leaving the country for a ceremony abroad. The marriage is recognised on the couples return.
Dr Yuval Yonay, a sociologist at Haifa University, said the number of interracial marriages was "too small to be studied". "Separation between Jews and Arabs is so ingrained in Israeli society, it is surprising that anyone manages to escape these central controls."
The team in Petah Tikva, a Jewish city of 200,000 residents, was created in direct response to news that two Jewish girls, aged 17 and 19, were accompanying a group of young Arab men when they allegedly beat a Jewish man, Leonard Karp, to death last month on a Tel Aviv beach. The older girl was from Petah Tikva.
The girls involvement with the Arab youths has revived general concern that a once-firm taboo against interracial dating is beginning to erode among some young people.
In sentiments widely shared, Mr Hakak, a spokesman for Petah Tikva municipality, said "Russian girls", young Jewish women whose parents arrived in Israel over the past two decades, since the former Soviet Union collapsed, were particularly vulnerable to the attention of Arab men.
Dr Yonay said Russian women were less closed to the idea of relationships with Arab men because they "did not undergo the religious and Zionist education" to which more established Israeli Jews were subject.
Mr Hakak said the municipality had created a hotline that parents and friends of the Jewish women could use to inform on them.
"We cant tell the girls what to do but we can send a psychologist to their home to offer them and their parents advice," he said.
Motti Zaft, the deputy mayor, told the Ynet website that the municipality was also cracking down on city homeowners who illegally subdivide apartments to rent them cheaply to single Arab men looking for work in the Tel Aviv area. He estimated that several hundred Arab men had moved into the city as a result.
Petah Tikvas hostility to Arab men mixing with local Jewish women is shared by other communities.
In Pisgat Zeev, a settlement of 40,000 Jews, some 35 Jewish men are reported to belong to a patrol known as "Fire for Judaism" that tries to stop interracial dating.
Unusually for a settlement, Pisgat Zeev has attracted a tiny but growing population of Arab families, both from East Jerusalem and from inside Israel. Because Pisgat Zeev sits within Jerusalems municipal borders, Arabs with Israeli residency rights can live there as long as Jewish settlers are willing to rent to them.
One member, who identified himself as Moshe to the Jerusalem Post newspaper, said: "Our goal is to be in contact with these girls and try to explain to them the dangers of what theyre getting themselves into. In the last 10 years, 60 girls from Pisgat Zeev have gone into [Palestinian] villages [in the West Bank]. And most of them arent heard from after that."
He denied that violence or threats were used against Arab men.
Last year, the municipality of Kiryat Gat, a town of 50,000 Jews in southern Israel, launched a programme in schools to warn Jewish girls of the dangers of dating local Bedouin men. The girls were shown a video titled Sleeping with the Enemy, which describes mixed couples as an "unnatural phenomenon".
Haim Shalom, head of the municipalitys welfare department, is filmed saying: "The girls, in their innocence, go with the exploitative Arab."
In 2004, posters sprang up all over the northern town of Safed warning Jewish women that dating Arab men would lead to "beatings, hard drugs, prostitution and crime".
Safeds chief rabbi, Shmuel Eliyahu, told a local newspaper that the "seducing" of Jewish girls was "another form of war" by Arab men.
Both Kiryat Gat and Safeds campaigns were supported by a religious organisation called Yad Lachim, which runs an anti-assimilation team publicly dedicated to "saving" Jewish women.
According to its website, the organisation receives more than 100 calls a month about Jewish women living with Arab men, both in Israel and the West Bank. It launches "military-like rescues [of the women] from hostile Arab villages" in co-ordination with the police and army.
"The Jewish soul is a precious, all-too-rare resource, and we are not prepared to give up on even a single one," says the website.
@thenational.ae
According to THIS PIECE by Peter Ladner for Business in Vancouver, there are currently four times more marijuana dispensaries in Vancouver than there are McDonald's restaurant locations. It boggles the mind that 84 of these illegal (yet somehow legal) shops operate in our city, most who sell pot to pretty much anyone over the age of 18. The product obviously sells itself, but with so many options it was only a matter of time until we'll start to see some of them start get clever and set themselves apart to draw business away from the others.
When we put together our ULTIMATE GUIDE TO PIZZA in Vancouver we became aware of a place that was rumoured to infuse their pizzas with cannabis tinctures. Located next door to a dispensary that they're affiliated with, Mega Ill Pizza seemed to be doing it quietly for customers and spreading the word organically… but they appear to have turned a corner and are now boldly marketing “weed pizza”. They claim to be the first pizzeria in North America to offer this bizarre (yet brilliant) product.
Each pizza contains 250mg of infused oil and while we're not exactly sure what that means, according to the company “This single dose pizza put buddy on his ass from 12:45-8:30pm”. We're not recommending you order one, in fact we'd probably advise you not to, and are simply sharing this story to point out what a strange time we're living in. Regulation of medicinal marijuana in Canada (and specifically Vancouver) is an issue that continues to evolve, and it's examples like this that makes a really strong case for it.
Photo: @megaillpizza
When Sarah approached her female manager at a large media company about her maternity leave, she found herself bargaining over the duration she would take: "I knew I wanted six months to be with my son, but she immediately started talking me down, saying four months was plenty. I felt pressured to agree to take less time."
When Sarah returned to work, her manager informed her that she would not be entitled to "special treatment" and announced she'd been posted to a new job which involved travelling every few weeks, for months at a time.
"I wasn't sacked, but they made it impossible for me to stay. I'd specifically said I didn't want a post which involved too much travelling for extended periods, but when I returned, that was the only job on offer to me."
Stories like Sarah's are increasingly common. A report released today by the group Working Families has revealed high levels of maternity discrimination for the third year running, reinforcing recent research suggesting this is a growing trend.
Despite this, very few women take any formal action. According to the most recent national research in 2005, of women who lost their jobs due to discrimination, 8 percent took action, while only 3 percent went to tribunal. The vast majority (71 percent) did nothing, a statistic advocacy group Maternity Action put down to women being "very cautious out of fear, they'll be labelled troublemakers - a lot of women simply go quietly".
More 'emotional and irrational'
Sarah Jackson, Chief Executive of Working Families, stated, "We have far too many callers who, even when advised about their rights, are reluctant to take action for fear of losing their jobs." And as of this year, women taking a pregnancy discrimination claim to an employment tribunal will face a fee of 1,200 pounds (US$1,791), deterring many more.
In 2005, the Equal Opportunity Commission found that 30,000 women each year were losing their job as a result of pregnancy discrimination. Today, campaigners describe increasing levels of unfair selection of pregnant women and new mothers for redundancy and described the discrimination as increasingly "blatant".
Figures show that one in seven women in a recent survey by OnePoll had lost their job while on maternity leave. The Fawcett Society believes in times of austerity, when employers cannot afford to take any perceived risks to profits and growing business, discrimination against women in the workplace is likely to rise.
The downsizing and restructuring of many companies due to the economic recession has meant a hike in redundancies, with many pregnant and new mothers adversely affected and those in less skilled jobs perceived as dispensable.
In many cases, pregnant women or new mothers are made to feel they no longer have a place within the company, with attitudes towards pregnancy increasingly hostile. Just last month, Mark Thomas, former chief executive of BBC Studios & Post Production, was accused of declaring that "female workers of child-caring responsibilities should not hold senior management positions".
Businessman Lord Alan Sugar, who'd previously stated that the way to get round the laws protecting pregnant women was not to employ them, has also criticised laws which ban interviewers from grilling women about whether they want children.
"Many women are unaware of the law prohibiting pregnancy discrimination and do not recognise their experiences as discrimination." - Rosalind Bragg, Maternity Action
And such attitudes are not restricted to a few renegades, with a government survey indicating that 24 percent of men thought that women on maternity leave should be made redundant before anyone else.
For Rosalind Bragg, whose organisation Maternity Action has also recorded a rise in discrimination, media coverage of pregnancy leave negatively affects women's perception of their rights: "Media coverage of maternity leave increasingly represents this as a burden on business, and this has definitely influenced women's approach to their maternity rights."
The consequence of these misrepresentations is women often feel unsure about their entitlements and guilty for demanding their rights. She added: "Many women are unaware of the law prohibiting pregnancy discrimination and do not recognise their experiences as discrimination."
From the notion of ditzy mums ill-equipped to handle the pressures of work through to portrayals of "yummy mummies" unabashedly enjoying iced Frappuccino while their employers foot the bill, feminist writer Glosswitch notes, "Almost all mummies - no matter who they are or what they're doing - are perceived to be a bit rubbish."
The very perception of pregnant woman betrays assumptions concerning their abilities and reliability. A 2007 study found that "visibly pregnant women managers are judged as less committed to their jobs, less dependable and less authoritative, but warmer, more emotional and more irrational than otherwise equal women managers who are not visibly pregnant".
'Less competent'
What's more, research published in the Harvard Business Review suggests bearing children means women are "judged to be significantly less competent" and were "least likely to be hired or promoted". Such perceptions are born out in the cases handled by charities like Working Families.
One caller who was four months pregnant was sacked, following her three-month probationary period with her employer, stating that she "would be focusing on other things and that she wouldn't be capable of doing the job".
Among the core concerns listed in Working Families' report is "employer imposed changes to working patterns which undermine parents' ability to combine work and childcare".The organisation found that many more employers in 2012 were too quick to turn down a request for flexible working, which combined with the impact of childcare tax credit cuts, disproportionately and negatively impacts women.
Britain has some of the highest childcare costs in the world, in an economic climate which renders the cost of childcare relative to wages so disadvantageous as to push women towards non-remunerated work within the home - even when they'd rather be out working for a salary.
Among the incidents handled by the group was an employer insisting that a female staffer work a late night rota. If she did, she could not pick her child up in time from nursery and it would cost her between 60 pounds ($89) and 80 pounds ($119) in charges for every late night worked.
Despite informing the employer that she was struggling to feed her children and was feeling "completely and utterly desperate", her employer responded that it was "her choice to have children". For many women, flexible hours are not simply a luxury, but a basic necessity allowing them to remain in the workplace.
Liz Gardiner, Head of policy for Working Families, believes the government's "Children and Families Bill", which seeks to promote a system of shared parental leave, including extending the right to request flexible working to all employees, could help tackle pregnancy-related discrimination.
"Improving rights for fathers to take paternity leave, would make it harder for employers to view women of childbearing age as the problem." She also believes it is high time an Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) review was conducted to document what she deems a "hardening of attitudes among employers".
At a time when the UK now ranks 18th of 27 countries on job security and pay for women, the "motherhood penalty" perpetuates the glass ceiling and fails to recognise the true contribution of mothers to society.
Myriam Francois-Cerrah is a freelance journalist. She is studying for a DPhil at Oxford University, focusing on Islamic movements in Morocco.
Follow her on Twitter: @MFrancoisCerrah
Last week, Wavves and Best Coast announced a split single as part of Wavves' Ghost Ramp Monthly subscription service. Now, they're heading out on a co-headling tour, "Summer Is Forever II". (In 2011, the two bands released a split single called "Summer Is Forever" with an accompanying tour.) Cherry Glazerr will open. Check out Nick Gazin's wrestling-themed tour poster above, and scroll down for the dates.
Wavves and Best Coast:
02-11 Austin, TX - Stubb's Waller Creek Amphitheater ^
02-12 Dallas, TX - Gas Monkey Live! ^
02-13 New Orleans, LA - Joy Theater ^
02-15 Carrboro, NC - Cat's Cradle ^
02-16 Washington, D.C. - 930 Clubs ^
02-17 Philadelphia, PA - Electric Factory ^
02-18 New York City, NY - Terminal 5 ^
02-19 Boston, MA - Royale ^
02-22 Toronto, Ontario - Danforth Music Hall ^
02-23 Detroit, MI - Majestic Theatre ^
02-24 Chicago, IL - Thalia Hall ^
02-26 Kansas City, MO - Arvest Bank Theatre at the Midland ^
02-27 Denver, CO - Bluebird Theater ^
03-01 Berkeley, CA - The UC Theatre ^
03-02 San Francisco, CA - The Independent ^
03-03 Los Angeles, CA - The Fonda Theatre ^
03-04 San Diego, CA - The Observatory North Park ^
03-05 Anaheim, CA - House of Blues Anaheim ^
^ with Cherry Glazerr
Watch Wavves and Best Coast on an episode of Pitchfork.tv's "Over/Under":
Tina Belcher. (Photo: Fox)
Beyoncé, Sheryl Sandberg, Taylor Swift, Hillary Clinton, and many other successful women are frequently hailed as modern-day feminist icons, but commentators on the state of women's empowerment have overlooked one important addition: Tina Belcher.
It's understandable why Belcher has gone unrecognized. She's different. Unlike the aforementioned, Tina (that's what her fans call her) is 13 years old, the daughter of a working-class father—and not even a real person. She's a cast member on Fox's animated sitcom Bob's Burgers, and she behaves nothing like a pop star, politician, or business leader. She spends her time "logging fantasy hours" with (i.e., daydreaming about) her crushes, helping out around the family's titular diner, and writing friend fiction. That's like fan fiction, except it's about her friends.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"I'm no hero. I put my bra on one boob at a time like everyone else."
Like similar prime-time cartoons—The Simpsons, Family Guy, and King of the Hill—Bob's Burgers features a nuclear family made up of quirky individuals, any one of which—child or adult—is likely to take on the leading “parent” role. Bob, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin (Archer, Home Movies), is a cynical, hard-working, loveable father and husband who worries about business matters while his wife Linda (John Roberts), an excitable optimist, takes care of family issues and counterbalances Bob's glass-half-empty outlook. The children—Louise, Gene, and Tina—often help around the restaurant or in their apartment upstairs, chiming in with quips and moderately helpful suggestions. When Linda wonders how to afford baseball lessons for her son, Louise responds: “You could sell your soul. I did.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
As in creator Loren Bouchard's previous show Home Movies (co-created by Brendon Small), the young characters often drive the plot and deliver the most quotable lines. Louise (Kristen Schaal of Flight of the Conchords) is the precocious youngest daughter with the loudest voice and a bunny ear-shaped hat, constantly provoking people to do what they wouldn't on their own. Gene (Eugene Mirman), the middle child, is a young musician who tries hard at everything he does, whether it's maintaining a hilariously bad middle-school relationship for the sake of excellent recording equipment or improvising a formal table setting using tampons and menstrual pads at a local competition. The oldest sibling, Tina (writer and comedian Dan Mintz), is equal parts confidence and uncertainty, with a penchant for unrequited adolescent love, and a tendency to hyperventilate in social situations that make her uncomfortable (which happens often).
Tina is the show's darling. Mentioning her to friends often elicits an exclamatory, “I love Tina!” followed by imitations of her off-key monotone, saying “sexy hair flip,” “friend fiction,” “Jimmy Junior,” or simply mimicking the throaty moan that emits from her mouth every time she's at a nervous loss for words. At 13 years old, she acts as wise, big sister almost as often as she lets younger Louise take control. Swamped with vivid dreams and a rich fantasy life, she is often inside her own head, appearing surprised when people address her and unsure of how to respond. Despite frequent bouts of speechlessness, she regularly shares thoughts reflecting her personal worldview that are so honest and awkward they stun family members and alienate classmates. Herein lies her charm, and her power.
"If you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did."
In her endearingly matter-of-fact voice, Tina tells her dad, “If you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did,” and, in another episode, infamously declares, “I'm no hero. I put my bra on one boob at a time like everyone else.” She wakes up early every morning to write her friend fiction. One piece ends with her touching her crush Jimmy Jr.'s rear end, thereby changing the whole world.
In her raciest fantasy, Tina dreams of an island where she can fly around and give a handful of men a peck on the lips, after mishearing the name of fictional Quipiquissit Island as “Quickie Kiss It Island.” For every G-rated fantasy Tina expresses, there emerges a character that subverts typical portrayals of female adolescence, the depiction of which so often centers solely on stale ideas about a flat feminine sexuality. Rather than mired in princess stories, weddings, or male attention rendered quantifiable by social media, viewers watch Tina daydream about boys' butts, first kisses, and a collection of zombie boyfriends.
A few characters have memorably rejected the stereotype of adolescent girl as boy-obsessed. In another iconic animated show, Daria does like some of her male peers, but that doesn't get much screen time. She is frequently pitted against her overwhelmingly boy-crazy, vapid sister Quinn and head cheerleader Brittany (each of whom is not without her merits), while Daria herself is most often noted for her witty comments and cutting observations about society.
Tina Belcher, on the other hand, is pretty obsessed with boys, and this is precisely what makes her so subversive. She shakes up the representation of adolescent girls who are racked by their hormones. We are privy to her fantasies, and they aren't necessarily atypical. However, we never see her expressing her desirous side in a stereotypical way. There's always something off. She speaks her passions in a monotone. (Tina is voiced by a man.) When she clams up because her crush enters the room, it's funny and painful rather than funny and cute-because-she's-embarrassed.
Bob's Burgers focuses on Tina's pride in her fantasies, not whether or not she has succeeded in achieving them. Tina wants 10 zombie boyfriends, and it's something she desires despite its impossibility. She is rarely a hackneyed example of pitiable awkwardness. She meets a cute boy in the dairy department at Fresh Feed (a send-up of Trader Joe's) and passes him her number through the milk shelf. “Here are a bunch of numbers. They may look random, but they're my phone number,” she says. Even when she's gauche, she is brazen and original.
Without affirming her importance through financial, political, or sexual accomplishments, Tina is an example of empowerment through personal liberation. She speaks her mind when she's not tongue-tied. She's open about her passions even when another person might try to hide her writing habits or impossible fantasies. She's a gawky teenager, yes, but she never hides who she is. Confidence and openness constitute a form of empowerment worthy of any woman's, or any person's, aspirations. Without going further than a kiss, Tina comes off as unabashedly open and independent of the sort that's rare on television. She's right when she says, “I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman.”
ST KILDA recruit Nathan Freeman has suffered a minor setback in his recovery from multiple hamstring injuries and will be kept in cotton wool for another week.
Freeman was eased into training this season and made his playing return nearly three weeks ago with the Sandringham reserves, winning 46 possessions in three quarters.
The injury-troubled midfielder has not played since, however, and has had his comeback put on hold again after experiencing "some awareness" in his hamstring during training this week.
Scans revealed no significant damage to his hamstring, but the Saints have taken a cautious approach because of the 20-year-old's extensive injury history.
"Nathan experienced some awareness in his hamstring last week during training," St KIlda football manager Jamie Cox said on the club's website.
"Due to his history we'll slow him down a bit and we'll put him back into training for a week or two and really build him back up to play again hopefully in a couple of weeks."
Freeman did not play last week because the Sandringham reserves had a bye, and he will likely make his return through the VFL reserves in the next fortnight so the club can manage his game time.
Recruited by Collingwood with pick No.10 in the 2013 NAB AFL Draft, his first two seasons were wiped out by serious hamstring injuries and he suffered a recurrence with St Kilda in December.
Meanwhile, defender Dylan Roberton is on track to only miss one more week with a knee injury and will face a fitness test ahead of the Saints' round-seven clash against North Melbourne.
The Kremlin has already vanquished one vice this year, casino gambling, which it all but banned in July. But drinking — vodka in particular — is another thing entirely. It is a mainstay of Russian life, both a beloved social lubricant and a ready means for escaping everyday hardship.
Mr. Medvedev is seeking steeper penalties on the sale of alcohol to minors, as well as a crackdown on beer, which has grown more popular among young people. Beer sales at kiosks would be banned, as would large beer containers. The government may seek more control over the market for vodka, still the most common alcoholic beverage.
His plan, though, follows a long line of failed anti-alcohol campaigns here, going back centuries. The most notable was pressed by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, who in the mid-1980s ordered shelves emptied of vodka and historic vineyards razed. Those measures succeeded at first, resulting in a nationwide bout of temperance that even increased life expectancy.
But they also touched off a severe public backlash that damaged the standing of Mr. Gorbachev and the Communist Party, and he eventually relented.
In recent years, as Russia has rebounded and engaged more with the world, alcohol has hindered its development. Foreign companies that operate here are particularly aware of the toll as they grapple with lower productivity.
Russians consume roughly 4.75 gallons of pure alcohol a person annually, more than double the level that the World Health Organization considers a health threat. The consumption figure for the United States is about 2.3 gallons.
The country will have difficulty resolving its demographic crisis — its population is predicted to drop nearly 20 percent by 2050 — if it does not confront its alcohol problem. Life expectancy for Russian men is now 60 years, in part because of alcoholism.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Researchers studying mortality in three industrial cities in Siberia in the 1990s found that in several years, alcohol was the cause of more than half of all deaths of people ages 15 to 54, often from accidents, violence or alcohol poisoning, according to a report this year in The Lancet, a London-based medical publication.
Photo
The Public Chamber, a Kremlin advisory panel, has asserted that roughly 500,000 people die annually in Russia from causes directly related to or aggravated by alcohol.
“No matter what people say about it being too deep-rooted in our culture, about it being practically impossible to fight alcoholism in Russia,” Mr. Medvedev said in August, “we must recognize that other countries, and you know them yourselves, have been successful in their efforts to address this issue.”
Several experts said they doubted that the government would accomplish much unless its plan was drastically strengthened. They said the most important step would be to raise vodka prices significantly through heavier taxation and the closing of unlicensed distilleries. A half liter of vodka now costs as little as $2.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
They pointed out that in other countries, like France, people drink heavily, but mostly wine and beer, which are seen as less harmful. The trouble here is hard liquor.
In Mytishchi, with a population of 170,000, Inspector Poludnitsyn said it was clear that more limits were needed. The drunk tank typically receives a dozen or so people a day, and many more on paydays and weekends.
“It is not a fight that can be waged in a single year,” he said. “It has to be waged over time, over decades.”
Drinking has increased sharply since the Soviet Union's fall in 1991, though heavily intoxicated people have been somewhat less visible on the streets in recent years, in part because the police do a better job of whisking them away.
Dr. Aleksandr V. Nemtsov of the Moscow Psychiatric Research Institute, one of Russia's leading alcohol experts, said that little would change unless the Kremlin got serious about shutting down unlicensed distillers, which produce half the vodka consumed in the country and usually are protected by corrupt officials.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The government does not want to deprive poor people of cheap vodka,” Dr. Nemtsov said. “Because it is better for them when people are drunk. You probably know that Catherine the Great said it is easier to rule a drunk public. That is the root of the evil.”
He said it would be foolish to constrain beer sales. Given that people are unlikely to spurn alcohol altogether, the government should prefer that they drink beer, he said.
Viktor F. Zvagelsky, a member of Parliament from the governing party, disagreed, saying that young people who started with beer would move up to vodka.
He said the support of Mr. Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin would help overcome the alcohol industry's opposition to more restrictions.
Brewers, many owned by foreign conglomerates, have for years blocked attempts in Parliament to apply the same rules to beer as vodka, such as limits on advertising or when and where it can be sold, he said.
“The lobbying by the beer industry has been very strong,” he said.
Outmoded ways of addressing the problem were evident at the drunk tank in Mytishchi. After they sobered up, those who had been brought in were written up: they were told that before being released, they would have to pay a fine.
The amount was 100 rubles, $3.50, just as it has been since Soviet times.
Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images House Republicans, led by Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (left) and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, celebrate the passage of their tax legislation on Thursday.
The U.S. House of Representatives, on a largely party-line vote on Thursday, passed an overhaul of the tax code that could have far-reaching consequences for higher education — and especially for graduate students who work as teaching or research assistants.
The Republican-sponsored bill contains a provision that would tax tuition waivers provided to employees of colleges, including those graduate students. The waivers serve as a significant benefit to student workers who otherwise would not be able to afford to pay tuition on what is often meager pay from their institutions.
Those "qualified tuition reductions" are awarded to an estimated 145,000 graduate students and 27,000 undergraduates (many of them resident assistants), according to the College and University Professional Association for Human Resources. The association's data also show that about 60 percent of the graduate students who receive waivers are seeking degrees in the sciences or technology.
Citing federal data, the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities notes that nearly 55 percent of all graduate students had adjusted annual gross incomes of $20,000 or less, and 87 percent had incomes of $50,000 or less.
So far, the tax bill being considered in the Senate does not include the measure to tax tuition waivers. But the two chambers will have to agree on a single piece of legislation for it reach President Trump.
Advertisement
The uncertainty is already unsettling graduate students, one of whom wrote in The New York Times that the bill, if passed, would "devastate graduate research" and "decimate American competitiveness."
While the details of any legislation have yet to be made final, its effect would vary depending on whether the student is a state resident or paying out-of-state tuition, and on marital status, in which case a spouse's income and the presence of children would matter, among other factors.
The impact of taxing tuition waivers could be especially heavy on graduate students at private colleges who earn less in their actual paychecks than the value of the reduced tuition.
It's also unclear how the proposed law would affect other kinds of financial awards to graduate students, such as fellowships, says Emily Roberts, who has a Ph.D. in biomedical engineering from Duke University and blogs about personal finance for doctoral students.
But even with the uncertainty, graduate students, organizations like the National Association of Graduate-Professional Students and various graduate schools have begun compiling estimates of how the proposal would raise the tax burden for research and teaching assistants. Here are a few examples:
Sarah Smaga, a doctoral student in molecular biophysics and biochemistry at Yale University, estimates that taxes for someone like her would nearly triple, from $3,596 to $10,271. The annual stipend is a little more than $35,000, says Ms. Smaga, while the tuition waiver is more than $41,000.
At the Stony Brook University, in the SUNY system, teaching assistants earn a little more than $19,000 in stipends and have tuition waivers of nearly $11,000, according to information prepared by the dean of the graduate school. In this case, the student's taxes would increase from less than $900 to nearly $2,200, the dean calculated. The increase is far greater for nonresident students, whose tuition waivers are worth more than $22,000, making it appear, for tax purposes, that their annual pay more than doubled.
A married couple in the University of California at San Diego's Medical Scientist Training Program could see their taxes increase by nearly $12,000 a year — from $5,000 to $17,000 — if the tuition waivers of nearly $78,000 were included as taxable income.
Caitrin Connolly-Olszewski, a social worker whose husband is a doctoral student at the University of California at Berkeley, wrote in an email to The Chronicle that the effect of the House tax bill would hit low-income families especially hard.
Those who now rely on the social safety net would become ineligible for such programs if the price of tuition is included in their income, wrote Ms. Olsewski, who is the mother of two children. "Many of us simply don't know how we will manage and if our families can even remain in academia if this goes through," she wrote.
Eric Kelderman writes about money and accountability in higher education, including such areas as state policy, accreditation, and legal affairs. You can find him on Twitter @etkeld, or email him at eric.kelderman@chronicle.com.
Inside the Industry: proVoke rolling
You've laughed at their commercials, now meet the brand that is shaking things up in the blading industry.
Aggressive rollerblading takes itself seriously, very seriously. How many times have you watched a skate promotional video and thought, “Lighten the hell up”? On how many occasions have you read a ridiculously detailed, physics-laded product description and wondered, “Do these companies actually expect us to know what they are talking about?” Well, we have. That is why we have been won over by proVoke's alternative approach to marketing over the past 12 months.
The Detroit-based blading brand started in 2011 with a limited selection of T-shirts and, while the designs were relatively interesting, there was nothing to set them apart from the seemingly endless list of T-shirt companies that have come and gone in our short history. However, in 2013, they released a pro wheel for the criminally underrated female blading prodigy Chynna Weierstall and people took notice. Then they unleashed a hilarious advert to accompany the signature model that was essentially one outlandish statement upon another, executed with faux Hollywood blockbuster dramatics and supplemented with imagery that had nothing to do with the product they were trying to promote. In short, it was hilarious.
This month, they have repeated the feat with another side-splitter for their latest product, Armored bearings. After witnessing their latest visual treat, we instantly got in touch with proVoke owner Jeff Crays to find out more about the brand, who is responsible for those exceptional adverts and what we can expect from them in the upcoming months.
Wheel Scene: What year did proVoke start and who is involved?
Jeff Crays: I started proVoke at the end of 2010. The shirts were for myself but I decided to make them available for others – these were designs I had in my head for over ten years. I perform most of the duties related to the business: filming, editing, website development, product designs etc.
Recently, I teamed up with several people around the globe. Pascal Morasse-Raymond joined the team and spearheaded the expansion of the brand to China, along with facilitating the combined efforts of proVoke rolling and Arrows Skate Shop to develop Armored: Machine Grade Bearings. Next, I teamed up with Bruno Canali and Diego Rachadel of Go Roller Skate Shop to bring the brand to Brazil. Our partnership goes beyond stocking proVoke goods. I empowered them to print the proVoke logo as their own with nothing in return. I want to help shops and riders succeed in the rollerblading industry.
I was able to con Larry Fagan into letting me resurrect some of his drawings from Daily Bread #25 – I love those shirts! I also worked with Chris Sheppard to bring two of his designs to proVoke. I think it's an unwritten law that Mr. Stefan Brandow has to design all shirts, so I think I need to make that happen. You have been warned, Brandow.
There are too many people that help and support the brand to name them all. Thanks to everyone involved!
I remember you guys as just a T-shirt brand a while back but things have kicked into gear recently with wheels and bearings and much more exposure. What happened?
When I first started provoke, I received a great deal of negativity with lists of why I would fail. It has been almost three years and I'm just getting started.
While filming and editing local skaters, I came to the conclusion that “living the lifestyle” has its drawbacks. I wanted to offer my team more and decided to develop wheels. I contacted over 30 different companies over a two-year period. Most of the companies wouldn't even respond to my emails. The ones that did were unable to develop what I needed. Finally, I found a company willing to work with me. The version one wheels are far from perfect but it is a good start. I am working to improve at the moment.
My main motivation for developing bearings was the fact that I hate changing or cleaning my bearings – I'm lazy. Armored bearings have a unique v-groove that keeps the lubrication in and the dirt out, allowing me to ignore them without them resenting me.
Who skates for the brand at the moment?
Currently, the United States team is comprised of Chynna Weierstall, Brandon Long, Winston Wardwell, Theo Partin and Jake Cawley. The team has expanded globally to China, Brazil and The Netherlands, adding Pascal Morasse-Raymond, Levi van Rijn, Joery van de Pol and Cleiton da Rosa.
The last couple of adverts you guys have released have been pretty entertaining. Who is the mastermind behind coming up with the ideas and executing them?
I personally wrote and edited both the wheel and bearing release advertisements.
It took me two years to bring the wheels to life and during that time, five other wheel companies were created! The industry was tired of new wheel companies and I was tired of the bullshit descriptions of new products. I decided that my bullshit needed to be better than theirs. I try not to take myself too seriously.
What is the idea behind the brand?
The initial idea for the brand was to help promote rollerblading. All of the current people involved are different in many ways but have one thing in common – passion for blading. In an effort to help out, I have been trying to sponsor as many events as possible, regardless of how large or small. Most people are surprised I even respond to their email, let alone actually participate. As more and more people get involved, I believe the overall philosophy will change.
What can we expect in the future from proVoke?
I want to continue to grow the brand by supporting riders, events, shops and working with other like-minded individuals. I am currently working on a new edit of both Chynna Weierstall and Brandon Long.
Any final words?
Keep an eye out for an improved wheel formula, Armored bearings and more products you didn't ask for.
proVoke Armored – The Dropping of proVoke's balls from proVoke rolling on Vimeo.
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
FORT BRAGG, N.C. (AP) — A soldier accused of driving Pvt. Danny Chen, a Chinese-American from Manhattan, to suicide last fall while deployed in Afghanistan received a six-month prison sentence on Monday after pleading guilty hours earlier to reduced charges in a court-martial here.
The soldier, Specialist Ryan J. Offutt of Greenville, Pa., pleaded guilty to one count of hazing and two specifications of maltreatment. The authorities say Private Chen, 19, shot himself after being hazed over his ethnicity. Specialist Offutt was among eight soldiers charged in the case and the second to go before a military court.
Specialist Offutt will also be demoted to private and receive a bad conduct discharge. He had faced several more serious charges, including negligent homicide.
Last month, Sgt. Adam M. Holcomb was convicted of maltreatment of Private Chen, but he was acquitted of being a cause of his death. Sergeant Holcomb was sentenced to 30 days in a military prison, demotion of one rank and forfeiture of more than $1,100 in pay.
The wait is finally over. After much discussion leading up to the NFL's Supplemental Draft on the potential destination for former Baylor wide receiver Josh Gordon, we now have an answer. Gordon was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the second-round. Of course, this means the Browns will forfeit their second-round pick in the 2013 NFL Draft.
It comes as no surprise that Cleveland would take a risk on the talented receiver. They are in desperate need of wide receiver depth and Gordon has the potential to be a contributor this season. He also compares favorably to many of the receivers in next years draft class.
As for the second-round pick, Cleveland continues their trend of being very aggressive this offseason.
Congrats to Gordon for being selected and best of luck with his future NFL career. He has the size, speed and raw talent to be a NFL wide receiver. He just needs to prove that he is mentally capable of staying out of trouble and putting his skills to good use. If he can do that, the Browns got themselves one heck of a receiver.
To stay up to date on the latest from NFL Spin Zone, become a fan on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
FORTUNE — Until recently less than 1% of Japan's electrical power output came from renewables. But following the catastrophe of Fukushima and the power blackouts that followed, Japan has seen an explosion in investment in alternatives. Solar, in particular, in this averagely photon-blessed country, has seen a seismic rise of late and is this year poised to become the world's largest solar market in volume after China.
According to a report by energy analyst IHS on Japan's energy mix, Japan's solar installations jumped by “a stunning 270% (in gigawatts) in the first quarter of 2013.” That means by the end of 2013 there will be enough new solar panels equal to the capacity of seven nuclear reactors. Such massive growth will allow Japan to surpass Germany and become the world's largest photovoltaics (PV) market in terms of revenue this year.
“Japan is forecast to install $20 billion worth of PV systems in 2013, up 82% from $11 billion in 2012,” IHS said. “In contrast, the global market is set for tepid 4% growth. The strong revenue performance for Japan this year is partly driven by the high solar prices in the country.” Germany still leads with the total number of units and capacity, however, with its 32,192 megawatts. Japan is now closer to the U.S.'s 8,069 megawatts at 7,429 megawatts, according to London-based BNEF.
MORE: Apple's new Mac: What is this thing?
Solar energy in Japan has come to dominate thanks to government incentives now offered to the producers of renewables and rules which require public power utilities to buy alternative power at above-market rates. A deal forged by the last government desperate to wean Japan from its addiction to oil and nuclear power led to the implementation of a very generous feed-in tariff (FIT) for renewable power generators.
Starting at 42 yen per kilowatt hour last July and now reduced in April to 37.8 yen (39 cents) the FIT is more than twice those of Chinese and German offerings.
A mountainous landscape and deep seas make on- and off-shore wind farms unattractive ventures. So solar, for the moment, is the best bet — accounting for 94% of all applications for clean energy tariffs since July.
Investors saw it coming says Hisashi Hoshi of the Institute of Energy Economics. “Despite a shortage of available land in Japan, many corporations who had unused land have rushed in. They can now exploit those plots, once earmarked for expansion that never came, to make money by building solar panels and selling on that energy to the utility companies at a good profit.”
A 26.5 gigawatt solar power plant in western Japan, enough to power 9,000 households, opened last month, typically built on an unused factory site. Even mothballed golf courses from the '80s bubble years are being pressed into productive service, says Hoshi.
“The ridiculously generous FIT is allowing for a very lucrative business. It's brought investors scurrying to apply especially for the so-called mega solar projects. Such projects make up the bulk of the vast increase of PV seen in Japan recently,” he says.
The provenance of the hardware has also seen a sea change with domestic panels now outselling cheap imports. Japan has a strong solar panel manufacturing industry and companies like Sharp, Kyocera, Sanyo, and Mitsubishi Electric would benefit from the new energy polices and emphasis on solar power, according to IHS.
MORE: 11 jaw-dropping features of Apple iOS 7
Those same failing companies are now banking on a technological edge to push the quality up of made-in-Japan solar panels while keeping prices down. Doing so could make solar one the few bright points of the Japanese electronics industry. Sharp recently unveiled new solar panels that it claims not only use just 1% of the expensive silicon used in conventional models but are thin enough and clear enough to replace windows.
Others are focusing on efficiency. To make solar electricity affordable on a large scale, researchers have long been trying to develop a low-cost solar cell, which is both highly efficient and easy to manufacture with high output — silicon-based solar cells typically have an efficiency of around 21% for converting sunlight into electricity.
According to Panasonic its prototype solar cell has achieved the world's highest conversion efficiency at 24.7%, verified by tests performed at Japan's National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology.
“How long the boom in solar can last in Japan is hard to tell, but as land runs out, there will be slowdown,” says Hoshi. “Of course there are still the rooftops to exploit as mobile carrier Softbank is doing. It's renting rooftops for solar — a very smart and interesting business model. Perhaps, unlike previous attempts to deregulate Japan's electric utility industry, this should be a success.”
Following recent Knife Rights victories in Michigan, Colorado, and Texas, Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner quietly signed SB 607 into law on Friday. The new legislation takes effect immediately and repeals the ban on switchblades in Illinois. But there's a catch. If you want to carry a switchblade in the state without breaking the law, you'll also need to carry a Firearm Owner's Identification (FOID) card. And, even with a FOID card, you'll continue to be subject to restrictions imposed by local jurisdictions, such as in Chicago.
SB 607 began life as a total repeal of the switchblade ban. Illinois lawmakers wanted to make the carry restriction based on possession of a Firearm Concealed Carry License (FCCL), but according to Knife Rights a compromise favorable to knife owners was reached with the FOID card requirement. “To put this into perspective, in Illinois there are approximately 2.1 million FOID cardholders vs. only 223,637 FCCL holders,” they explain.
> > Keep your folders awesome. Grab a Pack of 5 Microfiber Blade Sleeves for $8.99 < <
SB 607 packs some caveats for individual owners in Illinois, but manufacturers and knife retailers will now operate with much greater freedom. The production and sale of automatic knives are now legal, without the requirement of a certification or license.
For Illinoisans, the application for a FOID card costs $10.00 and takes up 30 days to process and approve. The minimum age requirement is 21, but underage applicants can still apply with a parent or legal guardian sponsor. A FOID card is good for 10 years.
Knife featured in image: Kershaw Launch 7
A few months ago, Mahesh Prakriya stopped by Amazon to discuss the recently merged IronPython project and the changes that it inspired in Microsoft's .NET implementation. We exchanged email, and he invited me to this year's Lang.NET symposium. I plan to look for volunteers to contribute to a Perl 6 implementation targeted to the CLI.
I've been talking to some folks on the freenode #perl6 channel about the prospect of a .NET-based implementation. They seem to think that kp6 could be used to make something realistic with little effort (for some value of “little”). The most mature kp6 back end implementation is currently Perl5.pm, so the work would involve modifying the p5 visitor/emitter so that it outputs IL bytecode rather than perl5.
After a quick review of kp6's Visitor::Emit::Perl5.pm, it seems as if the code used to emit the perl5 back end should be re-factored so that the emitted perl5 code snippits live in their own template files, named after the classes for which they emit code. The emit_perl5() methods (which should probably be re-named) of the various Visitor::Emit::Perl5 classes could open the template file for the current class and then substitute values using sprintf() or the like. This would allow other back ends to merely inherit from Visitor::Emit::Perl5. They would then only need to re-write the various template files in order to act as an alternate back end. Much of the code used for the Perl5 implementation could then be re-used.
Anyway, I expect to take pictures and chat with a bunch of folks about .NET and perl6 at this shindig. I hope to see you there :)
Share this: Google
Twitter
Facebook
Dan Bylsma did a lot of different things last season. ©2015, Dan Hickling, Olean Times Herald
BUFFALO – In his season out of the NHL, Sabres coach Dan Bylsma occasionally got lost and took some time away from the game that had consumed his adult life.
He went fishing and hunting, an activity he could never enjoy, and spent more time with his family. There were, of course, hockey activities, too, like some guest coaching and analyst work.
But Bylsma, 45, mostly spent the year studying the league closely. With no job and strong aspirations to get back in the game this season, he developed a plan to return as a better coach.
“I started scouting every team in the league,” Bylsma said recently inside the First Niagara Center. “So I watched a lot of hockey games.”
It was widely assumed Bylsma, who planned to take last season off, would land another coaching gig whenever he wanted to return. The NHL recycles its coaches, and while some underachieving Penguins teams helped Bylsma lose some of his shine, Stanley Cup winners don't stay unemployed long.
Still, Bylsma, who was fired in June 2014, began the year with “a fair amount of trepidation.”
“You don't know if you're going to get another job,” he said. “You don't know.”
Bylsma's Pittsburgh contract ran through 2015-16. At one point, his wife, Mary Beth, said if he didn't work for two years, their son, Bryan, would be in 11th grade at his high school. She suggested perhaps her husband should look for work after Bryan graduated.
“Two years out of the game, I'll have to reintroduce myself,” Bylsma said. “So … it's fairly lonely sitting at home looking at the game from the outside. So, yes, there's definitely that trepidation.”
Bylsma tried to ease any fears by narrowing his focus.
“I noted a few teams I wanted to look at more extensively in terms of how they play and what they do in different areas of the game,” he said.
So Bylsma picked five coaches – he didn't reveal which ones – and examined their personnel use in different facets of the game.
“It really had nothing to do with what was going on on the ice other than the matchup, the players they put out there and what the other team was doing and where it was at,” he said.
Bylsma's name occasionally materialized in rumors, something that “kind of motivated me into being ready,” he said.
As the season progressed, he zeroed in on about seven teams he believed could have a coaching vacancy.
“Then I started looking at those seven teams and their rosters and their depth charts and their situations and prepared for that possibility,” Bylsma said.
At about that time, Bylsma visited an old teammate, current Sabres assistant coach Dan Lambert, who coached the Western Hockey League's Kelowna Rockets. The two had reconnected at a coach's clinic in 2014, and Lambert would occasionally call Bylsma when he had some questions.
Lambert asked him to fly out to British Columbia and spend four days with his junior club.
Earlier in the season, Bylsma spent some time in Rochester with the R.I.T. Tigers, an NCAA team coached by Wayne Wilson, an assistant during Bylsma's college days at Bowling Green.
“He probably could've moped around and did nothing,” Wilson said. “He was still very engaged in the game and involved. He didn't sit idle for a year, that's for sure.”
In Kelowna, Bylsma ran some practices and dissected the team.
“There wasn't a whole lot of sleep and there was a lot of conversation and communication,” Lambert said.
Lambert could sense Bylsma was anxious to get back into coaching.
“There's no doubt that he was excited to get back on the ice,” he said. “But I think he was excited. He's got such a passion for the game that certainly came out in those four days.”
Before Bylsma left to serve as an assistant coach with Team USA at the world championship in the spring, he contacted general manager Tim Murray about the Sabres' coaching vacancy. Bylsma, no doubt, had been studying the team. The two agreed to talk when Bylsma returned.
By May 28, Bylsma was the new coach.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Click here for 3am.co.uk's take on Simon Cowell backing the Conservatives
ITV chiefs are bracing themselves for a huge backlash after Britain's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell publicly backed the Tories.
The multi-millionaire used the pages of a downmarket right-wing newspaper to come out for David Cameron.
Cowell's decision provoked a storm of protest from BGT fans who blasted him for playing politics and backing a party who plan to slash and burn public services.
They accused him of "selling out" the fans who make his shows, the X Factor and Britain's Got Talent, such a success
Abigail Kirk, 25, from Somerset, said: "He's sold out the working class people who sit down to watch his shows every weekend.
Patricia Finn, from Leeds, said: "Simon Cowell has always said he wouldn't get involved in politics but he's gone against his word - and his viewers.
"He's desperate to be popular but this is a really bad call on his front. People will see through this as opportunism.
It also provoked a massive anti-Cowell campaign on Twitter.
One said: "What was it that attracted millionaire Simon Cowell to millionaire lovers, the Conservatives?"
Another said: "What a surprise, Cowell is backing the Tories. On the advice of his accountant, no doubt."
It is thought that Cowell, 50, was strong-armed into making the declaration after signing a megadeal with Rupert Murdoch's Fox TV in the US for X Factor.
"Simon got paid a lot of money by Murdoch," said an insider.
"There was a view that he owed them and such is Murdoch's desperation to get his boy Cameron into Downing Street that they forced Simon into it. It's backfired spectacularly for all concerned."
Now ITV bosses fear some viewers may boycott the Saturday night series which has been a ratings and advertising juggernaut.
One said: "There is a real concern that this will hit ratings. The golden rule of television is not to align yourself with one party or another. Not only does it turn off viewers, it turns off advertisers too."
Cameron had a meeting with Cowell last November in his parliamentary office after dining together the year before at Mayfair restaurant Cipriani.
After the last meeting, his spokeswoman furiously denied they were striking a deal, bleating: "This was a private meeting which was nothing to do with political alignment whatsoever and non-exclusive to the Conservatives. It was entirely charity related.
"Simon Cowell is not publicly aligned to any political party. Please do not draw him into these political issues."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Hunt: 'We have 6,000 avoidable deaths every year'
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said he is prepared to impose seven-day working on hospital doctors in England.
Mr Hunt said that a "Monday to Friday culture" in parts of the NHS had "tragic consequences" and said 6,000 people die each year because of this.
British Medical Association leader Dr Mark Porter said the union supported more seven-day working but accused Mr Hunt of being "too simplistic".
A September deadline has been set by Mr Hunt for a deal with the BMA.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BMA leader Dr Mark Porter asks for more details from the government
The current consultant contract means senior doctors can opt out of weekend work as long as it is non-emergency in nature - although they are still expected to be on call.
In a speech in London, Mr Hunt promised he was prepared to enforce changes if necessary by imposing a new contract on newly-appointed consultants.
It is part of the push to deliver a seven-day-a-week NHS in England.
Drive up standards
By ensuring all new consultants do not have the right to opt out, Mr Hunt believes over the course of the parliament he will gradually get enough senior doctors in place to drive up standards at weekends.
While he is within his powers to impose such a deal, the move threatens to sour relations with the medical profession - especially as a number of hospitals have already started altering rota patterns to create a more even spread of cover.
The BMA pulled out of talks last year amid concerns over workload.
Analysis
The 6,000 figures for the number of extra weekend deaths that was used by the government was from research that has yet to be published.
But there is already robust evidence showing that a weekend admission is linked to a higher chance of death, but what is still not obvious is what exactly causes this.
Research from three years ago published in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine showed 1.3% of people who are admitted to hospital die within 30 days.
Death rates were higher for weekend admissions - compared with admission on a Wednesday they were 16% higher for Sunday and 11% for Saturday.
But, crucially, it was not clear to what extent this was down to a lack of experienced staff.
Another factor could have been the fact that people with a greater severity of illness may be admitted at weekends because of a lack of services in the community for those at the end of life.
Although that in itself is another argument for seven-day services - across the whole NHS. Whether there is the money available for that is another matter.
Mr Hunt said: "The problem dates back to 2003 when the then government gave consultants the right to opt out of working at weekends - that's a right that nurses don't have, midwives don't have, paramedics, ambulance drivers and so on don't have and that has created a Monday to Friday culture in many parts of the NHS with tragic consequences for patients.
"And if you want the evidence it's very straightforward. We have around 6,000 avoidable deaths every year because if you are admitted to hospital on a Sunday you have a higher chance of dying than if you are admitted on a Wednesday."
He said it was "not a war against consultants" and that "many medical directors" and professional bodies "want that sense of vocation and professionalism brought back into the contract".
"We are not asking any doctor to work longer hours or unsafe hours... but there will be times where we do need that senior consultant cover at weekends."
He accused the BMA of being out of touch with its members and said he would not allow them to be a "roadblock" to reform, before warning: "Be in no doubt, if we can't negotiate, we are ready to impose a new contract."
His comments came just a month after he tried to entice GPs to move towards more seven-day working by promising to recruit extra staff to relieve the pressure on services.
Image copyright PA
The BMA has argued that to improve care at weekends you also need more support services such as diagnostics and pathology as well as care in the community to allow patients to be discharged.
"Today's announcement is nothing more than a wholesale attack on doctors to mask the fact that for two years the government has failed to outline any concrete proposals," said Dr Porter.
"How will he ensure there isn't a reduction in mid-week services or fewer doctors on wards Monday to Friday?"
The BMA has also released a survey of 2,000 adults which found two thirds did not believe the NHS could afford seven-day services.
But the Royal College of Emergency Medicine said it was pleased the health secretary was pushing ahead with seven-day services.
College president Cliff Mann said there was an "intrinsic unfairness" in the current system that meant in some specialities like his own doctors were already providing a seven-day service while other areas of the NHS were not.
The experiment's takeaway was this: When the perception of risk increases, the feeling of risk increases. This lesson is instructive in thinking about why some pockets of America are overreacting to the threat of Ebola.
The chances that Ebola will infect any given American is incredibly, incredibly small. There have been four infections in the United States since the first case was diagnosed here last month. On the Net, bad jokes abound about how low the chance of contracting Ebola is—jokes like "Americans are more likely to marry Rush Limbaugh than die of Ebola."
To our collective credit, the American people are thinking pretty calmly about the disease's threat. Just 24 percent of respondents to a recent Gallup Poll said they were worried about contracting Ebola. But for some communities who see themselves as being just a few degrees of separation away from Ebola, the threat has provoked panic. To extend the metaphor from the Michigan experiment, these communities are being sneezed on or are acting out of fear of being sneezed on.
Parents in Mississippi (a state that has not seen a case of Ebola) have pulled their children out of a middle school because the principal was recently in Africa. A school in Ohio closed for disinfection after Amber Vinson, a nurse who contracted the disease in Dallas, flew through Cleveland and made contact with a parent of a student. A Texas college has denied admission to students who come from Ebola-infected countries fearing they might bring the epidemic with them. Some conservative politicians are petitioning to close the southern border lest an Ebola-infected migrant stroll across it.
For these people, Ebola hits a psychological nerve, a base evolutionary reaction to recoil from the things that can cause us or our communities harm. And that reaction becomes stronger when the disease creeps closer. These psychological reactions happen on a gut level, and we aren't always aware they occur. It's important to recognize that even when the threat of Ebola seems to be growing closer to a community, it's probably further away than it appears.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Brian Resnick is a former staff correspondent at National Journal and a former producer of The Atlantic's National channel. Twitter
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family is facing their worst nightmare this Christmas as they watch their ‘princess' battle with a rare form of cancer.
Little Emily Duffy, 3, from Celbridge, Co Kildare, was diagnosed with stage 4 high-risk Neuroblastoma on November 2 this year, sending her whole family into “shock and disbelief”.
Her parents Gillian and Robert and devoted family and friends are hoping to raise over €300,000 to fund vital treatment in the US for Emily, reports Dublin Live .
A family friend, who is helping to raise the much-needed funds, told Dublin Live about the little girl and the challenges ahead.
Kellie Whelan said: “Emily was a healthy, happy, fun-loving child until six weeks ago when they got the devastating diagnosis."
Emily was diagnosed with a rare form of aggressive childhood cancer of the nervous system which effects 1 in 100,000 children in Ireland.
Kellie added: “Unfortunately the relapse rate for this type of cancer is 70%, so when Emily does recover, it's likely the cancer may come back.”
But she said that family and friends have rallied around Emily's parents, Gillian and Robert.
She continued: “They're a young family, Gillian and Robert have a 12-month-old baby boy Luke too so it's very hard for them.
“It was traumatising for the family to hear Emily's diagnosis. Emily just started creche and it was all very sudden.
“Emily showed no signs of being unwell in the lead up to her diagnosis and had been to her GP on three separate occasions for a fall she had and it was not detected during the visits.”
Kellie said the family are finding it hard to cope with the sudden diagnosis and everyone is trying their best to raise vital funds for her.
She added: “In the first 48 hours of fundraising we raised over €20,000, we received amazing support and are now over the €50,000 mark, we're all trying to give Emily the best chance at beating this.
“Emily is currently undergoing a two-year treatment plan in Our Lady's Hospital in Crumlin with the fantastic paediatric oncology consultant Dr Michael Capra, who has been amazing with the family since they found out.
“The staff of St John's Ward truly are amazing and do such a wonderful job, something that we can take for granted until it is on our own doorstep.
“The harsh reality is we are fundraising to try and raise over €300,000 as we may need to send Emily to the US to take part in a clinical trial treatment to prevent relapse.
“There are a number of other Irish children over in the US on a clinical trial called DFMO and we're hoping we can get Emily over too when the time comes.
“She has already started treatment in Crumlin, so far Emily has had four chemotherapy sessions all of which are different, one blood transfusion and will have her fifth chemotherapy session along with a mini assessment this week.
“Emily is only three and the treatment is very aggressive so you can only imagine how this feels for her parents to sit and watch feeling helpless.”
Kellie said that Emily only wears princess dresses and loves Disney's Frozen.
She added: “She loves everything princess, our friends got pink wristbands with 'A Princess Called Emily' printed on them to help raise awareness.
“It's very tough for the family going to visit her when she is in hospital suffering instead of seeing their active, happy three-year-old running around in her princess dresses.
"We really need all the help and support we can get on this journey and we would appreciate if everyone could like and share our gofundme ( https://www.gofundme.com/a-princess-called-emily ) and Facebook pages ( https://www.facebook.com/PrincessEmilyDuffy )
Recognizing that what Bill Maher said was bigoted and awful, I would like to know more about this from anyone who does know. In comments, Seth was nice enough to link these Times of London article:
Islamic law has been officially adopted in Britain, with sharia courts given powers to rule on Muslim civil cases.
The government has quietly sanctioned the powers for sharia judges to rule on cases ranging from divorce and financial disputes to those involving domestic violence. Rulings issued by a network of five sharia courts are enforceable with the full power of the judicial system, through the county courts or High Court.
Previously, the rulings of sharia courts in Britain could not be enforced, and depended on voluntary compliance among Muslims. It has now emerged that sharia courts with these powers have been set up in London, Birmingham, Bradford and Manchester with the network's headquarters in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. Two more courts are being planned for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Sheikh Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi, whose Muslim Arbitration Tribunal runs the courts, said he had taken advantage of a clause in the Arbitration Act 1996.
Some early results from 2008, which as Seth says, are not very reassuring:
Siddiqi said that in a recent inheritance dispute handled by the court in Nuneaton, the estate of a Midlands man was divided between three daughters and two sons. The judges on the panel gave the sons twice as much as the daughters, in accordance with sharia. Had the family gone to a normal British court, the daughters would have got equal amounts.
In the six cases of domestic violence, Siddiqi said the judges ordered the husbands to take anger management classes and mentoring from community elders. There was no further punishment. In each case, the women subsequently withdrew the complaints they had lodged with the police and the police stopped their investigations. Siddiqi said that in the domestic violence cases, the advantage was that marriages were saved and couples given a second chance.
Inayat Bunglawala, assistant secretary-general of the Muslim Council of Britain, said: "The MCB supports these tribunals. If the Jewish courts are allowed to flourish, so must the sharia ones."
Perhaps I'm missing something here, and I'm open to hearing about it. But at first glance, I don't really see the sense in this. Noting that they have a similar system for Jewish law doesn't make me feel any better. But again, maybe I'm missing something.
UPDATE: Closing thread. I think everything valuable has been said here.
UPDATE: In a statement provided to Ars Technica, Bohemia Interactive says the two employees who were arrested were on a holiday trip to Lemnos and "visited the island with the sole purpose of experiencing the island's beautiful surroundings."
"Since its establishment in 1999, Bohemia Interactive has created games based only upon publicly available information," the statement continues. "We always respect the law and we've never instructed anybody to violate the laws of any country. The same is true for Arma 3. Currently, all our effort goes towards supporting the guys over there, as well as their friends and families affected by this difficult situation. We sincerely hope that this is an unfortunate misunderstanding of their passion as artists and creators of virtual worlds."
ORIGINAL STORY:
Czech developer Bohemia Interactive has confirmed reports that two of its employees have been arrested by Greek authorities and charged with espionage while conducting research for the development of ArmA III.
The two unnamed developers, aged 28 and 33 according to a Greek News247 report, were arrested after reportedly photographing and filming a military base on the Greek Island of Lemnos, which serves as one of the settings for the upcoming tactical military simulator. The developers reportedly said the photos would be used to assist in enhancing the graphics and maps for the game.
Bohemia CEO Maruk Spanel confirmed the reports in a post on the official Bohemia forums, but said he couldn't discuss the matter further "until we know more specific details about the case." A Bohemia PR representative said the company had no further statements on the incident pending more "official and confirmed information," and directed inquiries to the Czech Embassy in Greece, which was not immediately available to comment.
VG247 reports that the pair could face 20 years in prison if convicted.
Bohemia's ArmA series is well-known for using real-world locations and map data to create lightly fictionalized locations such as the country of Chernarus. ArmA II recently received renewed attention after zombie-themed survival mod Day Z attracted over 1 million unique players, leading Bohemia to turn the mod into its own standalone release.
Venezuela signed oil production deals with India and a local corporation Friday totaling nearly $1.45 billion.
Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PDVSA), India's Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), and Venezuela's consortium Delta Finance BV — led by local Delta Petroleum — are set to increase oil production.
“I want to thank you for your confidence in our oil industry, your confidence in our country and to tell you that we are reliable partners to continue working, producing and to continue winning with these partnerships,” Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said to the partners Friday.
The agreement comes amid a severe economic crisis in Venezuela, and it is seen as a way to boost oil production, pay off debts, obtain funds from other foreign partners, and increase the country's oil income.
The Indo-Venezuelan partnership, created in 2009, is expected to double the San Cristobal field daily oil production from 20,000 to 40,000 barrels of oil.
Local Delta Petroleum also became a partner with PDVSA after buying Houston-based Harvest Natural Resources.
PDVSA plans to increase production at Petrodelta, which is now 40 percent owned by Delta Petroleum, from 40,000 barrels per day to 110,000.
Venezuela officials say agreements like these “signed by state oil companies are an unequivocal demonstration of their capacity and resources.”
President Trump announced Thursday the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate accord, in order to “protect America,” claiming that he puts “no other consideration before the well-being of American citizens.”
Citing unfair “advantages” the agreement would allegedly give China and other “leading polluters,” President Trump suggested that the Paris agreement is a “self-inflicted major economic wound” that hinders the U.S. economy.
ADVERTISEMENT
In reality, this withdrawal only perpetrates America's increasingly weak position on the international stage. Now that America has followed through on the departure from the Paris agreement, our leading economic rivals will quickly and efficiently cover the lapse in leadership that will inevitably form.
The renewable energy industry is predicted to reach a value of $6 trillion dollars over the coming decades, yet America's global lead in this industry will now likely be relinquished to China.
Contrary to Trump, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang vowed to work with the European Union to uphold the Paris agreement, emphasizing that “as a big developing nation, [China] should shoulder our international responsibility.”
Keqiang's focus and commitment to the issue of climate change is echoed by statements made by countless foreign officials, including India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and the newly-elected French president, Emmanuel Macron.
In fact, as America withdraws from the agreement, it joins only two other countries not signed-on: Nicaragua and Syria. Many domestic and international leaders have condemned President Trump's decision, which only adds to the tension accumulated over the past week by the Trump administration.
It also falls in line with reports of senior advisor and First Daughter Ivanka Trump's position on climate change, underscoring a serious failure on her part to convince her father to stay in the deal. The withdrawal highlights Ivanka Trump's inability to follow through on her promise to be a counterforce to her father in the White House.
Above all else, withdrawing from the Paris agreement provides zero net benefits in America. The decision is not part of a pro-growth economic agenda, does not create new jobs for even the most loyal of Trump's supporters and only creates a larger political schism within our nation.
Governors of New York, Washington and California have already established the United States Climate Alliance, an endeavor that is sure to gain traction with a total of 10 governors and 82 mayors having denounced President Trump's decision.
The president must begin working toward an agenda that allows him to hold up the promises he made to the American people without destroying America's stance on the global stage.
At home, our critical infrastructure needs are not receiving attention, our middle class is not receiving any tax relief and the contentious healthcare market, which is actively costing American households tens of thousands of dollars each year, is not being corrected. It is time for the Trump administration to stop ignoring the needs and concerns of the American people.
Douglas E. Schoen (@DouglasESchoen) served as a pollster for President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE . A longtime political consultant and pollster, he is also a Fox News contributor and the author of 11 books. His latest book is "Putin's Master Plan: To Destroy Europe, Divide NATO, and Restore Russian Power and Global Influence" (Encounter, 2016). It's available at Amazon.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
In April, it was Eyjafjallajökull. Now, there is a new threat from Iceland to European air travel: Grímsvötn.
Meltwater is currently gushing from a glacier above Iceland's most volatile volcano, suggesting significant sub-glacial seismic activity. On Monday geophysicists told reporters that the flood at the remote southeastern Vatnajökull glacier could be an indication that the Grímsvötn volcano underneath is about to erupt once again -- raising fears of a repeat of the immense ash clouds last spring which seriously disrupted both trans-Atlantic and European air travel.
So far, says Gunnar Gudmundson from the Icelandic Meteorological office, no underground tremors have been detected. Such tremors are often a reliable signal of an impending eruption. But scientists are monitoring the mountain closely for further tell-tale indications that it is about to blow its top.
The Grímsvötn volcano magma chamber lies buried under 650 feet of glacial ice and volcanic lakes. Movements of magma could be responsible for melting the ice above. Pressure then builds up under the ice until water is forced up to the surface of the glacier.
The resulting "glacial blasts" have been known to send huge clouds of ice, fine ash and dust into the skies. Grímsvötn last erupted in November 2004, spewing volcanic ash 40,000 feet into the atmosphere. The ash fell to earth as far away as Scandinavia and caused temporary disruption to local air travel.
Safe to Fly?
Now, there are concerns of a repeat. In April, much of Europe's airspace was closed for five days after ash from Iceland's Eyjafjallajökull volcano sparked safety concerns. Some 100,000 flights were ultimately cancelled across Europe with the airline industry losing some $1.7 billion in revenues according to an estimate by the International Air Travel Association.
Of particular concern was the fact that volcanic ash has been known to turn to molten glass in extreme temperatures such as those found inside plane turbines. Prior to the chaos seen in April, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) had been following a policy of "no tolerance" for any concentration of volcanic ash.
In April, however, plane manufacturers revised guidelines and gave assurances that moderate ash levels did not, after all, present a safety risk. Much of Europe's airspace was opened soon afterwards.
In September, a gathering called the "Atlantic Conference on Eyjafjallajökull and Aviation" was held in Iceland to address the impact of the eruption on air travel and identify steps to reduce impact during future eruptions. It was agreed that "extensive improvements" are needed in modelling, measurement and forecasting of the concentrations of volcanic ash, and that "much more research is required by engine manufacturers."
Concerns were also raised at the conference about airlines putting pressure on pilots to fly in uncertain conditions and the official report concluded that "the authorities should have the ultimate decision."
Just how authorities might respond should Grímsvötn erupt remains to be seen.
Image copyright AP Image caption David Daleiden, right, at a previous court hearing in Texas
Two anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded conversations with Planned Parenthood have each been charged with 15 felonies in California.
David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt filmed undercover videos of themselves trying to buy foetal tissue, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said.
The pair created a fictitious bio-research firm and used fake identities for meetings with the healthcare group.
Prosecutors say their actions invaded people's privacy.
"The right to privacy is a cornerstone of California's constitution, and a right that is foundational in a free democratic society," Mr Becerra said.
"We will not tolerate the criminal recording of confidential conversations."
Planned Parenthood is a non-profit group that provides reproductive health services to mostly lower-income Americans. Some of its clinics perform abortions.
According to the charges, Mr Daleiden and Ms Merritt engineered meetings with staff from Planned Parenthood and StemExpress, a California company that provides blood and tissue for medical research.
They allegedly taped people without consent 14 times between October 2013 and July 2015.
The pair face a charge for each individual secretly recorded, and a further count of criminal conspiracy to invade privacy.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Foetal tissue research has been legal in the US since President Ronald Reagan's administration
Mr Daleiden and Ms Merritt have already faced similar charges in Texas, which were ultimately dropped.
In an email to The Associated Press, Mr Daleiden called the charges against him "bogus" and said they were coming from "Planned Parenthood's political cronies".
Mr Daleiden's lawyer, Steve Cooley, said his client is "a martyr who's being crushed by the power of the State of California".
The Center for Medical Progress - the activists' anti-abortion group - caused a political uproar in 2015 when its heavily-edited videos accused Planned Parenthood of illegally selling aborted foetuses for a profit.
Planned Parenthood denied that, saying it is allowed to donate tissue to research firms for a procurement fee.
Human foetal tissue has been used in research since the 1930s, with current work focusing on diseases like AIDS and Parkinson's.
More than a dozen states investigated the profit claims, but found no evidence of illegal tissue harvesting or sales.
Image copyright AFP Image caption As well as abortion services Planned Parenthood provides cancer screenings, and STD testing and treatment
Last month, a judge in Texas blocked attempts to cut government funding to Planned Parenthood over the secret videos, saying the state had failed to provide evidence of wrongdoing.
"A secretly recorded video, fake names, a grand jury indictment, congressional investigations - these are the building blocks of a best-selling novel," the judge declared.
Planned Parenthood said this week: "As we have said from the beginning, and as more than a dozen different state investigations have made clear: Planned Parenthood has done nothing wrong, and the only people who broke the law are those behind the fraudulent tapes."
zecchini from the reign of [1] 50from the reign of Paolo Renier (1779–89), penultimate Doge of Venice . This denomination (on average) weighs 192.5 grams (6.19 ozt) and measures 76 millimetres (3.0 in).
The sequin (; Venetian and Italian: zecchino [dzekˈkiːno; tsek-]) is a gold coin weighing 3.5 grams (0.12 oz) of .986 gold, minted by the Republic of Venice from the 13th century onwards.
The design of the Venetian gold ducat, or zecchino, remained unchanged for over 500 years, from its introduction in 1284 to the takeover of Venice by Napoleon in 1797. No other coin design has ever been produced over such a long historical period.
The reverse bears a motto in Latin hexameter: Sit tibi, Christe, datus // quem tū regis, iste ducātus ("Christ, let this duchy that you rule be given to you").
Initially called "ducat" (ducato), for the ruling Doge of Venice who was prominently depicted on it, it was called the zecchino, after the Zecca (mint) of Venice, since 1543 when Venice began minting a silver coin also called a ducat. The name of the mint ultimately derives from Arabic: سكّة‎ (sikka), meaning a coin mould or die.
In some regions, in later centuries, this type of coins were stitched to women's clothing such as headdresses – this eventually led to the origin of the more modern word "sequins" to denote small shiny, circular decorations. Following the Venetian model, similar coins were used for centuries throughout the Mediterranean. After two hundred years of continuous zecchino production, the Byzantine Empire imitated with the basilikon. In 1478, the Ottoman Empire introduced a similar unit. In 1535, the Knights Hospitaller of Malta did so. The Ottoman and the Maltese coins were also gold.
Coin collectors often try to accumulate a complete set of zecchini of "all the Doges."
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
New technologies-- whether used for artistic or scientific ends--require new shapes to speak their attributes. Feminist writers too have long sought a narrative shape that can exist both inside and outside of patriarchal systems. Where like-minded theorists have tried to define a gender-specific dimension for art, Quantum Feminist Mnemotechnics demonstrates that feminist artists have already built and are happily inhabiting this new technological room of their own. This dissertation is an exploration of the architectural shapes of mnemonic systems in women's narratives in the new media (focusing on Shelley Jackson's Patchwork Girl, M.D. Coverley's Califia and Diana Reed Slattery's Glide and The Maze Game as exemplary models). Memory is key here, for, what gets stored or remembered has always been the domain of official histories, of the conqueror speaking his dominant cultural paradigm and body. I explore at length three spatial architectures of the new media: the matrix, to unfold and the knot.
Within quantum mechanics, the science of the body in motion, the intricacies of the interiorities of mnemonic time--no longer an arrow--are being realized in the (traditionally) feminized shape of the body of the matrix. This is the real time realm of cyberspace where the multiple trajectories of the virtual engender a new kind of looking: disorientation as an alternative to linear perspective. Where women have usually been objects to be looked at, hypermedia systems replace the gaze with the empowered look of the embodied browser in motion in archival space. Always in flux, the shape of time s transformation is a Möbius strip unfolding time into the dynamic space of the postmodern text, into to unfold. As quantum interference, to unfold is a gesture that is a sensory interval. In this in-between space, the transformance of the nomadic browser takes place; she performs the embodied knowledge acquired in her navigation of the world of the text. Quantum space in hypertexts is shaped as an irreducible knot, an entangled equation both in and out of space-time, spanning all dimensions as a node in a mnemonic system. Wanderlust is the engine driving the browser on her quest through the intricately knotted interplay of time and space in these electronic ecosystems. What the browser finds there is rapture--an emergent state of embodied transformation in the experiential realm. What she acquires is not mastery, but agency, and an aesthetic interval of her own.
Quantum Feminist Mnemotechnics: The Archival Text, Electronic Narrative & the Limits of Memory
Chapter 1. The Archive: Memory, Writing, Feminisms i. Mnemotechnics and Quantum Feminisms ii. The Arts of Memory: What Came Before iii. Writing As a Mnemonic Technology iv. Women s Writing and Feminisms
Chapter 2. The Matrix: Information Overload i. Temporal Perspectives on Information Culture ii. Feminist Dis/Orientations iii. Space-Time Architectures: The Aesthetics of Memory iv. Archival Structures and Fractal Subjectivities
Chapter 3. To Unfold: Immersion i. Unfoldings: Bodies of Memory ii. Transformance: The Body as Interface iii. Hierophanies and Choric Space
Chapter 4. The Knot: Disorientation i. Incrementals: Where Visual Time Meets Virtual Space ii. Knots in the Cosmos iii. The Tangled Trajectories of Nomadic Logic iv. Wanderlust
Chapter Five: Conclusion(s)
(Source: LABS: Leonardo ABstracts Service)
Tuesday, June 20, 2017
12:00 p.m.
SOUTH AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW/WAGT) -- The US Geological Survey is upgrading an earthquake felt across the area to a magnitude 3.2.
According to USGS, the epicenter of the earthquake was located 6 km (about 3.8 miles) southwest of downtown Augusta. It began in the vicinity of Killebrew Avenue and Woodward Avenue off Bungalow Road, near the intersection of Peach Orchard Road.
Dee Griffin with the Augusta Fire Department said many residents are reporting displaced furniture in their homes. The shaking motion triggered alarms in homes and businesses.
Augusta-Richmond County EMA reports, however, there were no reports of damages or injuries from this earthquake.
A scientist with the USGS said there is a possibility of aftershocks, and are cautioning that this could be a foreshock that could prelude to another earthquake. However, Augusta-Richmond County EMS says there is no indication that additional tremors will be experienced in the area.
Experts warn that you should avoid falling debris. If inside, get under a strong structure like a heavy desk. Duck and cover under something that is sturdy and not likely to collapse.
SOUTH AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW/WAGT) -- A magnitude 3.0 earthquake in South Augusta has been felt and heard across the area.
According to the United States Geological Survey, the earthquake happened around 11:14 a.m., with a depth of 14.9 km.
The earthquake was felt as far north as Edgefield and as far west as Thomson.
This is a developing story. Stay tuned for updates.
Here are the highlights of President Obama's formal addresses to Congress so far:
First, Congressman Joe Wilson Addison (Joe) Graves WilsonPollster says younger lawmakers more likely to respond to State of the Union on social media The State of the Union is obsolete Dem leaders avert censure vote against Steve King MORE (R-S.C.) screaming “You Lie!” at Obama's factual statement that health care reform would not apply to illegal immigrants during a fall 2009 address. Second, Justice Sam Alito mouthing the words “not true” as Obama tore into the Citizens United decision during the 2010 State of the Union.
ADVERTISEMENT
In neither of these speeches, nor in any of the others he has delivered inside the Capitol, did the President offer any bold policy announcements.
In this year's State of the Union, scheduled for February 12, the President opens a prime-time window of about 100 days to make significant headway on his second term agenda. At most the President has a year and a half before mid-term elections reduce him to a lame duck with no clout over a Congress defined by first-term GOP efforts to block his agenda.
Top White House aides tell me the President now has “clear-eyes” about Congressional politics. The President likes Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) but views him as a weak negotiating partner, unable to rein in the Tea Party faction of the GOP intent on blocking budget deals as well as gun control laws, immigration and education reform.
As a result the President continues to look at executive actions he can sign without Congressional action – such as recent orders on gun control. But that can only go so far. As the President stands to give this year's SOTU speech he knows he has to exert political power on Congress to act on legislation that would be central to his second term agenda and legacy.
That effort began with the inaugural address. The President played to the pitifully low public approval for Congress and especially House Republicans. He belittled self-serving politicians who “mistake absolutism for principle…spectacle for politics or treat name-calling as reasoned debate.” He challenged Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.), the House Budget Committee chair, by defending Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security and arguing entitlements do not create “a nation of takers,” but allow Americans to “take risks that make a nation great.”
The politically aggressive stance by the president led Speaker Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE to say last week that the President is intent on trying to “annihilate the Republican Party” and “shove us [House Republicans] into the dustbin of history.”
The Speaker is right. The president is now punching back at the House GOP.
On the Senate side, the president is also focused on minimizing the GOP's power to obstruct his agenda with filibusters. Filibusters by the Senate GOP have prevented the Democratic majority (now 55 votes strong, including the two independents who caucus with the Democrats) from passing laws with a simple majority.
“In my State of the Union last year, I urged Congress to take steps to fix the way they do business...” the president said last week in what sounded like a concession speech after the Senate voted only to make it easier to get a bill to a floor vote. “Too often over the past four years, a single Senator…has been able to unilaterally block or delay bipartisan legislation for the sole purpose of making a political point.”
Now the President will go outside Washington with campaign-style speeches – including the SOTU -- to pressure Congress to act on his legislative agenda.
The push starts this week with a speech in Nevada to discuss his plans for getting Congress to act on immigration reform.
Republicans appear to be falling in line for an immigration deal because of the political power displayed by the President in the last election when he won more than 70 percent of the Latino vote. Last week the President met with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus at the White House and asked them to turn up the political pressure for a deal.
One key sign of a shift in Republican attitudes on immigration was Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE's (R-Fla.) recent agreement to join a bipartisan group in the Senate negotiating a first draft of the new immigration law. Rubio is a Tea Party Republican who has long been opposed to the President's ideas for immigration reform.
The President will similarly apply public opinion against the Republicans on several other key legislative goals.
For example, Pew Research Center recently reported 70 percent of Americans say better schools needs to be a top priority for the president's second term. That fits the president's agenda. So, too, does 57 percent support for “dealing with the problems of the poor and needy.” There are major partisan splits. Republicans are far less likely to say protecting the environment is a priority. They are also far less likely to support gun control — only 22 percent of Republicans versus 56 percent of Democrats do so, according to the poll.
The numbers explain the President's plan to use public opinion as leverage over Congressional Republicans. In the SOTU, look for the President to call for expansion of the Pell grant program. And on poverty programs, look for the President to shift the GOP focus on deficit reductions to discussions of how seniors and the poor will be hurt by big cuts to entitlement programs such as Medicare.
President Obama knows that his second term agenda and by extension his political legacy urgently begin with this year's State of the Union.
Juan Williams is an author and political analyst for Fox News Channel.
An international team of researchers has sequenced the nearly complete genome of two Siberian woolly mammoths -- revealing the most complete picture to date -- including new information about the species' evolutionary history and the conditions that led to its mass extinction at the end of the Ice Age.
"This discovery means that recreating extinct species is a much more real possibility, one we could in theory realize within decades," says evolutionary geneticist Hendrik Poinar, director of the Ancient DNA Centre at McMaster University and a researcher at the Institute for Infectious Disease Research, the senior Canadian scientist on the project.
"With a complete genome and this kind of data, we can now begin to understand what made a mammoth -- when compared to an elephant -- and some of the underlying causes of their extinction which is an exceptionally difficult and complex puzzle to solve," he says.
While scientists have long argued that climate change and human hunting were major factors behind the mammoth's extinction, the new data suggests multiple factors were at play over their long evolutionary history.
Researchers from McMaster, Harvard Medical School, the Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm University and others produced high-quality genomes from specimens taken from the remains of two male woolly mammoths, which lived about 40,000 years apart.
One had lived in northeastern Siberia and is estimated to be nearly 45,000 years old. The other -believed to be from one of the last surviving mammoth populations -- lived approximately 4,300 years ago on Russia's Wrangel Island, located in the Arctic Ocean.
"We found that the genome from one of the world's last mammoths displayed low genetic variation and a signature consistent with inbreeding, likely due to the small number of mammoths that managed to survive on Wrangel Island during the last 5,000 years of the species' existence," says Love Dalén, an associate professor of Bioinformatics and Genetics at the Swedish Museum of Natural History.
Scientists used sophisticated technology to tease bits and pieces of highly fragmented DNA from the ancient specimens, which they then used to sequence the genomes. Through careful analysis, they determined the animal populations had suffered and recovered from a significant setback roughly 250,000 to 300,000 years ago. However, say researchers, another severe decline occurred in the final days of the Ice Age, marking the end.
"The dates on these current samples suggest that when Egyptians were building pyramids, there were still mammoths living on these islands," says Poinar. "Having this quality of data can help with our understanding of the evolutionary dynamics of elephants in general and possible efforts at de-extinction."
The latest research is the continuation of the pioneering work Poinar and his team began in 2006, when they first mapped a partial mammoth genome, using DNA extracted from carcasses found in permafrost in the Yukon and Siberia.
The study is published online in the Cell Press journal Current Biology.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
As a recent ESRB listing recently suggested, Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 will arrive on PlayStation 3 as a downloadable PlayStation 2 Classic, publisher Atlus has confirmed.
You'll be able to download the game from the PlayStation Network in North and South America on April 8 for $10. As a PlayStation 2 Classic, it is a straight port, and doesn't include improved graphics or extra features.
Persona 4, first released on the PS2 in 2009, is set in the fictional rural town of Inaba, and revolves around a group of teens struggling with the pains of growing up while simultaneously trying to unravel a supernatural murder mystery.
Atlus is also bringing Persona 5 to the United States in 2015, though so far it's only been announced for the PS3.
For more on Persona 4, check out our glowing review of the original release.
It went off the air in 1996. But The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is making a comeback! In the celebrity gossip pages, at least.
First, its theme song led to a school district lockdown.
Then, Will Smith rapped it during an appearance in England.
Now, the actress who originally portrayed Aunt Viv on the show has sent an especially nasty letter to Wendy Williams. We know: we didn't see this feud coming, either!
See, Williams had Tatyana Ali on as a guest last week.
And, for some reason, the talk show host decided to ask the actress ask why Janet Hubert left the sitcom over 20 years ago.
And, in response, Hubert fired off a scathing, hilarious letter to Williams, referencing her wig; her desire to be the next Oprah; and commitment to her race; and her private parts.
It's worth just running the letter in its entirety. Sit back and enjoy now:
Dear Wiggy, I'm sorry, Wendy,
Recently, you found the need to put an end to the mystery surrounding my departure from a show that I did so damn long ago that I don't even remember why I departed.
Wendy Williams, or whatever you are supposed to be, I'm not quite sure. I'm writing you yet again, to appeal to your sense of womanhood or manhood as some suggest. Please close your mouth about things that you know nothing of.
Now, I watched your show to see dear Tatyana Ali sadly to say, fall into your trap. She even brought pictures of our days on the show from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air. You know most people watch you just to see what heinous things your mouth will say compared to what an overflowing volcano will spew forth on that day.
Now perhaps other black women have allowed you to berate them and continued to support you in this manner of madness and rewarding hatefulness. It seems to become the norm and has taken over our society completely. But I, Janet Hubert, at there and watched you tell the world that I was not a nice mother. I'm thinking to myself, the only person who has the right to say that is my child. So I sat there and watched you like some devilish sinkhole swallow up Tatyana Ali. You reduced her to a child sitting their tempting to keep some symbolism of dignity about her as you pried and invaded her life until you got what you wanted.
You are such a demon Wendy. You are wicked, awful, conniving, sinister, spiteful, jealous of every other woman. Simply put, Wendy you are a virus. You are not nor have you ever been a true woman. It seems as though your audience thirsts for the blood of others, as they are prompted to clap and hoop and holler at your shows and wigs and clothes.
Girl you will have some stars on your show and demean them before they even make it back home. I just would like to know who died and told you that you were reborn as Oprah. You want to be Oprah so bad that you would kill for it and you will kill anyone to achieve success. Sister, you will never be another Oprah. Oprah lifted her audience up and exuded an air of class.
But you know what Wendy, you are not even in my league. It is so beneath me to even bother with someone like you, but you asked for it. Didn't anybody tell you to say my name on your show? You will not destroy all of the hard work that I went through for the last decade to clear my good name. I simply will not allow you to do so. I'm a lady and a real one. Wendy girlfriend you just messed with the wrong sista.
Now it's funny for all that you and the world claim that I've done, I should have my own show like you. Darling there is nothing that I could have ever done in this lifetime in my career that would equal the vulgarity and ugliness and hatred that you spew on your show in one single day.
So, here is my advice to you Wendy. I want to help you. Learn to sit in a chair and stop fidgeting with yourself on camera. Wipe your giant teeth off camera, and don't smear the spit on the chair. Please put some sweat pits under your arms, and darling if your sweater is pulling until there are lines across your chest, It's too tight. You might want to deflate this tremendous breast. Take off the fake blonde hair. You have to stop playing the race card because you are coming off like a want to be white girl who will never be white.
Now, I have never seen anything besides hogs slobber at the mere mention of food, so I question your humanism at times. I have never seen a display of such self-hatred.
Just a couple more suggestions for you, please would you stop dissing all of us who've embraced our natural hair as many others and I have? And yes Wendy natural hair does belong on the red carpet whether you like it or not.
I kind of feel sorry for you. You sit there on your big-footed tacky throne everyday while millions of people are laughing at you not with you. There is a big difference. Nobody cares about what you think about his or her lives. But we do care about what you put out there about us. My heart saddens that women, especially black women, have embraced her evil after all of our struggles in society. You and your kind have set us back a hundred years or so. How dare you chastise anyone when you are such a travesty?
Now take that, chew it my dear and stick it on your lord have mercy you are disgusting fly ridden gum wall. And that's the advice I have for you my sister.
Peace.
I've been hearing some buzz about whether House Speaker John A. Boehner, when he invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress, and the 47 Republican senators who wrote a letter to Iranian leaders violated the Logan Act. I'm not an expert on the subject, and don't have an expert opinion. But I thought I'd canvass some opinions from scholars who have focused on this question (which is quite separate, of course, from the question whether the speaker's and senators' actions were wise).
1. First, what's the Logan Act, you ask? Unusually for statutes (as opposed to judicially crafted doctrines, such as the Miranda rule), the Logan Act is named after the supposed bad guy: Dr. George Logan, a state legislator who traveled to France in 1798 to try to negotiate an end to the France-America Quasi-War. Congress didn't go for that, and enacted the statute that now appears at 18 U.S.C. § 953:
Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. This section shall not abridge the right of a citizen to apply, himself or his agent, to any foreign government or the agents thereof for redress of any injury which he may have sustained from such government or any of its agents or subjects.
(As it happens, a couple of years later Logan was appointed and then elected to the Senate, and apparently tried and failed to get the Logan Act repealed.)
2. So what does the Logan Act mean today, and is it even constitutional, given modern understandings of the First Amendment? A few reactions:
a. First, Prof. Steve Vladeck (American Univ.) has a post on the subject, which strikes me as likely correct on the law. Some excerpts:
[1.] [Under the Act,] the citizen must act “without authority of the United States.” Although most assume that means without authority of the Executive Branch, the Logan Act itself does not specify what this term means, and the State Department told Congress in 1975 that “Nothing in section 953 … would appear to restrict members of the Congress from engaging in discussions with foreign officials in pursuance of their legislative duties under the Constitution.” … Combined with the rule of lenity and the constitutional concerns identified below, it seems likely that … courts would interpret this provision to not apply to such official communications from Congress. [2.] It seems quite likely, as one district court suggested in passing in 1964, that the terms of the statute are both unconstitutionally vague and in any event unlikely to survive the far stricter standards contemporary courts place on such content-based restrictions on speech…. [3.] [T]he Logan Act has never been successfully used (indeed, the last indictment under the Act was in … 1803). Although most assume this is just a practical obstacle to a contemporary prosecution, it's worth reminding folks about “desuetude” — the legal doctrine pursuant to which statutes (especially criminal ones) may lapse if they are never enforced (interested readers should check out a fantastic 2006 student note on the subject in the Harvard Law Review). If ever there was a case in which desuetude could be a successful defense to a federal criminal prosecution, I have to think that this would be it.
b. Now let me turn to Prof. Michael Dorf (Cornell), though speaking not about this controversy but about the similar one in 2007, when then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi went to Syria to negotiate with Assad:
I'll just note four issues: 1) There is zero chance that Pelosi will actually be prosecuted. 2) In the hypothetical world in which she were prosecuted, she could claim: a) That as Speaker, she had “authority of the United States.” (This strikes me as a weak argument because in matters of diplomatic relations, the executive branch is the relevant authority.) b) Her intent was to influence Syria's conduct with respect to Israel, not the United States. (This strikes me as a good argument, because it appears to be true. Her trip was pre-blessed by Israeli PM Olmert. The Administration might claim that Pelosi's trip nonetheless was aimed to “defeat the measures of the United States,” namely the measures aimed at isolating Syria, but could Pelosi be shown to have had the “intent” to do so? Perhaps. Her aim was in part to engage Syria, as recommended by the Hamilton/Baker report, which does sound like the opposite of isolating Syria.) c) She was on a fact-finding mission. (Pelosi has said as much, and members of Congress are, as I noted in my last entry on this subject, entitled to go on fact-finding missions without the President's blessing. But if she was on a fact-finding mission that also included violations of the Logan Act, she would still be guilty.) 3) As the Speaker and others have noted, Republican members of Congress have also been to Syria, including this past week, without incurring the wrath of the Administration. One could, in theory, interpret the Administration's silence with respect to these other freelancers as amounting to a delegation of “authority” to them to conduct foreign policy, but that would be a strained reading of the statute in the interest of sustaining a selective prosecution. If it undermines official efforts of the U.S. to isolate Syria for a Democratic member of Congress to meet with Bashar Assad, then a meeting with a Repubican member of Congress has the same effect. There may be circumstances in which a President could legitimately authorize a member of his own party in Congress to conduct diplomacy on his behalf while withholding such authority from other members of Congress, but if that is to justify selective prosecution under the Logan Act, one would think that the authorization would have to come before the diplomacy. 4) Because no one has ever been convicted of violating the Logan Act, and no indictments have even issued in the last 200 years, any inferences about its meaning are necessarily speculative. See point 1 above.
c. Finally, Prof. Marty Lederman (Georgetown):
[S]uch communications by legislators with foreign officials — including communications with our adversaries, and sometimes expressing views contrary to those of the Executive branch — are nothing new. It's been going on in full force since at least the beginning of the 20th Century. See Detlev Vagts's very interesting 1966 account of the history of the Logan Act in 60 AMJIL 268, 275f. for some prominent examples. If Pelosi is acting unlawfully or inappropriately, she has plenty of company…. The prohibition of [the Logan Act], read literally, has been constantly violated since its enactment, as Vagts and others recount. (Indeed, it would appear even to prohibit, e.g., attorneys in the U.S. from representing foreign nations in U.S. litigation.) Yet only one indictment was ever brought — in 1802, when a Kentucky farmer wrote a newspaper article advocating that the western part of the U.S. form a new nation allied to France, and a zealous United States attorney (John Marshall's brother-in-law!) procured an indictment. Not surprisingly, the case went nowhere. And that's the history of the Logan Act. As Lou Fisher has written, “if ever there is a dead letter in the law, it is the Logan Act and the stilted thinking that inspired it.” Does the Logan Act apply to members of Congress? Vagts says yes, on a literal reading, 60 AMJIL at 290, although the “without authority of the United States” condition certainly would make it an interesting question, in the unlikely event the statute were ever invoked. Does the Logan Act raise First Amendment questions as applied to private parties? Vagts again suggests it does. I'm not so sure — at least as to one-on-one private negotiations overseas. But again — it doesn't matter, because the statute has (appropriately) lapsed into desuetude. What about the constitutional question of the permissibility of a member of the Congress engaging in diplomatic discussions with a foreign nation? Frankly, it troubles me — or it would do so if Pelosi were purporting to speak on behalf of the United States. Congress may, by statute, dictate the foreign policy of the United States. (By the way, that's a fine excuse to note the most important constitutional development of the week: As great and significant as the Court's analysis on Article III standing was in Monday's landmark Massachusetts v. EPA decision, the sentence in Stevens's opinion that might have the most important long-term impact was this one: “[W]hile the President has broad authority in foreign affairs, that authority does not extend to the refusal to execute domestic laws.”) Nevertheless, perhaps it's the OLC lawyer in me, but I think there's much to be said for the notion that insofar as actual U.S. communications with the outside world are concerned, the President is to be (in Marshall's famous words) the “sole organ” by which U.S. policy is conveyed (consistent, again, with statutory direction). More broadly, as far as official U.S. execution of the law is concerned, Congress and its members and/or agents can have no role, once the process of bicameralism and presentment is completed. Or so say Chadha, Bowhser, WMATA, Buckley, etc., anyway. For me, then, it would be important to know in what capacity Pelosi was purporting to speak. If she were “only” conveying the views of the opposition party — or of a prominent private person — and not purporting to speak for the U.S., then I don't think there'd be much of a constitutional problem, however imprudent or inadvisable her actions might arguably have been. Again, I assume that State Department officials were with her, and that to the extent her views were inconsistent with the official U.S. views, that would have been made known to Syria in no uncertain terms. If that's the case, I think the problems, if any, are not constitutional. But if Pelosi — or any of the other numerous congressional officials who have long engaged in diplomacy with foreign nations — purported to be speaking on behalf of the Nation, it would raise constitutional questions.
In any event, I thought some of our readers would find these items interesting.
