‘Mr. Suicide'
Word Horde; 218 pgs., $14.99
There are many auguries that point to this moment as a time to appreciate the developing voice of Louisville writer Nicole Cushing.
First of all, there's the unfortunate coincidence that Cushing's upcoming appearance at Carmichael's occurs so soon after the loss of E.L. Doctorow — a major figure in the world of letters who understood much about its demands and risks. One of his most revealing quotes is, “Writers are not just people who sit down and write. They hazard themselves. Every time you compose a book your composition of yourself is at stake.”
This can certainly be applied to Cushing, whose themes apply a thin veil indeed to matters of challenged identity and moral responsibility. Cushing's style, however, is often nothing short of outlandish. Her points of view refuse to look away from the sticky, icky messes of the spirit, the mind … and, yes, even visceral gore. This puts her into an interesting variety of companies. Her horror stories often suggest a next-generation version of the 1980s Splatterpunks. Her surreal side is unafraid to draw further back: from Kafka and inspirations even earlier, but brought to today with a surprisingly easy (often confessional) voice.
Advertisement
The full range of Cushing's voice might be best seen in “The Mirrors” — a collection from Cycatrix Press coming back from the printer right now. That particular volume may not make it to the shelves in time for her July 30 Carmichael's signing. But what's sure to be there is “Mr. Suicide” — a challenging narrative chockfull of self-debasement and transgressive confrontations. It might not be surprising that the protagonist is introduced as a teen with mental troubles and no safety net — but this fast-flowing short novel pitches a ready intimacy with the reader by its being written in second person.
Cushing's novel takes place in Louisville, but the violence and sex (and all sorts of combinations) that erupt are rooted in dimensions of the mind — along with the possibility of something supernatural. This is akin to the social-satire-meets-cosmic-horror of Thomas Ligotti, which is enjoying a re-appreciation after it was one inspiration for the celebrated first season of TV's “True Detective.” It's easy to miss the humor here — and the serious look at the cracked lens of an adolescence under pressure — because the shocks get loud.
There are risks aplenty in what Cushing's trying to do. Second-person narrative always risks being considered a mere novelty (“Bright Lights, Big City” and the occasional stretch of Faulkner notwithstanding). And frequent returning to self-directed threats (and, occasionally, to the safety of genre-exercise plots) might distract the development of a unique voice. But Cushing keeps venturing out where she might turn readers on or off — and that's the sort of creative bravery that's earned her a nomination for last year's Shirley Jackson Award (for the novella “Children of No One”) and is likely to get further formal recognition in short order.
Cushing obviously will not have universal appeal — the taboos that are snapped and tossed aside pile up faster than cordwood. But a segment of daring readers should and will come, because this is good work — and Doctorow would understand the appeal. His can be the last word: “We're always attracted to the edges of what we are, out by the edges where it's a little raw and nervy.”
We don't have a release date yet for the fourth season of Game of Thrones, although we can expect it to arrive around the end of March. Production on the season, however, is winding down, so we know at this point who the new cast members will be, and there are a ton of them. Granted, many of them will be in small roles that we may not see more than in a scene or two, but it's never too early to get to know them. As usual, there are a couple of porn stars being added to the cast (you can kind of tell which ones those are from the images), so you can definitely expect more sex scenes with random characters in the fourth season. Book readers, I'm sure, will know who most of the named characters are, but for the rest of us, we'll just have to settle for imagining the pictured actors in Westeros garb.
Anyway, in order to tide you over until the heavy fourth season promotional tour, here's a look at the new cast members and the actors who will play them.
Pedro Pascal as Prince Oberyn Martell, known as the “Red Viper of Dorne.”
Octavia Alexandru in an Unknown role.
Brenock O'Connor in an Unknown role
Mark Gatiss as Tycho Nestoris
Indira Varma as Ellaria Sand
Roger Ashton-Griffiths as Lord Mace Tyrell (the “Fat Flower”)
Joseph Gatt in an Unknown role.
Trixiebelle Harrowell as Farmer's daughter.
Elizabeth Webster as Fat Walda Frey
Lu Corfield as Mole's Town madam
Rupert Vansittart as Lord Yohn Royce, known as “Bronze Yohn.”
Gabrielle Dempsey as Innkeeper's daughter.
Jane McGrath in an Unknown Role.
Paola Dionisotti as Lady Anya Waynwood
Alisdair Simpson as Ser Donnel Waynwood, the Knight of the Gate.
(via)
Daniel Rabin as Lord Blackmont.
(via)
Deirdre Monaghan as Morag
(via)
Aeryn Walker as Craster's wife
(image via)
Sarine Sofair as Lhara.
Samantha Bentley in an Unknown Role
Anoushka Kellett in an Unknown Role
(image via)
Jessica Jensen in an Unknown Role.
(image via)
Joel Fry as Hizdahr zo Loraq
Struan Rodger as the Three-eyed raven.
Yuri Kolokolnikov as Styr, the Magnar of Thenn
Michiel Huisman as Daario Naharis (Recast)
Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson as Ser Gregor Clegane (Recast)
L-R: Mt. Fiji, David McLane, and Matilda the Hun.
David McLane had nothing to do with the writing or producing of Netflix's GLOW, but without him, there's a good chance Netflix's well-received summer comedy would have never existed. Three decades ago, the longtime wrestling promoter and announcer created the weekly, low-budget syndicated TV show on which Netflix's fictional universe is loosely based. Dubbed GLOW: Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling, McLane's brainchild featured many of the elements familiar to viewers of the Netflix series: over-the-top story lines, cartoonish characters and, yes, really bad rapping. McClane even made regular appearances on the show, playing a (slightly) exaggerated version of himself. He left GLOW halfway through its four-year 1986–1990 run, selling his stake in the concept and moving on to other things, including another female wrestling promotion still in production (WOW: Women of Wrestling). Because of that breakup, McLane won't make a dime from the Netflix comedy; he wasn't even consulted by the new show's producers. But as Vulture discovered when we caught up with McClane recently via telephone, he still has plenty of colorful memories about the birth of the Reagan-era GLOW, a few regrets about its 1980s ethnic stereotyping, and some candid opinions about what the Netflix series got wrong and right.
So one thing the Netflix series doesn't explore is exactly how the idea of doing a TV show about women wrestlers was born. Do you remember the genesis of GLOW — how did the idea come to you?
I remember it specifically. I was the announcer for Dick the Bruiser's World Wrestling Association. We had a live show in Indianapolis, Indiana, at the north side Tyndall Armory at 711 North Pennsylvania [Street] – that's how good I can remember that. Typically we would always put the perceived worst match before the main event. So the women's match would typically precede the main event, if there were a women's match on the show. That evening there was [one], because my boss, Mr. Bruiser, was in the main event and he wanted to make sure he shined for the night and left the greatest impression on the sold-out house. We had two women in the ring: Princess Jasmine vs. Candi Devine. The match was going swimmingly, and I recognized that the fans were really getting into it. When it ended, I jumped in the ring and told the girls to go to the outside and cause some commotion. I told [Candi] to pick up a bottle of water – it was a pretty big one – next to my table and… throw it in Jasmine's face. Jasmine was soaking wet with water, and the crowd just went wild. They preceded to wrestle, and that was the very first time in the history of my life I was yelling, “Security! Security!” The crowd was hysterical. I asked the crowd, “How would you like to see these two girls wrestle in a rematch?” [They] went wild. Then I yelled, “How about we put them in a steel cage? Two women in a steel cage for the first time in the history of wrestling!” The crowd went even more wild.
I went downstairs into the locker room with my chest beating and told the Bruiser, “Did you hear that crowd? We've got two girl wrestlers that are going to debut in the cage match in the next show!” He said, “Are you fucking stupid? First of all, no one is ever going to pay to see women wrestle. Secondly, you idiot, why would you build that match up when I'm on next? You screwed everything up!” That was the seed right then. When he was chewing me out, I said, “Shit, not pay to see women's wrestling? This crowd will pay $25 to see them.”
Take me back to the process of getting a show such as GLOW on TV in the 1980s. You were on during the heyday of local TV syndication, when it was much easier for small, independent players to get national exposure. How did the series end up on TV?
Back in those days, there was a bevy of independent television stations — and they really were independent television stations — in each market. Cable TV only penetrated in maybe 1985. To start GLOW, we had to take it to [the TV industry syndication trade show] NATPE, and I just didn't know how difficult it was going to be. That's when I met INI [Independent Network Incorporated], the distributor, who introduced me to [GLOW co-owner Meshulam] Riklis and [Matt] Cimber. They helped me get to NATPE.
NATPE is basically where producers like yourself pitched and sold TV shows to local stations. It was like this carnival of crazy ideas. What was the first NATPE for GLOW like?
We had a booth there [where we] built a ring. We took down Tammy Jones, Americana, Matilda the Hun, and Hollywood, and put them in the ring. It was wild. Geraldo Rivera, the Saved by the Bell crew — we had every celebrity in there and meeting the GLOW girls at the NATPE show. We were successful in NATPE at closing 30-plus stations. They literally went into a room and signed the contract right then for the show. Out of the 300 and some shows that would [go to NATPE], not more than probably 10 or 12 shows in total would get enough [to air in the fall]. It was amazing. I was so naïve about the hurdles that would be thrown at us to get on TV. [But] we hit it. Then, during that summer of '86, we revved up the PR machine and I was able to get an introduction to Jackie Stallone, Sylvester's mom. After I met with her and she agreed to come onboard, it was like gold. We instantly hit all the media outlets with press. We cleared another 30 or 40 stations — and that was it, we were up and rolling.
Matilda the Hun and McLane.
You did the auditions for GLOW in Los Angeles, but — unlike the Netflix series — the show was actually taped in Las Vegas, at the old Riviera Hotel. Did that make a difference in how the show evolved?
It fundamentally changed the entire dynamic of the show, to the extent that it provided a platform to make it seem bigger than professional wrestling. Wrestling was run in arenas across the country. And WWE [then WWF] lighting and production at that time was still, no pun intended, in the dark. They weren't elevated with lighting and production until Dick Ebersol got involved, and they did the Saturday-night main event [for NBC]. So their syndicated programming was still shot in the dark arenas. We came out and were from Las Vegas, Nevada. And with the pyro going off, and the GLOW sign, and the antics of the casino as our backdrop — it gave the show an entertainment feel that wrestling didn't have.
You've seen the Netflix show. Do you think Chris Lowell's character — the young rich-kid producer, Sebastian — is supposed to be based on you? Or do you see more of yourself in Marc Maron's director character?
It's probably a bit of the producer.
Did they mostly get you and your relationship with Matt Cimber, the actual director behind the show, right?
They created a more colorful character. [But] they nailed it where they mentioned Cimber's story lines being so difficult to understand. It was like reading Macbeth, versus keeping it simple. If you've got the Russian, and if you've got the Pocahontas, the Indian girl, and you've the American girl, it's good versus evil. Keep the stories simple. He brought the comedy element to the show that I wasn't going to bring to the show. I brought the wrestling knowledge to the show that he didn't know. They have that meeting between Marc and the producer in the show, and [Maron] acquiesces to the producer and says, “We're going to do it your way.” That is when GLOW popped.
Anything the producers got really wrong, in your mind?
There was no cocaine going on when I was there. Remember, I left GLOW after the first two seasons of taping. But when they had Maron doing cocaine, that wasn't accurate. Cimber's habit was going down to the casino and gambling, not doing drugs.
GLOW dealt with things in a way that a lot of people today would see as problematic. It dealt in broad stereotypes. I know it was a different time then, but do you look back on those days and say, “Wow, maybe we went a little too far”? Or would you go the mat as it were and defend it, saying, “That's what we did, and I have no regrets”?
As the company became more successful, Cimber and the writers were left alone to create more of the matches while I was out doing the business. To answer your question, I would have turned the clock back on several of the characters and plotlines. There was one where Matilda the Hun came in with a German flag and wrestled a girl. She had a Nazi symbol on her. I went ballistic, because there was no way in hell we [were] going to put that on. It got on the tape but it didn't make it very far in the distribution chain because stations saw it and had it cut out.
In terms of dialing the clock back with some of the stereotypes? Yes, I saw it then and wanted to. But the wheel was rolling at such a fast pace that there were some things I couldn't keep a finger on.
What about the very obvious way you guys played up the sex appeal aspect of your wrestlers? They were dressed in a way which, today, some would maybe say hypersexualized them.
The focus wasn't as much on their athletic abilities.
Maybe because I looked at it through a 25-year-old kid's eyes, I did not see the costumes that we were putting the talent in as overly sexual or exploiting sex really at all. The climate of the '80s was the Jane Fonda, high hip leotard. That was the time then. If you look at it, every girl had the big hair and the leotard that went straight up their butt. It's funny, things were looser back then. Today, I look at our costumes [on WOW] and I think, “Wow, we don't have any costumes that go up girls' rear ends.” I just didn't see it.
Off camera, were the women always treated with respect?
I think it's indicative that when I left the company the majority of the talent left with me. I didn't agree with the culture of how the director treated the talent. There was an article in the Las Vegas Review-Journal last [month] with one of the wrestlers, Godiva, who came in after I had left the company. She had noted in the interview how the director Cimber would tell her she was fat, fat, fat and degrade her. She said it hurt her feelings, and it still hurts her feelings. She's still taken back by such insults. [But] she's a friend of the director to this day.
There were things that I would have dialed [down] back then, and in terms of the treatment and portrayal of some of the talent. I think a lot of that is from after I left the company.
It constantly got worse. When I was there, I treated the talent with the utmost respect. I thought they were the foundation of the company. That's why Laurie Thompson — who played Susie Spirit, the cheerleader — to this day is my attorney.
You're not officially involved with the Netflix production at all. Did you at least talk to any of the writers or producers?
Not been involved at all. I'm going to invite them out for a cocktail. They got the beginning stuff spot on, and I'd love to find out how the writers did that so well. Bravo to them.
So a decade after GLOW ended, you launched another women's wrestling franchise, WOW. It only lasted a year, but you brought it back a few years ago via YouTube, and you now have a deal with MGM and Mark Burnett to expand the brand on TV. How is that going?
I think my vision is going to finally be realized with the partners like Jeanie Buss of the Los Angeles Lakers as my partner and owner in the League, and MGM and Mark Burnett now engaged. I think women's wrestling is once again going to change the status quo and elevate the medium and context in which fans of wrestling see wrestling.
Any chance you might try to put the original episodes of GLOW back on TV somehow? I know several episodes are on YouTube.
The shows that are seen on YouTube were taken primarily by fans who recorded an episode on [videotape] and then uploaded them. The original tapes of GLOW were never properly taken care of. The current owner of GLOW doesn't have many of the original tapes.
Do you have the originals?
I can't answer that. I sold the company. [Laughter.]
Additional Images
Comments About This Cereal
What do you think of Neopets Islandberry Crunch?
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
Cereal Rating (out of 5):
(out of 5) View all 11 comments for this cereal.ByStill remember it tasted great. Was in my store for less than a year.Comment submitted: 7/31/2018 (#23319)ByLiterally the best cereal I've tasted even 10+ years after expiry.Comment submitted: 4/9/2018 (#22906)ByI found this cereal on ebay today and realized I could not consume it, because it was 8 years old. That makes me very sad. I dream of this cereal. I dream of thinking about Neopets all throughout breakfast. Bring this back. I will picket outside General Mills for it.Comment submitted: 7/23/2014 (#17396)ByThis is the single greatest cereal that I have ever had the momentous pleasure to consume. It is not only a childhood staple, but my computer background, and a fond, everlasting memory. I would do anything to see it back on my local grocery store's shelves, or any grocery store, for that matter. I would traverse the globe for this cereal. There is no mountain either high, or valley too low, or river too wide so that it would stand between me and Neopets Islandberry Crunch. Bring my baby back to me.Comment submitted: 3/4/2014 (#16261)ByI remember the heyday of Neopets starting with the McDonald's Plushies and the cards. Then by Christmas, me and my sister got our first Neopets Official Magazine and then later on we got this!! By that time, it was my FAVORITE cereal ever only because I was eating what my Neopets were eating. It felt so cool. I just loved it and wished the Neopets Team brought back this fantastic cereal. Would surely bring back a lot of memories for me.Comment submitted: 7/23/2013 (#12914)ByIt was a typical kid's cereal, nothing all that special about it. It was fun to pretend you were actually eating berries from Mystery Island but I think the flavor could've been better. It wasn't bad and wasn't all that good. I do kind of wish there would be some more neopets themed foods though because I really do enjoy the web site and I thought it was fun to try out.Comment submitted: 11/19/2012 (#9970)ByI loved this cereal! It was my absolute favorite! I really wish they would bring it back:(Comment submitted: 9/21/2012 (#9191) ByWe bought it once and my brother and I fought over the card... Awesome cereal though. I miss it.Comment submitted: 1/25/2012 (#6285)ByIt was so addictive. I still crave it.Comment submitted: 9/28/2011 (#5371)ByThis was my favorite cereal when I was younger.Comment submitted: 3/4/2011 (#4049) View all 11 comments for this cereal.
Every morning on the pavement just outside our house in Saigon's District 1 a vendor arranged eight tiny plastic stools around a makeshift cooker. There, from about 630 until 10 in the morning, she served order after order of op la (fried eggs cooked with various sausages).
Back then Dave worked a different sort of job, one that required a shirt and tie and his presence at an office from an early hour, so we didn't partake often. But when we did, we marveled at the perfectection of her sunny-side-up eggs: lightly crispy on the bottom, whites just past the point of jiggly, and yolks runny enough to generously stain the baguette we ate alongside.
After we left Saigon in 2005 that op la served as our fried eggs gold standard -- until, on this last trip back, we were introduced to the op la at Hoa Ma Quan.
This 40-year-old establishment occupies a typically long, narrow corner shop in District 3. Tables overflow its small space onto the alley outside. And on Saturdays and Sundays and before office hours on weekdays, they're filled with folks digging into op la.
Hoa Ma Quan opened as a banh mi shop (we'll have more to say on that specialty later). The proprietress, who moved with her family from Hanoi, can still be found behind the counter taking money and making change while her daughters split and stuff baguettes.
At Hoa Ma Quan they do things the old-fashioned way, which means that most banh mi and op la ingredients -- mayonnaise, pate, and many of the sausages -- are made in house. Baguettes are kept warm in an oven heated with charcoal.
All of this attention to detail makes for an op la that is a cut above the average.
Think Western-style bacon and eggs given a twist and a leg up courtesy of Vietnamese culinary ingenuity.The eggs arrive in individual pans, yolks done just so and bottoms browned and crackly. Nestled in the egg whites are slices of pork sausage and a few chunks of a bacon-ish meat that, unlike many lesser pork products, really taste of the pig. Triangles of chewy gluten browned in pork fat add an intriguing textural dimension.
The op la is served with a plate of sliced tomatoes and cucumbers and a bit of bracing carrot pickle. And, of course, a big warm, crusty baguette.
There's only one way to improve upon Hoa Ma Quan's op la, and that is to order it with a side of pate (smooth, mild, and very porky) and mayonnaise (impossibly rich and eggy). We allternated bites of egg and sausage and baguette dipped in runny yolk with bits of bread spread smeared with pate and freshly made mayonnaise. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.
A couple of weeks ago, this was my birthday breakfast. And I couldn't help but imagine that starting the day with pate must be an auspicious way to start a new year.
Hoa Ma Quan, 53 Cao Thang, District 3. 6am-12pm (officially -- they close up shop when the run out of supplies, which can be as early as 1030am).
The West Africa Ebola outbreak is fast becoming a disease of mass destruction. A recently issued projection from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) forecasts the worst case scenario of 1.4 million cases of Ebola by late January if the disease transmission cycle isn't broken soon. The disease may become so widespread that it may become permanently entrenched and spread elsewhere.
The lagging response in West Africa is laying bare the failure of the world's health preparedness system. Countries aren't simply prepared to fight complex disease wars that straddle multiple national borders.
President Obama's emergency package that sends 3,000 military personnel and 1,700 beds brings badly needed help, but that aid could take weeks to arrive. A further problem is that intervention is slated primarily for Liberia, leaving out Sierra Leone and Guinea. Lopsided U.S. aid on the Liberia side could trigger two unintended consequences: the acceleration of the epidemic in Sierra Leone and Guinea, which in turn could trigger mass migrations of their people clamoring for care at the U.S. hospitals.
In spite of the U.S. commitment, other countries have yet to commit comparable aid to the other two countries or even to the response at large. The UN is stepping in to bolster the response, but the UN and its health agency, the World Health Organization, are hampered by their lack of ability to render direct medical treatment to patients. The battles along the medical front lines are being borne by non-government organizations such as Doctors Without Borders, taking over for the decimated ranks of local health workers. All are besieged by the extent and intensity of the struggle, and if CDC's ominous scenarios were to be realized, even American aid may not be enough to contain the spread.
To confront Ebola and future waves of “flashdemics” — high velocity, high lethality outbreaks — a new intervention strategy is needed: The creation of an international medical ground force that can be immediately dispatched to stricken zones, endowed with authority to enter countries unimpeded and begin operations. This rapid response unit can quickly and directly treat the ill, humanely care for the dying, and prevents spread to the vulnerable. This unit would implement strategies worked out in advance from a response playbook with pre-determined roles for responders.
A medical reserve force could terminate nascent outbreaks quickly and spare further cost in lives and resources. A stricken country can then recover and rebuild from the emergency response to strengthen its health system against future threats. A coalition of countries, especially those with advanced health systems, could create a force in short order by contributing teams from existing agencies.
However, this kind of badly needed at-the-ready, direct intervention capacity, at a national or regional scale, does not currently exist. International aid organizations are spread out over many regions and are focused on delivering long term aid, not emergency flashpoint response. The largest national donors, prominently the U.S., conduct health aid programs with favored nations, but run relatively few operations in countries whose politics are hostile to the west.
Unpreparedness has left impoverished countries vulnerable to outbreaks that could readily leapfrog worldwide. To counter the potency of Ebola and other powerful diseases, a new health defense strategy is needed that brings immediate, concerted interventions across whole regions. Waiting for individual governments to act alone is simply too risky. Creating a new global health emergency corps should be a top priority for world leaders.
Jack C. Chow is a former assistant director-general at the World Health Organization on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria (2003-2005), and former U.S. ambassador on global health and HIV/AIDS (2001-2003). He is presently a professor of global health at Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College for Public Policy, and is based in Washington DC.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Quote: maxmercy Originally Posted by Andy,
I use a Denon DN-AV500 (no individual analog channel input for center channel) as a pre/pro, with a minidsp on the back end managing two subwoofer clusters.
I am planning to use a Dirac Live enabled nanoAVR before it, so I won't have an EQ'ed LCR when I measure for MSO (in fact, I'll only be measuring with a loopback through the individual speaker amps most likely).
Can I use MSO for the sub out only for optimal delay/gains and maybe a few PEQ cuts without having to measure a sattelite/main (LCR) channel, so that I can measure/setup with Dirac afterward? Dirac will likely correct the center channel affecting the response, which MSO would not have been privy to before running DL.
Quote: maxmercy Originally Posted by Thanks for such a great piece of software, is there a place we can donate to in order to further fund development?
MSO will give an error message if an optimization is attempted with no mains measurements defined. In optimizing the frequency response flatness, it first calculates the reference level by taking the average in dB over frequency of the combined mains/subs response at each listening position and for each (of potentially millions) of the EQ/gain/delay combinations attempted. This occurs in the frequency range defined as the "reference frequency range" in the optimization options dialog. The reference frequency range should be chosen where the response is nominally flat, starting somewhat above crossover and extending to, say, 200 Hz or so. Without mains measurements, this can't work properly.This gets to a broader issue of how to use MSO in conjunction with room correction systems. Unfortunately, these systems will tend to "fight" each other. On one hand, if one runs room correction before MSO, then suckouts might be present in the combined subwoofer output (because they haven't been optimized yet). These would be much better fixed by using MSO before room correction to adjust how the subs interact with each other to "fill in" the suckouts rather than boosting them with room correction. On the other hand, if you run room correction after MSO, it will apply filtering to both mains and subs, but without regard to how they interact with one another in the frequency domain in the crossover region. Unless you're very lucky, running the correction will degrade the integration.The simplest way to fix this up after running room correction might be to just apply pink periodic noise in REW and tweak the sub distance in the AVR to get the best integration using the RTA. I should mention that I am not at all familiar with Dirac. I'm a two-channel guy in the "dont EQ above Schroeder" camp. If Dirac changes the crossover frequency to something different from what was used when running MSO (as Audyssey might do), then all bets are off as far as MSO optimization.I don't have anything like that set up, but thanks for the thought!
The Minnesota Wild have hired former Anaheim Ducks coach Bruce Boudreau, making him the fourth full-time head coach in franchise history.
The Wild and Boudreau have agreed to terms on a four-year contract, the team announced Saturday night. The deal is reported to be $11.6 million over the term, according to Travis Yost. If true, that would be around $2 million more than owner Craig Leipold has ever paid a head coach in Minnesota.
#mnwild has agreed to terms with Bruce Boudreau as the team's new head coach: https://t.co/ycdGU2rgvy pic.twitter.com/damzDEmCLV — Minnesota Wild (@mnwild) May 8, 2016
Ottawa interviewed Boudreau on Friday, and they were long considered the favorite to land the coach who hit 400 wins faster than any coach in NHL history. That is in part because he has family in the Ottawa area.
However, Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman reports that Minnesota “stepped up after Boudreau visit to [Ottawa] yesterday.” It's believed that they upped their offer and were willing to go with the four-year term. Bruce Garrioch reports that Ottawa was not willing to assent the term Boudreau was looking for.
Other factors that may have played into Boudreau's decision, according to reports, was that the Wild ownership is willing to spend on the team, they have an analytics department in place and that they have more consistently been appearing in the postseason than other teams competing for Boudreau's services.
Boudreau was fired by the Anaheim Ducks after they were eliminated in the opening round of the playoffs by the Nashville Predators. He had one year remaining on his contract with Anaheim. They will be off the hook for that year with Boudreau inking a new deal.
He has a career record of 409-192-80 between the Ducks and Washington Capitals. That gives him the best winning percentage among all active coaches (.659).
The Wild have been searching for a coach, reportedly interviewing interim head coach John Torchetti, as well as Guy Boucher and Marc Crawford. Boucher and Crawford, as well as former Minnesota Wild head coach Mike Yeo, Kevin Dineen and Randy Carlyle have all interviewed in Ottawa as well.
Boudreau was unemployed for eight days, slightly longer than the two days he was without a coaching gig between losing his job in Washington and being hired in Anaheim.
This post has been updated from when it was originally posted.
Mutations are the raw material of evolution. Charles Darwin already recognized that evolution depends on heritable differences between individuals: those who are better adapted to the environment have better chances to pass on their genes to the next generation. A species can only evolve if the genome changes through new mutations, with the best new variants surviving the sieve of selection.
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tübingen, Germany, and Indiana University in Bloomington have now been able to measure for the first time directly the speed with which new mutations occur in plants. Their findings shed new light on a fundamental evolutionary process. They explain, for example, why resistance to herbicides can appear within just a few years.
Their research appears in the Jan. 1, 2010 issue of the journal Science.
"While the long term effects of genome mutations are quite well understood, we did not know how often new mutations arise in the first place," said Detlef Weigel, director at the Max Planck Institute in Germany. It is routine today to compare the genomes of related animal or plant species. Such comparisons, however, ignore mutations that have been lost in the millions of years since two species separated. The teams of Weigel and his colleague Michael Lynch at Indiana University therefore wanted to scrutinize the signature of evolution before selection occurs. To this end, they followed all genetic changes in five lines of the mustard relative Arabidopsis thaliana that occurred during 30 generations. In the genome of the final generation they then searched for differences to the genome of the original ancestor.
The painstakingly detailed comparison of the entire genome revealed that in over the course of only a few years some 20 DNA building blocks, so-called base pairs, had been mutated in each of the five lines. "The probability that any letter of the genome changes in a single generation is thus about one in 140 million," explains Michael Lynch. To put it differently, each seedling has on average one new mutation in each of the two copies of its genome that it inherits from mum and dad. To find these tiny alterations in the 120 million base pair genomes of Arabidopsis was akin to finding the proverbial needle in a haystack, says Weigel: "To ferret out where the genome had changed was only possibly because of new methods that allowed us to screen the entire genome with high precision and in very short time." Still, the effort was daunting: To distinguish true new mutations from detection errors, each letter in each genome had to be checked 30 times.
The number of new mutations in each individual plant might appear very small. But if one starts to consider that they occur in the genomes of every member of a species, it becomes clear how fluid the genome is: In a collection of only 60 million Arabidopsis plants, each letter in the genome is changed, on average, once. For an organism that produces thousands of seeds in each generation, 60 million is not such a big number at all.
Apart from the speed of new mutations, the study revealed that not every part of the genome is equally affected. With four different DNA letters, there are six possible changes -- but only one of these is responsible for half of all the mutations found. In addition, scientists can now calculate more precisely when species split up. Arabidopsis thaliana and its closest relative, Arabidopsis lyrata, differ in a large number of traits including size and smell of flowers or longevity: Arabidopsis lyrata plants often live for years, while Arabidopsis thaliana plants normally survive only for a few months. Colleagues had previously assumed that only five million years had passed by since the two species went their separate ways. The new data suggest instead that the split occurred already 20 million years ago. Similar arguments might affect estimates of when in prehistory animals and plants were first domesticated.
On a rather positive note, the results of the US-German team show that in sufficiently large populations, every possible mutation in the genome should be present. Thus, breeders should be able to find any simple mutation that has the potential to increase yield or make plants tolerate drought in a better manner. Finding these among all the unchanged siblings remains nevertheless a challenging task. On the other hand, the new findings easily explain why weeds become quickly resistant to herbicides. In a large weed population, a few individuals might have a mutation in just the right place in their genome to help them withstand the herbicide. "This is in particular a problem because herbicides often affect only the function of individual genes or gene products," says Weigel. A solution would be provided by herbicides that simultaneously interfere with the activity of several genes.
Turning to the larger picture, Weigel suggests that changes in the human genome are at least as rapid as in Arabidopsis: "If you apply our findings to humans, then each of us will have on the order of 60 new mutations that were not present in our parents." With more than six billion people on our planet, this implies that on average each letter of the human genome is altered in dozens of fellow citizens. "Everything that is genetically possible is being tested in a very short period," adds Lynch, emphasizing a very different view than perhaps the one we are all most familiar with: that evolution reveals itself only after thousands, if not millions of years.
SALT LAKE CITY (KUTV) - A group of families is suing the LDS church, alleging it covered up child sex abuse by another member in West Virginia.
A total of six families with nine children filed the lawsuit against The Corporation of the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints according to court documents -- available at the end of the story.
The families allege LDS leaders knew one of their members was abusing children and actively covered up the abuse that continued for years. The case is scheduled to go to trial in January.
Helen is one of the plaintiffs and spoke to KUTV's sister station in Washington D.C. -- asking that only her first name be used -- and said she reported the abuse of her 4 and 6-year-old children to her bishop, the leader of her her Martinsburg, West Virginia congregation, and the top women's leader called the relief society president, who was also the abuser's mother. She said they didn't believe her and they didn't do anything.
"My church family preached to me about forgiveness -- that I needed to forgive him," Helen said. "How do you forgive something like that?"
The abuse allegedly took place over the course of two months in 2008.
According to documents, in January 2012 the children told their parents what Jensen had done to them five years before.
She didn't contact law enforcement immediately when she discovered the abuse.
"That is something that does eat at me. It is something that I wish that if I could go back and change, I would have done it differently," Helen said. "I felt if i couldn't even get these people that are supposed to have my family's best interest, why would a jury believe what happened?"
In 2012, the abuser, Michael Jensen, was indicted for abusing other children and she contacted law enforcement. She said one of her sons testified at the trial but the court proceedings were not about his abuse.
According to court documents, Jensen was on trial for abusing two children in 2007. The papers say the boys, 3 and 4-years-old at the time, were forced to perform oral sex on Jensen while he was their babysitter. In 2013 Jensen was sentenced for up to 75 years in prison after he was convicted beyond a reasonable doubt for abusing the two boys.
The appellants' brief states:
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day (sic) Saints knew that it had a sex offender in its midst as early as December 2004-January 2005, when Michael Jensen was charged in Provo, Utah, with felony sexual abuse of two girls and pled guilty to two sex offenses in the presence of his parents (who became Church leaders) and a Church bishop in Provo.
Is says that instead of warning others about Jensen, even as his predations began to mount, local church leaders "covered up, minimized and denied" his abuse and "dangerous proclivities; sponsored false explanations when evidence of abuse surfaced; touted him as a trustworthy and exceptional member of the Church community."
Attorneys in the civil case contend local church leaders discussed the allegations of Jensen's abuse as early as 2007 and no one reported them to law enforcement. The layers also claim LDS church leaders in Utah knew Jensen was convicted of other sex crimes in Utah in 2004.
The LDS church provided a statement for this story that says it does not tolerate abuse of any kind but said it could not comment specifically on this case. The full statement is at the end of this story.
Helen said she believes some church "higher ups" attended his trial.
The legal papers state that between April 2007 and August 2012, after moving from Provo, Jensen sexually abused nine children.
Helen said she doesn't want to forgive, she wants justice.
“And this is the only way I know how to do it,” she said. “The only way for [my son's] voice to be heard and my voice to be heard and to force them to change their policies so that this doesn't happen again.”
In the defense papers it says that there was no conspiracy to harm anyone and church leaders didn't know about his babysitting or that he would be around children.
In the 30-page defedants response to the 80-page petitioner's brief, it claims one of the defendants did nothing wrong by sharing religious views that plaintiffs should forgive rather than seek vengence through the courts.
It says one of the defendants wrote Joe Doe-5 on Facebook, "privately warning him of the spiritual costs '[s]eeking vengeance and not justice ...' From personal experience, [defendant-1] predicted that 'individuals and families will leave the Church either in the very near future or not too distant future, they will disregard covenants they have made and thus not be able [to achieve] the promise of becoming an eternal family.'
It also said the defedant expressed concern that a lawyer had boasted about making a very comfortable living suing churches, including the Catholic and LDS churches. The entire document is available below.
The LDS church said it cannot comment specifically on pending litigation but said this about sex abuse:
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints does not tolerate abuse of any kind. We take seriously our role as a recognized national leader in ensuring that child abuse prevention efforts are in place and followed – as happened in this case. In fact, it was the Church that first encouraged the parents to report the abuse and then made their own report as a confirmation. While the Church is, and will always be, heartbroken about the terrible actions of this individual, we are thankful that he is behind bars, where he should be. We encourage parents to come forth immediately to authorities when they believe their child has been the subject of harm.
The Church cannot comment specifically on pending litigation, but will present a solid case reaffirming its commitment to not only keeping children safe, but also taking action when there is reason to believe that harm has occurred
The Apple Pay service launched in the UK this week and out of the gate experienced some minor hiccups with UK banks. Today we're learning that Apple Pay has been causing some confusion among early adopters when it comes to using it with transportation in the UK.
According to a new report from London today, Transport for London has warned people using Apple Pay on London's transport network to use the system properly or risk being overcharged for their journey. People that are scanning in with an Apple Watch and scanning out with an iPhone linked to the same Apple Pay account are being charged a maximum fare.
London Transport states that "To benefit from daily and weekly capping customers need to use the same device. Data on which devices are paired with each other is not available to us. If two devices linked to the same account are used on the same day they will get billed twice."
The statement from Transport London also warned that if people try to trick the system by sharing Apple Pay devices with friends or relatives, its fraud prevention algorithms would pick up on such unusual activity.
About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Comments are reviewed daily from 4am to 6pm PST and sporadically over the weekend. Source
For those who consider coffee a sacred elixir, no quick cup of Folgers percolated from a plastic coffee maker will do. The Yama Cold Brew Drip Tower Coffee and Tea Maker will delight mad scientist coffee and/or tea fanatics who favor quality over quantity.
A lot of us in North America are having a hard time dealing with the egg-scrambling, record-high temperatures. It's so hot that hot coffee fiends are converting to iced coffeeholism. The Yama uses ice water to “brew” coffee grounds and will yield cold but deliciously smooth coffee without the use of electricity. (You'd want to have this contraption during a blackout, but good luck finding ice.) For best results, prepare coffee overnight so that you awaken to a ready-made pot in the morning. Make extra pots ahead of time and store in a cold place if 32 oz. is not enough to get you through the day.
This beautiful and unusual coffee brewer makes great coffee and brings drama to your cafe or kitchen. Through a unique 8 hour process using pure ice water, ice drip coffee produces a unique flavor not found in regular brewed coffee. Although it looks like complicated lab equipment, the Yama Cold Brewer is very easy to use. Just add ice and cold water in the top chamber, set the valve to drip, put ground coffee in the middle chamber and you're good to go. The entire brew process takes about 8 hours and produces about 32 oz of smooth, rich coffee that is very low in acidity. The coffee will keep for up to 7 days in a sealed container in your refrigerator.
Beyond making coffee and tea in a highly unconventional way, the Yama looks amazing and is definitely a conversation starter. Show off to all your friends and coffee/tea snobs in your life. When you prepare coffee in the Yama, you'll look like a hot shot barista who could be distantly related to Louis Pasteur, Albert Einstein, or one of those guys.
The Yama Cold Brew Drip Tower is available for $216.22 with free shipping at Amazon.com. (Note that the current model differs from the top picture, because the new design features straight posts. The video shows the new design.)
For another non-electric option that has quicker output but is not as elaborate-looking, check out the Incred-a-brew Direct Immersion Coffee Maker.
Related Deals: Amazon Coupons
Joint operation allegedly uncovers terrorists' plan to bomb way into Downing Street and then kill PM
Security officials believe they have thwarted an alleged plot to assassinate Theresa May by terrorists who would first bomb their way into Downing Street and then kill the prime minister, it has emerged.
Two men were arrested last week following a joint operation by MI5, the UK's counter-terrorism security service, and police.
Security officials believe the alleged Islamist plot is the ninth to have been thwarted since March this year.
The attack on Westminster in March heralded the start of a spate of attacks, with five terrorist atrocities getting through Britain's defences this year and claiming a total of 36 lives in London and Manchester.
The alleged details of the latest plot emerged as an official report into the terrorist attacks Britain suffered between March and June was released, showing that MI5 had intelligence that could have stopped the Manchester terror attack in May but, with the benefit of hindsight, did not correctly interpret it.
Two men were detained on 28 November following an operation involving MI5 investigators and counter-terrorism police officers from Scotland Yard and the West Midlands. They are aged 20 and 21 and will make their first appearance on Wednesday at Westminster magistrates court in central London.
The Metropolitan police said they had been charged “with the intention of committing acts of terrorism” and they with “engaging in conduct in preparation for giving effect to that intention”.
Counter-terrorism investigators and the Crown Prosecution Service are bringing the court case. MI5 and police believe the plot would have started with an attack using an improvised bomb at the gates of Downing Street.
The latest plot comes against a backdrop of claims from security officials that Britain is facing a heightened terrorist threat, with the MI5 director-general claiming in a recent speech that it is the worst he has known in his 34-year career.
Britain's official terrorist threat level is at severe, meaning an attack is highly likely.
At any one time MI5 can actively investigate 3,000 suspects and it has a pool of 20,000 people it has previously examined for signs they are plotting attacks against the UK.
× Expand hornographic clock is ticking on the year with out men
Okay. I admit it. I'm fucking horny.
For some reason, my horniological clock hadn't been ticking in a while, but it's back on tick-tocking away again.
I spent the day with some girlfriends and told them of my hornification plight. They both answered with the same question: "What's the matter with your vibrator?"
I told them my vibrator(s) have been great, but I need to be kissed. I want to be held and pawed. I need someone to whisper dirty secrets and demands in my ear, to send me a filthy text. I want a guy to take my clothes off...
That's the kind of performance my vibrator just can't deliver. It's one thing to roll over, Jill-off and shove your toys back in your drawer. It's another to run your hands through a man's hair when his head is between your legs. There's just something about grabbing a man's ass to push him further inside of you that pretend-time just doesn't offer. You know I'm right.
I honestly don't think I'm going to get laid on May 18th - the end of my year-long sabbatical from men.
I do plan on getting quite drunk. I've decided to go for a nice dinner with some of my close girlfriends in Toronto that night. After that, we're going dancing and drinking.
I am also going to go to church that day. I don't know why. I need to take some quiet time, talk to "God" or whoever-the-fuck, and reflect on my past year.
I've been thinking about where I was, one year ago today. I was sleeping with this guy who I knew was bad news for me. He didn't live in this city, he was crazy, and treated me terribly. I hated myself for hanging in there but I kept on doing it. His own friends were telling me I could do better. I was depressed about it. I was furious with myself for investing so much time and heart into this ungrateful, undeserving weirdo - and so many before him.
Many of my exes have been wonderful and we're friends to this day, but several of them have been complete douche-hats. I think my stats are pretty similar to most other women and men around my age - I'm not trying to be all, "take back the night" or anything.
I had this moment of luminous realization when I knew the only thing I could do was to quit dudes for a while. When one of my weaknesses/addictions starts to make my life unmanageable, I quit it for a bit until I can get a hold of myself. It's why I've quit drinking and drugs for years at a time, or cut out sugar and cigarettes. There's a time and a place for everything, and at times I need to be reminded of that. I just like everything that feels good all the time and I need to simmer down!
Nine more days and my project is over. If I don't have sex that night, does it just go on until my boning trysts resume? How am I going to be normal when being intimate with dudes after all of this? Do I have to tell him what I've done/haven't done this past year? Do I not mention it?
He might think I'm a freak show, or maybe value his privacy. He might not want me to write about it, even if I do disguise him with an alias. He may get turned off by the fact that my sex-life is literally an open book; there will be little mystery about me. I feel doomed.
My ego is still pretty bruised from constant rejection in the past few years, and I'm scared at this point, I've got zero game or allure. This past year was safe for me because I had an excuse for being alone. Now I very well may go back to being alone because unrequited love can't seem to evade me. Great.
I guess I'll just wait and see what happens. As per uge.
After 188,000 Northern Californians fled for their lives during the Oroville Dam emergency, a few stayed behind to burglarize evacuees' houses.
One of them got a life sentence this week.
John F. Beebe Jr. was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison Wednesday after pleading no contest in October to a felony charge of first degree residential burglary. Beebe had seven prior felony burglary convictions and was sentenced under the state's three-strikes law, said his attorney Leo Battle.
Battle said the Butte County district attorney's office has taken a hard line on looting cases stemming from the February evacuations, refusing to allow defendants to bargain their cases down to lesser charges. Instead, defendants have been told to plead to the maximum possible charge or go to trial.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“We consider these folks despicable predators and we wanted to send a message that they couldn't take advantage of the community,” said District Attorney Michael Ramsey. “If citizens were reluctant to evacuate because they were afraid of looters, that puts everybody at risk.”
A total of eight people were charged with looting after the Oroville evacuation. Beebe, a Gridley resident, is the first to get a life sentence. Two cases are still pending.
Given Beebe's criminal record, “there's nothing you can do in these cases,” Battle said. “Basically, the client said, ‘I did it.'”
He said Beebe has struggled with methamphetamine addiction “since he was a juvenile.” He was accused of taking about $2,000 worth of jewelry, clothing and electronics from a home in Gridley during the two-day evacuation.
Officials ordered the evacuation after dam officials feared the structure's emergency spillway would fail, unleashing a “wall of water” on downstream communities.
An artist's impression shows one of the latest designs for driver protection in the cockpit
The debate about cockpit head protection in Formula 1 and other single-seater racing categories has been reignited by the death of British driver Justin Wilson in an IndyCar accident last week.
In fact, Wilson's death has merely underlined what was already obvious - this is a problem that needs solving as soon as possible.
The fatal incident involving Wilson, who was 37, was the latest in a series of accidents that have highlighted that the drivers' heads are now the single biggest concern in crashes of this type of racing car.
A worrying trend
The issue of safety for drivers in the cockpit area was brought back into focus following the death of former F1 driver Justin Wilson
A month before Wilson's death, F1 driver Jules Bianchi finally succumbed to head injuries that had left him in a coma since a crash in the Japanese Grand Prix last October.
In the last six years, there have been a series of major accidents that have either killed or seriously injured drivers:
Maria De Villota sustained head injuries that led to her death in an accident during an F1 test
Dan Wheldon died after his head hit a fence post in an Indycar accident
Dario Franchitti had to retire because of suffering too many head injuries in his IndyCar career
Felipe Massa suffered a fractured skull during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix
Henry Surtees, the son of 1964 F1 world champion John, was killed by a loose wheel in a Formula Two race
Beyond that, there have been a series of close calls.
In F1 this year, two-time world champion Fernando Alonso has twice had accidents which highlighted the vulnerability of the head as a major concern in F1.
The Spaniard suffered concussion in a crash at Barcelona in pre-season testing, and was lucky not to be injured when his McLaren ended up on top of Kimi Raikkonen's Ferrari after the Finn lost control on the first lap of the Austrian Grand Prix.
Media playback is not supported on this device Alonso & Raikkonen's first-lap crash
Even at the most recent F1 meeting in Belgium just over a week ago two accidents in support races highlighted this concern.
In the GP2 race, Daniel de Jong hit his helmet on the tyre barrier in an accident in which he also suffered a broken back; and in the GP3 event a loose wheel hit the front of the car of Matt Parry, just a couple of feet from his helmet, an incident very similar to the one that killed Surtees.
Then there was the series of crashes in practice for this year's Indy 500 in which cars overturned at more than 200mph.
Each one of those accidents can be - and has been - described as "freak", in the sense that the specific circumstances were unusual and unlikely to be repeated.
But it is abundantly clear that there is a trend about which something needs to be done.
This is a large part of the reason why the F1 drivers were so sensitive to the two high-speed tyre failures suffered by Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Rosberg and Vettel - and their colleagues - were very aware that had those incidents happened a couple of hundred metres earlier or later, they would have led to very severe crashes at close to 200mph.
How motorsport injuries have changed
The force of the impact at Jerez in 1990 was so violent it cracked Donnelly's helmet causing bruising to his brain
When I started racing in the 1980s, the biggest concern tended to be severe leg injuries, or big crashes that might not have killed you, but gave you major problems for the rest of your life.
There are a lot of ex-F1 drivers from the 1980s walking around with pronounced limps at the moment because of the vulnerability of drivers' legs in an F1 car in those years.
And Martin Donnelly is an example of the full-body crash. His Lotus pretty much exploded around him when he crashed at Jerez in 1990, and he was very badly smashed up in the impact.
But as safety has improved in a number of areas - the understanding of carbon fibre, how to attach suspension more effectively, impact tests and so on - the majority of serious accidents now involve head or spinal injuries.
Head injuries were always the ones I worried about most in my career, because the recovery from them is so unpredictable.
Evolution is inescapable
It can be instructive in situations such as this to look back at how the sport has evolved over time.
Take helmets as an example. Back in the 1930s, the spectacular Mercedes and Auto Union 'silver arrows' that dominated grand prix racing could top 210mph on the old Nurburgring - and the drivers wore helmets made of leather.
I've driven one of those cars, and I can tell you that is a terrifying thing to think about, but back then it was accepted as normal.
They did not have seat belts either - if you had an accident, the best outcome for the driver was to be thrown away from the vehicle.
Things have thankfully evolved massively since that time and they continue to do so.
The development of helmets
The contrast in Formula 1 helmets is evident, from Argentine driver Juan Manuel Fangio in 1956 to the present day ones worn by Lewis Hamilton and others
Examples of how F1 has continued to learn from experiences can be seen in the accident that killed Ayrton Senna at Imola in 1994, and Massa's crash in Hungary in 2009.
Senna was killed by a suspension arm piercing his helmet. Since then, cockpit sides have been raised, wheel tethers have been introduced to stop wheels coming off cars in accidents, and the survival cell of an F1 car has been made much stronger, particularly in its ability to absorb the energy of an impact, through the use of regulatory crash tests.
Massa was hit on the head by a suspension part from another car, weighing just 2kg, and that has led to a major improvement in helmet safety.
Visors are now effectively bulletproof - because a stone flicked up by a wheel of another car effectively behaves very much liked a bullet from a gun - and helmets are now made of carbon-fibre, and are much more effective at dissipating the energy of impacts than they were pre-Massa.
Additionally, attached to the top of the visor is a strip of a composite material called Zylon, further improving protection to the weakest area of a helmet, around the open aperture.
What is the solution?
An artist's impression shows one of the latest designs for driver protection in the cockpit
The next step in driver head protection remains unclear, but a number of ideas have been floated to reduce the vulnerability of drivers' heads.
Among them are canopies and other forms of structure that protect the head from an impact from in front or above.
Governing body the FIA is conducting more testing on a variety of solutions later in September. One will be the 'halo' you can see in this article. That's an idea that came from Mercedes, although the team have come up with further ideas since.
Time to dismiss the objections
There have been objections to this process, many of which are on the basis that such devices are somehow contrary to the essential nature of the so-called DNA of single-seater racing.
But there are convincing reasons to dismiss those objections.
Firstly, in today's society, motorsport cannot afford to be seen not to be making itself as safe as it can be.
Media playback is not supported on this device Verstappen crash leads to safety car
Secondly, it is hard to sustain an argument about the "essential nature" of F1 when it has changed so much over the years.
Thirdly, are we really so sure that open cockpits are the DNA of F1?
While these types of racing cars have tended to be designed with open cockpits - and that design is now dictated by the specifics of the regulations - they are not intrinsic to the name of the sport. Depending on which side of the Atlantic you are on, they are called either single-seaters or open-wheelers, not open cockpit.
Equally, part of F1's image is about pushing boundaries, and being at the forefront of new technologies. Safety is just as much a part of that as anything else.
Another argument made against head protection is that it could obstruct a driver trying to get out of a car quickly if it overturns.
But that point is anachronistic. I cannot think of one incident in the last 10 years in which a driver has had to scramble quickly out of an upturned car.
That's because the advance in fuel-cell and fuel-line technology means fire is not the risk it used to be.
Not only that, but if a driver has a large accident that requires a safety team to get him out of the car, then he is extracted in his seat, and that takes minutes, not seconds.
The 'halo' canopy is one of the ideas put forward by Mercedes to increase driver's safety
The arguments against increased canopies and the like remind me a little of the introduction of the Hans (Head And Neck Safety) device about a decade ago.
The Hans is a yoke that goes around the driver's shoulders and is attached to the helmet. It drastically reduces the risk of lower skull fractures because it prevents extreme movements of the head and neck.
When that was first introduced, lots of drivers complained that it was uncomfortable, but they were forced to use it.
Over the years its effectiveness has been proven beyond doubt. And nowadays, if you get into a car without it, you feel naked.
That is not to say there are not potential problems. And one real concern is that some of the structures proposed could restrict vision and therefore the potential for extra risk.
Final thoughts
Exploding tyres in F1 have raised safety concerns for drivers whose heads are exposed in the cockpit of their cars
I find it useful to separate the concepts of risk and danger.
Racing is dangerous. That is an immutable fact.
Kinetic energy is a function of the square of speed. Energy is what does the damage in an accident and what needs to be dissipated to increase safety. So, by definition, hurtling along at high speed in a projectile can never be safe.
We want to reduce danger but removing it altogether is impossible. However, the sport can reduce the unnecessary risks and doing so is only logical.
As drivers, we accept that a large element of racing is gladiatorial and that there is an inherent risk in what we do.
But, in general, we do not accept that risks should be unlimited, that nothing should be done to reduce them, or that there is any such thing as "safe enough".
When it comes to issues of safety such as this, it is vital that whatever solution is adopted, it is the one with the most positives and the least negatives.
To establish which solution meets those criteria will take some time.
It has to be the right solution at the right time, not the wrong solution because it is quick.
But the biggest negative would be to do nothing at all.
Allan McNish was speaking to BBC Sport's chief F1 writer Andrew Benson
An Interview with Zachary Dutton
What is your Quaker story? How did you come and grow into Quakerism?
My mother was raised in a Quaker family that was involved with Friends United Meeting. She was a member of a Friends church that had a pastor in North Carolina. My father was a Baptist preacher before becoming a convinced Friend after meeting my mother. By the time they were married, they were a Quaker couple. When I was born, I was born into a Quaker family—at least my nuclear family. I have memories of worship at Birmingham Meeting in Birmingham, Alabama, learning how to not talk. I remember my father teaching me how to twiddle my thumbs as a focusing technique.
Back then the meeting didn't meet in a specific location, so we moved around a bunch. By the time I was a rebellious teenager, I was pushing back against Quakerism and feeling disconnected to the whole idea. This began to change when I encountered the young Friends program in Philadelphia Yearly Meeting; my own convincement experience occurred in that setting. I think I still needed to become convinced, even though I was raised in a Quaker family. I had gotten a lot of the cultural side of Quakerism—possibly nonsense stuff—but the core spiritual piece came to me when I was participating in Young Friends. I call myself a Quaker now largely due to those two things: my convincement experience in the Young Friends program and my upbringing in a Quaker family.
Was this Young Friends program volunteer or staff‐led?
It was staff‐led. It was a Philadelphia Yearly Meeting program with a full‐time coordinator, Cookie Caldwell. He was really good at his job!
You're now employed by that same Philadelphia Yearly Meeting. Was Quaker employment a career goal for you, or did it come about in a more happenstance manner?
For about six years I was working toward becoming a professor of religion. I earned my master's. When it came time to begin the next phase, which would've been PhD program, I changed my mind. It was difficult to decide to let go of six years of preparation. And at the same time, the position that I now have opened up. I applied for it largely because of who I knew would be my boss, and because of the direction and vision the yearly meeting had set for itself. So yes, it was happenstance, but it was possibly what was supposed to happen.
What is the work you do now?
My title is associate secretary for Program and Religious Life. It means that I run the program side of the nonprofit aspect of the yearly meeting, assist the general secretary with her relationships with governance bodies, and help in setting her vision for the yearly meeting staff.
So presumably much of the work that you're doing is work that would be typical for a nonprofit staff anywhere. What is distinctively Quaker about it?
I've been thinking about that a lot. The work that we've been doing on anti‐racism, as a staff, is a good example of what makes us Quaker. Also we are ready and willing to set aside the typical professional norms and to shed tradition when that seems appropriate. Our willingness to have impromptu meetings is also Quaker. For example, there was a member of the staff who had a serious concern about something that he felt exposed racism. A group of us took two hours to process that concern and to work through potential changes in some of our practices. And that was just a regular day in the office! We also start every meeting with a period of centering worship. I think those are several concrete things that make us uniquely Quaker.
Is there something that might surprise readers? For example, even most Quaker nonprofits have staff roles, job descriptions, and a leadership hierarchy.
One of the things that I talk a lot about is that in Quakerism we can be co‐creative, participatory, and consultative while still being very hierarchical. Our staff actually embraces the profoundly functional need for hierarchy in order to get things done. For example, in my program department we have a practice that every project has to have a lead person in charge who holds final say on decisions. We call that person the “Bottom Liner,” and everything we do needs to have someone in that role. It doesn't mean that the person does everything, but there is someone in charge. I don't think it would be healthy for us to try to make every decision together.
We're here to do what we can to support the vitality and growth of a larger spiritual community. That spiritual commitment means that if the community decides to go in a different direction, then we will alter our staffing for that. We are ready to change the structure of our staffing, which means possibly letting people go. I know that might come as a shock to some people. It's often a very hard thing to do, but it's something that we need to be able to do if we're going to serve the community well.
Friends have long voiced a perennial concern about the professionalization of Quaker staff. Over time we've seen more elaborate job titles and a higher percentage of roles held by non‐Friends. You've written that you talk of yourself as an “amateur Quaker.” What do you mean by that?
In some ways, it is easier for me to live out my faith than it might be for Friends in non‐Quaker settings, because I am swimming in our practices all day long. It isn't as difficult to live my life with integrity at the yearly meeting as it might be for people working in spaces that aren't specifically Quaker. Zen Buddhists will sometimes observe that the hardest and most venerable way to practice is to leave the monastery and try to do it out in the world. If I'm that dude hanging out in the monastery, it's a lot easier for me than it is for someone working at a bank or a school.
I think of myself as an amateur Quaker precisely because I'm not practicing our faith in a more difficult setting. I understand that framing it that way can seem kind of disingenuous, but I think it's helpful in terms of re‐framing how people think about those of us who are getting paid to do this sort of work.
I have noticed and even started participating in the institutional gossip: “Someone just left this position at that organization. And who's gonna fill that position?” and “Who raised the most money this year?” These questions should not to be ignored entirely, but they can take on a life of their own and become quite powerful and attractive. It's a quality of institutional inertia, and it's tempting for me to go along with it. It might be dangerous to assert that there's a particular cluster or class or field of people from which we draw staffers. So it's important for me personally to continue to think of myself not as a professional—not as pursuing a career with Friends—but as someone with a spiritually grounded leading that happens to coincide with what the community needs of a member of staff. It's important for me, at least, to keep that distinction alive.
Do you ever feel that it's hard to be both a Quaker employee and a Quaker in the meeting? Do you find a tension in going back into more anonymity when you actually go to worship?
Yeah. Well, there's this one time when I was in a business meeting at my monthly meeting, and a question about the yearly meeting's budget came up. One of the people facilitating that business meeting pointed at me—actually took their arm and their finger and pointed at me—and said, “Zachary, would you know the answer to that question?” At that moment it was important for me to say, “No, I'm not going to answer that.” I felt that I needed to set a clear boundary: when I am at my monthly meeting, I'm not representing the nonprofit institution that is Philadelphia Yearly Meeting.
I chose Central Philadelphia Meeting because there are not a lot of people coming up to me wanting to talk about all the politics or institutional gossip. Mostly people want to know about me and my life and my relationships and deeper things. I've never been accosted about something that the yearly meeting has done that someone thinks shouldn't have happened, or told what someone thinks the yearly meeting should do. This is a huge blessing. It's probably the result of many other professional Quakers who have been in and out of Central Philadelphia. They understand what it feels like to navigate that tension.
You've been academically trained in religious studies. Do you find you have a different perspective on larger spiritual trends after having gone through that training?
I feel like I'm still learning about Quakers and Quaker history despite my training in religion. My academic education has allowed me to see Quakerism through two different lenses. I can see Quakerism through the liberal Philadelphia perspective of someone who grew up in it. But I also see it from a more academic analysis. A lot of my most recent writing has been an attempt to describe and make sense of Quaker theology without using “Quakerese.” But I feel like I've been largely unsuccessful getting out of “academese.” I've just been replacing “Quakerese” with academic language.
Still, it's helped me see that none of this is the point of Quakerism. For me, Quakerism is about an inward journey that we all travel with the support of our community. Whatever language we need to use and whatever practices we need to raise up is secondary.
One of the things we've been struggling with in the yearly meeting is our anti‐racism work. There's been a lot of controversy around it. Certain people in the yearly meeting are ready for us to really dig into anti‐racism, while others, who aren't there yet, have accused the first group of hijacking the process. People have accused other Friends of not being spiritually grounded. I think it is false. If there's any hijacking, it's being done by the Spirit and not by particular individuals. It's been helpful to see language as an expression of people grappling with the lived experience.
A wise Quaker once looked me in the eye, arched his eyebrow, and sternly warned me: “Never work for Quakers for so long that you can only work for Quakers.” It's probably too late for me, but what about you? What is the alternative to careerism?
I think of myself as having skills and experiences that the yearly meeting has claimed—taken off the market, if you will—while I'm working for it. This isn't something that I want to do forever. But forever is a relative term. There are some days when I feel like two years has already been too long! But it can take a generation for the seeds we're planting now to really bloom. I wrestle with that: Do I need to stay being paid by Quakers in order to see that through? And I think what's beautiful is that no, I don't.
Once I'm finished here, I can get involved in ways that I can't now because of being a staff member. Now I need to take a step back and let others engage in most of the leadership. I think it's good not to plan on staying on indefinitely as a paid staffer. There needs to be a balance. We should stay open to the possibility that someone's particular set of gifts and skills might be needed for longer than a few years.
So is it sometimes that maybe it's just a job, and that's okay?
Yes, sometimes it's just a job, and that's okay, because sometimes it's part of a mosaic of things I want to do with my life that contributes to the increased vitality of Quakers.
Closing a Vital Window Into China
On Feb. 1, Hong Kong's democracy advocates returned to the streets, mobilizing thousands of people for a new round of marches and protests to remind their own government and Beijing that their demands for open elections have not been forgotten. While the crowds were far smaller than those that occupied the island city for 11 weeks last fall, the sense of enthusiasm and momentum that grabbed headlines is not dead. “We want to sustain the momentum,” student leader Joshua Wong said at the recent protest.
But while the activists are busy planning their next political moves, Beijing and its proxy, the government of Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung, are hardly sitting still. While Beijing seems to realize that a harsh smackdown could backfire, underneath the surface lurk signs that Hong Kong's cherished liberty may be subtly eroding.
Hong Kong has long been a bastion of press freedom. Hong Kong's Basic Law, the island's constitution, guarantees freedom “of speech, of the press and of publication.” And the 1984 agreement governing Hong Kong's 1997 handover from the United Kingdom to China likewise guaranteed that press freedom would be protected. Hong Kong offers a vital portal for coverage of its mammoth neighbor to the north, a vantage point that becomes more important as China's economy and global influence grow. Correspondents based in Hong Kong have long worried about the dangers of reporting in the region and the challenges of covering China, a sometimes maddeningly opaque nation.
But now, Hong Kong's press corps are becoming increasingly concerned about the treatment of reporters in the city they have always considered a safe harbor from the wider region's woes. Encroachments on press freedom in Hong Kong center not on foreign journalists, but on the vibrant and diverse local press corps. Beijing seems increasingly focused on controlling messages directed toward the people of Hong Kong and punishing those who get in the way.
Compared to the detentions, arrests, cruel sentences, and pervasive censorship on the mainland, Beijing's shadowy interferences with press freedom in Hong Kong look almost subtle. Yet the recent interference — ranging from attacks to threats to secret directives to commercial pressure — risks steadily reshaping Hong Kong's freewheeling media landscape in Beijing's image.
A May 2014 report by the local organization the Hong Kong Journalists Association (HKJA) reported that Hong Kong's press corps worries about self-censorship more than any other issue. HKJA recounted incidents of editors delaying stories on the anniversary of the June 4, 1989, Tiananmen Square massacre and banning coverage of government corruption. The report cited 2014 as the darkest year “for press freedom for several decades, with the media coming under relentless assault.”
Hong Kong has seen a rapid jump in the number of violent attacks on members of the media, including 17 cases of assaults on journalists between June 2012 and June 2014. Prior to that, according to the HKJA, “Hong Kong has been off the radar for such incidents for more than 15 years.” Perhaps the most high profile was the February 2014 stabbing of highly regarded Hong Kong journalist and editor Kevin Lau. The stabbing — which put him out of work for months — was probably in retaliation to a series of hard-hitting exposes about Chinese dissidents and government corruption that he oversaw at the respected Hong Kong newspaper Ming Pao.
A second high-profile victim of physical attacks is media entrepreneur Jimmy Lai, an open critic of the Beijing government who owns a media company, Next Media, and a top Hong Kong newspaper, Apple Daily. His publications have long been banned on the mainland, but until recently he enjoyed a mostly free hand in Hong Kong. That ended in 2013, when a man rammed a stolen car through the gate of his home. In November, two men pelted Lai in public with rotten meat. On Jan. 12, 2015, a masked man threw a petrol bomb at Lai's residence; that same day, masked assailants threw petrol bombs outside of his company's headquarters.
While Lau and Lai are the highest-profile victims, they aren't alone. In March 2014, four men carrying metal pipes beat two media executives in a public area outside the Hong Kong Science Museum. Attacks have also targeted photographers, editors, a cameraman, and reporters. The only two known convictions in recent cases of assaults have yielded fines of approximately $125 and no jail time, leading Francis Moriarty, a 25-year veteran of Hong Kong's foreign press corps, to conclude that “it's open season on journalists.”
The Occupy Hong Kong movement only seemed to make the environment worse. The Hong Kong Journalists Association documented 24 alleged attacks on journalists during late September and October, the first month of the Occupy protests, including multiple incidents of reporters and camera operators being kicked and punched. In some cases Hong Kong police curtailed reporters' movements with pepper spray and aggressive physical force.
The attacks were not only violent. Apple Daily experienced a series of sustained cyberattacks as its website provided favorable coverage of Occupy Central. As the protests wore on, throngs of anti-Occupy picketers surrounded Apple Daily's offices, thwarting delivery of the newspapers. The agitators ignored a court injunction, forcing the company to hire a crane to lift bundles of papers over the protesters' heads. After police finally cleared the blockade in late October, masked men poured barrels of soy sauce over thousands of papers awaiting distribution.
And infringements on free expression in Hong Kong are occurring not just on the streets, but in boardrooms and newsrooms across the city. The Hong Kong Economics Journal, Ming Pao, and the Commercial Radio station, all media properties known for their independence, have each removed or demoted editors over the past 18 months — moves widely seen as having been nudged by Beijing. The economics journal reportedly received complaint letters from both Hong Kong's chief executive and Beijing-based officials before appointing a new editor with a reputation for deference to government authority, spiking stories alleging a pro-government bias in the media bias, and warning longtime contributors to stay away from political subjects.
In November 2013, Commercial Radio transferred its outspoken morning show host, Li Wei-ling to a less prominent evening program, reportedly out of concerns that the station's license might not be renewed. “I feel an unprecedented sense of crisis and pressure engulfing not just Commercial Radio, but the whole media industry in Hong Kong,” Li told the South China Morning Post. In February 2014 she was fired.
Yet another form of pressure on Hong Kong's media sector is financial. In June 2014 the international banking giants HSBC and Standard Chartered pulled advertising contracts with Lai's Apple Daily. A spokesman for Lai reported that HSBC told him the bank's decision followed a directive from the Beijing government's liaison office in Hong Kong. Smaller dailies and websites are also reportedly coming under pressure from advertisers with close ties to the mainland.
Contemplating Beijing's extraordinary feat in controlling the flow of information and ideas to 1.3 billion people on the mainland, it is hard to hold out much hope of Hong Kong being able to withstand the pressure and maintain its traditions now that Beijing seems to be closing in. But the island's continued importance as a financial center and gateway for international investment in the mainland mean that leverage — political, economic, and popular — may have much greater influence in Hong Kong than in mainland China. NGOs, governments, international corporations, and multilateral bodies should use their leverage to defend media freedom in Hong Kong and expose its erosion. If they do not, a vital window into China will slam shut, in the process cutting off the flow of air and ideas among Hong Kong's 7.2 million people.
Lam Yik Fei/Getty Images
A 7-year-old boy was shot in the back as he sat in a car with his mother on the West Side, one of 12 people hit by gunfire Wednesday through early Thursday in Chicago, according to police.
The boy was sitting in the back seat in the 1000 block of North Leamington Avenue in the Austin neighborhood around 9:55 p.m. when someone opened fire, according to Officer Hector Alfaro, a police spokesman.
The boy was hit in the upper right side of his back, and his mother drove him to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, about a mile and a half away, Alfaro said. He was listed in serious condition and was transferred to Lurie Children's Hospital in Chicago.
At the scene, police officers cordoned off a section of Leamington, where they had found a handful of shell casings. The street is lined with mostly two-story homes.
A man in a black jacket walked up with his dog and stared at the police officers. “It's too close to Christmas for this,” he said, declining to give his name, saying he feared retaliation.
The man said he heard about five or six gunshots while watching TV with his wife and their four children at home.
“We were all sitting there at the kitchen table. We all heard the shots, and then we just looked at each other like, this is exactly why I don't let my kids out at night,” he said.
No one was in custody Thursday morning.
Earlier in the day, a 17-year-old boy was fatally shot around 1:30 p.m. in the West Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office.
A 7-year-old boy was shot Dec. 16, 2015, while sitting in the back seat of his mother's car in the West Austin neighborhood. A 7-year-old boy was shot Dec. 16, 2015, while sitting in the back seat of his mother's car in the West Austin neighborhood. SEE MORE VIDEOS
He was walking on the sidewalk in the 500 block of East Marquette Road when two people walked up to him from behind and fired shots, Alfaro said. The teen was hit in the head and body, he said.
The teen was taken in critical condition to Stroger Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 12:42 a.m., according to the medical examiner's office.
The teen was later identified as Brandon McKnight, of the 6600 block of South Marquette Road--around the corner from where he was shot.
No was in custody.
Other shootings:
• A 28-year-old man was wounded around 6:20 a.m. Thursday in the Rosemoor neighborhood on the Far South Side, said Officer Jose Estrada, a police spokesman.
The man was hit in the ankle in the 10000 block of South Indiana Avenue. He was taken to Roseland Community Hospital, where he was listed in good condition, Estrada said.
• Two men, 19 and 26, were shot as they sat in a car in a McDonald's drive-thru around 1:15 a.m. in the West Elsdon neighborhood on the Southwest Side, Alfaro said.
Eric Clark / Chicago Tribune Chicago Fire Department emergency medical technicians give first aid to a shooting victim at 66th Street and Rhodes Avenue as police investigate the scene Dec. 16, 2015. Chicago Fire Department emergency medical technicians give first aid to a shooting victim at 66th Street and Rhodes Avenue as police investigate the scene Dec. 16, 2015. (Eric Clark / Chicago Tribune) (Eric Clark / Chicago Tribune)
The men were ordering food at the McDonald's in the 5200 block of South Pulaski Road when someone in a dark hoodie walked up and fired, Alfaro said. The gunman got into a dark-colored SUV and fled, he said.
The victims drove to a convenience store near 59th Street and Pulaski, where they called police, Alfaro said.
The 26-year-old was shot in the neck, shoulder and hand, and the 19-year-old was struck in the hip, Alfaro said. Both men were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where their conditions were stabilized, Alfaro said.
• About 10:30 p.m. Wednesday, a 24-year-old man was shot in the Washington Heights neighborhood on the Far South Side, Alfaro said.
The man was in the 10600 block of South Martin Street when he was shot in the foot. He was taken to Roseland Community Hospital, where his condition was stabilized.
• About 10:05 p.m., a 37-year-old man was shot and critically wounded during a home invasion in the Little Village neighborhood, Alfaro said.
The man was shot in the face and abdomen inside the home in the 2200 block of South Avers Avenue, Alfaro said. He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition, Alfaro said. Another man was pistol-whipped, police said.
According to preliminary information, the 37-year-old and the other man broke into the home armed with a handgun, Alfaro said.
A man inside began to fight with them and got control of the gun. He then shot the 37-year-old and hit the other man with the gun, Alfaro said.
The two were in custody early Thursday, and police were questioning witnesses, Alfaro said.
• About 9:45 p.m., a 23-year-old man was shot in the Roseland neighborhood on the Far South Side, Alfaro said.
The man was standing on the front porch of a home in the 200 block of West 112th Street when someone fired shots from a passing white SUV, Alfaro said.
The man was hit in the left leg and back. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition was stabilized, Alfaro said.
• About 7:50 p.m., a 15-year-old boy was shot in the leg in the 7500 block of South Emerald Avenue in the Gresham neighborhood on the South Side, said Officer Thomas Sweeney, a police spokesman. He was taken to a hospital, and his condition was stabilized, Sweeney said.
• At 6:15 p.m., a 26-year-old man was shot in the 7300 block of South Chappel Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood, Sweeney said.
The man was hit in the back, leg and buttocks and went to Jackson Park Hospital before being transferred to Stroger Hospital in critical condition, Sweeney said.
• At 3:35 p.m., a 33-year-old man was shot in the 5000 block of West Huron Street in the Austin neighborhood, Sweeney said.
The man was hit in the leg and managed to get to West Suburban Medical Center, where he was listed in good condition, Sweeney said.
• A 25-year-old man was shot about 3:20 p.m. in the 10600 block of South Oglesby Avenue in the Trumbull Park neighborhood on the Southeast Side, Sweeney said. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center with gunshot wounds to the upper body.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has six months to consult with experts and establish policy regarding President Trump's military transgender ban and how it will affect those currently serving. Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, even proposed an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act intended to reverse the ban.
Emotions are running high, and facts are being ignored.
With his un-presidential July tweet, President Trump set the stage for the visceral opposition that has followed. He was shocking and insensitive, especially to honorably serving transgender service members. A policy change of such magnitude should have been announced in a deliberate and respectful manner, with accompanying comprehensive policy.
Regardless, reconsideration of the Obama-era transgender policy is necessary.
Most recent news reporting maintains that military provision of gender transition medical procedures amounts to a negligible portion of the defense budget. Advocates often refer to a 2016 RAND Corporation analysis, which estimated military expenses associated with gender transition between $24 million and $84 million for a ten-year period.
But this estimate seems grossly inaccurate in light of the fact that 250 service members are presently in some stage of gender transition. A complete gender transition costs between $124,000 and $140,000. If all 250 servicemembers currently in the pipeline fully gender transition, medical costs alone will exceed $31 million just for these 250 individuals. The Williams Institute estimates there are as many as 8,800 transgender service members serving on active duty. President Trump highlighting the immense cost of providing gender transition healthcare is not unreasonable.
Moreover, the true cost must be considered. The military healthcare budget has been in crisis for some time and cannot absorb the massive additional cost of gender transition healthcare. The Congressional Budget Office even addressed the urgent situation in a 2014 report entitled, " Approaches to Reducing Federal Spending on Military Healthcare." Adding substantial services to the already overwhelmed military healthcare system exacerbates the serious problem.
In fact, shortage of medical resources is one reason why people afflicted with many preexisting conditions are prohibited from joining the Armed Forces. Army Regulation 40-501 states that medically qualified individuals should be "free of medical conditions or physical defects that would require excessive time lost from duty for necessary treatment or hospitalization…" The regulation goes on to list hundreds of disqualifications, some as minor as insufficiently healthy teeth, acne, eczema, pollen allergies, past bariatric surgery, past eating disorders, ADHD, and varicose veins. Including gender dysphoria and gender identity disorder (which do not affect all transgender individuals) as medically disqualifying conditions is no more discriminatory than any other disqualification.
Combat considerations are also relevant. Transgender individuals requiring hormone therapies are unavoidably at greater risk on the battlefield. According transgender military veteran Jamie Shupe, hormone therapies can have serious side effects. And if therapies become unavailable or inaccessible in wartime, the impact on a transitioning individual could be devastating.
The Obama administration's transgender policy compromises privacy of both non-transgender and transgender service members. Close quarters and minimal privacy are military norms. Current Army policy allows gender identifier change in the Department of Defense personnel system, DEERS, per service member request. Additional gender reassignment procedures are elective for the individual. Army training states:
"All Soldiers must use the barracks, bathroom, and shower facilities associated with their gender marker in DEERS. Understand that you may encounter individuals in barracks, bathrooms, or shower facilities with physical characteristics of the opposite sex despite having the same gender marker in DEERS. All Soldiers should be respectful of the privacy and modesty concerns of others. However, transgender Soldiers are not required or expected to modify or adjust their behavior based on the fact that they do not 'match' other Soldiers."
While the majority of service members may have no issue working alongside a transgender individual, sharing an open bay shower facility, barracks room, or tent with someone possessing organs of the opposite biological sex still violates the privacy expectations of many.
Military transgender policy change appears imminent. Those who favor reinstating transgender identity as a disqualifying condition likely harbor no more ill-will for transgender individuals than they do for those with high blood pressure. Instead, they are concerned with the ongoing military healthcare crisis, personal privacy, and safety of transgender individuals in a theater of war. Julie Pulley is a former U.S. Army captain and veteran of the Afghanistan conflict.
If you would like to write an op-ed for the Washington Examiner, please read our guidelines on submissions.
The Three Leagues was the alliance of 1471 of the League of God's House, the League of the Ten Jurisdictions and the Grey League, leading eventually to the formation of the Swiss canton of Graubünden. Most of the lands of Graubünden were part of the Roman province Raetia in 15 BC. The area later was part of the lands of the Bishopric of Chur.
League of God's House [ edit ]
On January 29, 1367, the League of God's House (German: Gotteshausbund, Italian: Lega Caddea, Romansh: (help·info) ), was founded to resist the rising power of the Bishopric of Chur and the House of Habsburg. Bishop Peter Gelyto reacted by transferring the bishopric to the Habsburgs in exchange for a pension from the ducal house.
The instrument of union was signed by envoys of the cathedral chapter, the episcopal Ministerialis, the city of Chur and the districts of Domleschg, Schams, Oberhalbstein, Oberengadin, Unterengadin and Bergell. Other districts joined the league subsequently, including the Poschiavo in 1408 and the Vier Dörfer in 1450.
For some time, Unterengadin, Münstertal and the upper Vinschgau were disputed between the Bishopric of Chur and the County of Tyrol. While the first two could shake off the rule of the Habsburgs as count of Tyrol, in 1618, Untercalven was separated from the League as the last part of the Vinschgau.
With its capital in Chur, the League was composed of the following districts:
Grey League [ edit ]
The Grey League (Romansh: (help·info) ) was founded in 1395 in the Upper Rhine valley, as a reaction to various feuds between the Barony of Belmont, the Lordship of Sax, the Barony of Rhäzüns, the Barony of Vaz, County of Werdenberg, Disentis Abbey and the Bishopric of Chur. The capital of the League was Ilanz. The name Grey League is derived from the homespun grey clothes worn by the people; the name of this league later gave its name to the canton of Graubünden.
In Trun, on March 16, 1424, a governing federation was established, comprising:
The abbot and court of Disentis Abbey;
The abbot and court of Disentis Abbey; The Baron of Rhäzüns — for himself, his lordship and his subject communities of Safien, Tenna and Obersaxen;
The Baron of Rhäzüns — for himself, his lordship and his subject communities of Safien, Tenna and Obersaxen; The Baron of Sax-Misox — for himself and his subjects Ilanz, Gruob, Lugnez, Vals, Castrisch and Flims;
The Baron of Sax-Misox — for himself and his subjects Ilanz, Gruob, Lugnez, Vals, Castrisch and Flims; The Count of Werdenberg-Heiligenberg with all his subjects, including Trin and Tamins;
The Count of Werdenberg-Heiligenberg with all his subjects, including Trin and Tamins; Communities above the Flimserwald, including Rheinwald and Schams.
Even before 1440, the lordships of Löwenberg, Thusis, Tschappina and Heinzenberg joined the League, despite the count of Werdenberg-Sargans having forbidden them from doing so. In 1441 Cazis Abbey joined; in 1480, the neighborhoods of Mesocco and Soazza in Misox and, in 1496, Gian Giacomo Trivulzio assisted with the union of the remainder of the county of Misox, with the districts of Misox and Calanca.
The Grey League was administered in eight districts:
Disentis
Lugnez: districts of Lugnez and Vals
Gruob: districts of Gruob, Schleuis and Tenna
Waltensburg: districts of Waltensburg, Laax and Obersaxen
Rhäzüns: districts of Rhäzüns, Hohentrins and Flims
Schams-Rheinwald: districts of Rheinwald and Schams
Thusis: districts of Thusis, Heinzenberg, Tschappina and Safien
Misox: districts of Misox, Roveredo and Calanca
League of the Ten Jurisdictions [ edit ]
A third league was established on June 8, 1436 by the people of ten bailiwicks in the former county of Toggenburg, as the dynasty of Toggenburg had become extinct. The league was called League of the Ten Jurisdictions (German: Zehngerichtebund; Romansh: (help·info) ), with its capital in Davos, and was composed of:
The alliance was mainly designed to resist Habsburg expansion into the region and was administered in seven districts:
Davos
Klosters: districts of Klosters-Innerschnitz and Klosters-Ausserschnitz
Castels: (partitioned from 1622) districts of Luzein and Jenaz
Schiers-Seewis: (partitioned from 1679) districts of Schiers and Seewis
Maienfeld: districts of Maienfeld and Malans
Belfort: districts of Churwalden and (partitioned from 1613) Inner- and Ausserbelfort
Schanfigg: districts of St. Peter (Ausserschanfigg) and Langwies
Union of the leagues [ edit ]
Graubünden in 1367, showing the pre-existing lordships in the region
The formation of the Three Leagues up to 1512
The three separate Leagues initially worked together informally, such as in 1450, in the Schamserfehde, a conflict with the house of Werdenberg-Sargans, during which the League of the Ten Jurisdictions allied with the League of God's House. Joint meetings of the three Leagues are evidenced from 1461; closer links date to 1471, when the two leagues allied with the Grey League, but there is no documentary proof of this date. In 1497 and 1498 the Leagues[1] allied with the Old Swiss Confederacy after the Habsburgs acquired the possessions of the extinct Toggenburg dynasty in 1496,[2] siding with the Confederacy in the Swabian War three years later. The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach, helping the Swiss Confederacy and the allied Leagues to be recognised.
After 1499, the Free State de facto separated from the Holy Roman Empire and developed, during the 16th century into a political entity that was unique in early modern Europe. In the early 17th century, it was the only territory in Europe where all decisions were made by communalism, with the Leagues founded, governed and defended by cooperative decisions.
The Musso war of 1520 drove the Three Leagues closer to the Swiss Confederacy.
With the Bundesbrief of 23 September 1524 was created a constitution that endured until the Napoleonic dissolution of the Free State. The supreme power in the Free State was a Bundestag, composed of 63 deputies with responsible to constituencies; this Bundestag alternated between Ilanz, Chur and Davos. By today's standards, the Three Leagues would be considered a federation of three states, rather than a single, unified state; the union had few competencies and virtually all affairs of the Free State were settled by referendum.
The Ilanz Articles of 1524 and 1526 reduced the power of the Bishop of Chur and strengthened the alliance between the Three Leagues. The first articles, adopted 4 April 1524, required priests to live in the communities they served, to earnestly care for the spiritual needs of their congregation and to live a righteous life. The communities had the right to approve their priests and restricted the bishop from judging secular matters. The second articles were adopted on 25 June 1526. They completely removed the bishop's secular power. The parishes could now choose their own priests and appointments to bishop required approval of the entire Bundestag. Additionally church leaders could no longer appoint secular officers, the monasteries were placed under government oversight and various tithes were abolished or reduced. The articles remained the law of League until the 1798 French invasion.[3] With the articles, the secular League authorities became the highest power in the region.
With the invasion of Switzerland by the French Revolutionary Armies, the Three Leagues were absorbed into the Helvetic Republic, as the canton of Raetia. With the Napoleonic Act of Mediation, the Leagues were incorporated into a restored Swiss Confederacy — as the canton of Graubünden — in 1803; the current constitution of the canton dates from 1892.
The districts of Chiavenna, Valtellina and Bormio, previously dependencies of the Leagues, were never a part of the canton of Raetia, however, having permanently been detached from the Leagues after Revolutionary France fomented revolt there, leading them to be annexed to the Cisalpine Republic on October 10, 1797. The districts subsequently joined the Austrian client kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia after the Congress of Vienna and eventually become the Italian province of Sondrio. The town of Campione was similarly detached from the Landvogtei of Lugano at the same time, leading to its current position as an Italian enclave within Ticino.
The Reverend Richard Clancy held items to be touched to a relic of St. John Paul II for blessing. The relic was in Boston this weekend at Holy Cross Cathedral during a US tour.
Mary Sacchitella was a teenager when Pope John Paul II came to Boston in 1979. Though she would not understand his legacy until much later, she felt his aura immediately that day.
“It was just like a magnet,” said the 54-year-old Scituate resident, who also witnessed John Paul's 2011 beatification in Rome. “You could just feel his presence, his holiness.”
Now, decades later, she has come to see him once more, this time in the form of a small glass vial holding his blood.
Advertisement
Sacchitella was among hundreds of Catholics who visited Boston's Cathedral of the Holy Cross Saturday to venerate the relic of St. John Paul II, whose 26-year-long pontificate encompassed key moments in history and helped define the modern incarnation of the church.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“St. John Paul II had a very close connection not only to people in Boston, but people worldwide,” said Archdiocese of Boston spokesman Terry Donilon. “It's an opportunity for people to pray to him and continue to have that connection to him. . . . If it brings them an inch, a mile closer to the church, that's good.”
The relic, a glass ampoule of John Paul's blood mounted in an ornate reliquary resembling a fiery golden halo, was given to the Knights of Columbus in 2011 by John Paul's longtime personal secretary.
The fraternal Catholic group is taking the relic on a tour of several East Coast cities in part to promote its Washington shrine to the recently canonized saint.
The tour's start in Boston is a nod to John Paul's October 1979 visit here, when the famously well-traveled pontiff began his first trip to the United States as pope by leading 400,000 people in a rain-soaked but electrifying Mass on Boston Common.
Advertisement
Donilon, then an Emerson College student, remembers watching John Paul's procession pass his Beacon Street dormitory.
“I was 20 feet from his car, and everyone standing next to me agreed they felt like he looked right at them,” Donilon said.
In the brightly lit lower cathedral in the South End, about 100 people sat in pews, facing a small altar covered in delicate white cloth.
The reliquary, studded with 12 red stones representing Christ's apostles, sat on the table, flanked by candles and a gold-framed portrait of John Paul.
The room was quiet except for the shuffling of feet. Pilgrims, most old enough to remember John Paul's 1978 election to the papacy, kneeled before the relic, heads bowed; some handed rosaries and medallions to a minder who carefully touched them to the reliquary.
Advertisement
The scene harked back to the Middle Ages, when the Catholic tradition of venerating relics blossomed — a marked contrast for a pope whose image and message became ubiquitous worldwide through television broadcasts that captured his every move.
“Just being in the presence of anything that belongs to John Paul II is like being in Rome again,” Sacchitella said. “Like a pilgrimage.”
Childhood friends Liz Smiddy and Christine Heneghan, now in their 50s, also came to see the relic. Both had attended John Paul's Mass on the Common as teenagers in Dorchester.
“The chills that you get are just amazing,” said Smiddy, 53, her eyes filling with tears. “You're probably only going to see it once in a lifetime.”
Heneghan said John Paul's legacy was one of uniting people.
“He just wasn't afraid to put his hands on people,” she said. “Here, you feel like you've been touched by him.”
The two agreed John Paul's legacy remains solid, despite the sexual abuse scandal that rocked the church during his tenure.
They are not alone in revering John Paul, a consistently popular figure throughout his papacy, even among non-Catholics. About 86 percent of all Americans had a favorable opinion of him in a 1980 Gallup poll, the same proportion as in a 1998 poll. John Paul's popularity among Americans dipped during the clergy sex abuse scandal, to 61 percent in 2002, before rebounding to 78 percent just before his April 2005 death. The 2005 Gallup poll also found 67 percent of Catholics thought he would go down as one of the greatest popes in history.
Sister Inga Kvassayova, of Slovakia, said that when she knelt before the relic, she prayed for the John Paul II Center in the saint's native Poland. John Paul is widely credited with helping to spark and foster the country's Solidarity movement, and in turn, the crumbling of communism in Europe.
“He was the one who inspired people to come together, to fight against evil, against communism,” said Kvassayova. “He has the gift of encouraging people, of bringing them hope and peace. He's a saint and, at the same time, he was very human.”
Dan Adams can be reached at dadams@globe.com . Find him on Twitter at @Daniel-Adams86 . Claire McNeill can be reached at claire.mcneill@
globe.com or on Twitter @clairemcneill
HEMPSTEAD, NY — The revolutionaries were trying to get themselves arrested, but having a tricky time picking a spot. Two dozen supporters of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein faced off against a blue line of police in the parking lot of an empty office park. It seemed a dull spot to make a stand. The two sides talked and then the protest moved around the corner, toward a higher-profile location.
On the walk over, cannabis activist Todd Hinden, a 51-year-old with a salt-and-pepper ponytail, was on the phone with his compatriots and getting irked: They were supposed to demonstrate together with a 50-foot inflatable joint, but where were they?
“Do you have the wagon with you? Or just the joint and the blower thing?” he shouted. “Oh man, you guys should have been there a lot earlier.”
Advertisement
Throughout the 2016 presidential campaign, Stein, a 66-year-old doctor from Lexington, has marched around the country, spending up to 29 days a month on the road, amid an eclectic group of acolytes drawn together by a shared sense that the “two-party tyranny” of modern American politics doesn't speak for them.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Jill Stein won't win the election — that's something on which even Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton could agree. But anxious liberals are gnawing their fingernails over the notion that Stein and her merry band could siphon off enough votes from Clinton to hand the election to Trump. Though neither Stein nor her supporters seemed to care about that possibility, on a recent New York campaign swing.
“I'm not going to sleep well at night with either of them in office,” Stein insisted. Speaking by megaphone to her roadside rally, Stein lumped the two major parties together as the corrupt tools of a long list of corporate puppeteers: “predatory banks,” “fossil fuel giants,” “war profiteers,” “insurance companies,” the “big banks” again as well as “Wall Street investment companies,” and lobbyists.
That's the sort of burn-down-the-establishment language that fires up Stein backers. What many nervous Democrats don't realize is that Stein's base probably wouldn't vote for Clinton anyway. Take, for example, Sue Hammond, a 69-year old retired Syracuse doctor, who said she once supported the presidential aspirations of former Ohio representative Dennis Kucinich, one of the leftyist lefties ever elected to the Congress. That was until Kucinich sold out, in her mind, by voting for Obamacare instead of holding out for single-payer health care. She has decided, “There's no point in electing progressive Democrats. When push comes to shove, it's party over principle.”
The Stein protesters on Monday eventually sat down en masse in a public street, as close as they could get, given all the police roadblocks, to Hofstra University, where Clinton and Trump were preparing to debate. Their demand was that the Commission on Presidential Debates assign Stein a podium at the debate, and they intended to be taken away in handcuffs to make the point. Neither Stein nor Libertarian Gary Johnson met the threshold of 15 percent support in national polls for an invitation to the debate. In fact, Stein was the opposite of invited — she was escorted off campus that afternoon, for lacking credentials.
Advertisement
The police were cooperative, arresting 24 protesters, according to the Green Party, including Hammond, her first arrest in an act of civil disobedience.
Hinden, a New Yorker who said he's looking for a place to live in Boston, was not arrested that night, but never found his friends, he later said, and saw no news coverage of their 50-foot inflatable joint. He attributed the screwup to “a lack of organizational skills” within the pro-cannabis group.
Stein's campaign push continued in the morning with a media tour in Manhattan. An interviewer from the left-leaning Huffington Post asked the question Democrats scream at their televisions when they see Jill Stein.
How would you feel if Donald Trump wins and you played a considerable role?
“How will you feel,” Stein answered, sharply, in true worst-case-scenario mode, “if Hillary Clinton wins and then we're in a nuclear war with Russia?”
Advertisement
Between interviews, the candidate filmed a campaign video on the sidewalk of West 25th Street, along a streetscape of apartments, bulging air conditioners, and fire escapes. The videographers didn't want people walking through the shot. So Stein's campaign manager, David Cobb, stood 50 yards down the sidewalk, asking every approaching pedestrian if they wouldn't mind crossing the street. Cobb, 53, was the Green Party's 2004 presidential nominee. He has an outgoing, sunny manner. One after another, famously hurried New Yorkers shrugged and crossed the street.
“Rachael Ray?” one woman asked, with a glance toward the videographers.
“Jill Stein,” Cobb told her. “Green Party candidate for president.”
“Ha!” the woman called out from the street. “She needs to drop out so Hillary can win.”
Yeah, Cobb said, they get that a lot. “But if you have to hold your nose when you pull the lever, at least acknowledge the stink.”
For those Stein fans arrested outside Hofstra, it was a long wait for fingerprints and mug shots on Long Island. Officers confiscated bags and belts. Hammond said they wanted to remove the drawstring from her scrubs. “I said, ‘If you take that cord my pants will fall down,' ” she recalled later. The authorities backed off. But they renditioned her turkey sandwich to some unknown black site. She never saw it again. Hammond said she is charged with “obstructing governmental administration in the second degree,” under the penal code of New York. Her day in court will be Nov. 2. She's working on her speech.
Mark Arsenault can be reached at mark.arsenault@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @bostonglobemark
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Just how strong is the economic recovery? Democrats have offered somewhat contradictory answers to that question recently. The picture President Obama painted in last week's State of the Union address was mostly rosy. “The shadow of crisis has passed,” he declared, citing “a growing economy, shrinking deficits, bustling industry, and booming energy production.” And indeed, the US economy added more jobs in 2014 than it has since 1999, and unemployment is at its lowest point in more than six years. Ad Policy
The competing, bleaker, view—described most forcefully by Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren—is that the good numbers don't accurately reflect the reality lived by America's workers. Middle-class families “are working harder than ever, but they can't get ahead,” Warren argued in an early January speech. “Opportunity is slipping away. Many feel like the game is rigged against them—and they are right.” The tide may be rising, but it's failing to lift most of the boats.
A new report from the Economic Policy Institute demonstrates as much. In the vast majority of US states, the top 1 percent of earners captured at least half of the income gains during the first three years of the economic recovery. In seventeen states, the 1 percent raked in all of the income growth. Those at the top of the economic ladder in Nevada, for example, saw their incomes grow by 40 percent between 2009 and 2012; meanwhile, other Nevadans incomes actually declined, by 16 percent.
The Northeast is the most unequal region, in part because of the concentration there of financial-sector and other executive-level jobs, said Mark Price, one of the authors of the report, on a conference call with reporters. Still, the pattern is consistent whether in Alabama or New York: the benefits of economic growth “have been flowing increasingly to this tiny fraction of households across most of the states.”
That's not the effect economic expansions have always had in the United States. Price and his co-author, Estelle Sommeiller, examined ten periods of post-recession growth, beginning in 1949. For the next three decades things basically went the way we'd expect them to, with economic gains showing up in the paychecks of average workers. The balance shifted in 1979, and since then the 1 percent has captured an increasingly large share not only of income generally but also of growth during expansions.
So what changed? The earlier era of more equitable recovery “was characterized by a rising minimum wage, low levels of unemployment after the 1930s, widespread collective bargaining in private industries…and a cultural and political environment in which it was unthinkable for executives to receive outsized bonuses while laying off workers,” Price and Sommeiller write. But today, they continue, unionization has hit historic lows; the minimum wage has lost its purchasing power; and executives are collecting lavish compensation packages, even as the economy is still struggling to near full employment. “Policy choices and cultural forces have combined to put downward pressure on the wages and incomes of most Americans even as their productivity has risen,” they write.
It's these policy choices that Warren is talking about when she says that the game has been “rigged.” Price and Sommeiller's analysis suggests that it would be shortsighted to assume that the current expansion will eventually trickle down to the 99 percent. If it hasn't happened that way for three and a half decades, why would it this time, without a serious realignment of the economic and political systems that serve currently to funnel wealth upwards? Obama did nod to this reality in the State of the Union via a vague reference to “an economy where only a few of us do spectacularly well.” Still, the approach of many centrist Democrats seems to assume that, with a few minor tweaks, the rebounding economy will eventually have an effect on the inequality problem, too. The data shows the effect might be precisely opposite the one desired.
Having received no email, I figured I had nothing to worry about.
Then the next night I opened my email to find a message from the Worldcon administrators congratulating me for being nominated for a Hugo. If I wouldn't be at Worldcon, could I please select someone who'd be able to pick up the award for me if I won?
I emailed Black Gate editor John O'Neill, and asked him if he'd be in Spokane. He said he wouldn't, and also mentioned that Black Gate had been nominated for a Fanzine Hugo. That meant I'd now heard of three Puppy picks who'd gotten nominations. I poked around some message boards and found speculation from various people plugged into the field guessing that the Puppies would do spectacularly well when the full list of nominees was made public. One (non-Puppy) editor said that he'd heard that the Puppies had three of the nominations for Best Novel—the most prestigious category. I began to wonder if I wanted to be nominated for an award that was being shaped by the Puppy tactics. If nothing else, what kind of backlash would this create?
Over the next few days I did more research on the Puppy program. Beyond politics, it was clear I didn't share the Sad Puppy sense of what was good and bad in fiction. Beale only spoke about “the science fiction right,” but Torgersen was putting forward an aesthetic argument about the value of adventure writing over “message fiction.” I like good pulp fiction, but prefer experimental writing. More: it became clear to me that Torgersen and Beale knew that what they were doing was a slap in the face of the SF community—the people who attended events like Worldcon and administered the Hugos. As far as they were concerned, many of the existing institutions of science fiction fandom were not only dominated by liberals, but corrupt, and therefore had to be either reformed or burned down. The Puppies were looking for a fight.
Emotions were already running high on both sides. A lot of fans were treating the Puppies as a threat to the Hugos. To the existing fandom, and apparently to the Sad Puppies, too, who wanted the Hugos to acknowledge their own vision of SF. But not to me. The Hugos didn't generally go to SF novels that were important to me. But so what? I wasn't the one giving out the awards. What right did someone else have to try to hijack the process?
Turning the nomination down meant picking a side, if only by implication. But accepting it was also taking a side. Of course, people could be Puppy voters and also genuinely believe I was a good candidate. Did I have the right to back out on them? From another angle, could I win? If the category was entirely flooded with Puppy picks, I thought I might do well. And, realistically, the No Award option existed—and people were already talking about using it.
The more I thought about it, the more confused I got. There was a lot at stake. But I didn't really know how much; this was not, in the end, my world. I didn't know how much I didn't know. I did have a sense that a lot of people involved in the debate had a history with each other, and that a certain amount of subtext in the online discussion was based off of meatspace encounters. (Much later, it'd come out that Correia felt he'd been excluded and mocked at the convention where the 2011 Campbell Award was presented.)
I went back and forth for a couple of days trying to figure out the right thing to do—for me, for Black Gate, for the science fiction field in general. I talked with some people in SF, I read and read, and I still wasn't sure. Finally I thought: What do I know, exactly? I'd been put forward for a prize—but as part of a program that I didn't agree with. I didn't like the tactics the Puppies had used, I didn't like the fact that they'd pulled me into what they knew was going to be a fraught situation without asking, and I didn't agree with much Torgersen had to say about SF. Put like that, it was simple enough.
Matthew David Surridge, who declined a Hugo nomination last year, explains his take on the situation in the customarily careful and detailed manner that led me to nominate him in the first place. There is also a discussion of it at Black Gate First, I should point out the reason that I recommended both Black Gate and Matthew David Surridge for Hugo Awards is because a) they were worthy of winning the award, and b) they would never, ever have been nominated by the very small group of 40-50 Tor-affiliated SJWs who have dominated the nominations, and through them the awards, for the last 20 years.Second, all Matthew's actions accomplished was to ensure the award went to a vastly inferior "fan" writer, the professional writer and wife of the then-SFWA president, whose "fan writing" consisted of a single hit piece on one of the lunatics of the field. That, more than anything, is why his decision to renounce his nomination was a mistake. That one is on you, Matthew. If you think Laura Mixon is a better fan writer than you are, fine. But I don't.What Rabid Puppies did was to rescue the category from the pro writers in the Tor Books cabal who were intentionally using it as a springboard to win the Best Novel award. John Scalzi did this successfully, Jim Hines and Kameron Hurley did it unsuccessfully. Notice how they abruptly disappeared from the category once they win their "Fan Writer" awards. It is simply laughable to claim that any of the fan writers nominated before the Puppy campaigns can legitimately compare with the fan writers we have been recommending, both at Black Gate and Castalia House. The same is true of the Best Related Work category.Third, the Hugo controversies are only going to become more intense going forward. Last year, we were quiet and allowed all of the various slanders that appeared in the media to go largely uncommented. Instead, we began doing our research, and while we are not neo-Nazis or any of the various things we are accused of being, we have learned that SF fandom is genuinely full of pedophiles, child abusers, child molesters, sexual deviants, and people who are more than willing to publicly defend and even celebrate child molesters... and it has been for fifty years.This year it's our turn to take our case to the media, and we're going to hit back harder than any of you ever imagined. This isn't over. It has barely even begun. And every time the SJWs in SF try to double-down, as they did with the media and with rules changes like EPH, we're going to take advantage of those actions and make use of them.So for those of you inclined to Puppy-kicking, I encourage you to think twice before you decide to take their side. Because you're going to find yourself publicly associated with things far darker and more depraved than anything you ever accused the Puppies of being or doing. If you are determined to fight award recommendations in order to defend child molesters, then there is something seriously wrong with you.And before you protest that we're being unfair, well, you should probably keep in mind that I have written an entire book about the philosophical legitimacy of utilizing tactics that were introduced by the other side. Every sword cuts both ways.
Labels: Black Gate, Hugo Award, Puppies
Whenever an automaker introduces a concept vehicle, it makes the rounds to auto shows and press events before being put away into storage. It could be shown to the public at a museum or be locked away in a warehouse never to be seen again. But once in a blue moon, an automaker will open up its history and start selling off its concept cars. Shelby America, the company behind some of the fastest Mustangs has announced they'll be selling some of their concept and prototype vehicles.
The company is moving their headquarters from the Las Vegas Motor Speedway to a new facility off of the Las Vegas strip, and they don't have enough space to fit all of their vehicles. So they are selling fourteen of their rarest cars in the collection.
Not surprisingly, the majority of vehicles on offer are Mustangs ranging from a 2007 Shelby GT prototype to a 2013 Shelby GT350 Prototype. There are also a pair of 289 Cobras: a original development vehicle and a last of the 50th anniversary slab-sided continuation cars. Also up for grabs is the 2013 Shelby Raptor concept (featured in the video) and Shelby Focus Concept.
You can see what's up for sale by checking out the sales catalog here.
The sudden increase in the volume of data from the order of gigabytes to zettabytes has created the need for a more organized file system for storage and processing of data. The demand stemming from the data market has brought Hadoop in the limelight making it one of the biggest players in the industry. Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), the commonly known file system of Hadoop and Hbase (Hadoop's database) are the most topical and advanced data storage and management systems available in the market.
What are HDFS and HBase?
HDFS is fault-tolerant by design and supports rapid data transfer between nodes even during system failures. HBase is a non-relational and open source Not-Only-SQL database that runs on top of Hadoop. HBase comes under CP type of CAP (Consistency, Availability, and Partition Tolerance) theorem.
HDFS is most suitable for performing batch analytics. However, one of its biggest drawbacks is its inability to perform real-time analysis, the trending requirement of the IT industry. HBase, on the other hand, can handle large data sets and is not appropriate for batch analytics. Instead, it is used to write/read data from Hadoop in real-time.
Both HDFS and HBase are capable of processing structured, semi-structured as well as un-structured data. HDFS lacks an in-memory processing engine slowing down the process of data analysis; as it is using plain old MapReduce to do it. HBase, on the contrary, boasts of an in-memory processing engine that drastically increases the speed of read/write.
HDFS is very transparent in its execution of data analysis. HBase, on the other hand, being a NoSQL database in tabular format, fetches values by sorting them under different key values.
Enhanced Understanding with Use Cases for HDFS & HBase
Use Case 1 – Cloudera optimization for European bank using HBase
HBase is ideally suited for real-time environments and this can be best demonstrated by citing the example of our client, a renowned European bank. To derive critical insights from the logs from application/web servers, we implemented solution in Apache Storm and Apache Hbase together. Given the huge velocity of data, we opted for HBase over HDFS; as HDFS does not support real-time writes. The results were overwhelming; it reduced the query time from 3 days to 3 minutes.
Use Case 2 – Analytics solution for global CPG player using HDFS & MapReduce
With our global beverage player client, the primary objective was to perform batch analytics to gain SKU level insights, and involved recursive/sequential calculations. HDFS and MapReduce frameworks were better suited than complex Hive queries on top of Hbase. MapReduce was used for data wrangling and to prepare data for subsequent analytics. Hive was used for custom analytics on top of data processed by MapReduce. The results were impressive; as there was a drastic reduction in the time taken to generate custom analytics – 3 days to 3 hours.
To offer a reasonable comparison between HDFS and HBase, the following points need to be emphasized on:
HDFS HBase HDFS is a Java-based file system utilized for storing large data sets. HBase is a Java based Not Only SQL database HDFS has a rigid architecture that does not allow changes. It doesn't facilitate dynamic storage. HBase allows for dynamic changes and can be utilized for standalone applications. HDFS is ideally suited for write-once and read-many times use cases HBase is ideally suited for random write and read of data that is stored in HDFS.
For original blog, click here
The sea-green particleboards that have sprung up on storefronts on University Avenue, and around the corner on Shattuck Avenue, are not a reflection of urban blight.
Instead, they indicate that the new owners of that block, Mill Creek Residential Trust, are readying the property for the overhaul that was approved by Berkeley in 2013. The company will start construction on Acheson Commons, a 205-unit apartment complex at 2133 University Ave., in mid-summer, according to Jason Overman, a director at Lighthouse Public Affairs. Construction should take about two years.
Mill Creek is a Texas-based company with numerous projects in the Bay Area. In addition to the Acheson Commons project, Mill Creek is the developer that intends to build an 18-story structure on the current site of the Walgreen's at Shattuck Avenue and Allston Way.
Mill Creek purchased Acheson Commons from Equity Residential in September. Equity Residential put its portfolio of eight Berkeley apartment complexes with 452 apartments on the market in November 2015, but has only sold this parcel so far. Equity, a publicly traded company started by the Chicago developer Sam Zell, hoped to sell the entire portfolio because it was shifting its focus to high-end urban properties rather than university-related ones, John Hyjer, first vice-president of investment for Equity Residential, told Berkeleyside in September. It later removed the package from the market.
Mill Creek Residential is sticking to the plan approved by City Council. Designed originally by the architect Kirk Peterson, it calls for the historic façades of the buildings in the 2100 block of University Avenue to be retained, with construction rising behind them.
In the plan, the one-story building on the corner of University and Shattuck avenues would be redone as the six-story MacFarlane Building, named after the candy store that once operated there. The historic Acheson Physicians Building in the middle of the block, currently used as offices, would become apartments with a restored exterior. The exterior of the former Ace Hardware building, which is landmarked, would be incorporated into a new six-story building. The Bachenheimer Building, a relatively new structure, would be incorporated into the complex. There will be 34,000 square feet of commercial space in the building.
When the project was first approved, it was the largest in Berkeley's history. But there has been a building boom in the ensuing four years and other projects in the works are even bigger. 2211 Harold Way will have 302 apartments. Shattuck Terrace Green Apartments at 2190 Shattuck Ave. will have 274 units.
Equity Residential first proposed the Acheson Commons project in 2010 and donated $25,000 to the Yes on Measure R campaign, an advisory measure that laid out plans for a more densely developed downtown. It passed with 64% of the vote in November of that year. However, the call for community benefits outlined in the new Downtown Area Plan (DAP) did not apply to Acheson Commons since they were not finalized until after DAP became law.
The project should increase the city's annual tax revenue by $600,000, according to Mark Rhoades of the Rhoades Planning Group, which helped steer the project through Berkeley's planning process.
Youthful roster includes heap of local college athletes
A new era for the Wilmington Hammerheads is just around the corner.
After a 20-year run in the United Soccer League, the Hammerheads will play their first match in the Premier Development League on Saturday when they travel to face the Charlotte Eagles.
Twenty-two collegiate soccer players have slowly trickled into Wilmington in the past week in anticipation of Saturday's opener. All but one are from North Carolina, and eight with UNCW ties, including five current players, make up the roster.
The club also has a new home. Games will shift from Legion Stadium to UNCW.
"We felt like this was a unique opportunity to provide Wilmington with a team they already have some level of familiarity with," said Carson Porter, executive director of Wilmington Hammerheads Youth FC. "We've got connections all across the state, and being able to bring in players from UNC and NC State to go along with some local Seahawks should only help progress the connection between the community and our team."
Porter, general manager Shawn Guderian and head coach Kevin Johnson put the roster together through discussions with the top programs across the state. Their trust and communication with the local college coaches helped expedite the process for a first-year team, and the Hammerheads held a pair tryout in the spring for the final spots.
Porter estimates they are providing housing for 80 percent of the roster, with some UNCW soccer players who aren't staying in the Port City this summer sub-letting their on-or-off-campus apartments. There will be no host families, which was a personal preference for the Hammerheads' front office.
Mornings will serve as the players' time specifically focused toward training and development. In the afternoon, many will switch from player to counselor and help out with the Hammerheads' youth camps.
"For the kids in our youth system, getting a college scholarship to play soccer is the ultimate goal," Porter said. "What better way to surround them this summer with players who have actually achieved that goal and could set some positive examples for the kids?"
Below is a look at some of the highlights of the Hammerheads' roster:
Cameron Lindley - UNC
The 2016 ACC Freshman of the Year was ranked the No. 1 player in the 2016 recruiting class by College Soccer News. Lindley is also a regular for the U-20 U.S. Men's National Team and was recognized as a second team All-American by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America in 2016.
At Chapel Hill, Lindley started in all 21 matches in the midfield and dished out seven assists. The Tar Heels lost in the College Cup semis to Stanford, the eventual national champion.
David Lozano - UNCW
The Seahawks' midfielder started in 15 matches last year and was third on the team with three goals. He also provided two assists.
Lozano was named to the SpringHill Suites Classic All-Tournament team in 2016 and scored a goal in UNCW's 2-0 home victory over No. 5 Charlotte.
Tanner Roberts - NC State
The most prolific forward on the roster, Roberts was the Wolfpack's second leading goal scorer in 2016 with four goals.
In high school, he captained the Carolina Redbirds Academy program, which was coached by Johnson.
Sam Wancowitz - Penn
The lone member of the Hammerheads who plays his college ball outside North Carolina, Wancowitz was an electric attacking midfielder for the Quakers in 2016.
He tallied four goals and three assists, good enough for second-best on the team in both categories. Wancowitz played the full 90 minutes in nine of Penn's 14 matches.
Andrew Lawrence - UNC Asheville
The Bulldog midfielder was second on the team with eight points and produced a team-high four assists in 2016.
Lawrence started in all 19 games for UNCA and was named to the Big South All-Tournament Team.
Cubs infielder Tommy La Stella was optioned to Triple-A Iowa on July 29 in a move that was surprising and dictated by the numbers game of Chicago having plenty of good players and also wanting to continue carrying three catchers.
At the time, Cubs manager Joe Maddon acknowledged La Stella was upset, saying he “didn't like it.” Part of the reason for the tough decision was that La Stella had an option remaining, meaning he could be sent down without being exposed to other organizations on waivers.
Now 10 days later, La Stella still hasn't yet reported to Triple-A, the Des Moines Register's Tommy Birch reported Sunday. Players typically have 72 hours to report to a new destination in cases like this, but the Cubs extended extra time for La Stella to report, Birch reported.
The 27-year-old La Stella is back home in New Jersey tending to some “family business,” Iowa Cubs manager Marty Pevey told the Register without going into details.
La Stella was a key bat off the bench for the Cubs, hitting .295 with an .846 OPS and making the occasional spot start when matchups dictated it.
MLB rosters expand in September, so that will give the Cubs the flexibility to add La Stella back to the roster and give them a month to decide what's the best approach for a 25-man playoff roster.
While there's been many rumors circulating about just who is fighting who in the next Captain America movie—but newly emerged promotional art has given our first look at just who is standing with Captain America or Iron Man in Marvel's impending superheroic dustup. There's even a surprising face or two... spoilers ahead!
The art was discovered by YouTuber MrSundayMovies—including the above, high-res shot of Captain America and Iron Man about to go toe-to-toe, revealing each hero's updated outfits for the film. Iron Man is looking very similar to the Bleeding Edge version from the comics. But the interesting art is what's below, revealing the main teams the heroes will split into following whatever event brings about the Marvel Cinematic Universe equivalent of the Superhero Registration Act from the comics. First up is Iron Man's “Pro-registration” side:
Advertisement
War Machine, Iron Man, Black Panther, The Vision, and surprisingly Black Widow, who stayed at Cap's side at the end of Age of Ultron to make the New Avengers alongside The Vision and War Machine. Looks like the good Captain is losing a few of his closest pals.
Joining Captain America:
Advertisement
There are a few surprises here. Bucky Barnes the Winter Soldier is not one, and neither is the Falcon—but Falcon's birdlike robot, an homage to Redwing in the comics, certainly is! They're joined by Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner recently confirmed that Clint had sided with Captain America) in a swanky new get up and Ant-Man, perched on his shoulder... as well as Sharon Carter, Peggy's descendant and former SHIELD Agent. We knew she was going to be in the movie, but not in such a prominent role.
Finally, there's even a great bit of art of each side about to face off:
Advertisement
This is looking pretty damn great so far. But where's the webslinger we're all waiting for? Even with this new information, there's a lot more we've got left to discover about this movie—and hopefully that includes some tasty new footage like that shown at D23 recently.
Captain America: Civil War hits theaters May 2016.
[Via ComicBookMovie.com]
Four Chicagoland fighters competed in WEC 42, and all four suffered defeat. A potentially exciting night for fans of the Chicagoland MMA scene instead becomes one of disappointment. The outcomes of the Sunday night fights leave us with many questions to ask.
The main event featured East Chicago, Indiana native Miguel Torres defending his bantamweight championship against challenger Brian Bowles. Torres is widely considered one of the top pound for pound fighters in the world, and several of his matches in the WEC cage have been some of the most impressive performances in the promotion's history. Despite the hype Torres proved to be human after suffering a shocking knock out victory to the underdog Bowles.
Ricardo Lamas, who fights out of Top Notch Gym and Overtime MMA/Jeff Neal Jiu Jitsu, also came out on the losing end of his bout. “The Bully” showed good punch/kick combinations and seemed to be getting the better of the exchanges with his opponent, Danny Castillo. But in the second round Castillo landed a right hand that dazed Lamas and he was able to follow up for the TKO finish. This is Lamas' first loss in his professional career.
Jeff Curran stepped in against Takeya Mizugaki feeling the pressure to get the win. The “Big Frog” was on a three-fight slide and needed to get back on the winning track to stay relevant in the crowded 135 pound division. Curran spent a majority of fight with Mizugaki in his guard actively working submission and sweep attempts off his back. He was able to catch his Japanese opponent in a triangle choke at the end of the third round but could not force the tap out. The contest was close, but Mizugaki's submission defense and ability to stay busy from the top position helped him earn a split decision victory over the Island Lake native.
In the untelevised portion of the card Evanston native John Hosman made his WEC debut against no-gi submission wrestling champion Rani Yahya. Hosman took the fight on short notice after the original opponent, Kenji Osawa, had to bow out after suffering a foot injury. Hosman's teammate at the Midwest Training Center in Schaumburg is former WEC bantamweight champion Chase Beebe. Yahya unsuccessfully challenged Beebe for the belt in a match where Beebe combined outstanding defense and scrambling ability with a ground and pound attack for the decision victory. The Downers Grove native helped Hosman train for this fight, but “The Goat” could not duplicate the same results. Yahya secured a north-south choke and tapped Hosman in the first round.
Several questions now hang over the heads of the disappointed fighters. Does Torres get an immediate rematch with Bowles, or was the loss so convincing he has to fight his way back into contention? Despite a four fight losing streak does Curran deserve to stay in the WEC considering the high quality of opponents he has faced during that stretch? Because the WEC always has the option of cutting someone from the fight roster is Lamas in danger of being dropped despite the fact he was winning the fight against Castillo before being knocked out? Will Hosman be invited back to compete in World Extreme Cagefighting?
Karesansui is the Japanese name of zen garden, which translates to dry mountain and water garden. The main components of zen garden are stones and gravel, with plants and water being the optional components. In case of miniature zen gardens, they are either kept on your desktop or used as home decor in your living room. So for miniature zen garden water feature can be avoided.
A zen garden is a Japanese form of dry garden, where nature is represented in a miniature form by using stones and sand or gravel.
Most Zen gardens are dry gardens made of stones and gravel only, without any living components. Gravel is preferred to sand, as it is least disturbed by wind and rain. For mini Zen gardens, sand is used because of the small size of the garden. Here is another art form which shows Japanese people's love for nature: Ikebana flower arrangement
Image [ Via: Gardenista A complete DIY for a desktop mini zen garden by Justine Hand ]
Lets take a look at how we can make a miniature zen garden.? Advantage of mini zen garden is you can try out different designs depending on your time and mood. These design represent various phenomenons of nature. All the miniature zen garden accessories are easily available and they can be collected with out much hassle. They are really inexpensive and something that every one can try it out at home.
Meaning of zen garden
In short, a zen garden can be described as an aerial view of a coastal area, where land meets sea. The stones in a zen garden represent features that stand above water such as islands, mountains or big rocks. The sand represents water feature like sea or ocean. Various patterns are drawn in sand using a rake. These patterns represent waves or ripples formed in water.
You can create various patterns depending on your imagination. The plants used in a zen garden represent the miniature version of actual plants. Only moss and some varieties of uniformly growing plants like air plants or some succulents are used for this. The procedure of making patterns using rake called samon serves aesthetic as well as spiritual purpose.
Here is a complete DIY from instructables.com
How to make a mini zen garden:
Collect all the materials required: 1) Sand, 2) Pebbles 3) Rake 4) Container or box 5) Essential oil 6) Plants ( mosses , air plants or succulents )
Collect sand and pebbles from a beach, but make sure you clean them up. Get rid of bugs, dirt and twigs from the sand you collected.
If you don't want to collect sand from beach, good quality coloured sands are available in various online craft stores or floral stores.
Pour the sand in the container you choose. it can be a glass container which adds extra beauty to your decorative min zen garden. You can arrange it on normal box or container, here container doesn't matter much.
Pour few drops of essential oil so that it gives you an aroma, which helps you to concentrate while you rake the pattern on the sand. This will give you a relaxing ambiance.
Adding some jojoba oil can give a wet look to sand, it needs to be added in right proportion. It helps to keep the pattern you draw on the sand for longer time.
Place the different sized and coloured pebbles . Then you can plant some plants ( most commonly used are succulents, air plants or mosses ). This will give a living touch to your desktop zen garden.
Use the rake to draw various patterns. Use decorative pieces to add extra beauty.
Here is an infographic on how to make min zen garden by Yumi sakugawa.
The below inspiration is a miniature zen garden which represent yin yang. Yin and Yang are two halves and together they represent completeness. Here you can find more details about Yin – yang : What is yin- yang ?
Most Japanese temples have zen gardens in their compound, where the monks practice samon to increase their concentration. It also gives a meditating effect to those who are watching this. The art of drawing patterns forms the essence of a zen garden.
Benefits of miniature zen garden:
Having a mini zen garden in your home helps you to increase your concentration, by drawing different patterns. You can redraw the patterns in sand as and when you desire according to your imagination.
You can involve your kids to join in creating a perfect zen garden. The method of raking can be explained by a simple example. Imagine a frog jumping into water. The stone in zen garden represents frog and sand represents water. The pattern should be drawn in the form of concentric circles surrounding the stone, like the ripples in water. Although it may seem easy, this art of making continuous patterns requires patience and extreme concentration.
Below we have some of the desktop zen garden inspirations using colorful sands. Lets take a look at various pattern drawn on the sand. Use your imagination to be creative and come up with different patterns.
A miniature zen garden for outdoor using pebbles and rocks is shown below. It uses succulents to represent the living element. Pebbles or gravels can be arranged in various fashion which represent nature and its behaviour.
Let us know if any of these inspirations helped you to start your own desktop miniature zen garden. Its an easy do-it-yourself which any one can try it out without much effort and money. You need a lot a patience to draw the patterns, but in return it helps you to build up your concentration and gives a relaxing mood to your mind.
Over 3,000 hours of filmed footage have been gathered from contributors all over the world helping to make what might be refered as “the first worldwide movie ever”.
On October 10, 2010 (10.10.10), be it accomplished filmmakers or just amateurs, people from all around the world have tried to illustrate best what's happening in their corner of the world over a 24-hour period. The all summed up material is currently being edited, will be given a final shape and has already attracted attention even from the United Nations.
[vimeo width=”594″]http://vimeo.com/11215112[/vimeo]
The multitude of persons that helped to create this industriously compounding movie have filmed various topics from each country on this planet, providing a video time capsule and giving a sense of unity to the whole world, through cinematic means of expression.
In fact, there already is a DVD pre-order available, to help financially support the project. One Day On Earth is also still taking pledges on the kickstarter funding platform, waiting to reach a $25,000 goal.
[vimeo width=”594″]http://vimeo.com/18910284[/vimeo]
Featured photo from onedayonearth.
From the outside, the suburban home looks like any other on the Scarborough street. But inside, 11 people lived crammed together paying $500 to $700 per month each for spaces created by subdividing rooms at 1280 Military Trail.
Toronto's Municipal Licensing and Standards officials say this home on Military Trail in Scarborough was operating as an illegal rooming house, with rooms rented out to 11 students. ( DONOVAN VINCENT / TORONTO STAR ) City inspectors say this sign was posted in what they say was an illegal rooming house at 1280 Military Trail in Scarborough. ( Donovan Vincent / Toronto Star )
According to Municipal Licensing and Standards (MLS) inspectors, there were three bedrooms in the basement, four on the main floor and five on the upper level. There were two kitchens and six washrooms in the roughly 3,000-sq. ft. home. Smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors had been removed, and there were several fridges in the kitchens. The living room was divided into two rooms, but a partition wall was removed shortly before the search, inspectors say. The alterations to the home were conducted without a building permit or other regulatory inspections, say inspectors who entered the home last week after complaints from neighbours. Inside, inspectors found a sign warning tenants that “if the city of Toronto people get in they will vacate the house.''
Article Continued Below
The owners are now facing charges for allegedly running an illegal rooming house. The house sits across the street from U of T, and close to Centennial College's Morningside Ave. campus. Officials believe it was home to foreign students. Bill Blakes, a manager with MLS's Scarborough district, says while his department doesn't want to see students or anyone else who rents these properties kicked out on the street, his team has concerns about electrical safety, smoke and CO detectors, and sufficient exits for tenants. “We're not out to de-house students. That's not the idea. We want to ensure conditions are safe and it's legal according to zoning bylaws,'' Blakes says. “These students don't know their rights; they're thousands of miles from home ... they don't know what they should be getting for their $600 or $700 a month. From what I can see in a lot of these occasions, they're not getting very much,'' Blakes says.
“Meanwhile, some (operator) is making $6,000 or $7,000 a month. Not bad if you own four or five (houses with illegal occupancy),'' he adds. Meera Mahendran, of Gladys Rd., is charged with owning/operating the home, a zoning violation. Reached at her home Sunday, Mahendran refused comment.
Article Continued Below
MLS also slapped Yixuan (Jessica) Wang, an agent with Re/Max Realtron Realty Inc. in Willowdale, with a summons for owning/operating the property. MLS alleges Wang arranged the leases and helped collect rents from students living there. Wang denies the allegations against her concerning the Military Trail address. She promised to call back and speak further, but didn't. Kumarasamy Kunanayaham was also charged by MLS under the City of Toronto Act with obstruction for allegedly misleading inspectors. It's unclear how much illegal housing exists across the city, but one MLS manager says he knows of at least one home under investigation downtown near the Annex believed to be housing as many students as the one on Military Trail. It's a common suburban problem where post-secondary schools and subdivisions exist side by side with few or no student residences. The licensing department says there are 120 active files stemming from complaints over suspected illegal properties in Scarborough. Many are believed to be homes converted to accommodate students. City Councillor Ron Moeser, whose ward covers the Highland Creek community in east Scarborough where much of the student housing is located, says he's seen the number of these units rising. Similar problems arose in the city of Oshawa, which now allows homes with up to four bedrooms in a specific area near Durham College and the University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT) in north Oshawa. Attendance at U of T's Scarborough campus has grown over the years, but “unfortunately the housing in the area hasn't kept up,'' Moeser notes. The campus has 11,107 students, but only 765 beds in its student residence. Adjacent to that, Centennial College's Morningside Ave. campus has 3,500 students and no residence. Andrew Arifuzzaman, the chief administrative officer at U of T's Scarborough campus, has been working closely with Moeser's office and residents in the neighbourhood to address any concerns around student housing. “We haven't received ... the traditional complaints about large community parties. Most of the complaints were about students not interacting with neighbours. There were some issues about lawns not being cut,'' he adds. One of the students in the home on Military Trail, who asked not to be identified, says she pays $450 a month. Before moving in, she searched for a place that was affordable to rent close to her school, and saw the ad for the room on the lawn of the home. She doesn't have a lot of complaints about conditions in the home, but did say she's unhappy the owner is rarely around to address any of her concerns. Under zoning regulations in Scarborough, a number of people can live in a home if they demonstrate they are pooling the rent, sharing common areas and living as a family. But 11 people living in separate rooms and paying individual rent, is not a single-family home, says Blakes, the MLS manager, referring to the Military Trail home. Similar rules exist in North York and East York. Rooming houses are permitted and regulated in Etobicoke and within the boundaries of old, pre-amalgamation Toronto. For a fee, owner-operators can apply to run properties in old Toronto, with the proviso that there will be annual inspections by MLS, as well as building and fire department personnel. “These types of circumstances are regulated, and therefore students themselves or other occupants are not victimized by substandard conditions,'' says Gus Michaels, a manager of investigative services with MLS's Toronto district.
“The brain secretes thought as the liver secretes bile,” asserted 18th century French physiologist Pierre Cabanis. Last week, the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies convened a conference of neuroscientists and philosophers to ponder how our brains secrete thoughts about ethics and morality. The first presenter was neuroeconomist Gregory Berns from Emory University whose work peers into brains to see in which creases of gray matter those values we hold sacred lodge. The study, “The Price of Your Soul: neural evidence for the non-utilitarian representation of sacred values,” was just published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B.
Philosophers often frame arguments over the bases of ethics in terms of deontology (right v. wrong irrespective of outcomes) and utilitarianism (costs v. benefits of potential outcomes). Both utilitarians and deontologists would argue that it is wrong to kill innocent human beings. A utilitarian might tote up the costs of being caught in murder or the harms to a victim's family, whereas a deontologist would assert it is moral duty to avoid killing the innocent. For most people, a utilitarian reckoning in this case seems cold and psychologically broken (e.g., the kind of calculation that a psychopath would make). The researchers define personal sacred values as those for which individuals resist trade-offs with other values, particularly economic or materialistic incentives.
It is this distinction that Berns probes using functional magnetic imaging (fMRI) to see in which parts of subjects' brains their moral decision-making is localized. Such scans identify areas of the brain that are activated by measuring blood flow.
Without going into all the details, in the study subjects were asked to choose between various values; some hypothesized to be more deontological and others more utilitarian, e.g., you do/do not believe in God, and you do/do not prefer Coke to Pepsi. Once the baseline was established for each subject, they were given an opportunity to auction off their personal values for real money up to $100 per value sold. Once the auction was over, each subject was asked to sign a document contradicting his or her personal values. Those values that subject refused to auction off were deemed “sacred.”
Berns and his colleagues found that values identified as sacred were processed in areas of the brain that are associated with semantic rule retrieval. Basically subjects were reading off moral rules; what another conference participant would later refer to as “moral platitudes.” In addition, when sacred values were contradicted by their opposites (e.g., to a believer asserting “You do not believe that God exists”), the researchers found arousal in the amygdala, which is associated with negative emotions.
Not surprisingly, with regard to the personal values that subjects auctioned off, the areas of the brain known to be associated with evaluating costs and benefits were activated. The researchers also suggest that when policymakers try to employ positive or negative incentives to encourage trade-offs in foreign or economic arenas they may instead arouse sacred values provoking a reactionary response in the people at whom the policies are targetted.
Berns also presented the results of another study [PDF] in which brain scans turned out to have identified a song that subsequently became a hit. In an earlier study, Berns and his colleagues had downloaded 15-second clips of various unknown songs from MySpace and played them for 27 adolescents while scanning their brains. The earlier study [PDF] focused on how knowing what others think about an item (in this case, a song fragment) activates brain areas associated with anxiety motivating people to switch their choices in the direction of the consensus. In other words, people often succumb to peer pressure.
Some years later, Berns heard one of the songs on the TV show, American Idol. Berns wondered if something in the earlier scanning data could have predicted a “hit” song. Mining the old brain scans, Berns found that subsequent song sales were weakly but significantly correlated with the activation of “reward” centers in the brains of the scanned adolescents. He speculates that scanning the brains of small groups might be used some day to predict cultural popularity.
The next presenter was philosopher William Casebeer who is now also a program officer at the Defense Advanced Projects Research Agency. In general, Casebeer argues that the moral psychology required by virtue theory is the most neurobiologically plausible. Basically, there is no is/ought chasm between facts and values, and evolutionary psychology properly understood teaches us that it's Aristotleian virtue ethics all-the-way-down. Ethics is largely a matter of cultivating the proper moral character.
Casebeer's talk, suggestively subtitled “How I learned to love determinism, but still respect myself in the morning” aimed to deal with the longstanding problem in neurophilosophy of how to square determinism in neuroscience with a moral philosophy that celebrates the freedom and responsibility of agents. Determinism undergirds science in general and neuroscience in particular; there are no uncaused causes. However, our social institutions are shot through with free will agency assumptions. Is it possible to reconcile these two views? Casebeer argues that we should stop talking about free will and instead adopt a language focused on the idea of critical control centers.
Casebeer thinks that holding agents responsible depends on the notion of being in or out of control. Being in control depends on what he calls the functional architecture of a well-ordered psyche. To suggest an idea of what elements might constitute an appropriate functional architecture of the psyche, Casebeer urged us to consider a schema of meaningful control distinctions [PDF] devised by philosopher and artificial intelligence theorist Aaron Sloman. A large working memory gives a putative agent more control than a small one; so too does an ability to learn versus a fixed repertoire; having a theory of mind versus having none; ability to reason counterfactually versus none; robust reward prediction mechanism versus a weak one; and a multi-channel sensory suite versus a single one. Along these dimensions organisms (and perhaps one day artificial intelligences) can be ranked from microbes to humankind with regard to being more or less in control.
Another mechanism of control is the environment in which an organism exists. In the case of humans, Casebeer argues, that a lot of outside control exists in our culture, norms, and institutions. We tell each other moral narratives in which we explain how internal control factors relate to the external environment. We take our cues of what is right and wrong to do from watching and emulating others. Our brains transmute these moral narratives into our moral characters. In other words, these narratives tell us what sorts of things are sacred (no trade-offs) and what can be evaluated on the basis of costs and benefits.
In some environments we recognize that any control system can become overwhelmed and no one would be held responsible for what they do in such a circumstance. For example, if someone spikes your coffee with LSD and you ended up harming someone because you hallucinated that they intended to kill you. Clearly, we already assign various levels of culpability based on our evaluation of an individual's ability to control himself, e.g. children, the mentally ill, etc.
At the end, Casebeer suggested that the research agenda for the next 100 years would generate a neuroscience of critical control distinctions. He predicted that many critical controls will be social; narratives involving the punishment of moral infractions and the reward of moral conduct become etched in our brains and build our moral characters.
Next, University of San Diego neurophilosopher Patricia Churchland asked, where do values come from? She pointed toward Charles Darwin's notion of the moral sense that arises from a combination of our in-born social instincts, our habits, and our reason. Neuroscientists now know more about the neurotransmitters involved with our social instincts. The hub of these instincts is the molecules oxytocin and vasopressin that encourage attachment and trust. Mammalian attachment and trust are the platform from which moral values derive. Bigger brains help by giving humans greater capacity to learn habits and override and repress impulses and to plan. Better memories help us keep track of who did what to whom and why, thus enabling us track reputations and seek out cooperators. Culture is an essential part of the story, guiding and limiting our moral choices.
Churchland cited Eleanor Rosch's work on concepts and categories [PDF], the famous example of which is the category of vegetable. If you are like 90 percent of Americans, you thought of a carrot first as the prototypical example of a vegetable. The point is that categories have fuzzy edges; radishes are clearly vegetable, but what about wild mushrooms? Mushrooms are located in the same aisle in the supermarket after all. These categories depend on pattern recognition; human beings analogically reason about how new cases related to earlier categories.
Churchland's argument is that moral categories too have fuzzy edges whose boundaries are different for different cultures. Take the example of the 9/11 atrocities. If you analogize it to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, this suggests the proper response is war. On the other hand, if you analogize it to the Oklahoma City bombing, that suggests that it is matter for the police and the courts. We have moral prototypes of what it means to be a friend, brave, kind, and honest. However, cultures will differ over what counts as honest at the edges. Again, our particular social institutions structure our moral expectations and very different behaviors can emerge depending on a culture's set of institutions.
So on Churchland's account the project of using neuroscience to uncover some kind of universal human morality looks likely to fail. Philosopher John Shook cast further doubt that a new neuroethics could help to use scientific scrutiny to re-engineer ethics. It might be the case that no sophisticated ethical system can be improved beyond a set of basic human moral norms. These moral norms consist of a common set of virtues that people teach their children, e.g., respect your abilities and try to improve them; don't betray group efforts for personal gain, etc. These norms amount to ethical platitudes that are good enough for most people. Apparently, Shook thinks that most ethical norms are very like what Berns calls sacred values, e.g., social rules that are simply read off and acted on when a relevant case arises.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings may have a trick up his sleeve as he separates the streaming and DVD-by-mail businesses: a sale to Amazon.
That's the theory floated by Wedbush Securities' Michael Pachter today, and the idea makes sense.
Pachter upgraded Netflix shares to an "outperform" from "underperform." The analyst argued that Netflix formed Qwikster so it can be spun off eventually. From there, Amazon can easily buy Netflix, which would be a streaming business.
In a research note, Pachter said:
In our view, Amazon has always wanted to be in the streaming business, and has been constrained from buying Netflix due to tax considerations. The split-up of Netflix's business addresses the state sales tax issues raised for Amazon in having a "nexus." If Amazon were to acquire only Netflix's streaming business, it could triple the size of its content library, and gain traction as an industry leader. Netflix streaming has current content deals that provide it with access to movie content during the premium cable TV window, and Amazon has the financial resources to secure additional streaming rights, including Starz content. Netflix's financial flexibility is quite limited, while Amazon's is virtually unlimited.
The tax issue is that an acquisition of Netflix's DVD business would give Amazon more sales taxes to collect.
Pachter explained:
One of the impediments to Amazon's purchase of Netflix outright is the state sales tax rules. Under the rules in most states, any company with a physical presence in that particular state (a "nexus") is required to collect sales taxes for all retail transactions in that state. Amazon has carefully avoided nexus with virtually every state that collects sales tax, providing it with a significant pricing advantage over its brick-and-mortar competitors. Should Amazon have purchased Netflix's business outright (including the DVD-by-mail business), the company would have found itself subject to sales taxes in virtually every state that imposes a sales tax due to Netflix's extensive network of distribution centers. Accordingly, we never thought that Amazon would seriously consider purchasing Netflix, as such a purchase would severely (and negatively) impact Amazon's core retail Internet sales.
If Pachter's theory pans out, Netflix's separation of its DVD business makes more sense. Initially, Netflix looked like it was botching the customer user experience and annoying users. All true to date. But if Netflix, which will be the streaming business, becomes a takeout for Amazon, the separation and angst would be worth the trouble.
This story originally appeared on ZDNet's Between the Lines.
BALTIMORE - Orioles first base coach Wayne Kirby had this piece of advice for Adam Jones: “Don't lose or you'll hear it from the clubhouse.” After that pronouncement, the 2016 edition of the CareFirst Fan Challenge, hosted by MASN, got underway.
As in previous years, Jones asked fans to share their own dishes on Instagram or Twitter and picked the winner to go against him in the head-to-head matchup at Dempsey's Brew Pub & Restaurant on Wednesday afternoon. Jones selected Kevin and Elizabeth Irish, the owners of the Federal Hill restaurant The Local Fry, as his challengers.
Why ballpark food? Jones said simply, “It's one of my favorite things.” Of the many dishes submitted, he liked the fancy french fries from The Local Fry the best. The menu of The Local Fry, located at 21 E. Cross St., includes a wide variety of specialty toppings for their fresh-cut fries, including the winning submissions, the Buffalo chicken fries and the Bulgogi fries.
The Irish husband-and-wife team had the idea for The Local Fry as a specialty fry shop because they wanted to do something with fries that's “better than ketchup,” and so they came up with a menu full of french fry-centric entrees.
Past years of the fan challenge have seen a barbecue challenge, where Jones, assisted by Jumbotron BBQ star Kirby, was victorious, and even in the inaugural event, a cake decorating competition, which did not go so well for Jones.
Ever the jokester, Jones cracked wise for the assembled media while he was preparing his chosen dish of carne asada fries. Asked by MASN's Jim Hunter if Jones would miss Kirby's assistance from previous years, he deadpanned, “I've been a winner for most of my life.”
Jones used his experience with local taco shops from San Diego, which he said was the “ain't nothing fancy” food he grew up on, as the influence in creating his dish. The finished product, which he cracked was really just “a mountain of a lot of calories,” piled the carne asada meat, guacamole, sour cream, cheese, and hot sauce on top of the fries just so.
The Irish duo served one of their menu items, the Bulgogi fries, which comes with sauteed carrots and onions, crema, scallions, and toasted sesame seeds.
Waiting to critique the dishes and pick a winner was a panel of three judges. Chef Bryce Taylor, a 13-year-old from Baltimore who has competed on Food Network's Chopped Junior, had high standards, wanting to see something that showcased not only taste but also presentation and creativity.
Chef Chad Gauss of the Hampden restaurant The Food Market agreed, and also emphasized the importance of the texture so as not to take away from the crispness of the fries.
Last but certainly not least was the third judge, “Chef” Zach Britton, the Orioles two-time All-Star closer. Asked what he would be looking for as he judged the dishes, Britton replied, “Whatever tastes good.”
The regular chefs on the panel took a liking to Jones' dish immediately. Gauss was drawn to the taste right away, noting that, if it wasn't for the difference in presentation between the two dishes, he might not have been able to tell which was made by chefs and which was made by Jones.
What Gauss liked in particular was the way it was all “rightfully wrong” which he elaborated upon to say that the meat, which some might have said was overcooked, actually brought out a “jerk-like flavor” that was good.
Taylor compared Jones' carne asada fries to being like a taco with fries instead of a tortilla - a positive, in his view.
Britton, who joked that he “took it into account” when reminded that he has to spend hours each day in the clubhouse with Jones, was also a fan of what Jones presented in the fry-off. “Everything he had been stuff I like to eat,” Britton said. It's really that easy.
No surprise that as the decisions rolled in, it turned out to be a unanimous victory for Jones and the San Diego taco shop-inspired carne asada fries, the first, said Hunter, in the history of the fan challenge.
Although Jones was a fan of his carne asada fries, he was not about to eat a bunch of them with a game still to come on Wednesday night. Something as heavy as that would not be the right thing to eat to leave him in shape to play a game, he said. As a post-game snack, though, they would be just right. The rest of the clubhouse probably should not expect Jones to make them tonight, however.
Stay hungry.
This week's mailbag is here. I took to Twitter and the comments here to solicit questions, which I will then answer. In case any of you were unaware what a mailbag was.
As you might imagine, the draft is on everyone's minds. I know we're all incredibly sick of the speculation—it keeps the lights on, but I'm going cross-eyed myself—but we're in the home stretch. Just survive a week.
@TheFalcoholic do you think there's anyone we would trade up for other than Clowney? particularly Robinson or Mack? — Ben Bullock (@ben_bullock) April 29, 2014
I wouldn't rule either of those picks out, but I consider them significantly less likely than Clowney. In regards to Mack, I do believe the Falcons view Clowney as the better prospect, so unless they just have absolutely no shot at Clowney, I can't see them seriously considering a jump for Mack. I believe there are teams picking at #3 and #4 who would snap up Mack if they had the chance, meaning the Falcons would have to jump higher than they'd like to for him.
Robinson's an intriguing option, and there's reason to believe the Falcons view him as the best tackle in this draft class. Again, though, Robinson looks like a strong possibility for the Rams at #2, so the Falcons would have to overpay or go all the way to #1 to get him, and I don't think they'll do that.
Clowney is the most logical trade-up candidate given the Falcons' heavy interest in him up to this point. My opinion, but I feel pretty strongly about it.
@TheFalcoholic FOR DAVE: Do you think the Falcons will trade up for Clowney? — Bonnie Bowman (@Bonnie311) April 29, 2014
Here's the logical follow-up question I was waiting for. My answer hasn't changed since the last time I gave it: If the Falcons can get a good deal, I do think they'll go get Clowney at #1 overall. If not, I think they'll be content to stay where they are and see which tackle or pass rusher falls to them. They'll get a quality player either way. Contrary to my reputation for putting on slow jazz records at the mere thought of Clowney, I'll be happy with a range of outcomes. I'm just going off of likelihood at this point.
Just a week ago I said with some confidence that the Falcons wouldn't go to #1, based on what the Texans were reportedly asking for. Now? There appears to be a lack of suitors for that top pick per multiple reports and the Falcons are giving off strong signals that they're exploring the possibility while trying to stick to a semi-reasonable price, and if that's the case, the Falcons can likely get this done without sacrificing #37 this year. I imagine the second round pick in a deep draft would be a sticking point. If I'm reading the tea leaves right, yeah, they're going up for Clowney.
AtlantaStu: Do the Falcons think Johnson and/or Holmes can be a solid OT opening day this year? If the answer is NO, they HAVE to get an OT in first round. If the answer is YES, then they can go OLB and FS
This is an important question. Judging by my reading of the Clowney interest, you would probably be inclined to think I believe the Falcons will pass tackle over. I actually think it's completely dependent on the availability of prospects like Zack Martin and Morgan Moses.
I do think the Falcons have amassed four competitors at right tackle for a reason, however. A line with a healthy (I know) Baker, Justin Blalock, the winner of the Konz/Hawley derby, Jon Asamoah and the winner of the competition at RT is potentially an average unit, which would be a colossal upgrade over the train wreck from a season ago. My guess is that the Falcons believe one of Johnson/Holmes/Carimi/Schraeder can step up and win the job if they don't add talent without fatally weakening the entire unit.
@TheFalcoholic What current #Falcon players do you see as potential trade figures on draft day? — Ryan Basham (@the_RB9) April 29, 2014
I don't know if the Falcons are going to shop players on draft day or not, but anywhere you find an aging veteran who may not fit in the team's plans going forward, you'll find a possible trade.
If the Falcons do move around on draft day to get the guys they want, you could certainly see a Osi Umenyiora, Harry Douglas or someone of that ilk heading out to help the Falcons pick up a late round pick. You're not likely to get much more than that, however, and any package built around those guys or even dangling them as a throw-in for a trade in the first three rounds isn't going to get much traction with NFL teams. I imagine you'll see most everyone stays put through the three days of the draft, if not everyone.
MrKumbi: If the Falcons trade up for Clowney which position of need gets moved to the backburner?
MrKumbi's question was a bit longer than that, but I decided to tackle its essence. I am an essence tackler.
The obvious answer is tackle. Unless you grab one in the first or second round, you might as well wait to get a project you like later to add to the long list of projects already on this current roster. The Falcons could trade back up into the late first or stay in the second and try to get their mitts on a tackle, but if they view safety as a legitimate need—and I believe they do—tackle might be the position that waits.
I'm not saying I agree with that decision, mind you.
@thefalcoholic how has our offseason compared to our nfc south compatriots? have we done enough to get out of the basement? — Ameesh Kapoor (@tupakapoor) April 29, 2014
I can't answer that one with any accuracy until after the draft, to be honest. I think by addressing the run defense, adding some depth at corner and adding a dynamic returner, the Falcons have taken some small but important strides. Unless they add pieces at safety, in the pass rush and at linebacker, in particular, I don't know if it'll be enough to do more than catapult them by one team in the division, and here I am thinking of the Panthers.
The Buccaneers are clearly better but currently lack a top-flight quarterback. The Saints look very good again, and the less said about that, the better.
grendelg: Is the draft here yet? How about now? Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet?
No.
Check back in a week for the next edition of the mailbag, right before the 2014 NFL Draft.
September 10th, 2015 @ 12:00PM PST AMA with Steve "Major" Giammaria
On September 10th, join us and Steve "Major" Giammaria to discuss post production sound. Ask him about his process, techniques, the tools he uses, and more!
Bookmark this page and return September 10, 2015 @ 12 pm PST, or sign up for an email reminder below.
Steve "Major" Giammaria is a Supervising Sound Editor/Re-Recording Mixer at Sound Lounge in New York City. His recent work includes a pair of SNL Comedies (Staten Island Summer and Brother In Laws), and indie hits When I Live My Life Over Again, 10,000 Saints, and We'll Never Have Paris. He is also the co-founder of the Pro Tools Blog PTDudes.com. When he's not in the studio he's kickin' it with his pug Casey.
Key links for Tim:
Full Credit List on IMDb
Pro Tools Blog
Sound Lounge,
This live AMA is made possible because of iZotope
iZotope makes innovative products that inspire and enable people to be creative. Based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, iZotope has spent over a decade developing award-winning products and audio technologies for professionals and hobbyists alike. Used by millions of people in over 50 countries, iZotope products are a core component of GRAMMY-winning music studios, Oscar and Emmy-winning film and TV post production studios, and prominent radio studios, as well as basement and bedroom studios across the globe. Through a robust licensing program, iZotope also powers products made by industry partners such as Adobe, Avid, Microsoft, and Sony. iZotope was recently honored with an Emmy® Award for Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development for its flagship audio repair suite, RX®.
Learn more about iZotope at the following links:
iZotope.com
RX 4
RX Final Mix
Five years separated the drafting of Andrea Bargnani and Jonas Valanciunas, but little else. At first.
Both were close to 20 years old. Both were well-advertised European big men noted for the hallmark of that breed – soft hands and soft bodies.
While Bargnani was celebrated as a lottery jackpot, little was made of Valanciunas's procurement. Having been burned so badly by the Italian's lack of fire, the Toronto Raptors chose to present the Lithuanian as a low-risk, long-term investment. Valanciunas was an unsexy mutual fund for the NBA's most spendthrift franchise.
Story continues below advertisement
Even the fact that he was not contractually able to come straight to Toronto seemed an advantage. The longer he stayed hidden in Vilnius, the longer he would remain unscarred by the animus that had slowly built up around Bargnani's failure.
Upon arrival, you could not help but note his spindliness. Valanciunas was still a kid, and looked like one. He acted like one, too. There was a lovable goofiness to him that you rarely find in American stars.
Notably, that's never gone away. Some guys arrive acting big-league. Most get there quickly. Valanciunas remains unaffected. Any request to talk is routinely greeted with a "Who? Me?", as though he's surprised people are interested.
He still prefers to deflect any serious question with a groaning one-liner. In interviews, he rocks side-to-side and throws his hands around in the air awkwardly, like a great galumphing grade schooler trapped into a confession. His eyes dart around while he talks. Every once in a while, he'll sneak a look down to see how he's going over. He never appears hopeful.
In the locker room, he remains the happy butt of jokes. Several of his teammates continue to pronounce his first name wrong – with a hard 'J'. Valanciunas doesn't seem to mind.
Famously, he had no idea what he was getting himself into. For the first few weeks of his rookie season, Valanciunas would spend the team's prep time nodding agreeably through his man-on-man assignments, then consistently guard the wrong people.
Eventually, Raptors' coaches recognized the problem – Valanciunas didn't know who anyone in the NBA was. Even the most famous names in the sport meant nothing to him, but he was too shy to speak up. He learned to identify his opponents by jersey number.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Valanciunas and Bargnani developed into very different sorts of players, but this was the key distinction – Valanciunas learned. Bargnani never became much more than the player he was at 20. You might plausibly argue that he got worse.
Valanciunas set his own bar in Year 2 and then tripped over it. In Game 7 against the Brooklyn Nets, Valanciunas managed only one basket.
"I have to do a better job of controlling my head," he said afterward. "That is the next step for next year."
Coach Dwane Casey did not forget Valanciunas's freeze at the critical moment. He disappeared from late-game situations. The fan base grew restive. The name 'Valanciunas' became a sort of code word for those irritated at Casey's conservatism and tendency to favour marginal veterans. Why wouldn't he let Valanciunas grow by failing?
It's apparent now that the point wasn't to embarrass the younger man. It was to protect him.
While DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry routinely (and quite rightly) ride the roller coaster of fan angst, Valanciunas has been sheltered from expectation. People only seem to notice him when he plays well.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm still growing. I'm 20 …" Valanciunas said Friday, then stopped and looked around, grinning. "How old am I?"
"Twenty-four," a reporter who's too used to this sort of thing replied, deadpan.
"I'm 24!" Valanciunas said, delighted. "I'm still a young player."
Whether he accepts it or not, that's all ending right now.
Next year, Valanciunas' new four-year, $64-million (U.S.) deal kicks in. When he was negotiating it during the last off-season, Raptors general manager Masai Ujiri used the four-year, $70-million deal signed by Oklahoma City's Enes Kanter as a benchmark.
As when Valanciunas was drafted, it seemed a small risk at the time. Now it is a preposterous bargain. By taking the money early, Valanciunas cost himself tens of millions. It's hard to imagine him upset.
Story continues below advertisement
Throughout this postseason, he has been the Raptors the best player and their only consistent difference maker. If you knew nothing about this team, you would assume Valanciunas was the all-star.
For the Raptors, the playoffs have been a simultaneous exercise in wish fulfilment and existential apprehension. The team is good. It's nowhere close to good enough.
It would be wrong to call their two stars disappointing. That would suggest you expected things to correct themselves. Instead, DeRozan and Lowry have proved they are flawed when considered as a complement. The Raptors have got this far despite, rather than because of, them.
So, what's the future? Is it possible to grow with Lowry in charge, or has any team led by him peaked? Though signing DeRozan is the smart thing, is keeping him wise?
Even while the Raptors are cresting their biggest ever wave, you have to start thinking about hitting the shore. Because it's coming.
When Ujiri and his braintrust sit down in the summer, their only unwavering consolation is Valanciunas. Though it is difficult to build a modern NBA team around a big man, the Lithuanian is now the core of the Raptors.
Story continues below advertisement
His continued improvement is the team's central mission.
That's why the Raptors won't make Valanciunas the offensive mainstay now, even though it might cost them a game (and also because you don't want to see what happens if this team gets any slower). They are not about to mentally unbalance their prize asset for one series win.
"I'm just enjoying playing basketball," Valanciunas said after Thursday's effort. "That's my life. I enjoy play basketball."
As long as he does, the Raptors investment will continue to pay small – and some day, large – returns.
Follow me on Twitter: @cathalkelly
The type of bomb used in at least one of the Boston attacks is one that many recent veterans are all too familiar with. It was fashioned out of a pressure cooker. The devices are common in kitchens around the world. Instructions for turning them into bombs are distressingly easy to find. But I hope that their misuse as devices to wound and kill won't obscure their value for bringing people together. After all, there is something particularly pernicious about re-purposing a cooking pot as a bomb—putting a tool for food to such obscene ends. Could there be two objects in starker opposition? So let's reclaim the pressure cooker, an object that many American kitchens have long forgotten. My friend Andrea Wenzel, a journalist, hadn't seen one over here, for instance. "Never," she tells me. "I don't think I'd ever seen one until I was in India." Andrea first used a pressure cooker while she was working in Hyderabad, in India. She stayed with a family there, learning to make local dishes with one. In fact, the pressure cooker is common throughout South Asia. It's not hard to see why: it cooks food quickly and efficiently. "You want to cook some chickpeas," says Wenzel, "in a normal thing it'll take forever. In a pressure cooker it's much faster. And it probably takes less gas that way also, when you're cooking on a stove." Later, Andrea moved to Afghanistan and found that the pressure cooker was ubiquitous in kitchens there too. It led to new dishes, new friendships, and new insights. Indeed, Andrea Wenzel came to see food in general as a means to resolve conflict "between families, or between villages. I mean, if there's an accident and someone's been injured or worse, someone might show up at your front door with a sheep and a bag of rice and ask for forgiveness." It's not entirely as simple as that, she adds. In such situations, the food is paired with nuanced negotiation too. But the food anchors the diplomacy. 'Gastrodiplomacy' Paul Rockower is a food lover with a masters in public diplomacy, and he's researched some of the ways entire countries have used food to extend themselves around the world. Rockower calls the field 'gastrodiplomacy'. "The first country to really conduct gastrodiplomacy was Thailand," he says. "They had a program called the Global Thai program which they introduced in 2003, which was meant to expand the number of Thai restaurants around the globe. "They gave soft loan money to help promote the restaurants, and they made access to Thai ingredients more available for Thai chefs. Basically they decided the best way that they could communicate their culture was by using their food and their restaurants as forward cultural outposts." Korea has had a 'gastrodiplomatic' program too, says Ruckower, in part to distinguish Korean culture from that of Japan. "They even supported a program called the bi bim bap backpackers. [It was a] group of Koreans who were traveling around making the Korean dish bi bim bap for all the people they met along the way." Peru, Taiwan and others: all sort of countries has been getting in on gastrodiplomacy, including, as of last fall, the United States. The State Department launched a 'Diplomatic Culinary Partnership' which connects chefs from around the world with people in the industry over here. Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton introduced the initiative. "Food isn't traditionally thought of as a diplomatic tool," she said, "but I think it's the oldest diplomatic tool. Certainly some of the most meaningful conversations I've had with my counterparts around the world have taken place over breakfasts, lunches, and dinners." A Patriotic Pot All of this is to say: making food connects people. And that includes the pressure cooker, a tool for food that, after the events in Boston, deserves to be rehabilitated in Google searches and kitchens as quickly as possible. If you search online you'll find people from all over the world extolling the virtues of the device, including one particularly excitable German. And, if you still need convincing, consider the pressure cooker's patriotic pedigree. During the Second World War, aluminum was regulated. As a result the manufacture of new pressure cookers was limited. But with fuel and food shortages, the cookers became less of a convenience and more of a necessity. So those Americans who did have pressure cookers shared them with their neighbors. Together, they made the best of hard times.
KUALA LUMPUR: More than 100 Grab drivers are protesting the company's policy of making deductions for every passenger they fail to pick up.
Driver Mohd Kamarul Faisal Kamarulzaman, 41, claimed some had their earnings slashed by between RM1,100 and RM1,600 a month since the policy was introduced.
He said Grab was deducting more money than it should without any explanation.
“If we don't do one job, Grab deducts RM1,” he said at a press conference called by the Small and Medium-Scale Entrepreneurs Association of Malaysia (Ikhlas) today.
He said even if the drivers picked up only half of the average number of 50 passengers a day, the monthly deductions were still too high.
Kamarul said the drivers were hard-pressed to support their families with their reduced earnings as some of them rented or had bought new cars just to work for Grab.
Another Grab driver, who declined to be named, said Grab had deducted RM200 of his income and some Grab drivers who had their income reduced were thinking of quitting.
“Over the past two weeks, Grab drivers have received messages that if we do not pick up a passenger, RM1 would be deducted from our income. I hope to Grab reviews this policy.”
Ikhlas president Mohd Ridzuan Abdullah gave Grab a week to resolve the issue, failing which the drivers would lodge a police report.
He said Grab should not victimise its drivers.
Grab recently introduced an acceptance reward and cancellation fee scheme to deter drivers from ignoring or cancelling rides.
A Grab spokeswoman said the purpose of this exercise was to ensure that drivers were conscientious of their bookings and continued to serve their passengers.
“Partners who cancel or ignore any job are penalised RM1 per job. However, they are given three chances per day before the penalty kicks in.
“On the flip side, drivers who are part of this exercise will also be rewarded with an additional RM1.50 should they complete any booking,” she said in a statement.
She said this enabled part-time drivers to earn more on top of the current earnings module and gave an opportunity to genuine and full-time drivers to accept more jobs.
She welcomed any drivers unclear of the calculations to approach them and discuss any issues they had.
“We are willing to listen to concerns and feedback.”
George Osborne has told the Ministry of Defence and other Whitehall departments that they still need to find billions of pounds worth of cuts this year to help Britain go into "that extra gear" and secure the economic recovery.
Mr Osborne said that "the more you can do early, the smoother the ride", as he said that unprotected departments will be expected to find £13 billion worth of departmental savings .
The chancellor disclosed that Greg Hands, the new chief secretary, has written to every government department except health, education and international development ordering them to find cuts.
It comes as the government faces a potential back-bench rebellion unless it commits to spending 2 per cent of Britain's national income on defence.
In a speech that underlined his credentials as a potential future leader of the Conservative Party, Mr Osborne said he wanted Britain secure "higher living standards for the next generation to come".
He said: "We are two weeks into a five year Parliament. The team around the Cabinet table is strong and experienced. Confidence in the British economy is at its highest level in 12 years. If we don't, together, fix our country's long term weaknesses now – when will we?"
• Top bosses urge George Osborne to slash spending
• Welfare spending: How will the Conservatives handle it?
The Institute for Fiscal Studies has said that unprotected departments could be forced to make the equivalent of 18 per cent of additional cuts in real terms, about the same amount as over the past four weeks.
It has been suggested that the Ministry of Defence, Department for Communities and Local Government and the Ministry of Justice could bear the brunt of the austerity measures.
Speaking at the CBI in London, Mr Osborne said: "When it comes to saving money we all know that the more you can do early, the smoother the ride."
He said: "We've achieved underspends in previous years; we can do so again this year. When it comes to saving money, we all know that the more you can do early, the smoother the ride.
"And without fixing the public finances so our country lives within its means there can be no economic security for businesses or working people.”
He announced that the government will publish a "plan to make Britain work better" and help address "long running weaknesses" in transport, broadband, childcare, red tape, science and innovation.
• Britain faces mass strike action as George Osborne prepares spending cuts
• Business Secretary Sajid Javid to cut £10bn of small business red tape
"It is now within our grasp to make Britain the most prosperous country in the world, and the best place to do business.It would be very easy at the beginning of a second term to take our foot off the pedal.
"That's not what we're going to do. I want Britain to find that extra gear. So we deliver for working people. And with your help, that's exactly what I intend to do.”
He also appeared to criticise the teaching union, saying it was "unacceptable" that Britain is one of the only countries in the developed world where the skills of young people are no better than 55 to 65 year-olds
He said: "What an indictment of those vested interests who still oppose the changes we're making to raise standards in classrooms.
"We're going to take them on and deliver further reform – so kids in failing or coasting schools get the decent education that should be a birthright in our country, and we're going to hugely expand apprenticeships."
Now, after a decade that seemed to tilt the regional balance toward Iran, Saudi Arabia decided that Bahrain was the place to put its thumb more heavily on the scale. It sent troops under the auspices of the Gulf Cooperation Council to help crush pro-democracy demonstrations because most of the protesters were Shiites challenging a Sunni king.
“If the political opposition in Bahrain wins, Saudi loses in this regional context,” said Mustafa el-Labbad, director of Al Sharq Center for Regional and Strategic Studies in Cairo. “Saudi is regarding itself as the defender of Sunnis. And Iran is trying to defend Shiites in the region.”
The problem for the United States, however, is that Bahrain, at Saudi urging, chose to resolve its fears with force, rather than by addressing the protesters' demands for democratic reform, as American officials had publicly encouraged.
And for that reason, the military deployment may now have a profound impact on the United States and its primary strategic interest in Bahrain, the Navy base it maintains there.
Because Washington did not ultimately support the protesters' demands — as it came to do in Egypt and as it has now, very late in the game, come to back foreign intervention in Libya — many protesters believe that the Saudi troops were sent in with American complicity, or at least with an expectation of American acquiescence. So, among the protesters, who turned out by the tens of thousands, the crackdown may well yield animosity toward America and its Navy when events finally settle down.
Photo
One American expert in the Persian Gulf who advises policymakers in Washington said the Saudi king's action was taken without regard for what might happen if it fails — if the violence leads only to more violence. The Saudi policy, he said, “is risky and could potentially draw us into conflicts we have not looked for.”
“What if the Bahrain venture fails, who will bail them out? It will have to be us.”
Saudi Arabia's supporters acknowledge that this confrontation can escalate, but they tend to place the responsibility on Iran. “It can lead to that direct conflict if Iran were to interfere and use this as an excuse to interfere,” said Abdulaziz O. Sager, chairman of the Gulf Research Center, which is based in Dubai. “I hope Iran can understand that any interference will not be acceptable.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There has been no evidence that Iran played a part in Bahrain's uprising, which was led by young Bahrainis from the Shiite majority. Still, many protesters have said, it is reasonable to expect Shiites to be more receptive to Iran if they do gain power. There is little doubt, they also say, that a Shiite-led government would be less receptive to the Saudis.
Even some of the Iranian regime's harshest critics are saying the Saudi military venture in Bahrain will change the narrative of the region in Iran's favor. Abbas Milani, an Iranian who went into exile after the 1979 revolution and is now director of Iranian studies at Stanford University, put it this way: “Iran, as the most brutal authoritarian regime in the region, will now have the chance to seem to stand with the democratic aspirations of the people, and against authoritarians clinging to power.”
The Saudi king's decision to back King Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa's crackdown in Bahrain also underscored the challenge the United States often faces with its closest allies in the Middle East, where some interests align — like protecting the flow of oil — and others do not, like financing global terrorism. Saudi Arabia has moved aggressively to cut off radical Islamic terrorism within its own borders, but it has addressed the global phenomenon with far less conviction, many American experts have said.
One of those experts was Richard C. Holbrooke, the United States special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan. Shortly before his death last year, he was asked if heroin was the top source of funds for the Taliban. The answer was no. “It's the gulf,” he said, meaning cash from sources in Saudi Arabia and another American ally, Kuwait.
One effect of the crackdown was to underscore President Obama's failure to close the gap in expectations between his talk of democracy during his historic speech in Cairo in 2009 and his actions on the ground. The contortions needed to preserve the old model of stability while supporting aspirations for democracy were strikingly evident in a comment by Senator John Kerry, an ally of the president. “They are not looking for violence in the streets,” the senator said of the Saudi troops moving into Bahrain. “They would like to encourage the king and others to engage in reforms and a dialogue.”
Time quickly proved him wrong. The violence started the next day, and it was not only Iran that blamed Washington. “Where are the Americans, where are the Americans, why are they allowing this, they are killing us with heavy guns, where are the Americans?” shrieked Hussein Muhammad, 37, a bookstore owner and political activist, in a breathless phone call Wednesday from Manama.
When the tear gas cleared, the streets of Manama were littered with canisters that said, on their side, that they had been made in the United States.
While Washington has pressed for restraint, it has also continued to support the monarchy.
“My guess is that there are probably very significant parts of our government that were happy with this,” said Daniel C. Kurtzer, a professor at Princeton who was ambassador to Egypt under President Bill Clinton, and to Israel under President George W. Bush. “Although they are not able to say it, because other parts of our government see it as destabilizing. I think parts of our government are looking at the Iranian threat and the possibility of Bahrain being the first dominoes in the gulf to fall.”
Mr. Kurtzer pointed to an irony in that line of thought: the decision to support Bahrain's king this time may undermine short-run interests the United States thought it was protecting. For 60 years, the United States has based the Navy's Fifth Fleet in Bahrain. It operates openly, and its personnel have enjoyed largely unrestricted freedom of movement around the kingdom.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But last week, the Navy authorized family members and nonessential personnel to leave. The question now is: How safe will United States ships and personnel be surrounded by a population that may see Americans as complicit in the crackdown?
The Islamic Front, a coalition of several leading insurgency groups in Syria, has released a statement rejecting the caliphate announced by its rivals in the Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot, in late June.
And the Islamic Front also says that any proposed emirate (state) or other government that is not agreed upon by the “people of power and decision” is unacceptable. The latter objection is almost certainly intended as a warning to the Al Nusrah Front, al Qaeda's official branch in Syria.
Earlier this month, an audio recording of a speech by Abu Muhammad al Julani, the Al Nusrah Front's emir, was leaked online. “The time has come … for us to establish an Islamic emirate in the Levant, to implement the limits and punishments of God Almighty, and his laws in every sense of the word, without compromise, complacency, equivocation, or circumvention,” Julani says in the recording.
Julani's words were widely interpreted by jihadists and other Islamists in Syria, as well as observers outside of the country, as indicating that the Al Nusrah Front was going to announce the creation of an emirate soon. This anticipated move was seen as a natural response to the Islamic State's caliphate, which Al Nusrah fiercely opposes.
The audio of Julani's speech created so much buzz and controversy in jihadist circles that the Al Nusrah Front was forced to issue a “clarification” shortly after it was leaked. In a statement, Al Nusrah said it had “not announced the establishment of an emirate, yet.” Julani's group added: “When the time comes and the sincere mujahideen and the pious scholars agree with our stance, we will announce this emirate, by the Will of Allah.”
The audio of Julani's speech had the potential to upset relations between the Al Nusrah Front and other insurgent groups. Al Nusrah has positioned itself as an acceptable jihadist alternative to the Islamic State, led by Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, who is now called “Caliph Ibrahim” by his supporters.
Both the Al Nusrah Front and the Islamic Front have battled Baghdadi's Islamic State for months. Indeed, Al Nusrah has been especially close to Ahrar al Sham, an al Qaeda-linked group that is one of the most powerful organizations inside the Islamic Front. (Some in the West have argued that the Islamic Front is a relatively moderate rebel coalition, but its ties to al Qaeda undermine this claim.)
The Al Nusrah Front and its allies in the Islamic Front have consistently rejected Baghdadi's unilateral claim to rule. But the leaked audio of Julani's speech can be interpreted as meaning that Al Nusrah intends to declare the establishment of an Islamic emirate without the blessing of other leading factions in the insurgency. That is, some jihadists fear that Julani could be heading down a path similar to Baghdadi's.
In its newly-released statement, the Islamic Front makes it clear that any such initiative will be rejected. The statement was released in both English and Arabic on the group's Twitter feeds. A screen shot of the Islamic Front's English language Twitter page can be seen above.
“Any announcement of a caliphate or emirate or government that is not chosen by the people of the Levant and not accepted by ‘Ahl Al-Hal wa Alaqd‘ (people of power and decision)…is a rejected announcement and belongs only to the people who made it,” the Islamic Front's statement reads. “The murderer Assad regime depends on the consequences of such announcements, and on the infightings resulted from them to stay in power; so we should not give it the opportunity through showing great amount of wisdom and responsibility.”
The Islamic Front goes on to warn that no group should “consider itself a legitimate ruler” at the expense of others, “because this would lead to a fitna (strife or infighting) and shedding of blood that may lead to failing the revolution of the people in the Levant, and taking away their hopes of winning this war after hundreds of thousands have been killed and injured, and millions displaced.”
Bashar al Assad's “regime should be overthrown” before the establishment of an Islamic government, the Islamic Front argues, and the “complete system of operating a country, providing the basics, and carrying out the hudud [punishments according to sharia law] could not be achieved by a single group.”
Instead, according to the Islamic Front, the “legitimate” Islamic bodies should be supported in each “liberated” area and the “people of knowledge should be asked to determine what should be handled immediately without any delay.” In other words, neither the Islamic State, nor the Al Nusrah Front, should impose its will on the other jihadist and Islamist groups overseeing territory won from the Assad regime.
This is not the first time that there has been tension between the Islamic Front and Al Nusrah. In May, the Islamic Front and other allied groups released a “revolutionary covenant” that was intended to allay concerns about the role of extremists in the Syrian rebellion. The Al Nusrah Front swiftly rejected the covenant, arguing that it was not sufficiently rooted in religious principles and was too nationalistic in its focus.
Despite these disagreements, the Al Nusrah Front and the Islamic Front continue to jointly conduct operations.
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
Dozens of House lawmakers want the Obama administration to release the secret “black budget” used to fund intelligence agencies.
A bipartisan group of 62 members of Congress wrote President Obama a letter on Wednesday asking him to release the fiscal 2015 spending levels for 16 federal spy agencies when he delivers the rest of his budget to Congress on March 4.
“The current practice of providing no specificity whatsoever regarding the overall budget requests for each intelligence agency falls woefully short of basic accountability requirements,” the legislators wrote.
ADVERTISEMENT
“As you develop your fiscal year 2015 budget, we strongly urge you to take a simple step toward much-needed transparency by including the total amount requested for each of the sixteen intelligence agencies. We believe the top line number for each agency should be made public, with no risk to national security, for comparative purposes across all federal government agencies.”
Wednesday's request was led by Reps. Peter Welch Peter Francis WelchBooker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Drug pricing fight centers on insulin | Florida governor working with Trump to import cheaper drugs | Dems blast proposed ObamaCare changes Bill would let patients buy cheaper insulin from other countries MORE (D-Vt.) and Cynthia Lummis Cynthia Marie LummisTrump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Trump's shifting Cabinet to introduce new faces The Hill's Morning Report — What a shutdown would mean for the government MORE (R-Wyo.), who last month introduced the Intelligence Budget Transparency Act. The bill would require the administration to release basic details about the spy agencies' budgets.
The federal government has disclosed the overall amount of money spent to fund the intelligence community since 2007, but has kept classified more specific details about the individual budgets of agencies like the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency (NSA).
Documents released by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden last year showed that the CIA has grown to eat up about 28 percent of the $52.6 billion spent in 2013. The $14.7 billion it received was about 50 percent more than the NSA's funding.
The White House did not immediately respond to an inquiry from The Hill about the lawmakers' request.
The item you are looking for is no longer available. Please browse our current selection of similar items.
Add a classic touch to your outdoor decor with exquisite garden and patio furniture available from Hammacher Schlemmer.
Plan picnics with ‘The Clamp On Picnic Table Canopy,' a portable canopy which clamps on to any rectangular wooden table, or carry ‘The Clamp-On Sun Umbrella,' a portable umbrella that will fasten onto your outdoor tables and chairs. These come with a lifetime guarantee and provide all-around sun protection.
Explore our outdoor furniture selection for a range of hammocks and glider chairs, and the exquisite ‘Pawleys Island Hammocks'.
Enjoy all-weather barbeques and campfires with ‘The Finnish Grill House,' an authentic,replica of the iconic Scandinavian cooking hut, complete with folding tables, LED lights, storage space, double glazed windows, and a shingled roof.
MANCHESTER, NH - SEPTEMBER 19: Democratic Presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) makes a fist while talking on stage during the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention on September 19, 2015 in Manchester, New Hampshire. Five Democratic presidential candidates are all expected to address the crowd inside the Verizon Wireless Arena. (Photo by Scott Eisen/Getty Images)
How easy it is to mock the Republican candidates. They're the gang in the clown car climbing all over each other to offer a reactionary message of disarray that has all but destroyed the chances of the Bush family dynasty continuing. But isn't that a grand achievement for the democratic process?
Why continue a political legacy that has failed in so many dramatic ways to serve the needs of the American public, instead giving us irrational but high-tech wars dealing death from the skies, heartless banking deregulation boosting the fortunes of the rich at the expense of the vast majority, and a vast state apparatus of surveillance enforced by the imprisonment of any whistleblowers who dare reveal its existence?
Good riddance to bad rubbish, except that the alternatives of Trump, Fiorina or Carson only make Jeb Bush look stunningly reasonable in comparison. The other problem is that Hillary Clinton, the leading Democratic candidate, is not fundamentally different from the scion of the Bush dynasty. She is instead a perfect stand-in for Jeb Bush if, as appears likely, the Republican Party should reject him for the sin, as with House Speaker John Boehner, of appearing too moderate. For Democrats, appearing moderate is quite easy, as Clinton proved as a senator and secretary of state: Just carry water for the military-industrial complex and Wall Street while pretending to be concerned about the ordinary folks who suffer from those costly policies.
Clinton, in rhetoric and action, will never allow a Republican opponent to appear more hawkish than herself. In the general election, she will burnish her record of support for every bit of military folly from George W.'s invasion of Iraq to her own engineering of the campaign to overthrow all secular dictators in the Middle East who have proved to be an inconvenience to the Saudi theocracy.
During her tenure in the Obama administration, Clinton, by her own frequent boastful admission, was the hawk in the Cabinet pressuring the president to be even more aggressive in his drone assassinations and murderous air wars, which have destabilized the region and created what the pope recently termed the worst refugee crisis since the Second World War.
But it is the still troubled economy that will dominate the election, and it is the failure of the Democratic Party establishment--now represented singularly by Clinton--to deal with the lingering recession that explains the startling rise of Bernie Sanders as a viable candidate.
The Vermont senator's success is not a result of charisma or image manipulation, both of which he quite properly treats as dangerous distractions from what ails us, but rather his deeply informed critique of the bipartisan policies of Presidents Clinton and Bush that have brought so much misery in their wakes.
What makes Sanders appear less formidable to the party bosses is that although he is now matching Hillary Clinton in the all-important fundraising category, he has received mainly small contributions. That and the fact that his positions on health care and banking regulation take on entrenched moneyed interests rather than cravenly cater to them.
Whereas Sanders supports the efforts by Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Sen. John McCain to restore the Glass-Steagall barrier against merging commercial and investment banking, Clinton still insists her husband did the right thing in signing off on the reversal of the sensible banking practice initiated by Franklin Delano Roosevelt to prevent another Great Depression.
A year after he approved the destruction of the Glass-Steagall Act, Bill Clinton signed off on an even more egregious enabler of banking greed called the Commodity Futures Modernization Act that certainly enhanced Hillary's future Senate fundraising prospects. Even then-Rep. Bernie Sanders fell for that one. Only four members of the House, Ron Paul among them, had the courage and wisdom to vote against legislation that banned any regulation of the newfangled default swaps and collateralized debt obligations that came close to wrecking the world's economy.
Hopefully Sanders has learned from that moment not to trust the Clintons to guard against the chicanery of bankers. He should challenge Hillary's claimed concern for the well-being of black and brown people, who right now are her advantage in polling. As the St. Louis Federal Reserve recently reported, even college-educated minorities were particularly devastated by the mortgage scams made legal through Bill Clinton's banking "modernization."
What voters of every racial or ethnic group should understand is that the Clinton gift--worth billions to the banking industry--robbed all working Americans of the opportunity to improve their lot, as shown by the astounding growth in wealth inequality since the Clinton presidency.
There is a swarm of about 481 icebergs parked in the shipping lanes of the North Atlantic right now, creating a hazardous area so treacherous that ships are having to detour 400 nautical miles out of their way to avoid the Titanic's infamous fate.
The number of icebergs is unusual not only because of the large number but also because of the speed at which the icebergs gathered, and strange timing, early in the year.
“As of March 27 we had only tracked 37 icebergs into the transatlantic shipping lanes in the 2017 ice season. One week later, on April 3 we had 455,” says Coast Guard Commander Gabrielle McGrath, the head of the International Ice Patrol. “We're now at 481 at this point.”
The International Ice Patrol (IIP) has records that stretch back to the early 1900s. McGrath says the average number of icebergs that have encroached into this area at the end of March is about 83. By the end of April that rises to 212—high, but not as high as we're seeing now. Usually, this number of icebergs isn't seen until the end of August, which averages a count of about 485.
The IIP monitors 500,000 square miles of ocean, keeping track of icebergs in the North Atlantic. The Patrol was set up in the aftermath of the Titanic disaster. In its 104 year history, no ship that has heeded one of the Patrol's daily charts and warnings has collided with an iceberg. “We have had some issues with iceberg collisions, but that happened to ships that did not heed our warnings, and went inside the iceberg limit,” McGrath says.
“I have about a decade of experience with the Ice Patrol, and in my time here, and talking with people who have been here longer, I've never seen anything like this or heard of anything like this before,” McGrath says. A perfect combination of weather patterns set up the unusual iceberg influx that shipping companies are contending with today.
The icebergs we're seeing actually started their journey years ago. It usually takes between one to three years for an iceberg to make its way from breaking off of a glacier in Greenland—a process called calving—to floating in the transatlantic shipping lanes at a latitude of about 48 degrees North. It takes so long because the icebergs don't head straight south. Instead, McGrath says, they go north first—in the West Greenland current—then make a u-turn and head south again in the Labrador current.
Egyptian archaeologists excavating the Mortuary Temple of King Amenhotep III in Luxor have unearthed a number of statues of the goddess Sekhmet, daughter of the ancient Egyptian sun god Re, project director Hourig Sourouzian told Ahram Online on Thursday.
"They are of great artistic quality" Sourouzian said of the statues, which were found in four parts, including three busts and one headless torso, in the Kom El-Hettan archaeological area on Luxor's west bank.
Sourouzian oversees the work of the Colossi of Memnon and Amenhotep III Temple Conservation Project, which is working to save the remains of the more than 3,000 year-old temple and eventually restore its dispersed artefacts to the site, to be presented in their original layout.
The project director said her team found the Sekhmet pieces in very good condition, buried in the temple's hypostyle hall—a roofed structure supported by columns. Several other statues of the goddess have been found previously on the same site.
According to Mahmoud Afifi, head of the Ancient Egyptian Antiquities Department at the Ministry of Antiquities, the lion-headed goddess Sekhmet was charged with defending her father Re against enemies.
The many statues of the goddess in the temple of Amenhotep III would also have been intended to protect the ruler from evil and disease, Afifi told Ahram Online.
"All statues of the goddess are now stored in warehouses supervised by the Ministry of Antiquities for security reasons,” Afifi said, adding that when excavations at the temple are completed and the site is opened to visitors, the statues will be placed back in their original setting.
In addition to the statues of Sekhmet, Sourouzian's team have uncovered large pieces of sphinxes carved in limestone, as well as a small torso of a deity in black granite, within the vicinity of the funerary temple's third pylon.
“The sphinxes are in a bad state of preservation and will need to be treated before being exposed,” she said.
Egypt's Minister of Antiquities Khaled El-Enany is set to travel to Luxor on Monday, to inspect the newly discovered statues and attend the opening of a temporary exhibit to celebrate the 41st anniversary of the Luxor Museum.
The exhibit will display a collection of 40 artefacts discovered by archaeologists on the Colossi of Memnon and Amenhotep III Temple Conservation Project.
The artefacts will include a collection of amulets, Greco-Roman coins, remains of clay pots and religious stelae—stone tablets or columns erected as tombstones or boundary markers.
Short link:
This product is now Free.
This project has ben made Open-source, you can find the source code on Github
Compatible with both iPhone and iPad on iOS 7.
ProWidgets is a revolutionary widget suite and framework for iOS. It brings a groundbreaking and convenient way to perform quick tasks anywhere with multi-tasking capability on both iPhone and iPad.
Whenever you want to do something without being disturbed by switching back and forth between apps, just activate a widget right away. Close or minimize it after use. Just that simple, yet it makes your life easier and more productive!
Built-in Widgets
ProWidgets is built with several handy and native-like widgets, including the following:
- Calendar: Quick add a new event, and view upcoming events
- Notes: Quick jot down a note, and manage saved notes
- Reminders: Quick add a reminder, and manage previous reminders
- Messages: Quick compose a new message (SMS and iMessage)
- Mail: Quick compose an email
- Browser: Open web links in app, and add bookmarks to Safari and Chrome* from any app
- Dictionary: Look up the definition of a word anywhere
- Alarm: Set up a new alarm, and quick toggle the existing alarms
- Timer: Start and pause a timer anywhere
More widgets are coming! Including Spotify and Google Authenticator!
* Chrome support in Browser widget will be added in the future updates.
Activation Methods
You could activate a widget anywhere, from Today View, Lock Screen, to Control Center, Notification Center, and of course Activator! Just pick any place to activate your favorite widgets, for instance, quick toggle existing alarms right from the lock screen, or swipe the status bar in any app to add a new reminder or note.
Multi-tasking Capability
ProWidgets is also built with a powerful multi-tasking capability. Widgets could be maximized or minimized anytime and anywhere. They won't disturb you from using the current app, just maximize it back whenever you need it. If you are on iPad, it is even capable of displaying multiple widgets on the screen simultaneously, for instance, jotting a note while searching a term on Google with Browser widget.
Third-party Add-ons
ProWidgets also supports third-party widgets and themes. Go check out some cool themes and widgets from the community! Third-party add-ons can be installed in Cydia or via URL.
See more Screenshots below..
Mining for precious metals has always been an underground pursuit as that is where the materials lay, however, when it comes to Cryptocurrency mining it can happen anywhere.
That, however, does not mean that taking it back to its roots, underground, is a bad idea as Ice Rock Mining has discovered. The company has procured a former Soviet bunker where they aim to set up a large-scale mining operation in order to reach optimum efficiency in minting new cryptocurrency coins.
Ice Rock is also looking to turn this venture into an investable one so that those who do not have access to a Soviet bunker can also benefit from the advantages of heading underground for crypto-mining.
Why go underground
Mining was always a pursuit that allowed for any and all to do their bit to profit from cryptocurrencies, however as things have changed, and the difficulty has scaled, that is no longer the case.
Mining is all about margins and in order to increase their margins Ice Rock think they have found the perfect base of operations. Inside the Soviet bunker, situated in Kazakhstan, they are looking to fit in 4,600 ASIC Rigs that will benefit from a number of advantages.
Firstly, Ice Rock claim, that because they are based where they are, near a hydroelectric power source they have access to super cheap electricity. The figure put forward by the company sits at $0.03 per/kWh.
Because electricity is usually the biggest expense, the fact that they can cut costs there means that their margins should naturally be higher, but they hope to take it further.
The bunker has its own ecosystem which maintains the temperature at a chilly 12 degrees, that temperature, however, is the idea for mining rigs, and because it is a natural phenomenon, this is another cost save for Ice Rock.
Ice Rock have also acquired the bunker, which one must remember is essentially a rock cave, so there is no rental cost and barely any maintenance on the ‘building'
Opportunities
It all sounds like a perfect spot to set up a mining operation, but it is an option afforded to very few – having your own Soviet Bunker. That is why Ice Rock is looking to open up this high margin mining operation to other miners, as well as pure investors in the form of an ICO.
Through their ICO and their token – the ROCK token – they will either let those who want to be a part of a mining operation buy packages which they can customize, essentially buying a spot within the mining farm which they can profit from in terms of cloud mining.
This cloud mining-type system is said to be profitable says Ice Rock because they have taken huge steps to increase the margins. However, they are also allowing those who simply want to buy into the premise of the company to invest with their ROCK tokens which will be able to be traded normally once they are released.
A mining ICO
By combining an ICO with a mining operation and access through cloud mining Ice Rock are hoping they can spread the margins they have built up around as much as possible.
Mining has become far more exclusionary because of its difficulty, but by making it profitable, those who are interested can be a part of a Soviet bunker mining farm from the comfort of their own home.
Even those who see a future in mining are offered a chance at investing in an ICO that is focused on an integral part of digital currencies – its mining operation.
You know how there are some things that you should just never, ever lose? Like your grandmother's ashes, or, say, the authorization codes for the president to order a nuclear strike? Well apparently someone did that a few years ago.
That's right! According to a new memoir by former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Hugh Shelton (summarized by Tom Ricks), an aide to President Clinton lost the authorization codes that the president would use to order a nuclear strike:
He doesn't really explain what happened or who knew about it, except that the guy who was supposed to make sure once a month that an aide to the president had the codes kept getting the runaround, and putting up with it. It turned out that an aide to the president had misplaced the codes, and had no idea where they were. The situation only came to light when it was time to collect the old codes and replace them with new ones, and the aide apparently confessed. Shelton tells the story a bit oddly — I had to read this section a few times. I am guessing that the story is about the nuclear "football" that a military aide carries. It made me wonder what happened to that aide. Also, what would have happened if the president had decided to launch a nuclear strike?
Uh, yeah? I don't know that much about this whole "nuclear strike" thing, since I'm unfortunately not authorized to order any, but this seems like, I don't know, a bad system. Can't the president just keep them in his pocket, or something?
Either way, enjoy sleeping tonight!
[Tom Ricks/Foreign Policy via Matt Yglesias]
Rivers Casino & Resort in Schenectady begins interviewing potential dealers, will launch free dealer school in October
SCHENECTADY, NY — Rivers Casino & Resort Schenectady has announced the start of the interview process for dealer positions before beginning the first session of its free Dealer School classes. Applicants will be invited to interview over the coming days and weeks leading up to the launch of the Dealer School.
Candidates do not need to have prior dealer experience; those who are 21 or older and interested in a dealer career are encouraged to apply immediately. Qualified applicants will be called to interview for a position in the Dealer School. There is no cost associated with the school and Rivers Casino & Resort will pay gaming license fees for all team members hired at the property.
Dealer School classes begin on October 17, with Poker Dealer School beginning October 24, and will be held at 1482 Erie Boulevard, right across the street from the under construction Rivers Casino & Resort. Classes will run for 10 to 12 weeks, depending on concentration, and will feature morning, evening and weekend sessions to accommodate trainees' schedules.
Job descriptions and application information here.
“Whether it's blackjack, craps, poker or any of the other exciting table games we'll have at Rivers Casino & Resort, being a great dealer takes lots of practice in addition to having a great personality,” said the casino's general manager, Mary Cheeks. “This is a fun, fast-paced environment in which to begin building a career in the gaming industry. I encourage everyone interested in a dealer position to apply immediately on our website to ensure we have time to review their information before the first Dealer School begins.”
The operator of Rivers Casino & Resort, Rush Street Gaming, operates three other casinos, all of which have been named a 2015 “Best Place to Work” or “Top Workplace” by their team members. Rivers Casino & Resort team members will be eligible for workplace benefits that include 401(k), health insurance, paid time off, tuition reimbursement, free uniforms, free parking and opportunity for career growth.
Rivers Casino & Resort is a $330 million project that will have a 50,000-square-foot gaming floor with 1,157 slot machines, 66 gaming tables and 15 poker tables attached to a 163-room hotel and a 10,000-square-foot banquet facility capable of hosting up to more than 900 people for conventions and special events, one of the largest spaces in the region. Additionally, the property will have a steakhouse, a marketplace with light fare eateries, entertainment lounge and day spa. The casino will take full advantage of its riverfront position with outdoor patios and pre-function spaces.
Hiring will be done in stages for all positions—leading up to an early 2017 opening of the facility. Job seekers are encouraged to visit the website for job descriptions and apply as soon as possible.
For more information on Rivers Casino & Resort, visit www.riverscasinoandresort.com.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Related
Comment on this Story
Whence come I, this darkness surrounding
At once, the nightmare angel does protest.
My spirit clambers towards the light, resounding;
My troubled soul his force arrests.
Writhing about, this muck profounding
Overthrowing, among us, even our best.
The twilight angel stands before us, mocking;
Presumptuous demon, he's always knocking.
Recourse to reason, he begs us draw
This fatal sweetness ours to catch.
Alas, this essence is his Fall,
I reach to grab it, ever his wretch.
The trap now sprung I heed his call,
Cursing our fateful act—arms outstretched.
Now repugnant; chaotically gnashing
My mind in chains, forever thrashing.
Woe is he who aims his bow
At this clever trick, I write.
‘This sentence is false,' you claim to know;
Now murder your soul, out of spite.
Wagers, bargains, for the answer I'll show,
In arrogance, we measure our might.
The strongest muscle cannot break them,
In faith alone, can you shake him.
In youth, this wisdom does not take;
Humbled and cautious the children are not.
What led us to this fatal mistake,
Where the seeds planted already rot?
The field, once ours, we must remake,
A fiery chasm burning white hot.
A tree needs pruning, now and then;
Time is short, I must begin.
Weird Biodegradable Plastic Made from Cow Bones
March 31st, 2011 by Tina Casey
The Cattle Carcass Conundrum
Until a couple of years ago, cattle carcasses were routinely ground up and used to make food for domesticated animals, including pets. Then Mad Cow Disease happened in the U.K. The lethal disease can be spread by ingesting certain parts of infected cattle. In order to prevent mass infection in the U.S., the Food and Drug Administration classified certain cattle parts and whole carcasses of older cattle as “cattle material prohibited in animal feed.” As cattle herds cycle out of the age limit, the sheer bulk of the problem will diminish, but that still leaves a lot of ongoing waste, in addition to waste spikes that may arise if and when other diseases appear.
Bioplastic from Bone Meal
The Clemson team used a combination of meat and bone meal to engineer a bioplastic, using a process that has the added advantage of deactivating the infectious agent that causes bovine spongiform encephalopathy, aka Mad Cow Disease. They also found that the new bioplastic can be mixed with an ultra-durable form of polyethylene plastic, without significantly weakening the characteristics of the polyethylene. This gives rise to the possibility that one day in the future, high-durability products such as skis and snowboards may be some day include a bit of bone meal.
What Good is a Partly Biodegradable Plastic?
All things being equal, a material that is part bioplastic, part conventional plastic is not a particularly sustainable solution. However, as a transitional material, the new bone meal plastic can at least help reduce the need for petroleum feedstock to manufacture a wide variety of items, including ones that call for durability. Biodegradable car parts are on the rise, for example, not only from vegetable matter but also from at least animal-derived source, chicken feathers.
Image: Cattle skull by Tom Hilton on flickr.com.
CNN led the way, with Jeff Zeleny noting that "a lot of these country music supporters are likely Trump supporters." Really? Did CNN survey the concert audience? Is love of country music a requirement for Club GOP?
Another mass shooting this week. Prayers and emotion from President Trump. Attempts to understand means and motives by those trying to make sense of such tragedy and loss. And as predictable as sunrise and sunset, politicization of tragedy by the left.
Disgraced and fired CBS vice president Hayley Geftman-Gold chimed in with "I'm actually not even sympathetic bc country music fans often are Republican gun toters." After CBS surprisingly and swiftly fired her, she apologized, saying about her comments, "Nor do they reflect my actual beliefs." Yet her commentary did reflect her gut instinct, her initial response to the shooting – in other words, her "actual beliefs."
And in a losing attempt to remain relevant, two-time failed presidential candidate Hillary "What Happened" Clinton tried to tie the Las Vegas shooting to the NRA. "Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again."
As if the NRA had arranged or desired such a shooting massacre. The NRA promotes firearm education and safety, not murder – but apparently not in Mrs. Clinton's mind. If the NRA had been abolished last year, how would that have prevented this week's shooting? Or the daily carnage in Chicago? Did the NRA provide the shooter's weapons cache? Did it help him organize his massacre? The NRA will be the first to condemn this shooting. Yet in Mrs. Clinton's mind, the NRA is the problem.
Democrat members of Congress take it farther. Rep. Jim Himes said of Congress, "There is blood on our hands ... until we face down the gun lobby." By that logic, Congress has plenty of blood on its hands. Members of Congress take far more money from Big Pharma than the gun lobby. So do they have blood on their hands from drug overdoses and opioid addiction? What about the quarter of a million deaths due to medical errors? Any condemnation of the hospital and medical insurance lobbies that give generously to members of Congress?
Back to guns. Who owns guns? Not surprisingly, gun owners are more likely Republican than Democrat. Of those who personally own a gun, 41 percent are Republican, 16 percent Democrat, and 26 percent independent, according to a Pew Research Center Study. Hardly a landslide.
For comparison, among electric car owners, 86 percent are Democrats, while only 14 percent are Republican – much more of disparity than with guns. Suppose Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock had chosen a Tesla rather than a rifle as his murder weapon, driving the Tesla at high speed into a hip-hop concert crowd in similar fashion to some recent terrorist attacks in Europe. Would that justify comments about Democrats as were made about Republicans by CNN or CBS? Doubtful.
This correlation between gun ownership or electric car preference and political affiliation is not likely to surprise anyone. What about a different correlation – specifically, guns per person and the gun homicide rate?
That sounds like a no-brainer. More guns, more murders. That's what we hear constantly from the media, Democrats, late-night comedians, and other leftists. Gun control advocates are always making this argument. Seems logical. But is it true?
A chart from the American Enterprise Institute tells a different story. Beginning in 1994 and moving through 2014, as guns per person increased, the gun homicide rate decreased. The graphs are inversely proportional, a virtual mirror-image of each other. Gun ownership increases by 50 percent, and homicides decrease by 50 percent. How can that be? I thought guns were the problem.
Another way to look at this is the correlation between the number of privately owned firearms and the homicide rate. Again, inversely proportional. More guns, fewer murders. Huh? That's not what I hear on the evening news or cable news gab-fests.
How can this be? More guns, especially in the hands of racist, sexist, homophobic, Christian, country music-loving, Trump-supporting Republicans, means open season on anyone and everyone who doesn't share this white privilege. At least that's what CNN and MSNBC say.
You mean guns don't just shoot on their own? That it takes a human being holding the gun to use it? And these are for sport or self-defense, as the vast majority of legal gun owners do, or for murder and mayhem, as criminals and deranged individuals do.
Another inconvenient fact is that most gun deaths are suicides – not mass shootings like what we saw this week in Las Vegas.
It may come as a surprise to liberals that most legal gun-owners are law-abiding, not inclined toward murder or mass shootings. Sport and self-defense are the primary reasons people own guns. Exceptions always exist. Stephen Paddock was a legal gun owner, as was Bernie Sanders-supporter James Hodgkinson, who went on a shooting spree a few months ago at a Republican congressional baseball practice session.
Illegal gun owners, meaning criminals, are a different matter. These shoot not at paper targets or clay pigeons, but instead at humans, pulling the trigger for revenge or for a new pair of Nikes. For confirmation of the above AEI graphs, look at Chicago, Detroit, and Baltimore – big cities with ultra-strict gun control laws, meaning fewer legal guns, along with sky-high homicide rates, just as the graphs demonstrated. Fewer guns, more murders. More guns, fewer murders.
How many mass shootings occur in police stations? Or at gun clubs?
Why are we not hearing about Chicago from Jimmy Kimmel and other virtue-signaling entertainers? Is the NRA somehow responsible for as many gun homicides in a typical month in Chicago as the Vegas massacre? Will anyone ask Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Obama about this and whether it's the NRA or liberal Democrat governments and policies causing death and destruction in their home cities?
Not only in the U.S. is this the case, but also in other countries. Research from the Fraser Institute showed that "[r]estrictive firearm legislation has failed to reduce violent crime in Australia, Canada, or Great Britain." Instead, due to an ever growing number of U.S. states allowing citizens to carry concealed handguns for self-defense, "[o]nly the United States has witnessed such a dramatic drop in criminal violence over the past decade" confirming the AEI data of more guns, less homicide, and vice versa.
The reality is that the correlation is complex – demographics, income, culture – and includes a host of other factors, including how these statistics are collected. These all influence the relationship between gun ownership density and homicide rates, as with climate factors and hurricanes. Yet that doesn't stop leftists from issuing proclamations from their moral high horses that have little basis in reality or actual data.
But to say that more guns means more murders is patently false, as the AEI graphs demonstrate. Yet the American left pushes this narrative incessantly, and on the heels of tragic loss of life – a tragedy that no new gun laws would have prevented. Nor would abolishing the NRA have prevented Las Vegas, Sandy Hook, Columbine, or any other tragic mass shooting.
Brian C Joondeph, M.D., MPS is a Denver-based physician and writer. Follow him on Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.
California lawmakers are considering the creation of an ammunition registry that will require ammunition purchasers to go through a background check–including fingerprinting–and obtain an “ammunition purchaser permit” before getting ammo.
The registry is contained in Senate Bill 53, which passed in the California Assembly Public Safety Committee 5-2 on June 12.
According to the NRA-ILA: “If passed and enacted into law, SB 53 would require the collection and reporting of personal consumer information and thumbprinting for all ammunition purchases throughout the state. It would also ban online and mail-order sales of all ammunition, including hunting and collectible ammunition.”
Additionally, SB 53 would require ammunition purchasers to “register with the Department of Justice” and “obtain a costly ammunition purchaser permit that must be renewed every two years.”
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
The St. Louis Cardinals say they like their starting rotation. But that is not preventing them from pursuing a major upgrade.
The team is exploring trades for left-handers Cole Hamels and David Price and the possibility of signing free-agent right-hander Max Scherzer, according to major-league sources.
No deal appears close on any front, and it's possible that the Cardinals will simply decide that the acquisition cost in each case is too high.
Article continues below ...
However, the Cardinals' interest in adding another starter reflects, at least in part, concern about their rotation beyond right-hander Lance Lynn.
Staff ace Adam Wainwright is coming off surgery last October in which he had cartilage trimmed from his right elbow. Michael Wacha pitched only 107 innings last season due to a stress reaction in his right shoulder.
John Lackey is entering his free-agent year, while Carlos Martinez and Marco Gonzales are unproven as starters. Jaime Garcia, the sole veteran left-hander, underwent surgery in July to correct thoracic outlet syndrome in his shoulder and has pitched only 99 innings the past two seasons.
The Cardinals' preference, according to sources, is to add another left-hander; hence, their interest in Hamels and Price. Scherzer holds a different appeal — he is a native of St. Louis and the best pitcher on the free-agent market. However, sources say he is seeking $200 million, and his agent, Scott Boras, generally is not inclined to grant hometown discounts.
Hamels and Price would be expensive in other ways.
The Phillies want premium talent for Hamels, who is owed $90 million over the next four years. Teams usually balk at trading top prospects while taking on expensive contracts. The good news for the Cardinals is that they could acquire Hamels without his permission; they are not on his no-trade list.
If anything, Hamels would welcome a deal to St. Louis, sources say. His wife, Heidi, is from the St. Louis area, and all of her family lives in Missouri, according to the Philadelphia Daily News.
The Cardinals' biggest problem, perhaps, would be satisfying the Phillies.
To secure Hamels, the Cardinals likely would need to part with Martinez or Gonzales as well as an outfielder such as Randal Grichuk or Stephen Piscotty (the Phillies have long coveted Peter Bourjos as well, sources say).
Such a price could be prohibitive.
In the past six months, the Cardinals have traded pitchers Joe Kelly, Shelby Miller and Tyrell Jenkins, depleting their stable of young arms. What's more, the player whom St. Louis acquired to replace the late Oscar Taveras, right fielder Jason Heyward, is entering his free-agent year.
Price would represent a different type of acquisition – he, too, is entering his free-agent year, and projects to earn $18.9 million in arbitration, according to MLBTradeRumors.com.
The Tigers acquired Price last July 31 in a three-team trade that cost them left-hander Drew Smyly, Class-A shortstop Willy Adames and center fielder Austin Jackson, who went to the Mariners.
A second trade of Price surely would result in a lesser return, but it could give the Tigers the flexibility to re-sign Scherzer, who rejected a six-year, $144 million offer from the team last spring.
A Tigers official said on Wednesday, “We are happy with our starting pitching. We are not pursuing any upgrades.” However, sources say the Tigers have yet to approach Price about a contract extension – an indication that they might not view him as a long-term solution.
The Cardinals presumably would acquire Price with the intent of signing him long term. Price almost certainly would be open to the idea, particularly after spending his entire career in the higher-scoring American League.
St. Louis is about a five-hour drive from Nashville, Tenn., where Price lives during the offseason. The pitcher also enjoyed attending a game at Busch Stadium as a fan with several teammates last July, the night before the Rays began a series in St. Louis.
The Cardinals' payroll currently projects to be slightly above their season-ending $115 million figure in 2014. Chairman Bill DeWitt told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch last October that he expects “significant increases” in the team's budget over the next three to five years, mostly due to younger players growing more expensive.
If you were, for some bizarre reason, to gather children at my knee and ask me to impart to them the hard-earned wisdom of my years, I know exactly what I would say:
“If you do something stupid on the Internet, children, never, under any circumstances, try to pass it off as a hacking. This just makes you look like someone who has done something stupid on the Internet AND who does not understand how the Internet actually works.”
I would go on to point out that seldom in history has any self-respecting hacker come dashing in and made you look stupider than you were to begin with. Sure, hackers take over news accounts from time to time and release startling tweets about assassinations and cause the stock market to fluctuate. But when it comes to private individuals, no hacker of note has ever gone waltzing in to your account and started firing off sexual innuendos, CAPITALIZED TIRADES or emailed Images You Would Just As Soon Did Not Reach The Public Eye to the more nubile of your followers.
The children would probably have wandered off by this time to seek sandwiches, but they would know I was right.
Well, if the Anthony Weiner scandal didn't do it for the hacking excuse, the Amy's Baking Company meltdown certainly has.
For anyone not familiar with Amy's Baking Company, this is the most amazing non-news story that has happened all week.
In Scottsdale, Ariz., there is a restaurant so far gone that even Gordon Ramsay's shouting cannot save it. In fact, its owners so terrified the man behind “Kitchen Nightmares” that he decided to quit working with them rather than endure them any longer.
If you haven't been in the nooks and corners of the Web where this has been bouncing around, you are missing out. It's brilliant and unhinged, in the way all things that go truly viral are. First, the “Kitchen Nightmares” episode itself, which features the classic lines from Amy, “We have three little boys but they're trapped inside cat bodies. They're cats.” It shows the owners taking the waiters' tips, berating the customers and insisting that they do not know the kind of food they want, firing the waitstaff, shouting at Gordon Ramsey and completely refusing to accept any criticism of any kind.
Then, if viewers had any nagging fear that this insanity was staged for the cameras, the Facebook page of Amy's Baking Company lit up with insults, as co-owners Amy and Samy inveighed against all the Web sites where the “online bullies” had given them negative reviews. Most of them are unprintable, but some highlights include: “To all of the Yelpers and Reddits: Bring it on … Come to arizona. you are weaker than my wife, and weaker than me. come to my business. say it to my face. man to man. my wife is a jewel in the desert. you are just trash. reddits and yelpers just working together to bring us down. pathetic.”
“I AM NOT STUPID ALL OF YOU ARE. YOU JUST DO NOT KNOW GOOD FOOD. IT IS NOT UNCOMMON TO RESELL THINGS WALMART DOES NOT MAKE THEIR ELECTRONICS OR TOYS SO LAY OFF!!!!”
As a general rule, if you are the one typing in all caps insisting that everyone else is wrong, they are not wrong.
The couple has been doing this for some time, but suddenly they announced that “Obviously our Facebook, YELP, Twitter and Website have been hacked. We are working with the local authorities as well as the FBI computer crimes unit to ensure this does not happen again. We did not post those horrible things. Thank You Amy&Samy.”
If so, this hacker has an awful lot of spare time and an uncanny ear for dialogue.
The Amy & Samy story is essentially a master-class in How To Lose An Argument on the Internet. The basic steps, for anyone curious:
TYPE IN ALL CAPS
Explain that God is on your side.
Call the other person a rude four-letter, three-letter, five-letter, six-letter, ten-letter, or twelve-letter name.
Explain that you are right because the other person is an idiot, while misspelling something.
USE ERRATIC PUNCTUATION OR GRAMMAR WHILE CALLING THE OTHER PERSON STUPID ALSO DO THIS IN ALL CAPS.
Describe your cats as “little boys in cat bodies” or “little people in catsuits” or “children, but actually cats, but really children” or “non-human children.”
Refuse to stop arguing.
When the backlash starts, insist that you were hacked.
They manage to do all of these, in some cases in a single post. They do everything short of comparing someone to Hitler.
Naturally, this has been blowing up online. To call this kicking the hornet's nest would be an understatement. They poked and poked and poked the hornet's nest while making disparaging remarks about the hornets' mothers. No wonder there's a swarm.
Folks, it's not the Internet. It's you.
UPDATE: I have constructed a handy Venn Diagram of the meltdown.
Carly Fiorina said she will “keep going” despite her poor showing in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday night.
With 80 percent of the state's precincts reporting, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO placed seventh in the GOP presidential pack, with a little over 4 percent of the vote.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We have a long way to go in terms of knowing how things are going to exactly settle out, but we feel very encouraged,” Fiorina said at a rally. “We are going to keep going.”
“I'm convinced this is my highest calling as a leader, and you have given me the energy and the determination and wind at our backs to continue this great fight,” she continued.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE won a resounding victory in the Granite State. Ohio Gov. John Kasich came in second place while Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (Texas), former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, and Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (Fla.) battled a third-place finish.
Fiorina, who also finished seventh in last week's Iowa caucuses, is struggling to break through and risks being left out of the upcoming GOP debate in South Carolina.
She didn't qualify for last week's Fox News debate in New Hampshire and has called on the Republican National Committee to fix its "broken" debate process.
“Even when they try to shut us out, everybody knows we're talking,” Fiorina said. “I'm not going to sit down and be quiet, and neither are you.”
Streaming is now the biggest revenue stream for the music industry in the US, generating $2.4 billion in 2015. The RIAA has released its report on the state of the US music industry in 2015, and streaming music has edged out digital downloads in revenue for the first time. After declining last year, the music industry as a whole grew once again in 2015, selling $7 billion worth of music, a 0.9 percent increase from the year prior. Despite declines in digital downloads and physical sales, streaming music has managed to keep the industry on an upward trajectory.
"In 2015, digital music subscription services reached new all-time highs, generating more than $1 billion in revenues for the first time, and averaging nearly 11 million paid subscriptions for the year," RIAA CEO Cary Sherman said in a memo sent out with the report. "Heading into 2016, the number of subscriptions swelled even higher — more than 13 million by the end of December — holding great promise for this year."
Streaming music has managed to keep the industry on an upward trajectory
Sounds like the RIAA and the labels it represents are happy, right? Wrong. The industry is upset about something they have been upset about for years — on-demand ad-supported streaming. YouTube and Spotify's free tier are the two main examples, but the RIAA is focused on YouTube this time around, and this is as solid as their argument has ever been. "The consumption of music is skyrocketing but revenues for creators have not kept pace," Sherman wrote. "In 2015, fans listened to hundreds of billions of audio and video music streams through on-demand ad-supported digital services like YouTube, but revenues from such services have been meager — far less than other kinds of music services."
The RIAA and the labels' argument is this; streams of ad-supported music are rapidly increasing but the revenue isn't matching the growth. Ad supported streaming brought in $385 million in revenue in 2015 from billions of streams, which is a nice chunk of change. But vinyl sales — which have dramatically increased over the past few years thanks to a resurgence of the physical format — brought in $416 million in revenue in 2015.
Is it an odd fact that vinyl records are more profitable for the music industry than YouTube? Yes. On the other side of the argument, as sources close to YouTube have said time after time, the billions of streams it generates gives the music labels promotional benefits that cannot be garnered elsewhere, and the infrastructure costs of running a video serivce far outweigh those of an audio-only service.
"comparisons to other audio-only, subscription music services are apples to oranges."
In a statement to The Verge, YouTube said as much, noting that it has paid out $3 billion to the music industry (which matches Spotify's payments). "To date, Google has paid out over $3 billion to the music industry – and that number is growing year on year," a YouTube Spokesperson said.
"This revenue is generated despite the fact that YouTube goes way beyond music to include popular categories such as news, gaming, how-to, sports and entertainment. And with the recent launch of the YouTube Music app, we now have a dedicated music experience that will deliver even more revenue to both artists and the music industry more broadly. Past comparisons to other audio-only, subscription music services are apples to oranges."
And why isn't the RIAA focusing on Spotify, who also offers up free streams? Likely because Spotify has a 25 percent conversion rate moving users from its free to paid tiers, and paid users are where the real value is. Despite the US only having 10.8 million paid users for most of last year (that number is at 13 million as of December 2015), those users generated $1.2 billion in revenue for the music industry. That's more revenue than digital album sales made in 2015.
Although the music industry is reengaging in this longstanding squabble with YouTube, the answer for both parties is one that makes them both more money: YouTube Red. The simple answer is for YouTube to continue to push its subscription service, which pays out at a much higher rate than its free option, and makes everyone more money. If YouTube gets anywhere remotely close to Spotify's conversion rate — which won't be easy in the least — this problem goes away, and we can all go back to wondering how we let the whole Iggy Azalea thing happen.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump, Clinton Highlight National Security Endorsements 9:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Donald Trump released a list of 88 military endorsements, boasting it as a sign of his support among the armed forces. However, some observers find what's most surprising about the list isn't who's on it but rather who's not.
Trump's release Tuesday came as he and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton enter a week that will focus on national security.
The two candidates will face a Wednesday commander-in-chief forum on MSNBC and the anniversary of 9/11 on Sunday.
Only 10 percent of Gov. Mitt Romney's military advisory council in the 2012 election appear on the letter backing this year's Republican nominee.
Related: Trump Leads Clinton Among Military and Veteran Voters
"The fact that there aren't any major names on the list — that it's short — that's what's surprising. These are not big names," retired Army Col. Jack Jacobs and MSNBC military analyst told NBC News of the list.
"There's almost no name on that list that I recognized," said retired four-star Gen. Barry McCaffrey, who added he was surprised in recognizing just a handful of names despite growing up with a father who was a three-star general, and despite spending decades in the service himself.
Underscoring the candidate's competition for military backing, Hillary Clinton's campaign answered Trump's list on Wednesday with one of its own.
Clinton's list included 95 retired generals and admirals — including several four-star generals — endorsing the Democrat's candidacy, versus Trump's 88.
Still, an NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll released Wednesday found Trump leads Clinton by 19 points among voters who are currently serving or have previously served in the U.S. military.
Republican candidates typically have no shortage of military supporters: 500 retired admirals and generals took out an ad in the Washington Times to show support for Gov. Mitt Romney on the eve of the 2012 election. Romney also had 354 retired generals and admirals on his "military advisor council" — just 36 of whom appeared on Trump's list this week.
Both Jacobs and McCaffrey suggested disdain for Clinton might be a stronger motivator than support for Trump.
"There's no question in my mind that there is enormous anger against Secretary Clinton over the emails," McCaffrey said, adding that social issues like women in the infantry may also frustrate older veterans.
Hillary Clinton's campaign announced Wednesday that 95 retired generals and admirals, including several four-star generals, had endorsed her candidacy.
Related: Hillary Clinton Maintains Six-Point Buffer Over Donald Trump
Trump's 88 endorsers wrote in their open letter Tuesday that the election was an "urgently needed opportunity to make a long-overdue course correction in our national security posture and policy."
While many of the signatories had more low-profile military resumes, a handful have earned headlines for controversy.
Retired Army Lt. General William G. Boykin is known for describing the war on terror as a proxy fight between a "Christian nation" and the "idol of Islam." The rhetoric earned the criticism of President George W. Bush. Boykin was also formally reprimanded for releasing classified information in a book published in 2008, according to the Washington Post.
Related: Trump Dismisses Questions Around Donation Tied to Florida AG
Air Force Lt. Gen. Thomas G. McInerney is a Fox News commentator who once wrote a court affidavit in support of an army lieutenant who refused to deploy because did not believe President Barack Obama was an American citizen.
"You don't have a lot of fighting soldiers on this list, and I think it's because he pissed off a lot of people who are fighting soldiers," Jacobs said of the just over a dozen Army names on the list.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Clinton on Trump's Financials: 'He Clearly Has Something to Hide' 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump famously criticized 2008 Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain as "not a war hero" because he was captured during Vietnam. "I like people that weren't captured," Trump said.
"A lot of people in uniform remember that," Jacobs said.
In addition to the latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll, a survey released earlier this month found Trump leading Clinton among military families by 10 points, 51 percent to 41 percent.
Clinton has the support of four retired four-star generals, while three retired full generals and an admiral appear on the letter released by the Trump campaign.
Clinton boasted in February when 19 generals and admirals endorsed her, and brought out retired Gen. John Allen, flanked by dozens of military members, to Philadelphia for a fiery speech at the Democratic National Convention.
On Tuesday, Clinton highlighted Trump's more hyperbolic and inflammatory statements ahead of the Wednesday's MSNBC forum with a new ad titled "Sacrifice."
The ad focuses on Trump's past statement that he "knows more about ISIS than the generals do," his comments about McCain's military service, and the businessman's response that he "made a lot of sacrifices" as a real estate developer when questioned about his comments about a military family whose son was killed in Iraq.
Donald Trump is a president-elect obsessed. Not with the intricacies of policy and governance—God forbid—but with SNL and A-list stars.
Everyone knows that Donald Trump is obsessed with celebrities. At a final campaign rally for Hillary Clinton, President Obama expressed genuine confusion at the notion that any “working person” would believe that Donald Trump was on their side. “He's got some support,” Obama acknowledged. “And the most frustrating thing is, some of his support coming from working folks. People say well, you know, he's going to be our voice. Are you serious? This is a guy who spent 70 years, his whole life, born with a silver spoon, showing no respect for working people. He spent a lot of time with celebrities. Spends a lot of time hanging out with the really wealthy folks but you don't see him hanging out with working people unless they're cleaning his room or mowing the fairways on his golf club.” That unflattering portrayal of Donald Trump actually gives him too much credit. The real-estate mogul didn't spend his entire adult life partying with A-listers; he wasted it sitting by his gold-plated phone, waiting for them to return his calls.
Trump has always oversold his celebrity status, even going so far as to pose as his own publicist to plant stories in local tabloids. But like the gold leaf that adorns his tacky abodes, Trump's aura of influence is really just a cheap veneer. For all of the A-list friends that he loves to boast about, Trump couldn't even get Tom Brady to come to his RNC. Initially, the nominee promised a star-studded night to remember. “It's very important to put some showbiz into a convention, otherwise, people are going to fall asleep,” Trump told The Washington Post in April. At the very least, we imagined that he would reel in Jon Voight or Clint Eastwood. Even Stacey Dash would add some glamour to the dark, dystopian affair. Instead, we were greeted by the kind of quote-unquote celebrities who might have been cast in a particularly uninteresting season of Celebrity Apprentice. For all of his preening and posturing, Donald Trump and his convention was decidedly C-list. From Scott Baio to Antonio Sabáto Jr. to the guy from Duck Dynasty, each star was less famous than the last.
Doubtlessly, Donald Trump thought that ascending to America's highest political office would finally afford him some Hollywood pull. After years of hamming it up as the millionaire clown, crashing photo-ops and inviting himself to high-profile weddings, Trump has finally found himself center stage. Traditionally, performing at an inauguration has been seen as quite an honor—at President Obama's 2013 inauguration, Beyoncé all but volunteered her services, only asking that her travel and production costs be reimbursed. Of course, Trump's looming presidency is unprecedented and tradition-defying.
According to recent reports, Trump's team has struggled to find a single A-lister to perform at the historic event. In fact, they've become so desperate that they've offered huge sums of money and even ambassadorships to talent managers in return for wrangling some top-tier talent. So far, their efforts have gone over about as well as a Trump Tower Grill taco bowl on Cinco de Mayo. First, a Trump aide claimed that Elton John would be performing at the Inauguration Day festivities—a rumor that his representatives swiftly and curtly shut down. Reports indicated that the president-elect was fixated on big names like Justin Timberlake and Aretha Franklin, the exact brand of proudly liberal performers Trump could never score. Leave it to our president-elect to demand the impossible, and view his own inauguration as an opportunity to humiliate his critics and bring those who publicly opposed him to heel.
While Trump's ideal inauguration performance might be Katy Perry loudly sobbing while dressed in an Ivanka Trump sheath dress, for now, the president doesn't have the power to force artists to sing on demand. Low on options and almost out of time, the president-elect opted for the next-ish the best thing: a 16-year-old former America's Got Talent contestant. On a recent Today show appearance, singer Jackie Evancho announced that she would be crooning the national anthem at the president-elect's swearing-in ceremony. As the first confirmed performer for Trump's inauguration, Evancho has garnered her fair share of social media flack. But most tweets and Facebook statuses have been downright dismissive, the most common sentiment being “Who the hell is Jackie Evancho?”
In fact, for a 16-year-old, Evancho has been surprisingly prolific. That's because she got her big break when she was just 10, performing operatic numbers on America's Got Talent. Apparently, Evancho's pipes were so precocious that she faced persistent accusations of lip-synching. Since coming in second place in the televised competition, Jackie has released a slew of albums, including several Christmas collections and an album of film and showtune covers. Much like Tiffany Trump, Evancho has experimented with the pop single. In April, she released “Apocalypse,” an earnest ballad with a not-so-subtle faith component.
The crossover singer has performed at numerous official ceremonies during the Obama administration; in 2010, she sang at the lighting of the National Christmas Tree and got to meet President Obama himself. According to Jackie, “That was awesome.” Still, Evancho hasn't given any indication that her next, decidedly more controversial D.C. performance will be any less awesome. Reflecting on her previous governmental gigs during her recent announcement, Evancho exclaimed, “I felt really honored to get a chance to perform for the president again.” In an unabashedly liberal industry, Evancho's bland, bipartisan patriotism is something of a revelation.
Of course, the prodigy's noncontroversial demeanor—not to mention her age—hasn't been enough to save her from social media critique and accusations of career suicide. Online opiners are particularly focusing on Evancho's sister, Juliet, who publicly came out as transgender last year. The 18-year-old is currently part of a lawsuit against a Pennsylvania school district over restroom access. According to the federal discrimination lawsuit, Evancho's school board recently voted to reverse the district's inclusive restroom practices, forcing transgender students to use separate bathrooms. According to Juliet, “The day after the vote, it felt different in school: I felt exposed and vulnerable… I even thought about dropping out, or trying to finish school from home. But then my classmates nominated me for homecoming queen, showing that they know, accept and respect me for who I am. So, why can't everyone else?”
In a recent piece for Teen Vogue, Juliet shared her story and explained the personal impact of Jackie's ascendency. “Jackie's newfound fame put our entire family under a microscope. This made things even more difficult for me,” she said. “Now, I not only worried about what my family thought of me, but I also worried about some trashy magazine trying to make a spectacle out of me if they found out, and it's hurting my family.” While Juliet hasn't publicly commented on Trump or on her sister's inauguration performance, she has liked a pair of Twitter posts urging her to educate her sister on vice president-elect Mike Pence's anti-LGBTQ politics.
Jackie Evancho has briefly addressed the backlash to her announcement. “My family is kind of a big target,” she told People. “I have a transgender sister and so a lot of hate goes towards us… I also get a lot of love. We pay most attention to that.” According to reports, Evancho will also share the stage with Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli, a longtime friend of Trump's. If Evancho and Bocelli end up helming the festivities, it would mark a rare inauguration celebration, starring two performers who technically could not have voted for the president-elect. Of course, when you didn't even win the popular vote, sometimes an America's Got Talent runner-up and a reticent pal are the best you can do.
While travelling through the flood-affected areas of Badin, one can now witness a truly astonishing sight: two basketball courts bathed in floodlights that are powered by solar energy.
The courts are the result of a joint initiative of the Indus Development Forum (IDF), the Laar Environmental Program Awareness Forum (LEAF) and industrialist-cum-philanthropist Pervaiz Lodhie.
The objective behind this initiative is to engage the youth, many of whom are unable to pursue their education because of poverty and displacement, in healthy activities that keep them away from joining criminal gangs or falling prey to drug addiction.
When this writer visited the courts, which are located on the outskirts of the Ramzan Mallah and Deenar Talpur villages, they were packed with children. Three teams were taking part in a basketball tournament organized by the NGOs– with each team having received training from a basketball coach from Karachi.
Residents of Deenar Talpur say this is the first initiative of its kind in their area, and that the tournament had attracted crowds of youths and local people from nearby villages.
Many of these people are still living in uncertainty after being displaced by the floods.
“This initiative will also help school children recover from the shocking scenes they witnessed when the floods devastated their villages,” explained Masood Lohar, National Coordinator UNDP Green Environment Facility (GEF) Small Grants Program.
Lohar believes that the biggest benefit of competitive sports, aside from the obvious health benefits, is that they promote social interaction.
The development of the courts was funded by Pervaiz Lodhie, who claims to have traveled all the way from the Thar Desert to the flood-hit areas of Sindh to distribute solar powered lamps to the flood-affected people. Lodhie has also provided the teams with equipment and sports kits, and says he is willing to fund similar projects in other villages in the area.
He calls his efforts a “war on darkness”. “I want to see the local youth come and play together,” he says, “I want to see this in the far off areas, where people have no access to electricity.”
“I was a god,” the scion proclaimed to me over dinner, reminiscing about the glory before his downfall. “Now I'm a man.” For decades, he'd been groomed as a member of a powerful Korean dynasty, where he lorded over platoons of workers executing his orders with military-like efficiency. Then the endgame arrived. The patriarch of his court died, and he was ousted in a succession battle teeming with intrigue, espionage, and unholy alliances. The heir was effectively banished; he rode out his career in a minor branch of the family trade.
This may sound like the vicious monarchy of North Korea, but it's actually a true-life parable about the economy in the South. South Korea's corporate emperors aren't quite as ruthless as the commandants north of the border — North Korea's supreme leader can command his half-brother to be murdered and his uncle by marriage to be executed — but they've dug out their own cultish strongholds in dynastic groups called chaebol (“wealth clan”), which have been, and still are, the engines of South Korea's economic miracle. Here they live out the royal drama of past centuries, commanding familiar names like Samsung and Hyundai.
Like many aristocratic cultures, chaebol are marked by an unmistakable streak of militarism. The businesses designing your smart phones, cars, and the parts inside them are separated into highly regimented units that adhere to an extraordinarily rigid corporate hierarchy. On a personal level, chaebol scions are also given to thuggish outbursts, like the Hanwha chairman who was convicted of hiring gangsters for a revenge attack and personally wielding a steel pipe, and the Korean Air heiress who assaulted her airline's flight attendant and halted takeoff because her first-class nuts were served in a bag and not on a plate. (The former was off with a presidential pardon; both walked free from their sentences early.) South Koreans have a word for this type of abuse: gapjil. It's the right to bully people lower on the hierarchy, to punish the weak with impunity, to treat yourself like royalty.
Chaebol groups like Samsung played a remarkable role from the 1960s to 1980s in moving authoritarian South Korea out of poverty. But increasingly they are cultural relics in a developed democracy that has recently been swept with mass protests and the removal of its former president, Park Geun-hye — the daughter of a former dictator who helped build the chaebol system — in March over a wide-reaching political scandal. Of course, obsolescence isn't necessarily a prelude to disappearance. Chaebol are still central to the Korean economy (even if they impair its long-term growth), and they remain tolerated by the public (even if they help corrupt the country's culture and politics). It's no accident that Korean leaders have repeatedly promised to pass new regulations that would cut the chaebol down to size, only to pass the buck to their successors.
Hopes have been higher among chaebol critics for newly elected liberal President Moon Jae-in. And there was reason to take him at his word when he promised to take a harder stand on the chaebol: His chief fair trade regulator, Kim Sang-jo, is a man of strong opinions who'd tussled with Samsung executives at a shareholder meeting in the past. But Kim's tempered promises after being appointed, however, have not lived up to his fiery record. He has restated, as past administrations have without results, the obvious need to enforce existing laws and expand the rights of sidelined shareholders, emphasizing that he'll apply tougher standards to the biggest four conglomerates.
Like the banks of Wall Street, the chaebol have a long history of escaping trouble. But chaebol have little in common with the more entrepreneurial and shareholder-driven firms in the United States, where even the longest-surviving companies — whether in New York or Detroit or Silicon Valley — haven't enjoyed privileges close to what exists in South Korea today. Imagine if the Carnegies and Edisons passed on their bedazzling family fortunes and were feared names whom, three generations out, the New York Times self-censored out of reverence; if the White House pardoned Fords and Waltons and Krocs as they ran Ford and Walmart and McDonald's from their prison cells; if Bill Gates and Steve Jobs built family dynasties in Silicon Valley rather than passing their companies to new blood in Microsoft and Apple; or if mainstream journalists covered their eyes when confronted with Donald Trump's myriad conflicts of interests between his presidency and his businesses. South Koreans call their country the “Republic of Samsung”; imagine how odd it would sound if America were called the “United States of Apple.”
If Malcolm Turnbull is returned he should tip Peter Dutton out of the immigration portfolio when he chooses his new ministry.
Dutton's Tuesday comments, when targeting the Greens proposal for a big increase in the refugee intake, were crude and inflammatory.
He said on Sky that many of these people wouldn't be literate or numerate even in their own language; they'd take Australian jobs or “languish in unemployment queues and on Medicare” (never mind the contradiction), and there would be a huge cost. “There's no sense in sugar-coating that, that's the scenario,” he said.
The first point to remember is that we are talking about people judged to be refugees, not unprocessed asylum seekers. We aren't talking about people coming in boats but through the proper entrance channels. Dutton, however, tried to conflate increasing refugee numbers and boats restarting.
In some quarters Dutton's outburst, which was quickly challenged on points of fact, will resonate politically. In others, it will flow on to sully the reputation of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Turnbull did not slap down Dutton. That's what surely his instinct would have tempted him to do. But in the election “whatever it takes” prevails. Border control is being relentlessly pushed by the Coalition against Labor, although government sources reject suggestions Dutton was put up to what he said.
The Prime Minister adopted the barrister's approach. He praised Dutton extravagantly, as an “outstanding immigration minister”, on both border security and resettlement.
He then extensively reworked and redirected the thrust of Dutton's argument into more palatable, less provocative terms, essentially saying that we can't take more refugees than we can properly look after and integrate.
Turnbull stressed that illiteracy and innumeracy were not the fault of the people concerned; he dwelt on Australia's success as a multicultural society; he slid away from the claim the extra people would be taking Australian jobs.
But notably, he strongly tied the success of the refugee intake back to the hard line on border control. “We should never forget this - our success as a multicultural nation …depends upon secure borders. Australians accept this high level of refugee intake, this large humanitarian program because they know that their government keeps their borders secure”, which he claimed Bill Shorten would not.
Turnbull's celebration of Dutton as an “outstanding” immigration minister is a combination of shocking and ridiculous. Turnbull himself has not chosen to have him on cabinet's national security committee. Dutton is a divisive figure, most at home with political head kicking and policies of enforcement. The toughness required of a minister overseeing border control does not preclude having some compassion, which Dutton does not show.
We hear little from Dutton about the nation-building that used to be proudly at the heart of the immigration portfolio in earlier days.
Dutton is rarely put under much pressure. For example he faced very limited questioning after a federal court judge recently found against him over the transfer of a woman in need of an abortion from Nauru to Papua New Guinea, where abortion is very difficult to obtain. One would have thought an adverse court judgement against a minister would have been a much bigger deal in the media than it was.
At present Australia's humanitarian intake is 13,750, set to be 18,750 by 2018-19. This is apart from the 12,000 refugees from the Syrian conflict Australia has agreed to accept. The Greens want the humanitarian program boosted to 40,000, and 10,000 of the existing places in the skilled intake set aside for refugees – a total of 50,000 refugees annually. Labor's policy is to increase Australia's annual humanitarian intake to 27,000 by 2025.
As a wealthy country, we should be able to do better than we are, but how much better is a matter over which people will differ. We ought to take as many as we can resettle properly – it would be counterproductive for the refugees and the community to accept more than that.
What number of refugees Australia should take, and could absorb, is a perfectly reasonable debate. What's vital is that the debate is conducted in a measured manner.
Comments delivered in an incendiary way are downright dangerous. Our multiculturalism works very well but it is delicate as well. Negative reflections on refugees risk undermining it. To say nothing of what they do to the morale of those in the refugee community.
Many of these people struggle, caught between the traumas of their past lives and the tests posed by their new ones.
But there are a lot of success stories too. Labor on Wednesday delved back to remind people of examples such as Frank Lowy, who has spoken movingly of the dreadful memories from his early life experience.
Plenty of recent refugees have made good and their experiences should be an inspiration to those following them here and to the general community.
August 30, 2017
Ukraine Needs Arms, Not Cheap Arguments By John E. Herbst
TORONTO — A would-be Canadian who received a grade of zero out of six on her citizenship language test and four out of 20 on the test's knowledge component was nonetheless granted a Canadian citizenship certificate.
A “series of administrative errors” put Haheen Afzal — despite her abysmal results on the tests — before a citizenship judge in Hamilton, Ont., swearing an oath to the Queen and being issued a citizenship certificate.
When the mistake was discovered, Ms. Afzal did not want to surrender her citizenship and fought to keep it.
The errant ceremony took place on Sept. 26, 2013, but the legal dispute — leading to its cancellation — was only recently resolved in the Federal Court of Canada.
Ms. Afzal failed the citizenship test twice before being awarded a citizenship certificate: the first time she scored 2/6 on language and 8/20 on knowledge. When she appeared before a citizenship judge and tried again, she scored even worse.
The citizenship judge noted in writing that Ms. Afzal failed the tests and did not qualify but mistakenly checked the “Granted” box on the decision form, court heard.
The next day, an official at the Citizenship and Immigration Canada (CIC) office acknowledged that the judge's decision had been “seen” and checked “Citizenship Granted” before sending the form along for processing.
A few days later, Ms. Afzal was asked to appear for a citizenship ceremony and she took the Oath of Citizenship.
After the ceremony a citizenship clerk finally noticed the mistake. He twice phoned Ms. Afzal and left messages.
The calls were not returned.
Two months later, CIC cancelled the certificate.
In court, her lawyer argued CIC bureaucrats did not have authority to cancel citizenship, only the Governor-in-Council, which acts on behalf of the Crown, has such power.
‘It is unclear how often these mistakes happen. This situation merits a thorough investigation'
To accept that, Federal Court Justice Donald Rennie said in his ruling, would rise to the level of “absurdity.”
Before someone can become a Canadian citizen, they are required to demonstrate linguistic competence in either of Canada's official languages and show an adequate knowledge of Canada's social, civic and political norms.
“These competencies must be established before citizenship can be granted,” Judge Rennie ruled.
Based on those criteria, even though a citizenship certificate was issued, the pre-conditions to citizenship had never been met, he said. Therefore, citizenship was not so much being revoked as a certificate that had not been legally issued was being cancelled. And that was within the power of CIC bureaucrats.
“This interpretation also ensures that the privilege of Canadian citizenship is granted only as intended by Parliament,” said Judge Rennie.
Neither Ms. Afzal nor her lawyer could be reached for comment Wednesday.
The case reveals troubling problems with CIC officials, said Sergio Karas, an immigration lawyer and analyst who is a former chair of the Ontario Bar Association's immigration section.
“One would expect that citizenship applicants would be vetted extensively for compliance with residency, security and knowledge testing,” Mr. Karas said.
“It is amazing that such a vetting process appears to have been a comedy of errors in this case.
“One is left to wonder about the level of competence and care that some Citizenship and Immigration Canada employees may be demonstrating. … It is unclear how often these mistakes happen. This situation merits a thorough investigation of internal policies and practices.”
Sonia Lesage, a spokeswoman for CIC, defended the department. “These safeguards worked in this instance as we found the error and fixed it. The certificate was cancelled in November 2013 and the Federal Court upheld our process.”
National Post
• Email: ahumphreys@nationalpost.com | Twitter: AD_Humphreys
I Answer Questions About Lions Defensive Players Following Their Week Four Win Against the Vikings.
Questions 1: Do You Think Jarrad Davis Plays Sunday Against The Panthers? If So, Will He Be Impactful?
I really hope so. The Lions defense has played great through their first quarter of the season. Currently, they are tied for 4th fewest points allowed in the league and have done so without Davis for the past two games. Now, that is not to say they haven't missed Jarrad's presense the past two weeks. Quite the contrary. The defense flows quite differently with Davis starting at middle linebacker.
Jarrad is the only true three down linebacker on the team. His speed and explosiveness really stand out against the other Lions linebackers. No linebacker has attacked the running game with his intensity with his absense. Also, his ability in coverage should not be overlooked. While Davis certainly still needs to grow in this area a bit, he is also the Lions best coverage linebacker. Putting him in the middle helps mitigate the strain the other linebackers put on the defense in coverage.
Getting Davis back on the field will be a big boost for this team in both stopping the pass and run, but he need him to be 100 percent healthy first. Davis has yet to fully participate in practice since his concussion injury over two weeks ago against the Giants. He was able to get limited practice time in during the end of the week, but he needs to participate fully to pass the NFL's concussion protocol. However, the fact he was practicing last week, even in a limited capacity, is a good sign he will be healthy and ready to go Sunday at 1pm.
Question 2: Is Zettel For Real Or Just A Hot Start?
Anthony Zettel has really impressed to start his second year as an NFL player. He has four sacks in four games and has consistently been in quarterback's faces so far this season. While this is impressive, it is not entirely uncommon for players to put up nice pass rush totals and still struggle in the NFL. George Johnson and Kerry Hyder have been two good examples of this happening for the Lions. Like Johnson and Hyder, Zettel really struggled in run defense last year. He constistently lost edge contain, which allowed big runs and quarterback scrambles to hurt this defense.
This is why I think Zettel may be for real this season. Because he has really improved in this area through the first four games, which has been a big boost to this defense. His ability to hold the edge well has begun forcing runs back inside, where the meat of the defense is. This has helped out Haloti Ngata, A'shawn Robinson, and Tahir Whitehead by bringing the play to them, instead of it running away from them. Good players make their teammates around them better and Zettel appears to be doing that.
Question 3: Do You Think Glover Quin Deserved More Recognition?
I think Glover Quin is criminally underrated. Consistently we hear names like Earl Thomas III, Eric Berry, and Harrison Smith listed as the top safeties in the league. But Lions free safety Glover Quin has made the case that he deserves to be in this conversation as well. Interceptions are typically the most sought after stat when evaluating corners and safeties, which is something Quin has done at an elite level for some time now.
#Seahawks All-Pro CB Richard Sherman is the only player in the #NFL w/ more INTs than #Lions FS Glover Quin since 2013. #OnePride pic.twitter.com/GosZ2Qqo1v — Logan Lamorandier (@LLamorandier) September 18, 2017
Quin is currently tied for 3rd in the league in interceptions with two in 2017. His instincts and range have allowed him to succeed all over the field this season. While typically he lines up as the lone center fielder of the defense, Quin showed versatility last week in coming down into the box frequently as injuries began piling up for the linebackers.
Quin adds three pass deflections to his two interception total in coverage. But he also has looked good versus the run. He often takes good pursuit angles, allowing him to make plays against the run 15 yards off the ball and in the box. Quin has had a habit for closing out games in recent seasons and came up clutch again last week, with a game-clinching forced fumble to defeat a division rival on the road. His ability to lead this defense and play at an elite level are paramount for the success of this team and should receive be deserving of more recognition. If he keeps helping the Lions win games like he has so far this season, Glover Quin will be one hard man to ignore.
Submit your #AskTheIntern questions to Zac on Twitter @DetLionsScout or chat with him on our Lions Subreddit!
It is no secret that Stephen Curry is a great shooter and loves to take 3-point shots, even from several feet behind the arc. However, despite being such a deadly shot from almost anywhere on the court, Curry is not a big fan of mid-range jumpers.
So far this season, Curry has attempted 529 shots. Of those, 423 (80%) were either from within 6 feet of the basket or from 22 feet or farther from the hoop, according to data from NBA Savant. He has taken just 106 shots (20%) in the 7- to 21-foot range, the dreaded "long twos" of the basketball world.
As NBA teams have become more aware of the true value of shots, more are realizing the strength in taking more shots close to the hoop or beyond the 3-point arc. Curry, who is well on his way to his second straight MVP award, has perfected the art.
Product information:
Core White Series 32GB (2x16GB) DDR4 PC4-19200C16 2400MHz Dual Channel Kit (AVD4UZ124001616G-
More links for "Core White Series 32GB (2x16GB) DDR4 PC4-19200C16 2400MHz Dual Channel Kit (AVD4UZ124001616G-"
Avexir Core series is a simple yet elegant low profile premium design which incorporates an LED tube which gives the LED a gentle pulsing effect, giving your system not only an awesome look but also a very unique look as Avexir has patents making it the only memory to use this gentle pulsing yet very impressive visual technology. Avexir is ONLY available from Overclockers UK and Caseking in Europe.Avexir Core Series is designed specifically for the extreme power users who focus on challenging the excellence in high performance gaming experience. The Core Series is developed by Avexir R&D team with 10+ years' experience of researching in memory core technology and designed specifically for the power users and gamers who demand ultimate performance and extreme reliability gaming modules.Core Series is designed to be a perfect visual match for Asus ROG, EVGA, Asrock Fatality, Gigabyte and MSI Gaming mainboards, giving you a look which shall make you the envy of all your friends.Avexir strictly adheres to quality standards set by JEDEC (the Joint Electron Devices Engineering Council) and ISO9001.With 100% hand-tested extensively in multiple PC major-brand motherboard environments at its rated speed, Avexir makes sure that both stability and performance of every memory module reach the highest quality criteria.Features:- Black PCB- Black high performance heatspreaders- LED Strobe lighting effect- CAS Timings: 16-16-16-36- Dual Channel Kit: (2x16GB)- 100% tested at 2400MHz in Intel Z170 Skylake based motherboards- Lifetime Warranty with OcUK
Jack Wild (30 September 1952 – 1 March 2006) was an English actor and singer, best known for his debut role as the Artful Dodger in Oliver! (1968), for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor as well as Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations.
Wild is also known for his roles as Jimmy in the NBC children's television series H.R. Pufnstuf (1969) and in the accompanying 1970 feature film as well as Much the Miller's Son in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991).
Early life [ edit ]
Wild was born into a working class family in Royton, Lancashire. He moved to Hounslow, in Middlesex, with his parents and his older brother Arthur in 1960 at the age of eight, where he got a job helping the milkman, which paid about five shillings.
He was discovered while playing football with his brother in the park by theatrical agent June Collins, mother of Phil Collins. Collins enrolled both Jack and Arthur at the Barbara Speake Stage School, an independent school in Acton in West London.
Entertainment career [ edit ]
H.R. Pufnstuf, 1969 Wild with the title character in the NBC children's series, 1969
The Wild brothers sought acting roles to supplement their parents' income and, in the autumn of 1964, both were cast in a West End theatre production of Lionel Bart's Oliver!, Arthur in the title role, and Jack as a member of Fagin's gang, Charley Bates.[1] Although Jack auditioned as The Artful Dodger for several subsequent stage productions of Oliver!, he was always turned down because he was too short.[2] He stayed with the show until the spring of 1966, when he left to make the film serial Danny the Dragon for the Children's Film Foundation.[3]
Wild's first speaking roles on TV were an episode of Out of the Unknown, and the third part of the BBC's version of the Wesker Trilogy, I'm Talking About Jerusalem. By the time he was chosen to portray the Artful Dodger for the 1968 movie version of Oliver! he had also appeared in episodes of Z-Cars, The Newcomers and George and the Dragon. He received critical acclaim and several nominations for his appearance as the Artful Dodger:
It was at the 1968 premiere of Oliver! that Wild met brothers Sid and Marty Krofft, who thought he would make a good lead for a show they were developing called H.R. Pufnstuf. Wild starred in this American family television series that launched in 1969. Pufnstuf was also a segment in the second (and final) season of The Banana Splits Adventure Hour, despite 2 episodes remaining unaired until 2018. He starred in the movie Pufnstuf (1970). Other roles followed, including the films Melody (1971) (with Oliver! co-star Mark Lester) and Flight of the Doves (1971). The latter film reunited him with Ron Moody, who had played Fagin in Oliver!. In 1972 he appeared as a stowaway in the Onedin Line episode 'A Woman Alone'.[citation needed] In 1973 he played Reg, the eldest of 14 children living in the east end of London, in the film The 14, orphaned following the death of their mother, played by June Brown. The 14 was directed by David Hemmings.
Wild also embarked on a recording career, cutting one album for Capitol Records- containing the single "Some Beautiful" that received a lot of airplay on Radio Luxembourg, but didn't chart very highly - and two for Buddah Records in the early 1970s. The three albums were called The Jack Wild Album, Everything's Coming Up Roses and Beautiful World.[4]
At the height of his acting career, Wild usually acted younger than he was. For H.R. Pufnstuf, he was a seventeen-year-old playing a boy who was eleven.
"When I first entered in the show business," Wild said in 1999," Of course I didn't mind playing younger roles. However it did bug me when I would be twenty-one being offered the role of a thirteen-year-old. I'm not saying I didn't enjoy playing these roles; I had barrels of fun, I just wanted more serious and dramatic roles; it's that simple."
During the early 1970s, Wild was considered a teen heartthrob, alongside David Cassidy and Barry Williams.[citation needed]
While at Barbara Speake stage school, Wild met Welsh-born actress Gaynor Jones when they were around 12 years old. After he left the school in 1966, he didn't see her again until Christmas of 1970. They married on 14 February 1976.[citation needed]
Challenges [ edit ]
At age 21 he was already an alcoholic and a diabetic. By 1976 his film career was badly stalled. In 1981 he was supposed to star with Suzi Quatro in a series about a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde for British television, but it was cancelled at the last minute. His alcoholism ruined both his career and marriage to Gaynor Jones, who left him in 1985 because of his excessive drinking.[1]
After exhausting his remaining fortune, Wild lived with his retired father for a few years.[5] His alcoholism caused three cardiac arrests and resulted in several hospital stays until he stopped drinking in 1989.[5] He later admitted his alcoholism was so debilitating during this period that from the late 1970s until he went sober, he was incapable of doing any kind of work.[6]
Career restarts [ edit ]
Wild unsuccessfully attempted various alcoholism rehabilitation programmes and finally let go of drinking on 6 March 1989 after joining Alcoholics Victorious.[6] He returned to the big screen in a few minor roles, such as in the 1991 Kevin Costner film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves and as a peddler in Basil (1998).[2] For the most part, he spent the remainder of his career working in theatre. His last major appearance was as the male lead, "Mouse", in Tayla Goodman's rock musical Virus. The show ran for two weeks at the Theatre Royal, Nottingham. For his final film appearance, he had a minor role in Moussaka & Chips (2000), where he once again worked with Ron Moody.[2]
Death [ edit ]
In 2000, Wild was diagnosed with oral cancer, blaming the disease on his drinking and smoking habits.[7] He underwent chemotherapy immediately and had a piece of his tongue and both vocal cords removed in July 2004, leaving him unable to speak. Wild had to communicate through his second wife, Claire Harding, for the rest of his life. The two met when he was working with her in Jack and the Beanstalk in Worthing.[1]
Wild died on 1 March 2006. He was buried in Toddington Parish Cemetery, Bedfordshire.[citation needed]
Autobiography [ edit ]
At the time of his death, Wild and his wife, Claire Harding, had been working on his autobiography.[8] It was completed by Claire, who explained: 'All the material was there when Jack died, it just needed rearranging, editing, and, in certain sections, writing out from transcripts Jack and I made as we recorded him talking about his life.'[9] The book, It's a Dodger's Life was finally published in 2016 by Fantom Films (ISBN 978-1-78196-266-4) with a foreword by Pufnstuf co-star Billie Hayes, an afterword by Clive Francis, and an epilogue by Claire Harding.[10]
Filmography [ edit ]
Discography [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
The Jack Wild Album (1970)[11]
Everything's Coming Up Roses (1971)[12]
A Beautiful World (1972)[13]
A1 "A Beautiful World" A2 "Punch and Judy" A3 "Sweet Sweet Lovin'" A4 "Bird in the Hand" A5 "The Lord" B1 "Beggar Boy" B2 "Songs of Freedom" B3 "Being With You" B4 "E.O.I.O." B5 "Bunny Bunny"
Singles [ edit ]
List of singles, with selected chart positions Title Year Peak chart positions UK[14] US "Some Beautiful" 1970 46 92 "Wait For Summer" 1970 — 115 "Everything's Coming Up Roses" 1971 — 107 "—" denotes releases that did not chart.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
In response to requests for comment on the company's tax practices, Apple provided this statement to The New York Times:
Over the past several years, we have created an incredible number of jobs in the United States. The vast majority of our global work force remains in the U.S., with more than 47,000 full-time employees in all 50 states. By focusing on innovation, we've created entirely new products and industries, and more than 500,000 jobs for U.S. workers — from the people who create components for our products to the people who deliver them to our customers. Apple's international growth is creating jobs domestically since we oversee most of our operations from California. We manufacture parts in the U.S. and export them around the world, and U.S. developers create apps that we sell in over 100 countries. As a result, Apple has been among the top creators of American jobs in the past few years.
Apple also pays an enormous amount of taxes which help our local, state and federal governments. In the first half of fiscal year 2012 our U.S. operations have generated almost $5 billion in federal and state income taxes, including income taxes withheld on employee stock gains, making us among the top payers of U.S. income tax.
We have contributed to many charitable causes but have never sought publicity for doing so. Our focus has been on doing the right thing, not getting credit for it. In 2011, we dramatically expanded the number of deserving organizations we support by initiating a matching gift program for our employees.
Apple has conducted all of its business with the highest of ethical standards, complying with applicable laws and accounting rules. We are incredibly proud of all of Apple's contributions.
In a post called “Solidarity through Parenting” over at Barnard's The Scholar & Feminist Online, blogger brownfemipower wrote about keeping her family life separate from her life as a radical feminist for the WoC movement (P.S.: this). This article was cathartic for me to read, due to (constant) run-ins I've had with my family while I am home for the holidays. Feminism isn't just one opinion that I have among many other opinions; it's a personal philosophy and a lens through which I try to understand everything else in the world. My feminism and activism are a personal process; sometimes it's great and empowering, sometimes it's really hard, and sometimes it forces me to deal with things that I don't want to. As a person I have to let myself feel angry, miserable, excited, and a wide range of natural reactions to the things around me; but as a feminist teacher, I try to keep myself in a secure enough place that I can temper these reactions to gently introduce a feminist perspective to the people I'm with. I know that one of the most important things we can do as individual feminists is to share it with the people who are close to us. So although my family is comprised of very nice people who certainly “care” about social justice, why do I find myself sometimes flicking the ‘off' switch when I'm at home?
Pros of The Off Switch:
1) I can ignore the strong feelings that I sometimes need to feel in order to feed my own activism, because I've decided it's more important to be agreeable.
2) I'm not constantly running away to send upset texts to my friends explaining a very detailed scenario and asking for “feminist validation”.
3) Everyone gets to hide behind their privilege Okay that is such a bullshit answer I can't even bring myself to put it here.
Cons of The Off Switch:
1) I'm not living up to a personal standard of incorporating feminism into all aspects of my life, since it is relevant to all aspects of my life.
2) I'm undermining a movement by being embarrassed to embrace it in certain public spheres.
3) I'm not giving my family enough credit for accepting me as I am (even though they say they do but don't always act like it).
4) I'm not trusting myself to handle potentially negative interactions (dismissal, eye rolling, the “not cool” vibe, etc.) with the people from whom I'd take it the most personally.
Okay, so I didn't really need to make the list.
from brownfemipower:
“Any organizer knows what I am talking about—organizers, more often than not, choose to keep their radical lives, their organizing jobs, so separate from their families, their homes, their neighborhoods, that it feels like they live double lives: the life where they are accepted as normal, interesting, and loved for who they are, and the life where they sit in silence, biting tongues and rolling eyes, and are loved for who their families think they are.”
When we talk about feminist movements, who exactly do we hope we are reaching? I know that I don't run events on my campus for the benefit of my own little circle – we do it to introduce feminist concepts to people outside the movement. I want to reach out to the misogynists, the man-haters, the the older and the younger, politicians, consumers, workers, artists, the guy who honked at me in traffic, Other People's Families. I want to stand on the roof and yell at the top of my lungs and proclaim feminism to the world!
…But I know that won't work. When we talk about real social change, we talk about recognizing systems of power and privilege in our own lives. I accept parts of myself as oppressed, and (more) parts of myself as oppressor. I seek to be respectful, celebratory, and liberating towards others in all aspects of my life – I can't afford to be selective about when and where I challenge paradigms that dominate. The point is that they dominate – if I give an inch, they can take a mile just with sheer momentum. In a way, it's easier to stop strangers in a hallway and ask them to reconsider their language. It's easier to protest an event, march around campus, write letters and make phone calls and blog and teach and start conversations when you're doing it all with strangers.
You know what my superhero show would be subtitled? Feminist by Day….Coward by Night, Because as much as I embrace learning about and doing what is right, it's HARD. Yes, it's hard work! I'd like to come home at night and put my feet up and not have to challenge every uncalled-for judgment, presumption, or offensive joke. I'd like to, but I can't, for my own sake. We all have a right to safe spaces, to security, to love, and to rest. But everything depends on context. What does it cost me to keep going – annoyance? Exasperation? Tell that to people around the world who suffer and have died for worse. If I can reasonably sustain myself, I don't get to take a break JUST BECAUSE IT'S HARD. And besides, if I can't confront these things in my own home, in my own personal space…how can I profess to others that they do the same? Dealing with these things at home is, in a sense, really getting inside my own head. Testing the love and security which will, I do know, be there at the end of the day. If I have the privilege of knowing that I won't be kicked out of my house, won't be abused, won't have my self-worth undermined for suggesting such a thing…damn it, I have an obligation to call people out.
“[My] husband was the only person in my family who knew that I blogged, spoke at conferences, advocated for the dissolving of the nation/state, and more than likely had been subject to FBI surveillance while attending a march with a local anti-war organization[…].” I get what's wrong with this. What's the point of doing all these things if you're limiting yourself to people you have less influence over? We need to share ourselves with the people we're close to, invite them into our spaces the way we unobtrusively sit in theirs, allow them to see the hurt and the anger and the joy I experience as a self-identified part of a movement…and, as a teacher, meet them where they are at, accept them as they are so that they have the same love and security that enables me to then seek out other ways to understand the reality that I live in.
“The pressure on me to attend to two separate communities at the same time fades a little more each time we, as a community, deconstruct old borders and embrace the reality that feminism*s* is where the answers are[…]One thing I do know for sure, however, is that if I can't act in solidarity with my daughter, if I can expressly reject solidarity with her in the name of a Movement she has little in common with or need of, what kind of organizer would I be?” (All emphases are mine.)
Thanks brownfemipower, for sharing your story in a way that makes me take a hard look at myself. Your voice will be missed*.
Advertisements
First there was the “turducken.” Now comes the “cherpumple.”
The holiday dessert consists of a cherry pie, apple pie and a pumpkin pie, baked into a three-layer cake and topped with frosting.
Like a “turducken” — is a chicken inside of a duck inside of a turkey — the massive mound of sweet gluttony is extremely difficult to make.
“The physics of it provide a kind of ‘will it or won't it collapse' situation,” its creator, humorist Charles Phoenix, told The Wall Street Journal.
“But if your cherpumple does collapse, you can act like it was meant to happen, and serve it with spoons.
“It intrigues and horrifies people,” said Phoenix, who added it “puts the kitsch in kitchen.”
Mr. Phoenix has made a YouTube video of his experiment, and has collected photos from intrepid bakers.
The chasm between India's demographic bulge and the employment opportunities required to absorb it has been a staple in any debate about economic growth, and rightly so. The destabilizing political and social effects of a large unemployed population and the productivity loss from under- or poorly manned industries are anathema to any developing nation. Increasing levels of technology integration in production and business processes complicate the picture further. The National Democratic Alliance government has focused on a core aspect of the employment issue with the Skill India drive. But it will need to navigate an increasingly complicated landscape.
Recent data from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development puts the skills shortage in India—measured as a percentage of firms with ten or more employees that have difficulty finding qualified employees—at 61%, among the highest ratios. This is not surprising. The Labour Bureau Report 2014 had pegged the skilled workforce in India at a dismal 2%. To its credit, the United Progressive Alliance administration had attempted a structured approach to the problem with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC)—a public-private partnership aimed at funding for-profit vocational training initiatives, now part of the Narendra Modi government's skilling initiative.
But the NSDC's performance to date has left much to be desired. It has a laundry list of problems: the need to coordinate with multiple ministries all running their own programmes creating bureaucratic sclerosis, funding tussles, issues of perception with job-seekers looking down on vocational training and job-creators unwilling to fork out a premium for skilled workers and poor hit rate as far as post-skilling employment goes. Unsurprisingly, the NSDC managed to train just 3.3 million people in 2014 and aimed for 6 million last year, when the 2022 target is 150 million.
The Modi government has built on its predecessor's efforts with the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY), the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship's flagship scheme, implemented by the NSDC. The momentum it is giving to the issue is commendable. But it should keep this in mind: skilling and upskilling efforts must be industry-led. The PMKVY's various provisions and the triple-layer decision-making structure at the coordinating National Skill Development Mission pose the risk of a top-down approach that cannot anticipate or respond to shifts in demand and global conditions as effectively as the market can.
This is especially true in the context of employability-enhancing skills at a time when technology is rapidly changing their nature. A World Economic Forum report posits that up to a third of the skills considered important today will have changed as soon as 2020. Greater automation and machine intelligence integration is likely to hit the manufacturing sector—the great hope for boosting employment—hard over the next decade or two.
This is not to suggest that the government step back entirely. But it would do well to think outside the box. For instance, voucher programmes that give individuals the freedom to join training programmes of their choice—with the latter receiving government funding by redeeming the vouchers—improve outcomes via market mechanisms and have been found to work in countries as diverse as Austria and Kenya. The government must also create an economic environment that incentivizes industry players to step up. Labour reforms are key here. Paying a premium for workers from as yet fledgling skilling programmes is a risk when a deep pool of cheaper, unskilled labour is available. If employers are to take the risk—their unwillingness to do is currently a key problem—they must have the freedom to make appropriate adjustments in order to minimize and, if necessary, walk back the risk.
It's also worth remembering that skilling programmes are the end point of employability creation, not the beginning. The education system is the primary incubator—and in India, it is sadly lacking. By some estimates, barely 40% of Indian graduates are employable. This is predictable when education models have few options or weightage given to skills and knowledge relevant in today's market; nor is there sufficient interaction and integration between educational institutions and industry to facilitate internships, mentoring initiatives and feedback loops.
Skilling India is a mammoth task. The coming years will see substantial productivity increases, but also significant worker dislocation. Central government initiatives make for good messaging—but they are only one part of the solution.
Is the government doing enough to address India's skills gap? Tell us at views@livemint.com
No campaign promise garnered more attention than Donald Trump's proposed wall at our southern border.
The recent, vicious attack that left one U.S. Border Patrol agent dead and another mortally wounded has underscored the urgent need for the wall.
Sadly, partisans are blocking the President's plans for the wall for purely political reasons. This is not only incredibly short-sighted, but it jeopardizes our safety, health and prosperity.
The wall will not only curb illegal immigration and the deadly flow of opioids, but it will create thousands of high-paying construction jobs and opportunities the next generation of apprentices desperately need.
Industry estimates put the shortage of skilled construction workers at 500,000 to 1 million — a shortage that is inflating construction costs. Sadly, while unemployment is generally low nationally, we see too many Americans caught in low-wage, low-skill jobs, or with no jobs at all, begging on street corners. This is crazy, because bridging this gap requires little more than getting politics out of the way.
Federal projects are built under the Davis-Bacon Act of 1931, which means every contractor working on the wall in, say, California will have to pay every worker a certain amount per hour to fund training programs. Additionally, hundreds of apprentices will earn decent pay and critical work hours required for graduation and a stable future in the building trades.
The training system breakdown occurs when the apprentice cannot get enough hours on-the-job to graduate. Training programs all across the state have publicly reported drop-out rates as high as 50% that invariably result from a lack of work hours. The Trump wall would turn hundreds or even thousands of apprentices into high-skill, high-wage journeyman craft professionals.
It shocks the senses that any industrialized economy could have willing workers and market demand and an inability to combine them. But then again, this is California.
California, ravaged by illegal immigration, crime and drugs, has numerous training programs that lack work hours for their students to graduate. Yet the state is actually using tax dollars to fight to block the wall. The “Sanctuary State,” formerly known as the Golden State, is so dysfunctionally locked into its radical open-borders ideology that it is suing, divesting from, and even blacklisting contractors who work on the wall.
California is a functional oligarchy where a handful of leaders of powerful special interests — including environmentalists, open-border advocates, Planned Parenthood, and labor unions — demand absolute fealty from lawmakers. Politicians who are wholly subservient to the oligarchy are protected and promoted, and those whose loyalty to any one of the oligarchs is in doubt, are taken out.
One would think construction unions would welcome the wall and vocally support a president who is looking out for them, but they are silent. Could they be more committed to unity in the oligarchy than to their members?
A hundred years ago, American Federation of Labor founder Samuel Gompers stood up for “bread and butter unionism”: unions were to secure better pay and working conditions for members. He wanted no part of the social engineering schemes espoused by the leftist activists of the day, as such pursuits were tangential to the task at hand – namely, getting better jobs for his members.
Gompers also supported limiting immigration. He understood – correctly – that the large corporate interests wanted a flood of unskilled immigrants to undercut the wages of working Americans. These corporate interests, Gompers said, “were abetted by idealists and sentimentalists who believed in the ‘open door' policy.” Today's union leaders would do well to take a page from Gompers' book.
Donald Trump became a world-class developer by challenging paradigms and eschewing petty partisan interests. He won the presidency against all odds by uniting people of all walks of life — especially skilled workers, union and non-union, whose interests are often lost in the midst of partisan bickering.
Donald Trump is keeping his promises to put Americans back to work and make America great, safe and prosperous again.
Despite the unprecedented, vicious and withering accusations about his motives, the wall is good public policy.
John Loudon is a policy advisor with America First Policies. He served as a Missouri state senator and member of the Missouri House of Representatives for 14 years. Most recently, he was a construction industry professional for California Construction Advancement Group until Governor Jerry Brown defunded the organization.
OK MY MIND HAS JUST BEEN BLOWN. I'm in shock, I'm not even kidding when I say I'm shaking and the only way I can express this is to take you through my day so here goes:
I had another module of my motorcycle test today, and I passed WOOHOO, so I'm pretty pleased riding home, nice hot day, thinking gah I should really treat myself, get home and there is a BIG GREEN BOX WAITING FOR ME.... I'm excited, I've been let down a couple of times with reddit gifts and this looks like it's got that love put into it...
I open it and theres a letter (see pics) each package has been written with quotes from the series and it's SO hard not to just rip all the wrapping off. I start texting my best friend (on reddit she's MerpyP) OMG I say, THIS IS INSANE, I start sending pics of unwrapped things... including the note "Cool, I can't read the note though" SHE SAYS.
I ignore the quotes and open smallest first (My method saving best to last) I read each quote and try to guess, first up is some Ghostbuster sweets! Then A SLIME BALACLAVA AWESOME, didn't even know such thing existed!!!!
Next up is a book on Ghosts.. WOW I think this person read my mind, at the moment I'm collecting as much dark literature as possible to go along with my job and passion (editor at a dark style and culture magazine)
The next is a WEENI of RAY Himself it's so cool and cute... look at it!!!! Then a doll of Ray too, even more awesome....
Then we get to it.... and you might have guessed already... I open the last and theres a QR scanner code... "OOH I need to download a qr code reader" I text my best friend... It links me to a page on reddit, which is secret (dont ask me how) but i can see it starts telling me whats in the gifts, so I put it down I dont want to spoil it.... I open the last box and it's a BOX OF SLIMER COOKIES HANDMADE.... my jaw drops .... again I text "OMG OWN UP IT'S YOU"... AS A JOKE.....
I READ THE NOTE... AND BAM.... IT WAS HER ALL ALONG. Reddit rematched me with my best friend, and she nailed it, it was the best reddit I've ever had, infact it might be the best present I've ever had... and that's difficult, cos she has her self to beat on that one!
The note says that "my mum thinks you'll like the balaclava the best, I think the book or cookies"
Truth is, they're both right.. I instantly jumped on here to write this write-up... and I'v already hastily consumed a DELICIOUS Slimer NOM NOM... I can't wait to read the book... and I'm going to go and scare old ladies in London with my balaclava... what more could I want? :D
Merpy ... YOU ARE AWESOME, (But you already know this because I just freaked out at you over the phone) \ o/
NOTE: I've just realised she's been lying to me for weeks to pull off this prank. You might ask, there's no postage mark on the box, weren't you suspicious? No, because my 'reddit rematch santa' messaged me saying they had a friend in London who was helping out because something went wrong with shipping. LIES.
Secondly she was at my house the other day and I REPLIED to my 'reddit rematch santa' in front of her, to say thanks for sorting it etc previous message. DECEIT
Thirdly the shipping was marked as USPS as in US Postal Service to throw me off the trail. MORE LIES.
Fourthly, when I just joked this to her, the response? "I also set alarms for like 3am whenever I knew I needed to reply so it looked like it was coming from America " MANIPULATION.
MERPY, I cannot even start to express how awesome you are.
Indy Camp madness reaches new heights
Jesus Christ has risen and he's been spotted in an Edinburgh civil court: we have the tweets to prove it.
A man claiming to be Jesus apparently disrupted matters at the Court of Session yesterday, popping into — and then being forcibly removed from — what are known as the Indy Camp legal proceedings.
For background, this lengthy legal battle involves the removal of a group of Scottish independence campaigners — who include those associated with an organisation known as JAH — and who set up camp outside the Scottish parliament late last year vowing to stay until a second Scottish referendum.
Though ordered to leave the site, the group has appealed the decision on human rights grounds, as well as adopting some stranger legal arguments.
It's worth mentioning JAH has some less than conventional beliefs about the world. According to its website (screenshot below), Jesus Christ lives on earth right now — having been reborn in Sheffield in 1948 — and he's here to claim “His Rightful British Israelite Throne.”
Richard McFarlane, a 49-year-old representing JAH, reportedly argued yesterday that the court was illegitimate because of the return of Christ, who is apparently a supporter of Scottish independence. He told the judge:
I know it's very difficult for you given that you will be made redundant upon the coming of his Kingdom. However, the Lord is very serious. He has given permission for the camp to stay there.
Then, during a break in proceedings, you know who showed up.
Take a look at BBC journalist Philip Sim's brilliant commentary from the case.
You'll think I'm making this up, but there is a man who appears to be dressed as Jesus in the courtroom. It's not the usual one though (JAH) — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
The chap tells me that he is in fact Christ, and has info on a USB stick that can prove it. The JAH group ask him about the Stone of Destiny — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
So we actually have two competing Christs here in court. The new one also backs independence, and wants to lodge some evidence of his own — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
The judges are still off bench so they're missing this. The latest Christ is telling the clerk that he's "very serious" about this #IndyCamp — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
The police are trying to get Christ to leave the court. He says there's been a miscarriage of justice; he's refusing to leave the courtroom — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
The police have physically removed the man who called himself Christ from the #IndyCamp courtroom. — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
Mr Keatings points out that all parties in the #IndyCamp distance themselves completely from the man who disrupted the case — Philip Sim (@BBCPhilipSim) October 19, 2016
According to reports, the man claiming to be Jesus said he did not know anyone in JAH, adding:
I am Jesus. I only speak for myself.
The judges have now retired to consider the appeal.
Mayor Thomas Menino has proclaimed today Curious George Day in Boston. This is one thing Maura Hennigan would likely agree with him on. What's there not to like? Curious George is the Johnny Damon of children's literature: fun-loving, hairy, always on the go.
The reason for the proclamation is that today is the 64th birthday of everyone's favorite mischievous monkey. The event will be celebrated from 1 to 4 p.m. at the Boston Public Library in Copley Square. More specifically, it will be celebrated in the Rey Children's Room, which is named in honor of Margret and H.A. Rey, Curious George's creators. George and his friend The Man in the Yellow Hat will be on hand, as will chef Ming Tsai (who'll be offering up birthday cake at 2:30 p.m.) and children's book author Louise Borden. Borden's latest book is ''The Journey That Saved Curious George: The True Wartime Escape of Margret and H.A. Rey." It chronicles how the Reys fled the Nazi invasion of France in 1940, and how they came to the United States.
The Reys wrote and illustrated seven Curious George books, and another 20 have been done by other hands. Few characters can match George for popularity. His books have sold 30 million copies and been translated into 16 languages. In February, a feature-length cartoon will be released, with Will Ferrell as the voice of The Man in the Yellow Hat. And PBS plans to start broadcasting a Curious George cartoon series in fall 2006.
''Everyone knows who Curious George is and loves the character," Borden said Thursday over tea at the Lenox. ''Now I hope they'll fall in love with Margret and H.A. Rey and find out who they were, too."
They were born Hans Reyerbach and Margarete Waldstein -- he in 1898, she in 1906. Both were artistically inclined (she even studied at the Bauhaus), and both ended up in Brazil, where they met. They there married in 1935.
Hans and Margarete moved to Paris. They started to collaborate on children's books. One of their characters was a monkey named Fifi who bears more than a curious resemblance to you-know-who. They also shortened their name to ''Rey," and Margarete became ''Margret." Then came World War II. As German-Jewish emigres, the Reys were in grave danger once the Nazis conquered France.
How they got from Paris to America was the subject of a magazine article that caught Borden's eye in 1995. The story intrigued her for two reasons. Growing up, she hadn't read the Curious George books, but her three children had all been fans. And Borden had just finished a children's book on the evacuation of Dunkirk, so the fall of France was much on her mind.
''I had this image in my head of them in this sea of humanity coursing south from Paris," Borden said. ''I couldn't find books or stories about them, so I said, 'I'm going to write this myself.' "
Borden began a series of investigations that would take a decade, cover three continents, and result in her 20th book. She followed the path of the Reys, from Paris to Normandy, then down to southeastern France, through Spain to Portugal, back to Brazil, and, finally, to the United States. Borden, 55, is an Ohio native and lives in suburban Cincinnati. She and her husband lived in Natick in the early '70s. He taught history at River Country Day School, in Weston; she was an assistant first-grade teacher at the Meadowbrook School, also in Weston.
After they moved back to Ohio, Borden gave up teaching to stay home and raise their children. When the children got older, she began working in a neighborhood bookstore and writing for children. Her first book was published in 1987. She writes both nonfiction and historical fiction.
''The Journey That Saved Curious George" almost qualifies as both: It's a true story (Borden, a demon for research, visited all the hotels the Reys stayed at in France), but it reads like fiction, right down to the Reys cycling out of Paris ahead of the German Army. George's love for his bicycle takes on a whole new significance after reading Borden's book.
''Readers can see that various scenes in the books are echoes of the Reys' past," Borden said. ''Now they have faces and lives. I think that's exciting. I think readers are going to look at Curious George with new eyes."
Mark Feeney can be reached at mfeeney@globe.com.
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company.
Do you dream of retiring early? We interview the expert in early retirement, Mr Money Mustache. We must learn his ways.
A Crisis
Mr Money Mustache didn't retire because he was making so much money from his blog. He had actually been retired for six years before he started writing. The blog was born when he looked around at his friends who had good jobs but were still living pay check to paycheck.
They bought into what has long been sold as the American Dream; go to college, get a job, buy a house, fill that house with as much stuff as it can hold (and when it can't hold anymore, rent a storage unit), have some kids, and get stuck in an unfulfilling job, dreaming of freedom that will always be out of reach.
Retire, maybe at 65 if you're lucky, and live out your days, just kind of existing, hoping your money will outlast you. The best years of your lifelong past. But what if you could be retired by thirty?
Why is not spending so hard? It's largely cultural. We believe it's normal to borrow money for a car, to consider shopping a hobby, to order takeout every single day for lunch at work. We think it's normal because that's all we see.
There aren't any frugal people represented in the media unless you count those coupon shows but those people aren't the norm any more than a Kardashian is a norm. But just because everyone is doing it, doesn't mean it's the right thing to do or that you have to do it too.
MMM started the blog out of frustration, he wanted to show them, and now us, that they could do what he did. And an empire started.
So What's The One Simple Trick?
MMM doesn't have some magical secret. The first and most important step is to keep spending low. Really low. MMM spends 50-75% less than his peers. He was saving about half of his income. He has shown that if you can save 50% of your take home pay starting at age 20 (a time when you probably aren't making much, so this isn't about having a big six-figure salary), you could retire before you turn 40.
It sounds impossible. Save half your income? You can. Name a category and you are spending too much on it. Your housing costs alone would probably go a long way to getting you to that 50% savings.
Here's why; the average house size in the 1950's was 983 square feet. The average household size was 3.37 people. In the 2000's, the average house size was 2,300 square feet while the average household size was 2.63 people. Do you see the odd inverse? We are buying bigger homes to house fewer people!
Cars are another biggy. It certainly is a convenience to have two cars if there are two adults in the household but is it absolutely necessary? What if one of the cars were totaled and no replacement was available for a week? Would one of you just stay home from work or would you figure out a solution? Like many things in life, if you had to do it, you would find a way.
Saving this way goes against societal norms for sure. If you're saving this much, you aren't living in a 3000 square foot McMansion, you aren't driving a brand-new car, and you aren't eating only the most expensive, hand harvested, organic quinoa from Whole Foods.
You are living in an affordable home, near your place of work. Because you're so near to work, you don't have a car at all. You bike or use public transit if you're lucky enough to have it.
Real Happiness
But how will you be happy if you aren't always buying stuff? Because stuff does not make us happy. It's true. Science backs me up. It's experiences that provide real and lasting happiness.
And not just the big, exciting (i.e. expensive) experiences like European vacations either. Think back to your happiest childhood memories. Mine are things like nature walks with my grandmother, not trips to amusement parks or toys I got as presents. Those walks didn't cost anyone anything.
Reconsider how you think of money. Money is not to buy stuff. Money is to buy freedom. For every “stuff” you buy, you are subtracting from your freedom. More working, more commuting, more dealing with annoying co-workers, just so you can have that new end table you could have resisted in Target but didn't.
You'll also need to embrace some discomfort. You can ride your bike to work when it's thirty degrees, you simply don't want to. Do something because it's hard, then it becomes a victory.
How do you deal with friends who only want to socialize in ways that cost a lot of money? First, try to find some friends who value the things you like to do. Find a club devoted to your hobby, running or knitting or rock climbing, whatever you like to do. Now you have a pool of people to do those things with.
Or just step up. You decide what the group is doing and announce it. Make your own pizza party at your place. It's more fun and cheaper than going out to dinner. There may even be those among your friends who are also grateful for the chance to socialize without blowing the budget but are just embarrassed to say so.
Now That I Have All This Money…
Surely, this must be the secret trick. MMM has some kind of secret investing formula that allows for all this. Nope. He invests in index funds like Betterment and Vanguard. He's to busy riding his bike up scenic mountains out in Colorado to be constantly monitoring his investments and actively trading. Index funds allow you to set it and forget it.
Pay off your home. This seems so out of reach for many people but remember, you shouldn't be living in a 3,000 square foot place that you only put 20% down on. You should live in a modest, affordable home. Easier to pay off.
Consider getting into the landlord business. Real estate isn't just for moguls. One of our writers, Allison Karrels, is building a mini-empire right now. She's up to six rental properties and she's not yet forty. She is a nurse and her husband is in the military and they are building up an impressive portfolio.
How Much Money Do I Need?
Okay, you're sold, wonderful! But how much do you need to actually do this? Take what you spend a year, say $25,000 and multiply it by 25. That gives you $625,000. That's how much you need to have invested in order to retire.
Retirement isn't the end of work. It's the end of mandatory work. Tweet This
So there it is folks. Any of us can do it. It won't always be easy but neither is working 9-5 for the next forty years in a job we hate.
Actually Retire Early
Manage your cash and optimize your investments in one place. With Personal Capital you can analyze your 401k to better diversify your holdings and reduce fees. I had no idea I was paying over 1% of my assets in fees every year but with there help I was able to get it down below 0.3%.
Once you have all of your accounts linked you can also leverage their Retirement Planner to plot out exactly what your retirement would look like. Using a Monte Carlo simulation they determine how likely it is that you'll reach the level of income in retirement that you're hoping for.
I've been using Personal Capital since 2013 and I haven't found a better free online tool for building and managing wealth.
Show Notes
Mr Money Mustache: Everything you need to know to retire early.
The 4 Pillars of Investing: A book that helped MMM get his start.
Betterment: Start investing your 50% today.
Of the many out-of-this-world things in the recent Marvel Cinematic Universe film "Doctor Strange," one of the most bizarre is that Marvel has abandoned the thinnest pretense that its heroes have sexual desires. Stephen Strange and his not-very-romantic interest Christine Palmer are already ex-lovers when the film begins, with no real indication of a wish to reconcile throughout. And when Strange inevitably goes off to pick up the hero's lonely mantle, the two part ways with a chaste kiss on the cheek. While this is in line with recent Marvel installments, "Doctor Strange" goes one step further and raises two interesting questions: Why have these films dispensed with sexuality entirely? And why don't we seem to care?
If we look to the comics source material, there is a precedent for this kind of neutering. The post-WWII period brought a decline in the relevance of the patriotic superhero archetype, and during the 1950s, comics featuring horror and romance rose in prominence, as did public anxiety about their social implications. This sentiment reached a climax in 1954 when psychiatrist Fredric Wertham published his seminal book on the degeneracy of comics, “Seduction of the Innocent,” which resulted in a congressional hearing on the subject. In response, comics publishers formed the “Comics Code Authority,” an elaborate set of moral criteria by which they all pledged to abide in order to avoid government regulation. The rules ranged from the vague promise to eliminate “unsavory illustrations” to the oddly specific vow to not depict werewolfism. Sex, needless to say, was off-limits.
Advertisement:
Over time, the sexual and social revolutions of the '60s and '70s changed the moral terrain in the country, and by the early '90s, fewer publishers felt it economically necessary to adhere to the code. But by then its legacy was firmly entrenched in the material, and universally accepted rules had been established to explain why certain characters abstained from sex. Superman's super-sperm for example, would annihilate a human being; the Hulk should not hulk out during sex for obvious reasons.
In the decades since the restrictions of the CCA were cast off, progress has been made towards exploring sex in the comics' source materials, but their film counterparts show the opposite trend. It seems to have nothing to do with moral panic. The Tony Stark of the comic book universe has had many conquests aside from Pepper Potts — he even goes as far as making a sex tape with Black Widow. In kind, the early Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) of 2008's "Iron Man" is presented as a playboy — he rolls around in bed with a reporter, the stewardesses on his private jet bare their midriffs and dance for him. However feeble these overtures are towards establishing him as virile, this incarnation is a far cry from the "Captain America: Civil War" Tony Stark of 2016, who has aborted his relationship with Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) offscreen. Meanwhile, his onscreen sexuality is reduced to a couple of empty verbal jabs at an uninterested Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson).
We see similar treatment elsewhere. 2011's "Thor" and 2013's "Thor: The Dark World" are the halves of a love story between Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Natalie Portman's Dr. Jane Foster. By 2015's "Avengers: Age of Ultron," the only indication of Foster's continuing importance to Thor is an aside about how he is proud of her work. Portman is notably absent from the cast of the upcoming "Thor: Ragnarok." Even the budding feelings between Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) and Black Widow that are only broadly hinted at in "Avengers: Age of Ultron" end with the anti-climax of Hulk launching himself into outer space.
This increasing lack of sex feels dissonant. Aren't superheroes supposed to be the realm of sex-obsessed teenaged boys? And the actors who play them are sex symbols in their own right — their physical attributes are on full display in their spandex costumes. The legacy of the Comics Code and economic factors explain some of this trend towards celibacy. Astronomical budgets ensure that these kinds of films must target the largest possible global audience and shy away from controversy. The Chinese box office is now a market in which franchise films are earning an increasingly higher percentage of total profits. There has been much discussion about the lengths to which Hollywood studios are willing to go to ensure their products will get past Chinese censorship, sometimes even involving Chinese bureaucrats in the filmmaking process. The whitewashing of Dr. Strange's “The Ancient One” — an originally Tibetan character played by white actress Tilda Swinton — has been attributed to the desire to appease Chinese censors. Perhaps Dr. Strange himself was neutered for the very same reason.
But there is still the matter of the significant gap between the kind of explicit sexual content that would limit the scope of a global audience and a platonic peck on the cheek. Why do we not even see a passionate kiss and a fade to black? Hollywood's own legacy of romance and sexuality may provide some background. Though heterosexual romance is often considered the domain of classical Hollywood cinema, a better antecedent to the cinematic Marvel superhero is the Western and action film hero. Our most enduring archetypes, from John Wayne to Dirty Harry to Rambo, have subscribed to the idea that a woman's influence must be diminished by rejecting romance. Heroism often takes root only after a woman has been brutally murdered or done away with in some tragic manner. This spurs on the male hero and creates space for him to behave in a suicidal way that unleashes his fury on behalf of the state.
Whether we are talking about the literal frontier of the west, the urban jungle of action films, or the metaphorical frontier of space, men without women have been a staple of both Hollywood films and the militarized mechanism of war. The relationship was reified after 9/11 when “smoking out bad guys” became the mandate for eight years of American foreign policy and a never ending cycle of superhero franchise films. But where the Mel Gibson-style hero of the late '80s and early '90s would go on a disemboweling spree to avenge his murdered woman, current Marvel films see that pathos swapped out for a distinctly millennial ambivalence towards women in the first place.
Advertisement:
It's worth noting that within Marvel's core fan base, some not only refrain from demanding sex in these films, but have also come to revile it. Message boards on the subject reflect a range of sentiments, but a common one is the angry assertion that these movies are simply not the place for romantic storylines. For a medium with a history of interplay between fandom and authorship, perhaps this onscreen rejection of sex speaks to the psychology of not only audiences, but the authors of the stories as well.
“Secret Identity Reader” co-author Richard Harrison addresses this in his essay, "Grown Women's Bodies in a Young Boy's Hands." “I do not see it as an unease I learned from comics; I think though, it was an unease the comics and I had in common,” Harrison wrote. Since the advent of the Comics Code and onwards, the comic book has been giving voice to a subculture of sex-averse young men and now that subculture has gone mainstream.
Recent studies show millennials are having less sex than the generations before them and this seems to be reflected on forums where some of the same men who form Marvel's target demographic congregate to air their grievances. The Manosphere, Men Going Their Own Way (MGTOW) and The Red Pill are a few of the names given to contemporary movements which range from forums advocating for men's rights to men seeking support in acts as simple as giving up gaming or masturbation. The amount of hostility directed at women varies. But what is consistent is a sense of powerlessness and a desire for autonomy from women, even if that means giving up sex.
There is also a case to be made that technology and our reliance on it are equally responsible for this mediation of sexuality. The world of superheroes is a highly technological one, in which militarized body armor, whether it be robotic AI like Iron Man's or merely technical like Captain America's, operates as a kind of full-body condom that is necessary to fight war and keep the male body safe, with the side effect of keeping the male body physically detached from other bodies. Abstinence, practiced by all-male religious orders since ancient times, is now being embraced by our most agnostic institutions: politics and cinema.
Advertisement:
The dark world of the men's movement and the military radicalization of young men may seem a far cry from the proposed asexuality of the MCU, but at the core of both is a shared understanding of popular culture (The Red Pill movement is a direct nod to "The Matrix" and Morpheus's delineation of choice as a red or blue bill), the marginalization of women and a repression of sexuality. And while it is difficult to point to one single antecedent — technology, conservatism or a self-censoring endemic to both Hollywood and comics — it's clear the neutering of Marvel films is reinforcing our increasingly insular worldview; the view that each of us is a self-sustaining island unto ourselves and we don't need relationships to survive. And in this political moment, that seems like a dangerous message.
P osted by
Harjeet Johal ,
March 6, 2015 Twitter
@HarJournalist Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C - The 2016 MLS season kicked off at BC Place on Sunday afternoon with an all Canadian battle featuring the visiting Montreal Impact and the Vancouver Whitecaps. For the second opening match of the season the Whitecaps fell to a bitter Canadian rival. Montreal surprised a young and talented Vancouver side and came away with a 3-2 win before a crowd of 22,120. Skipper Ignacio Piatti scored a brace and added an assist to lead the Montreal Impact to victory. Dominic Oduro scored the game-winning goal and added an assist. Defensive errors doomed the Whitecaps from the get go. Piatti scored a highlight reel goal 19' minutes in after weaving his way through the heart of the Vancouver defense. Jordan Harvey was able to cut the Montreal lead in half via a free kick just before halftime. Kendall Waston added a late stoppage time goal, but it wasn't enough. Newcomer Harry Shipp picked up his first assist and Montreal goalkeeper Even Bush earned himself a win on his 31st birthday and was asked if that's the best birthday gift he has ever received. "I suppose so, I won't recount some of the birthday gifts I got. Today to get our first win on the road in Canada during regular season. That's huge for the club, that's huge for the US. The way we started last year and to get 3 points right off the bat on the road that's huge." Following the match Whitecaps goalkeeper David Ousted was placing all the blame and errors on himself. "On a personal level that's some of the worst I've played as a Whitecap and I'm gutted for the team. I thought we did well in periods today. I thought we scored two good goals, but we ended up giving three away, which is not a nice start to the season. I've said all along that mistakes are going to come and that's part of soccer, part of life." A usually upbeat Jordan Harvey summed up the disappointment after another opening season loss. "We dug ourselves a hole, I thought we came out a little flat. With that said, I thought we played alright. We just couldn't finish and we made some mistakes." The Opening 45
The Bug, Cristian Techera was buzzing all over the Montreal goal early on, but could not find an early goal for the home side. Montreal weathered the first onslaught of pressure from the Whitecaps and opened the scoring. Ignacio Piatti was able to get by Kianz Froese and then nutmeg Christian Bolanos. Piatti then got around new Whitecaps right-back Fraser Aird and a flat-footed Kendall Waston as the Argentine playmaker riffled a shot low far corner past David Ousted. Montreal had an early lead to the shock of the supporters. Vancouver was not able to capitalize on a Octavio Rivero shot that hit the crossbar, a Rivero breakaway and a free kick into the Impact wall from Techera. Coming into the match Montreal players had talked about getting through the early stages of the matches and settling in. Mauro Biello's match plan was on point early on. A bungled play at the back gifted Impact striker Dominic Oduro his first goal of the season. Piatti played a ball into the path of the 30 year-old Ghanian and a take it, I got it miscommunication unfolded between Kendall Waston and David Ousted. Neither Vancouver player cleared the ball and Oduro was in on goal with an open net to give Montreal a 2-0 lead. Ousted once again was taking all the blame for the poor communication between him and his centre-back. "No, it was all me. I came out and I think I got it. I should have communicated better with Kendall. Then I tried to slide and ended up not wanting to collide with him and slide past the ball, so that was all me." Not wanting to go into the half down by a pair of goals, Vancouver cut the deficit in half with a goal from left-back Jordan Harvey. Ambroise Oyongo caught Techera up high with a foul and was issued a yellow card. On the ensuing free kick, Pedro Morales found an unmarked Harvey who was able to score his first goal since June 1, 2014 at Portland. The teams went into the break with Montreal ahead 2-1 and Vancouver with a 52% - 48% possession advantage. Worth noting: Oduro had an excellent pre-season & carried that form into today. 1G-1A & covered a lot of ground.#IMFC #MLS — Lloyd Barker (@lloydbarker11) March 7, 2016 The player #VWFC needed to not play today was Piatti not Drogba. #MLS — FTBL Podcast (@FromTheBackline) March 7, 2016
The Second Half
Vancouver's defensive woes were a cause for concern as Montreal continued to catch the Caps on the break. Substitute Anthony Jackson-Hamel struck the far left post as he was able to evade the Whitecaps back-four. Carl Robinson's side has their chances, but scoring an equalizer remained difficult. Kekuta Manneh entered for Techera in the 60' min and soon after Blas Perez made his Whitecaps debut in the 66' replacing Kianz Froese. Manneh immediately made his presence known as he sent in a lovely cross to Octavio Rivero. The Caps striker was able to get his head on the ball, but was out done by a tremendous save from the outstretched Evan Bush. The Vancouver Whitecaps were pressing in search for that all important trying goal, but it just wasn't meant to be. Piatti added his second of the match after Oduro sent him in 1v1 with David Ousted in the 88' minute. The Vancouver defense pushed forward and left the barn door open for a Montreal counter. Kendall Waston was able to head home a goal at the death in stoppage time, but it wasn't enough. Vancouver shot themselves in the foot from the start and could not overcome the Impact and Piatti.. Man of the Match
Ignacio Piatti
Piatti was all over the pitch and easily the best player all around. The 31 year-old was not daunted by the Whitecaps strong defense from a season ago as he darted wherever he wanted and caused havoc at the back for the Caps. The Montreal captain took charge and dictated play for the Impact with a brace and an assist. The Caps young team was not able to handle his slick foot work and he was instrumental in all the visitors goals. Piatti is going to have to be a big part of the Impact offense this season with Didier Drogba refusing to play on artificial turf pitch. After the first match, Piatti showed he is up for the task of leading Montreal. Who was your Whitecaps Man of the Match? Who was your Impact Man of the Match?
Vancouver Whitecaps Starting XI: David Ousted; Fraser Aird, Kendall Waston, Tim Parker, Jordan Harvey; Matias Laba, Kianz Froese 68 (Blas Perez); Christian Bolaños, Pedro Morales(C), Cristian Techera 60 (Kekuta Manneh); Octavio Rivero, 81 (Masato Kudo). 4-2-3-1. Montreal Impact Starting XI: Evan Bush; Ambroise Oyongo, Laurent Ciman, Victor Cabrera, Danny Toia; Marco Donadel, 56 (Calum Mallace), Eric Alexander; Harry Shipp, Ignacio Piatti(C), Lucas Ontivero, 53 (Anthony Jackson-Hamel); Dominic Oduro 90+1 (Hassoun Camara). 4-2-3-1
Jamaican athlete Usain Bolt speaks during a news conference in Zagreb September 12, 2011, a day before the Zagreb grand prix. REUTERS/Nikola Solic
ZAGREB (Reuters) - World record holder Usain Bolt won the 100 meters dash at an IAAF World Challenge event on Tuesday in a season's best time of 9.85 seconds on a hot and humid evening in Croatia's capital.
Having been disqualified following a false start at the world championships in Daegu, South Korea, last month, Bolt was eager to redeem himself for missing out on the opportunity to retain the title he won at the 2009 event in Berlin.
But Bolt had to work hard to finish ahead of 2011 world bronze medalist Kim Collins, who kept up with the towering Jamaican until the final 10 meters and pushed him all the way to the finish line.
Bolt was immediately swarmed by fans looking for autographs and was escorted across the terraces by security officials as he received a standing ovation from 12,000 fans in the Mladost track and field sports complex located on the banks of Sava river.
Trinidad and Tobago's Richard Thompson finished third.
Democrat wants Obama impeached Kesha Rogers is a Lyndon LaRouche follower and Democratic challenger to U.S. Rep. Pete Olson, R-Sugar Land.
Kesha Rogers, a Lyndon LaRouche follower and Democratic challenger to U.S. Rep. Pete Olson, R-Sugar Land, has been campaigning on a platform that starts with impeaching President Barack Obama.
Her campaign sent out a news release Friday calling on top members of the executive branch to relieve the president of his duties via the 25th Amendment to the Constitution, citing "numerous public displays of President Obama's ongoing psychological meltdown."
"Lyndon LaRouche warned you on April 11, 2009, that the narcissistic personality of President Obama would self-destruct. That is now happening, and so we must use the 25th Amendment, to get Obama out now, and save the nation. The Vice President must now act, the Senate and Congress must now act, to come back into session on an emergency basis, take the appropriate measures to keep Barack Obama safe from himself, and then deal with the hyperinflationary blowout of our Federal banking system."
Matt Schwartz
The U.S. invaded Iraq 10 years ago this week. Was it worth it?
Tuesday marks the 10-year anniversary of the Iraq war. The cost of that military adventure? Approximately 190,000 dead soldiers, contractors, and civilians, and a $2.2 trillion bill for American taxpayers, according to a recent report from Brown University. Specifically, the research was conducted by "30 economists, anthropologists, lawyers, humanitarian personnel, and political scientists from 15 universities, the United Nations, and other organizations."
The initial cost estimate by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget in 2002: $60 billion. As we previously reported, that's the amount the United States ended up spending on reconstruction efforts alone, with $8 billion of it being wasted outright. The $2.2 trillion number cited by Brown includes the cost of caring for veterans, and could climb to $3.9 trillion by 2053 thanks to cumulative interest on borrowed funds.
SEE MORE: Should New York use tax credits to woo Jimmy Fallon and The Tonight Show?
As for the 190,000 dead: Roughly 134,000 of them were Iraqi civilians.
Obviously, those numbers are pretty staggering. And they raise an obvious question: Was it worth it? Not according to the researchers. Reuters sums up the findings:
The report concluded the United States gained little from the war while Iraq was traumatized by it. The war reinvigorated radical Islamist militants in the region, set back women's rights, and weakened an already precarious healthcare system, the report said. [Reuters]
Particularly alarming, the report says, is the lack of access to healthcare after "more than half of Iraq's medical doctors left the country during the 2000s."
SEE MORE: Israel apologizes to Turkey: A diplomatic coup for Obama
Of course, plenty of people see the Iraq war as something of a success, albeit a costly one. And certainly, in the bloody days before the successful surge and Sunni awakening, it seemed that Iraq might never achieve the relative stability and fragile peace it has today. And, as Victoria Nuland, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, notes, U.S.-Iraq ties have at least improved.
Compared to where we were in the Saddam era, we now have a bilateral security agreement. We have deep economic interests and ties. We have a security relationship. We have a political relationship. [Stars and Stripes]
Of course, Saddam Hussein had few admirers. But did the United States really achieve its goal of making Iraq a free and democratic country? Not really, says the report. Iraq ranks 112th out of 165 countries in the Economist Intelligence Unit's Democracy Index — classified somewhere between a "flawed democracy" and an "authoritarian regime."
SEE MORE: PHOTOS: The early days of Beatlemania
And while things are better today than they were in, say, 2006, it's not like today's Iraq is violence-free. The same morning that the new figures were released, Reuters reported that coordinated blasts killed 25 people near the Green Zone in Baghdad.
View this article on TheWeek.com Get 4 Free Issues of The Week
Other stories from this section:
Like on Facebook - Follow-on Twitter - Sign-up for Daily Newsletter
Fair Game
Listen to the tracks for yourself below, if you're feeling the tracks as much as we are, the full new album is on sale on Itunes and it is worth every penny :
Hunter is a real musician making real music, let's support that :
You probably never heard of Hunter. Before today, neither did we, 2 tracks later we can't stop listening to the guy. Let us enlighten you.Hunter is one of those underground indie artists a hipster would want to horde for themselves while still possible, because when enough ears listen to his catchy hooks, cool indie vocals, and funky electro sound, it will be impossible to keep a lid on this. Complete review, as well as a few preview tracks from the album, below :is the name of the latest project from the American singer, producer, songwriter, and composer and its a bit unusual, but so is Hunter."Brian Wilson meets Flaming Lips meets Daft Punk meets the Bee Gees meets Caribou." a close friend of Scott Hunter tells BreakingBass when describing the artist. Not quite sure about that one, but that's probably a good thing for Mr.Hunter, he has his own unique sound, a rare find these days.Hunter, aka Scott Hunt, may still be low-key for now but he definitely isn't new to the music scene withof mostly amazing music spanning over various genres. "Crutches" is fantastic, with two tracks available for free listen on Soundcloud, its only flaw is leaving listeners wanting for more.Even if you do not enjoy the "Crutches" album you will not regret taking a look at Hunter's YouTube channel,if the tracks featured below aren't your style. His music is so diverse, it was hard to believe some of the different albums were from the same person. What they had in common however, was the talented vocalist and instrumentalist(s). In fact, some of us here at BreakingBass actually prefer some of the older, almost classic rock sounds from tracks like " She's A Cornucopia " on his album Dark Ocean Colors ( a collaboration between Hunter and Mark Mikel ).Here's a rundown of how we felt about just one of the tracks, 'Fair Game' from the album "Crutches".An upbeat, funky bass line grabs your attention.The beat suddenly shifts to the sort of feel good synth-y chorus one might play while riding in a car with a group of friends.The drums do an awesome job of complementing the catchy vocals with it's refreshing organic sound. It's clear someone is quite the drummer.Until suddenly, the room fills with a perfectly balanced, harmonious melody :"It's a fair game/and the rules don't apply"[Warning : Groovy guitar sounds will be stuck in your head for an undetermined amount of time.]Definitely the sort of track that starts with a few intermittent shoulder waves to the beat, progressing to deeper head bobbing, and ending with a full blown indie dance party for one.
Ever since humans first walked the earth, we have relied on plants for our survival.
They provide us with food, shelter, medicine and even the oxygen we breathe. Now, a team of scientists is wondering if they can protect us from climate change as well.
Friday, researchers at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in San Diego launched a new initiative to improve on the ability of plants to suck carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and store it deep in the soil. They call it “Harnessing Plants.”
“There are a lot of geoengineering efforts to come up with ways of pulling carbon dioxide out of the air,” said Joseph Noel, a chemical biologist at Salk who is working on the project. “Plants do this anyway, so why not try a biological solution as well.”
During the growing season, plants pull more than 100 gigatons of carbon out of the atmosphere through the process of photosynthesis. But much of that carbon is eventually released back into the air as C02 — either because we and other animals eat the plants or burn them, or they return to the soil where bacteria and fungi cause them to decompose.
The effects of this yearly cycle are measurable on a global scale. The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere consistently drops during the Northern Hemisphere's spring and summer, when plants are growing across the large land masses of North America, Europe and Asia. When winter descends and fewer plants are growing and others are decaying, the C02 concentrations rise once again.
Graph by Marit Jentoft-Nilsen and Robert Simmon, using data from the NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory. Maps by Robert Simmon and Reto Stöckli, using MODIS data
One of the Salk team's goals is to find a way to help plants do a better job of taking the carbon they absorb from the atmosphere and keeping it in the soil.
They already have a lead on how to make this happen.
All plants make a substance called suberin that protects their roots. You are likely familiar with suberin even if you don't know it. It's the same material as the cork in your wine bottle or on your corkboard. It's also the material that makes up the skin of a potato.
The unique properties of suberin help plants in many ways, said Noel. It makes them more tolerant of drought and paradoxically, more tolerant of floods. Plants that grow in salt water produce a lot of suberins because it helps regulate how much salt is absorbed by their roots. It also serves as a protection against disease.
But perhaps most importantly for the group's goals, suberin is a carbon-rich polymer that is very difficult for bacteria and fungi to break down.
Noel first observed this after throwing a cork from a wine bottle in with his compost at home.
“It's a natural plant product, but when I put it in the compost heap, nothing happened to it even as everything else decayed,” he said.
Further research in the lab revealed that suberin is one of the most stable forms of carbon in the soil. That means once carbon from the atmosphere makes it into the ground in the form of suberin, it will stay put.
Armed with this information, one of the group's first goals is to breed a variety of plants that can produce more suberin than they currently do today.
“We don't want to change photosynthesis, because plants are already so good at it,” said Joanne Chory, a plant biologist at Salk who is leading the initiative. “But we want them to make bigger roots and deeper roots with more suberin. We think we can get them to make 20 times what they make now pretty easily.”
Of course, for their suberin-rich plants to have an impact on the global carbon cycle, they will have to be deployed on an enormous scale. In the longer term, the group envisions partnering with governments around the world to distribute seeds to farmers.
“5% of the world's crop land is what we want to change over,” Chory said.
It's an enormous goal, and one that even Chory admits sounds a bit crazy. But she also believes that the group's work is an essential step toward creating a more sustainable planet.
“I don't think we have a choice but to work on this,” she said.
Scientists who are not involved in the initiative agreed.
“We have to take as much as 1 trillion tons of carbon dioxide out of the air and as of now, there are no viable and scalable ways of taking carbon out of the air,” said V. Ram Ramanathan, professor of climate sciences at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. “Soil restoration and locking the carbon in biomass is a major option and we have to do everything we can to develop the method and the technology. I am truly excited by this initiative from Salk.”
We have to take as much as 1 trillion tons of carbon dioxide out of the air. V. Ram Ramanathan, professor of climate sciences at Scripps Institution of Oceanography
Michael Strano, a chemical engineer who works with plants at MIT, noted that there are several advantages of using plants to sequester carbon. The only energy they need to do their work is harvested from the sun, plus they can regenerate themselves and are capable of self-repair.
“We need to start thinking in the direction of carbon sequestration and I think plants are going to be a big part of that,” he said.
Already the Salk Institute has invested more than $7 million in the initiative, including building six high-tech climate control rooms that will allow the researchers to test seeds in a variety of climates, and future climates, from around the world.
Chory said the group will begin by using traditional breeding processes to develop seeds in the lab that produce more suberin. They hope to have them ready to test on grazing lands within five years.
“The only path to sustainability is going to involve plants,” she said.
deborah.netburn@latimes.com
Do you love science? I do! Follow me @DeborahNetburn and "like" Los Angeles Times Science & Health on Facebook.
MORE IN SCIENCE
Even small black holes emit gravitational waves when they collide, and LIGO heard them
This new satellite could produce the most accurate weather predictions yet
Just like humans, chimpanzees warn others of impending danger
At first, it hardly seemed real.
In the space of five minutes on Wednesday morning, three cars backed into spots on Boylston Street by Trinity Church.
Which meant three spots had opened up. Three.
Advertisement
Was this Boston?
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Many of us have frittered away weeks, possibly months, of our lives, crawling along that block, and others like it, dreaming of such a thing — a break in the car rank that isn't a hydrant or handicapped ramp. We've ignored the honks and middle digits of drivers trying to get somewhere as we inched along, peering and praying. We have double-parked, scanning the horizon for movement, ready to pounce. Detecting a blessed vacancy, we have crossed lanes and dodged pedestrians to perform feats of microsurgical parking. And by God, once we got a spot, we stayed there, even if it meant a $25 ticket.
Are those days gone? City Hall says yes, if parking rate hikes do here what's theyhaving done in other cities. Under the pilot project launched this week, meter rates have tripled to $3.75 an hour at about 1,600 meters in the Back Bay, and will rise at variable rates of up to $4 an hour at 600 meters in the Seaport District — the two neighborhoods where the search for parking is most likely to drive motorists round the bend.
Make street parking more expensive, the theory goes, and people will be less likely to use on-street spots for longer than they should, especially when the higher meter rate plus a parking ticket make the street as pricey as a garage. Spots will open more often.
And since drivers searching for parking account for a whopping 30 percent of the cars in congested neighborhoods, higher meter fees also should mean less traffic. That, in turn, lowers emissions. It also leads to fewer distracted drivers — excellent news for walkers and bikers.
Advertisement
It will also surely mean fewer cars, period, in those neighborhoods. It would be delightful if our public transportation system was equal to the higher ridership the new policy will prompt. Perhaps more T riders will put extra pressure on a state administration with a severe allergy to revenue-raising, prompting it to finally pay up for the system we deserve. Well, we can dream.
It's too soon to tell if the fantasy that played out on Boylston on Wednesday was a fluke or a result of the new policy. But there will certainly be more scenes like it — especially if the city decides, after collecting more data, that getting obdurate Bostonians to change their habits requires meter rates to be even higher.
Yes, there will be angry drivers. One told the Globe the increases had him considering moving to another state (he was joking, presumably). But Boston has long offered a ridiculously good deal to street parkers: Our $1.25 an hour is comically low compared to some other places, which charge up to $6.50. We are subsidizing motorists when the city's health, and that of the environment, cries out for fewer cars. And there are plenty of benefits to offset the hurt.
Take the pilot citywide and it could change the way we get around. If enough cities adopt the approach, it could fuel something of a revolution for public transportation — and the air we breathe. There aren't many things for progressives to smile about these days, but this prospect could be one.
Now more than ever, cities — and policies that make them more liveable — are our greatest hope. Voters just elected a president who appears not to believe in most of what government does. He has selected Cabinet secretaries who are inexperienced, daft, eager to eliminate the departments they'll lead, or some combination of all three. We're entering an era in which those in power seem fine with — or at least determined to ignore — the planet frying.
Advertisement
But City Halls still brim with idealists. They can make change happen, change you notice, even with what seem like small shifts.
The new parking policy might be a pain in the neck. It's also visionary.
Globe columnist Yvonne Abraham can be reached at yvonne.abraham@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @GlobeAbraham
Jesus on Cross
17th–18th Century A.D.
Ivory, 32.5 cms. x 25 cms.
Goa, India
Acc. No. – 76.59
Jesus came with a message of peace, forgiveness and love, with the promise of eternal life for those who turned to him. He broke no law, committed no crime and sanctioned no rebellion. However, since Christ had identified himself as a Messiah with the "suffering servant" of Isaiah, it caused his rejection and thus was crucified on the Calvary.
This figure showing Christ with outstretched hands and head bent towards his right, depicting the scene after crucifixion. Whereas the body and head are carved out of one piece of ivory, the arm and the loin cloth-ends are carved separate and joined together. He is having beard, moustaches and hair leaning to shoulders and the face shows the pain being suffered by the body. This body shows emaciated figure, similarly his hands and legs show realistically rare treatment-veins, muscles etc. He is wearing only a loin cloth fastened with a rope. Nail marks on palms and feet. Traces of paint can be seen at places.
Full House episodes can now be legally streamed on Youtube. KBS published yesterday the first five episodes of the hit Korean drama on the official YouTube channel of KBS World, the network's international broadcasting service. The move by the network came days after Song Hye-kyo, the drama's lead actress, announced through her agency that she will be marrying her Descendants of the Sun co-star Song Joong-ki.
The network did not release any statement before they published the videos on July 13. It is unclear if all Full House episodes, 16 in total, will be published by the network on KBS World TV Youtube channel. All the episodes uploaded so far have English subtitles and video quality of up to 480p.
Full House originally aired from July 14 to September 4, 2004, on Wednesdays and Thursdays. It was directed by Pyo Min-soo (The Producers) and written by Min Hyo-jung. The series is one of the earliest romantic comedy dramas in South Korea that became popular abroad. KBS did not provide an explanation behind its move to upload the full-length episodes of the drama on their Youtube channel but many netizens are speculating that it has something to do with the recent announcement of Song Hye-kyo and Song Joong-ki to tie the knot in October. One Youtube user named Twirling Wench commented on the first episode, “Throwback from KBS to celebrate Song Hye Kyo ‘s marriage?” Laura12882, another user, replied, “Yeah there doing the same for her fiance (forgot his name)…”
KBS also made a similar move for Song Joong-ki by re-airing the actor's 2012 melodrama, The Innocent Man, on KBS World from July 11 to August 11, 2017. The episodes will be broadcast on Tuesdays through Fridays at 00:20 Korean time.
Song Hye-kyo and Song Joong-ki played their first leading drama role in television via KBS. Song Hye-kyo rose to fame in Asia after starring in the popular KBS romantic melodrama, Autumn in My Heart, while Song Joong-ki also became more popular through his first lead role in a drama, The Innocent Man. Both actors reached a phenomenal success in their careers in 2016 due to another KBS drama, Descendants of the Sun.
Song Hye-kyo's 2004 drama Full House centers on the story of an ordinary, aspiring scriptwriter woman, Han Ji-eun (played by Song Hye-kyo), who goes on vacation and returns home without knowing that her house was sold to a man she met on the plane. This man is a famous actor named Lee Young-jae, played by Rain, who lets her stay in her house on the condition that she will sign a contract marriage and pretend to be his wife to make his crush jealous. Things start to complicate for the two as they fall in love with each other.
To access Full House episodes, you can visit the Youtube channel of KBS World or watch the first episode here, which is also available below.
Human Rights Watch, known internationally for fighting degradation and institutional suffering among the people of Africa, Indonesia, Latin America and other developing areas of the world, has turned its sights to New York City. The organization has issued a report -- to be made public today -- on bail and arraignment practices in our Criminal Courts. Following a two-year study, the report concludes that bail results in the incarceration of poor people, almost all of whom are black or Hispanic and are charged with non-violent crimes.
Human Rights Watch has found that every year the bail system in New York City penalizes thousands of poor people with pre-trial detention when they are arrested and charged with minor crimes. In these instances, the judges often require a fairly small amount of bail money. But that often is still more than the individuals and families involved can afford. (Bail is intended to insure that defendants return to court for trial after their arrest or risk losing the money they have posted.)
The Price of Freedom
"The Price of Freedom: Bail and Pretrial Detention of Low-Income Non-felony Defendants in New York City," reports that 87 percent of defendants whose bail was set at $1,000 or less were jailed following their first court appearance for arraignment and remained incarcerated for an average of almost 16 days. Their crimes: shoplifting, prostitution, turnstile jumping, marijuana, possession of small quantities of drugs, trespassing. None were violent, and none involved weapons. In effect, these people served their sentences before ever been tried, much less convicted, since in many of the cases, the sentences eventually imposed would likely have been less than the time they spent at Rikers Island. These non-felony defendants awaiting trial constitute approximately one quarter of the population on Rikers.
The Human Rights Watch analysis found that the city could have saved $42 million in 2008 if the 16,649 non-felony defendants arrested that year who were unable to make bail of $1,000 or less had been released on their own recognizance or under some other alternative to incarceration. The report urges the city to create such an alternative. The cost of keeping a person confined in a city jail is approximately $73,000 a year.
According to Jamie Fellner, senior counsel at the U.S. Program at Human Watch who conducted the study and wrote the report, "Bail punishes the poor because they cannot afford to buy their pretrial freedom." Fellner found that judges sitting in Criminal Court tend to set bail at amounts that are unaffordable for indigent defendants.
"The pretrial incarceration of persons presumed innocent of minor crimes is a disproportionate and needless curtailment of liberty that is difficult to square with fundamental notions of fairness," Fellner's report concludes.
While the report did not provide a breakdown for the races of people affected by the bail policy it noted, "Although blacks and Hispanics combined constitute only 51 percent of New York City's population population, aggressive law enforcement in minority neighborhoods has led to them comprising 82.4 percent of all arrestees and a similar percentage of all criminal defendants."
It also cites city Department of Correction figures that 88 percent of people held on bail of $1,000 or less are black and Hispanic.
Plead Guilty and Walk
The only way a defendant charged with a misdemeanor or violation such as disorderly conduct can get out of jail quickly when a judge sets bail he or she cannot raise, is to plead guilty. Pleading guilty can mean walking out of the courthouse -- particularly if this is the first person's first arrest -- since many of the minor offenses do not carry any jail time, and the defendant has already served 24 hours by the time he or she appears in court. Others pleading guilty may get an Adjournment in Contemplation of Dismissal, meaning if they don't get arrested again within the next six months their case is automatically dismissed and sealed or they may receive a conditional or unconditional discharge.
Meanwhile, the defendant who asserts the presumption of innocence remains behind bars. Of the 19,137 non-felony defendants arrested in 2008 whose bail was $1,000 or less, 87 percent were not able to post that and had no one else who could. This helps explain why 99.6 percent of the convictions for misdemeanors are by guilty plea.
Fixing the System
The report posits, "Judges may intentionally set bail at a level beyond a defendant's means when they believe the defendant will not return to court if released. Human Rights Watch found, however, that "failure to appear is not a widespread problem."
To some extent, the report is critical of judges for failing to use alternative means of assuring that an individual will return. The statutory alternative most readily available -- and which the report encourages -- is unsecured appearance bonds. These require that the defendant or someone else, such as a parent, signs a promise to pay a certain sum of money in the event that the defendant does abscond. This, often used in federal courts, avoids the need for money upfront. Many judges are unfamiliar with the possibilities and also are overwhelmed with the number of cases during an arraignment session. The unsecured bond does entail some extra paperwork for the clerical staff, but is till one of the recommendations in the report.
The second recommendation is for the city to develop pretrial supervised release programs that presumably would monitor defendants or require them to report in. The cost of such programs would, Human Rights Watch concludes, be far less than the cost of incarceration. And they would not infringe on the constitutional presumption of innocence by permitting pretrial detention based on poverty.
Human Rights Watch also recommends that judges set bail in accord with defendant's actual financial circumstances.
Schools should refuse to take part in 'fly on the wall' TV shows, the head of Ofsted has said.
The programmes do not show the reality of school life, focusing on the 'sensational' rather than a balanced picture of state education, according to Sir Michael Wilshaw.
A number of school-based shows and documentaries have been aired on UK TV in recent years, including Channel 4's 'Educating...' series, which has focused on secondaries in Essex, Yorkshire, Cardiff and east London and the BBC's Tough Young Teachers, which followed a group of newly-qualified teachers.
A number of pupils and teachers have become well-known after featuring in these programmes.
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw told teachers they should decline invitations to appear on 'fly on the wall' documentaries such as Educating Yorkshire because they give a 'distorted view' of the state system
In his speech to the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) annual conference in Birmingham, Sir Michael took aim at such reality shows, as he said that recruitment problems in England's schools are in part fuelled by negative public perceptions of teaching.
'One way you can certainly help is by refusing any request for your school to feature on a "fly on the wall" television show,' he said.
'The problem with these programmes is that they provide great TV but little reality. They inevitably focus on the sensational, at the cost of presenting a balanced picture of what goes on in our schools. The spotlight always falls on the "lippy" kid and the NQT (newly qualified teacher) in trouble and gives a distorted view of our state system.
'All they do is reinforce the caricatures of comprehensive schools promoted by those who don't understand them, would like to get rid of them and return to selection.'
Sir Michael said shows such as 'Educating Yorkshire' pictured, 'reinforce the caricatures of comprehensive schools' by those who want to see a return to 'selection' by not presenting a balanced view of the schools
Sir Michael also argued that the growth in international schools is also causing problems with teacher recruitment in state schools.
'The reasons for the teacher shortages are already well documented so I don't need to dwell on them too much today, other than to say that the exponential growth in international schools abroad, many of which are sponsored by our top public schools, is pouring petrol on to the fire,' he said.
There are now an estimated 8,000 international schools, many of them employing UK teachers, the Ofsted boss said.
He added: 'That figure is forecast to nearly double over the next few years. What joy! How wonderful for the independent sector, how miserable for the rest of us.
'I have to confess that as a head, it was always my ambition to make my school so good that parents would rather opt for a free state education than an independent one. Therefore it's good to see that the Good Schools Guide is recognising that our schools are getting so much better. Our job must be to convince parents, particularly those of more able children, that state secondary schools can deliver the very best education and help youngsters achieve their full potential.'
Sir Michael's comments come amid continuing concerns from school leaders and education experts about a growing teacher shortage in England's state schools.
Mr.K unleashes second EP on Wheel & Deal 4.4 DUPLOC.COM RATING
Mr.K released his official debut EP in December 2016 on N-Type's Wheel & Deal imprint. While currently being signed to White Peach and DUPLOC, Mr.K unleashes another batch of tunes on Wheel & Deal Records. The perfect timing to have a little chit chat with Mr.K about his story. “Before my first release I have been producing for several years. I wasn't putting out anything because I just didn't feel I was at the level to do so yet. However I always had in mind that when I was ready, I would send my music to N-Type as he was someone, when I was in my teens, that I did always listen to. Eventually I finished both ‘Chit Chat' and ‘Dope Fiend' and decided to give it a try as I had nothing to lose really. Actually N-Type got back to me surprisingly quick with the proposal of doing an EP!”
“And honestly, yes, that release changed everything for me. It did pretty well on JunoDownload, as it was number 1 for a little while and I think that's how a lot of people first heard of me. It tripped me out because I was asked to go down to Radar Radio not long after to do a guestmix for the Sicaria Sound show (big up Sancha & Lou) and things just kind of kept rolling from there I guess.”
Mr.K's second EP on Wheel & Deal Records includes his highly-anticipated tune “Baka”: “Pretty soon after the first release we spoke about doing a second one and at the time I already had done the remix for AxH's ‘Devil Shogun' along with ‘Baka' and ‘Dafuq' so it all happened pretty swift. And of course I was happy to do a second EP. Wheel & Deal was the first label to take a risk and sign me considering nobody at all knew who Mr.K was. It really is a family thing for me.” Mr.K reflects on the sound on this EP: “In terms of contrast to my previous Wheel & Deal EP I'd say this release is more in your face and is more energetic. It holds more mid range as opposed to the deeper stripped back sound.” WHEELYDEALY056 is due to release on the 23rd of February 2018.
A Toronto fashion incubator for Indigenous artists is partnering with Ikea to launch a collection of kitchen accessories that reflect traditional ideas about conserving resources and feasting.
Beginning June 8th, shoppers at Ikea's Etobicoke location can purchase one of four handmade products made entirely from salvaged textiles by Setsuné Indigenous Fashion Incubator.
The products are made of Ikea textiles like bedsheets and curtains that would have otherwise been tossed, and include an apron, tea towels, a basket, and a small bag.
"In our culture, if you go hunting, we would use all parts of the animals, and we just kind of took those ideas into the kitchen. So we made all items that you can use for kitchen, food preparation, feasting," explained Setsuné co-founder Sage Paul in an appearance on CBC Radio's Metro Morning.
Paul said working with a large corporation like Ikea was a "really positive experience," though the group had some concerns going in.
"We went in with our guard up because of cultural appropriation and exploiting Indigenous people and Indigenous women specifically," she said.
The collection of four products created for Ikea, called the ÅTERSTÄLLA Collection, which translates from Swedish into 'Restore.' (Setsuné Indigenous Fashion Incubator)
Wary of being asked to create pieces that leaned on stereotypes, for example, using textiles that show dreamcatchers or feathers, Paul said they chose to be "very upfront about it, we were very open about saying that there are certain things we don't want to see in the collection."
Fortunately, they found Ikea leadership open and respectful, and Paul walked away with the strong impression that they "wanted to do this right" — right down to discussions about acknowledging Indigenous land and incorporating native languages into the product launch.
Setsuné has other irons in the fire as well: in just under a year, they hope to host Toronto's first Indigenous Fashion Week.
Paul said she's pleased with the positive momentum she sees in the incubator.
"I think it's important to be active… There's so much fight-fight-fight all the time but I like that we're taking action."
Last weekend's final days of struggle to pass the health care reform bill starkly showed the ugly reality that is the “tea party.”
From its inception the tea party people have used every dirty trick in the book to try to scare people into opposing heath care reform – from the “death panels” to how “awful” a government-run health care system would be – even though that is not what was proposed and most countries with government-run health care have better health care then we do.
But those lies and distortions could not win the battle for them so they threw in a massive dose of racism, primarily aimed at the president, sexism on the abortion issue, and red-baiting to try to further confuse, divide and panic the people. Media outlets like Fox gave the fullest coverage to these lies day in and day out.
I favored a stronger bill, at least with a public option. But in that atmosphere it is amazing that even the modest final version of the bill passed. Those members of Congress who stood up to the hysteria, racism, red-baiting and threats and voted for the bill are to be commended. In our electoral system it's tough for capitalist politicians to do the right thing when it might mean they will face a well-financed right-wing attack machine this November.
The tea party folks, fearing a big loss was coming, were all over Capitol Hill last Saturday making their final push to defeat health care reform. Just like they did at the town hall meetings last fall, they were in the faces of members of Congress, screaming and cursing.
It was a shocking display of in-your-face racism. Congressman John Lewis, D-Ga., was called the “n” word more than once. So were Reps. Jim Clyburn, D-S.C., and Andre Carson, D-Ind.
Lewis, the African American veteran civil rights leader who was beaten unconscious on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in the 1965 Selma, Alabama, march, said, “I haven't heard anything like this in 45 years.” Clyburn, a fellow member of the Congressional Black Caucus and a veteran of the Southern struggle, called it “absolutely shocking.”
But that's not all. When Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass.,who is gay, was walking through the halls of the Capitol building which were packed with tea party protesters, he was also verbally assaulted, repeatedly called the “f” word. “It's almost like the Salem witch trials,” he said.
Rep. Bobby Scott, D-Va., also black, pointed out the sheer confusion of the protesters. “I have never heard anyone campaign for their freedom to be uninsured. I've never heard anyone campaign against Medicare,” said Scott. “That's what you're dealing with.”
The protesters carried many signs opposing any inclusion of women's reproductive rights in the bill. In fact, bowing to right-wing pressure, the bill retains the reactionary restrictions of the Hyde Amendment which prohibits use of any federal money to pay for abortions.
The stench of fascism is all over the teabaggers.
Not so long ago those bigoted, red-baiting attacks would have won the day. No matter what might think of the bill, the fact that it was passed despite the most extreme right-wing demagogic, bigoted, ideological attack shows that some significant shifts in mass thought patterns in a progressive direction are taking place today and it is affecting the thinking of members of Congress.
As the struggle goes forward to improve health care (single-payer, for one) and the big struggle for jobs is unfolding, it is imperative that there be a stepped up ideological struggle against racism, sexism, homophobia and anti-communism if we are going move things in a progressive direction.
This is not just the lunatic fringe we are dealing with. I don't care how much Michael Steele apologizes for the racists in his party. This isn't just the “tea party”; it is also the GOP.
Newt Gingrich, who is supposed to be a right-wing idealogue and intellectual, showed his true racist essence when he warned the Democrats that if they passed the health care bill, “They will have destroyed their party as much as Lyndon Johnson shattered the Democratic Party for 40 years” by passing civil rights legislation.
If Gingrich thinks that defeating health care reform and eliminating discrimination and segregation are not moral and constitutional imperatives for a democracy but rather something to be left alone because it's politically risky, he is morally and politically bankrupt. Is that what the party that says it's for a “color blind” society is all about? If they win control again, is it back to Jim Crow?
The struggle for health care reform showed a lot. It gave us another indication of what we are up against and fighting for. All democratic forces need to be aware that we face nothing less than an epic battle for the future of our nation, and we dare not fail.
The 26-year-old goalkeeper has taken flak this season, but showed his mettle as he came out the hero for the Bavarians in their penalty shoot-out win against Real Madrid
NEUER DELIVERS
FROM OUR LIVE COMMENTARY PSO NEUER SAVES RONALDO'S PENALTY!! The German keeper does brilliantly to save low down to his right PSO KAKA'S PENALTY IS SAVED!!! Neuer adjusts superbly to stop the Brazilian's firm effort.
PLAYER RATING
7.5 Made a rather nervy start to the game, which would not have been helped by the fact that he was left helpless as the visitors struck twice quickly. Responded well, showing good handling to field a dipping Ronaldo free kick just before the break and turning away a Benzema drive in the second half. Superb in the shoot-out.
And, when two equally-matched teams faced off, that was the difference.
Follow Clark Whitney on And, when two equally-matched teams faced off, that was the difference.
By Clark Whitney | German Football EditorIt all started with a swing and a miss. Manuel Neuer received a back-pass, attempted a clearance, and only the breeze from his passing foot made the ball move at all. He's too inexperienced on the big stage, a goalkeeper for a good, but never an elite club - definitely not in the class of Iker Casillas or Gianluigi Buffon.Yeah, right.After his embarrassing moment, Neuer grew in confidence. Many might have blushed for the rest of the match, but the Germany No. 1 - like the rest of his Bayern Munich team-mates - gained his composure after going 2-0 down to Real Madrid in their Champions League semi-final second leg at the raucous Santiago Bernabeu.Bayern after the quarter-hour appeared destined for defeat, but looked the better side afterwards and deservedly pulled a goal back. The visitors should have won it before extra time, but the score remained 2-1 through 90 minutes, and even 120.Neuer had only a few chances to show himself before the shoot-out, but waited patiently. Then, in a head to head with Casillas, the ex-Schalke shot-stopper came out on top - and emphatically at that.Four efforts came Neuer's way: only one found the net. To begin the shoot-out, Cristiano Ronaldo stepped up to the spot. Buoyed by two goals he scored in the opening minutes, including a penalty, as well as the opportunity to gain an edge in his rivalry with Lionel Messi, the Portuguese arrived with confidence. He struck a good kick towards the lower-left corner. But Neuer pounced to his right, extended his arm, and stole the limelight.Another former World Player of the Year was next up for Real Madrid in the form of Kaka. The Brazilian aimed for the same corner, and again, Neuer made the stop.For the third, Xabi Alonso coolly took his spot-kick, waiting just long enough for Neuer to dive. He scored: an excellent effort from a wise and cool player.But then came the notoriously nervy Sergio Ramos, who - perhaps spooked by Neuer's previous saves - blasted high over the bar, and nearly out of the Bernabeu itself. Bastian Schweinsteiger converted the next kick for Bayern, and the Germans advanced 3-1 on penalties.On the whole, Neuer has had a frustrating first year at Bavaria. He went 1147 minutes without conceding earlier this season, but a blunder or two has prompted hefty criticism. Arguably, youngsters Bernd Leno and Marc-Andre ter Stegen have outperformed him in the Bundesliga.This season, Neuer has had to adjust to playing for an elite team, a job that is quieter than it was at Schalke. In Gelsenkirchen, he was constantly in the spotlight, and always had the chance to showcase his talents. His defence was notoriously poor, and nearly every game he'd have a one on one (or 10) to defend. At Bayern, a busy game might require one or two saves. On aggregate performance, he has been more worldly this season than in the past.At Schalke, he gave some memorable performances in the Champions League. Manchester United fans will remember his heroics at the same stage last season, but arguably the best performance of his career came in 2007, when he single-handedly led his side to an improbable advancement at the expense of Porto.At Bavaria, Neuer hasn't had the same opportunities as before. But finally, on the grand stage of the Champions League semi-final and facing arguably the greatest team in the world, the 26-year-old had his chance, and took it. In a week in which Ronaldo and Messi were tipped for greatness, it was the Bayern goalkeeper who stepped up and made his mark.To simplify Neuer's impact into a couple ofpenalty saves would be a mistake, overlooking critical psychological elements. After seeing two shots saved before, Ramos was clearly worried about producing a saveable shot. Instead, he aimed for a much more difficult location than he otherwise might have, and missed. In effect, Neuer's first two saves might as well have stopped another.More important, however, was the keeper's effect on Bayern as a whole. In previous years, with Thomas Kraft or Hans-Jorg Butt between the posts, the outfielders might have felt they needed a winner before penalties - especially when facing an elite shot-stopper such as Casillas.During extra time, however, Bayern did not lose their composure, they did not overextend themselves looking for a winner. They did not defend too deep, but it appeared that they were eyeing up a shoot-out, a testament to their trust in Neuer. Their trust, as well as that of the Bayern board, was repaid in full on Wednesday night in the Spanish capital as they had a world-class performance from a world-class goalkeeper.
What he did: For the past 30 years, Georgia Tech has produced some of the best talent in the NBA. Names such as Mark Price, John Salley, Dennis Scott, Kenny Anderson, Stephon Marbury and Chris Bosh are easy examples.
But one of the players who are responsible for turning the program into one of the nation's best for many years, only got a cup of coffee in the league. In fact, his NBA run lasted only a few months.
No one was quite sure what to think of Bruce Dalrymple when he arrived on the Flats in the fall of 1985. He had come from a Vermont boarding school via the streets of Harlem. He was only 6-foot-4 with stocky body and chip on his shoulder. But along with the likes of coach Bobby Cremins, teammates Mark Price and John Salley and a few others, they would turn Tech into Atlanta's most exciting team throughout the 1980s.
Dalrymple started playing basketball at the age of 12 and lived in a five-story building at the corner of 119th Street and Manhattan Avenue in Harlem. It was the middle of a war zone, and Dalrymple's parents looked for a way to get him out.
Basketball was the answer, and he started playing for coach Ernie Lorch of the Riverside Church Hawks. Lorch was known for mentoring some of New York's best street talent and helped Dalrymple get a scholarship to St. Johnsbury Academy in Vermont.
There, he said, “I think I was the only black basketball player in Vermont,'' and to help earn his scholarship he woke at six every morning his first semester to wash dishes in the school's cafeteria.
Dalrymple hit the books at St. Johnsbury, and on the court the school had never seen a player like him before. One writer watching him as a collegian described his play as “a defensive demon who roams the court looking for loose balls the way a free safety does in football.''
Dalrymple brought St. Johnsbury its first state championship his junior season, and they finished second when he was a senior. He was recruited by many of the nation's top programs and thought he would either go to Virginia or St. John's. Then came Cremins, who was building something special in Atlanta and had to convince Dalrymple to come south. It was a tedious process, with Dalrymple close to going to Virginia before he signed with Tech.
As a freshman during the 1983-84 season, Dalrymple joined Price in the Tech backcourt, and the magic began. That season, Tech finished 18-11 and earned a trip to the NIT as Dalrymple, while never a great shooter, was named ACC Freshman of the Year, averaging 13.6 points and 6.8 rebounds. He also had 65 assists and 40 steals in 29 games.
Then came his sophomore season and with a lineup of Price and Dalrymple, forwards John Salley and freshman Duane Ferrell and center Yvon Joseph, the Yellow Jackets won the ACC Tournament, knocking off North Carolina three times that season, including the tourney final. He scored 12.9 points per game and totaled 122 assists, led the team with 62 steals and brought down 5.9 rebounds per game.
Tech became the nation's sweetheart as the Jackets rolled into the NCAAs and beat Mercer, Syracuse and Illinois on their way to the East Regional final game against Georgetown. Tech would lose to Patrick Ewing and the Hoyas as Price struggled from the field (3-for-16) that night in Providence, R.I., but Tech basketball had been born.
Before his junior season, Dalrymple and Price graced the cover of Sports Illustrated, and Tech would make it back to the regionals, this time losing to LSU in the semifinals. That season, Dalrymple averaged 10.8 points and five rebounds a game as Price and Salley went to the NBA and he was left to lead the team for the 1986-87 season.
It was a disappointing one for the team as Tech finished 16-13 though made the NCAAs, losing again to LSU, but this time in the first round. Dalrymple finished his career that year with 13.4 points and 5.9 rebounds a game as Ferrell and Tom Hammonds were starting to put their mark on the team, and Craig Neal moved into Price's slot at point guard.
When he left Tech, Dalrymple was the first player in ACC history (and now just one of four) to record over 1,500 points (1,588), 700 rebounds (744), 400 assists (446) and 200 steals (227) in a career. Tech was 88-38 in his four years.
The NBA didn't know what to think about Dalrymple, who always struggled to shoot the ball, but was so talented in every other area. But unlike a Dennis Rodman who had similar skills, Dalrymple didn't have Rodman's size. He was drafted by the Phoenix Suns with the last pick in the second round (46th overall) of the 1987 NBA Draft. He lasted only a few months, went to the CBA Rockford Lighting in Chicago to finish out the year and retired from basketball. He then returned to Tech, joined Cremins as a graduate assistant and finished his degree.
Dalrymple went into the Georgia Tech Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and in 2010 was honored as an ACC Legend, the conference pointing out that at that time he was only one of 19 players in the ACC to ever perform a triple-double.
Where he lives: Dalrymple, now 51, is not married and resides in Lithia Springs. He has four children, all daughters; Ashley, Taylor, McKenzie and Grace. He has two grandchildren, Madison and Chandler.
What he does now: He graduated from Tech with a degree in textile engineering and for more than 20 years has been successfully working in the field of restoration of commercial properties. He also attends every Tech basketball home game.
On his street game in New York: “I was raw talent with no real skills, but could run and jump. My church coach molded me into playing inside, defense and being a rebounder.''
On going to boarding school in Vermont: “My coach had an agreement with them, and it was a chance for me to study at a high level and play. My parents were ordinary people, good people, but this was a good thing.''
On being the only African-American on his high school team: ‘We were a small school that played in the large school division. I was treated well at the school. Now when we went to other schools, it was a little more difficult. I do remember the state championship game we played in. I scored 55 points.''
On first meeting Cremins: “We met at the Five-Star Basketball Camp in the summer. He had started to watch me the winter of my senior year. He had a lot of work to get me, but I began watching Mark and Salley on television and saw they were building something there.''
On coming to Atlanta: “I enjoyed it. While I was at Tech I never missed a summer, so I was always here, always in class. It was so segregated up in Vermont, but not here.''
On his sophomore season: “We knew when we walked out on the court that season we had it … just line up, because we weren't losing. We went into Duke and won and North Carolina and won. We became the first team outside North Carolina to beat them three times in a season. We could have beaten Georgetown, but Mark was off that night. A lot of people don't remember that Ewing was in foul trouble for most of that game, but if Mark had hit a few more shots we win and go to the Final Four.''
On how good that team was: “I know there have been a lot of good teams since, but I really think that team was the best Tech ever had. Mark could shoot from anywhere. I was all over the court. Duane was the slasher. John had the touch, and Yvon was the force inside. It was a great mix.''
On Cremins: “He was like a dad to all of us. I think he spent more time with us than his own son. I was blessed to have that man.''
On Price: “He was quiet, but if you dared him he was the first one to get in your face. We were like a president and vice president of a great corporation.''
On the best player he faced in college: “No doubt Lenny Bias. He was 6-8 and could do anything with the ball. I played against Michael (Jordan) my freshman year, but I faced Lenny a lot. It wasn't fun.''
On his short stint in the NBA: “They had me at point guard. It was the wrong position. I was happy about the opportunity, but it was what it was.''
On what type of pro player had he been if he was a few inches taller: “I try not to think about that, but I would have been a monster.''
On whether Tech basketball can return to their glory years: “I think the problem with Tech is they need to reintroduce themselves to the past. They need to understand the lineage. We were a blue-collar team, and I am not saying the current kids don't play hard, but we played harder. We played a level above that with reckless abandon.''
You will undoubtedly hear that the election is nail bitingly close.
That is a lie. To sustain the illusion of a two party state, large numbers of Democrats are elected as republicans. They reliably vote Democrat whenever it matters. Observe, for example, the “bipartisan” budget passed by the supposedly Republican controlled house.
And what is the issue of the election? Once in a while Republicans point out that Obama is up to his armpits in foreign wars and losing, that the economy has been depressed and is sinking further under Democrat rule, that the streets are unsafe, that the young have no job prospects, that middle class means a hundred thousand dollars in college debt while working at starbucks, that Obamacare turns out to be unaffordable, and so on and so forth. So what are Democrats on about?
They have microtargeted campaigns for low information voters – women, homosexuals, blacks, and hispanics. But if you add up all the microtargets, their one issue is “We hate straight white males.”
To which the Republican reply is “We hate straight white males too. In fact we hate them even more than you do.” And sometimes, not very often, they add “But we also worry about losing wars and the economy sucks.”
Before this election, the anti straight white male party had a majority. After this election, the anti straight white male party will have a bigger majority and more extreme policies.
And similarly for the election after that, and the one after that. You face a government that hates you, and every year it will hate you more. Hence the visibly second class citizenship for whites that we see on the streets, that the recent catcalling video inadvertently highlighted.
Yes, political competition continues, and will continue, but it is competition within the permanent majority party as to hates straight white males even more.
Politicians will use public money to buy votes. They naturally want to buy the cheapest votes, so democracy tends to universal franchise. But they still want cheaper votes, so create an underclass. Then they import an underclass. The final outcome, as in the Ivory Coast, is that the former natives get ethnically cleansed with the help of UN troops.
No good person should vote in an election with universal franchise, as it is a declaration that he is equal to his inferiors. Since, in fact, he is not equal to his inferiors, he must therefore be oppressing them, and will be punished for that oppression. Strangely, he remains unequal. Obviously the punishment was not sufficiently severe.
That is what you have been getting for voting, and will continue to get for voting. You have been punished, you will be punished, and the punishments will grow progressively more severe. When you vote, you affirm that you are equal. Since, in practice, you are not equal, you affirm that you deserve the punishment that you will receive.
Well, we just posted a story about Microsoft potentially delaying the Lumia 650's announcement, and now it appears that Windows 10 Mobile's rollout to current Windows Phone handsets are indeed being delayed as well (as we reported earlier). According to VentureBeat, Microsoft has sent an email to its partners, presumably carriers and possible OEMs working on Windows 10 Mobile devices, confirming the delay.
According to the email, which uses a lot of buzzy language to convey the message “not ready yet,” both the service update and legacy handset upgrade will now occur in early to mid February. Microsoft will not be rushed; the situation currently appears to be quite fluid, and this software is only going to hit devices when it's deemed fully ready.
Firmware updates for the Lumia 950 and 950 XL, typically issued on a monthly basis, are also being delayed. As Venturebeat indicates, however, delays in product launches coinciding with delays in Windows 10 Mobile could mean that most or all Lumia devices will end up on the same, up-to-date build of Microsoft's mobile OS.
These are tumultuous times for Microsoft, likely the culmination of doing so much in such a short period of time. It's looking like 2016 will continue with more of the same, and we'll try out best to keep up.
Share This
Further reading: Lumia 650
The folks at Homeschoolers Anonymous recently got their hands on some old workbook pages used at the Institute of Basic Life Principles. That would be the Christian ministry founded by Bill Gothard, a man who resigned as President a couple of years ago after 34 women accused him of sexual harassment.
In these workbook pages, which are approximately 20 years old but still aligned with the ministry's current teachings, students are presented with a question: “Why did God let a four year old boy be molested by a fifteen year old neighbor?”
Besides the odd phrasing that suggests the four-year-old did something to get molested instead of focusing on the teenager who committed the crime, it's also a really weird way to talk about why God allows bad things to happen…
And the responses on the page were no better, blaming the victim time and time again.
Just look at Reason #3: “To give him a ‘moral vaccination' against future temptations.”
God will severely judge the fifteen year old boy for the evil that he did. However, your son can turn what was meant for evil into good. The vaccinations we receive for various diseases contains a small amount of the actual disease. Our immune system builds up a reaction to it so that if our body is exposed to the disease, it is prepared to fight it off. A similar result can occur in the life of your son if this matter handled in a Scriptural way.
So… it's a good thing the boy got molested because, now that it's happened, he'll be better equipped to fight it off in the future? That is some fucked up reasoning right there. I don't need to get stung by a swarm of bees, either, to know I never want it to happen.
Shade Ardent at Homeschoolers Anonymous adds:
One thing fundamentalism likes to teach is that God allows bad things to happen to us in order to prepare us for the future. It is a twisted way of taking ‘all things work together for good' and applying it to abuse and other very negative things. Gothard is making a very young child responsible to protect themselves from here on out. It is their job to recognize and stay away from further abuse because it happened once. This is viewed as a good thing, a lesson to be learned. A frequent phrase might be ‘What can we learn from this?', as though abuse is only a character lesson, instead of the horrifically wrong action that it is.
The whole worksheet is like this — and that picture is only half of it. You can see the entire thing and read a complete breakdown on the Homeschoolers Anonymous website.
I would take special note of just how despicable Reason #6 is: “To concentrate on God's hatred of sodomy.” As if God allowed a boy to get molested by another boy to teach the younger one a lesson about the evils of homosexuality.
RefugeeBuddy - Android
The RefugeeBuddy helps people to stay visible for their family members and friends, as well as be informed about ongoings in the middle east and Europe.
It is an open source GPS tracker and news aggregator.
The GPS tracker is setup in a way that battery consumption is kept low. It is tried to find a middle way between accuracy and battery lifetime.
The news aggregator is aggregating news from all major and minor news outlets, which have something to do with war news from the middle east, syria, iran, irak, turkey, as well as immigration news from Germany, Austria, Greece, Macedonia, etc.
What does the RefugeeBuddy?
This is an android app which does two things:
it makes it very easy to let friends and family members track a phone and know where you are. it has a dedicated war and refugee news aggregation page to keep refugees informed.
Tracker
Family members and friends are left behind, communication is more than often not very easy. Sometimes weak signals, very low bandwidth or only short availability of signals makes it hard to keep chatting or posting on social networks.
The RefugeeBuddy collects location information and, when a network is available, transfers it to a server, so that friends and family members can see where the person is right now (or was the last time). A link can be shared among friends and family members to keep track of the Phone.
How is that different to all other GPS trackers?
Open Source: This app is open source, in addition to being free of charge. No ads - so far.
Low Battery usage: While other apps try to get the location as accurate as possible, here its more meant for saving some battery life. Block-Level accuracy is more than enough. I let this app run the whole day on my phone without any huge impact on battery life.
No shady things: The source code is openly visible. We don't collect more than necessary. If you feel things should be done in a different way, shoot me an email, make a pull request. I'm happy to change things.
Location Service
Once the link is shared, a browser can be opened and an OpenStreetMap is following the phone automatically.
You can find an example here. The frontend is written in angular and is open source.
Refugee News
The news aggregation is collecting news from all major and minor outlets giving direct access to get a very accurate picture of what is going on right now. It is real-time, automated aggregated news. You can follow news topics or even open in on the computer.
Permissions
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION"/> <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION"/>
While the app does not really use the Fine-Location, I have added the permission in order to get the fine location when its needed. If you publish an app in the playstore and add permissions later on, you will need to manually approve the app again in order to receive updates. To avoid that - and for future use - the permission is already added.
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET" /> <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE" />
Those two permissions are pretty self explanatory. The app needs internet access in order to send updates to the server. The app also needs access to the network state in order to know if there is internet access available.
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED" />
This is a good one. Currently the app does not have a settings page, where a user could choose if he wanted to start the tracking server automatically after turning on the phone. I'm planning to integrate this and It's also already prepared, but not yet ready.
Translations
The app is currently translated to German, properly, from a native speaker. The arabic translation was made with google-translate, I found it should have at least basic arabic translation to let people better understand what is going on. I would be happy if someone could look through it and eventually provide more translations.
iOS
Currently there is no iOS version of this app. I do not have an iPhone, yet, so, no.
Questions
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at any time. You can either do that by mailing me: thomas [at] newscombinator.com, or chatting with me via the chat-plugin on www.newscombinator.com or open an issue.
Screenshots
Unions defer and dilute Bill Shorten's push for fundamental structural reforms in Labor Party
Updated
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten's bold attempts at fundamental structural reform of the Labor Party have been all but voted down by the ALP's Victorian conference.
Mr Shorten has built his leadership on party reforms to give rank-and-file a greater say in election of candidates and leaders.
"We cannot shirk the task of modernising the party, we cannot shirk the task of rebuilding the party, we cannot shirk the task of being a party that genuinely practises what it preaches for the nation of Australia," Mr Shorten said at the state conference on Sunday.
But his proposals, designed to weaken union dominance, were deferred and diluted as union factional opponents who stood to lose power under the proposals banded together to defer and defeat the changes.
Despite being 10 points ahead in Monday's opinion polls as the electorate digests an unpopular federal budget, Victorian unions were in no mood to cut Mr Shorten some slack.
"The paradox with reforming a political organisation is that those who have the power don't want to give it up," former ALP state secretary Nick Reece told ABC's 7.30.
"But in order to achieve the reform, you need the people in power to accept the case for reform. So you end up with a stalemate situation, in which reform is very difficult to achieve.
"Australian political parties have the lowest membership in the world. Collingwood Football Club has more members than the Labor Party, the Liberal Party and the Greens combined."
Labor party must continue to change: Shorten
After a public backlash against unions which has seen a royal commission called, the Labor leader had pushed to weaken their stranglehold on Labor's central selection panel.
Mr Shorten wanted to bolster the weight given to the vote of local branch members in candidate selection from 50 per cent to 70 per cent.
After 48 hours of furious behind-the-scenes negotiations by union and party delegates, the proposal was deferred until after the national ALP conference in March 2015.
"The Labor Party's got to continue to change. That's inevitable. The path of rebuilding can't be done in one day or one weekend," Mr Shorten said when asked by 7.30 whether the deferral represented a loss for him.
Also deferred was a plan to allow branch members a say in electing the state leader.
Party sources told 7.30 that supporters of Victorian Labor leader Daniel Andrews were vigorously lobbying against this being debated so close to the state election in November - an election Mr Andrews has a good shot at winning.
A fight with the party could derail his campaign. But Mr Andrews batted off suggestions that he fought Mr Shorten's proposals on 774 ABC Melbourne on Monday.
"You're telling me what my position is, and I'm putting it to you that it's wrong," Mr Andrews told presenter Jon Faine.
Mr Shorten also downplayed questions from 7.30 about tensions between the pair over reforms.
"What matters to Daniel Andrews is the best interests of Victoria. What matters to me is the best interests of Victoria and indeed the nation," Mr Shorten said, adding that the days of Labor disunity were "behind us".
Union leader mocks claims of reform blocks
A third proposal to combat union power - allowing people to join the ALP online - was also diluted and capped at just 20 members per branch per month, angering delegates who were passionately pushing for reforms.
"There are some people in our party who stand to lose from a bigger and more open party," Monash mayor and pro-reform delegate Geoff Lake told 7.30.
"The entrenched branch-stacking interest within some parts of our party is the interest that will be watered down if more normal Australians become members of the Labor Party."
Australian political parties have the lowest membership in the world. Collingwood Football Club has more members than the Labor Party, the Liberal Party and the Greens combined. Nick Reece
The powerful, right-wing Shop, Distributive and Allied (SDA) Employees Association, known as the "shoppies" union, aligned with left unions like the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union (CFMEU).
SDA state secretary Michael Donovan mocked claims his and other unions were blocking reform.
"The ALP is so good at shooting itself in the foot. Whenever we do something good, somebody runs out into the media and tells everyone how bad we are," he said at the conference.
"So everyone voting for us knows we're really, really bad. Well, we're not bad."
But former foreign minister and NSW premier Bob Carr says the problems with the ALP will not be fixed by Mr Shorten's attempts at party reform. He believes it is about leadership - or lack of it.
"I tell you what, a bottom drawer full of killer arguments directed at your opposition counts a whole lot more than endless tinkering with the party structure," he said.
"The next phase has got to be reaching out to the public and - like a Wran, like a Whitlam, like a Keating - winning debates, with sizzling one-liners, mobilising the killer facts, to win the policy arguments."
Topics: alp, political-parties, government-and-politics, federal-parliament, australia, vic
First posted
Image caption There are still questions about whether the video was released by Islamic State
US President Barack Obama has telephoned Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to offer his condolences after the apparent murder of a Japanese hostage by Islamic State.
Mr Obama said the US stood "shoulder to shoulder" with Japan.
Mr Abe said he accepted that a video claiming Haruna Yukawa had been killed by IS was likely to be authentic.
The prime minister has demanded the release of a second Japanese hostage in the video, said to be Kenji Goto.
On Tuesday, Islamic State (IS) had said it would kill the two men unless Japan paid $200m (£130m) within 72 hours.
'Petrified'
The White House said Mr Obama had called Mr Abe to "offer condolences for the murder by IS of Japanese citizen Haruna Yukawa and to convey solidarity with the Japanese people".
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Abe demanded the immediate release of the second hostage
It added: "He also expressed appreciation for Japan's significant contributions of humanitarian assistance to the Middle East region. The two leaders agreed to continue their cooperation on a range of regional and global issues."
Mr Abe condemned the apparent killing, telling Japanese television: "Such an act of terrorism is outrageous and unforgivable. I condemn it strongly and resolutely."
Analysis: Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, BBC News, Tokyo
There is horror and sadness in Japan that Islamic State has carried out its threat to kill one of the two Japanese hostages it is holding, but not really surprise. Public sympathy for the plight of Haruna Yukawa has also been muted.
It is notable that in his first interview following the announcement of his son's death, Mr Yukawa's father apologised for the "inconvenience" his son's capture had caused for Japan. He also declined to show his face on camera. On Friday, the mother of Kenji Goto made a similar apology for her son.
Of course, most Japanese people feel horror at the death of Mr Yukawa and sympathy for the terrifying situation Mr Goto is now in. But there is also irritation that Mr Yukawa, and to a lesser extent Mr Goto, have dragged Japan in to this almost impossible situation.
In previous cases where Japanese hostages have been released from captivity, they have faced considerable hostility on returning home. An example is a group of Japanese peace activists who were kidnapped in Iraq in 2004. After their release and return to Japan, people jeered them at the airport, and they were forced to go in to hiding for several months.
He demanded the immediate release of the second hostage, freelance journalist Kenji Goto.
Mr Yukawa's father, Shoichi, has spoken of his feelings after he learnt the news of the video.
"I thought, 'Ah, this finally happened' and was filled with regret. I went totally blank, I was only sorry... I had no words. In my mind I wish very much that this wasn't true."
He added: "If I am ever reunited with him, I just want to give him a big hug."
The video shows Mr Goto holding a picture of what appears to be the body of Mr Yukawa.
A voice on the video issues a new demand for the release of Sajida al-Rishawi, an Iraqi woman sentenced to death in Jordan over deadly bombings in Amman in 2005.
Mr Goto's mother, Junko Ishido, said on Sunday: "I'm petrified. He has children. I'm praying he will return soon, and that's all I want.
"Japan never abandons its people. I believe the government is united and doing its best."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kenji Goto is a well-known freelance journalist and film-maker
Some uncertainty does remain over whether the video released on Saturday actually comes from Islamic State.
Unlike similar previous videos, the latest recording does not carry the logo of any IS media arms, and consists of an audio message with a still image. Other official videos have shown moving footage.
Mr Yukawa, 42, was seized by militants in Syria in August. He had told friends and family that he wanted to eventually provide security to Japanese companies in conflict areas.
Mr Goto, 47, is a well-known freelance journalist and documentary film-maker who went to Syria in October, reportedly to try to get Mr Yukawa released.
In a video released on Tuesday, a masked man was shown standing over kneeling hostages named as Mr Yukawa and Mr Goto and demanding the ransom.
The ransom sum was the same amount as that pledged by Mr Abe for non-military aid for countries fighting IS.
Who are Islamic State (IS)?
In the marshes of Staten Island, NY, behind the "No Trespassing" signs, you can find the final resting place of over thirty vessels, known as the Arthur Kill ship graveyard. Initially the shipyard was meant for World War II vessels that would be acquired and stripped for parts. However, workers couldn't keep up at the rate that these boats were coming in at, and many began to sit and decay.
Once the public found out about this secret graveyard, they began to dump their own boats there as well. After that, there was no way to keep up. The marshes became what they are now, a shallow watery grave.
In an attempt to get a better look at the Arthur Kill shipyard, George Ivanoff, a professional camera operator, took his drone out to Staten Island and captured some pretty incredible views. May they all rest in peace.
Source: George Ivanoff via Popular Science
Japanese sea catfish have an unusual advantage when hunting in pitch-dark waters, a new study reports: Their whiskers can detect minute changes in the water's acidity.
John T. Caprio, a physiologist at Louisiana State University, was studying how chemical stimuli were encoded by a catfish's taste system when he noticed a strong reaction from the whiskers. Further study revealed that previously undetected sensors on the whiskers were responding not to the chemical itself, but rather to the effect it was having on the water.
“It was changing the pH of the water,” he said, “and not by much.”
The researchers then placed the catfish in aquariums with hidden polychaete worms, their preferred prey. The worms release tiny amounts of carbon dioxide and hydrogen when they breathe, raising the water's acidity (and thereby lowering its pH). Even in the dark, the catfish were drawn to the area with the worms. The researchers, who published their work in the journal Science, also observed that the fish located the decreased pH areas even when no worms were present.
“This fish is a swimming pH meter, and its accuracy was as good as pH meters I was using in the lab,” Dr. Caprio said. “If you drop the pH less than one-tenth of a pH unit,” he added, the fish's sensors “start firing like machine guns.”
Satirical suggestion of banning cookers after Boston bombs becomes reality
Steve Watson
Infowars.com
May 15, 2013
In the aftermath of the Boston bombings, where pressure cookers were used to house explosives, many satirically suggested that the government would immediately react by banning the household devices. Now it seems that may actually be happening.
Two different reports in the last week have suggested that the TSA has confiscated pressure cookers from people traveling through airports.
One of the incidents occurred at Hilo airport and involved a passenger traveling from Hilo to Honolulu on a Hawaiian Airlines flight. TSA screeners called the FBI after discovering what “appeared to be a modified pressure cooker”.
The FBI said that the passenger was detained for questioning, and that items in his luggage were seized. Although initial reports suggested that bomb making literature and batteries were also found, this has not been corroborated. Indeed, the FBI stated that the man did not have any dangerous materials, was not arrested, and that he was released.
“The FBI does not believe that this incident poses any imminent threat to civil aviation based on our limited investigation thus far,” a written statement said.
In another incident on Saturday, reported by the Detroit Free Press, a Saudi man was arrested at Detroit Metropolitan Airport while traveling with a pressure cooker. Customs officials reportedly found the cooker in the man's luggage after noticing that he had a page missing from his passport, which he could not explain.
Reports suggested that documents filed in court claimed that the man lied about the reason for having the pressure cooker, first saying that he believed they were not sold in America, then claiming that his nephew, a student in Ohio whom he was visiting, had bought one, but it had broken.
After officials investigated, they found that the man's nephew does use a pressure cooker, and that he wanted to cook lamb, but was not happy with cookers he had bought in the U.S.
The FBI declined to comment on whether or not pressure cookers are now among the items prohibited by from air travel. They are not listed on the TSA's website as being prohibited.
The panic surrounding pressure cookers was not just confined to airports. Last week, another Saudi student in Michigan told reporters that his home was surrounded by FBI agents after neighbours reported seeing him carrying around a pressure cooker.
Following questioning by the agents, it turned out that the man was cooking rice and taking it to a friend's home. An FBI agent reportedly told the man that “You need to be more careful moving around with such things.”
Yeah, cooked rice can be deadly.
All these incidents highlight the rampant fear that is being instilled in Americans to the point where they will literally call the FBI if they see a brown person doing something they find suspicious.
It also highlights the fact that security theater does note to actually keep anyone safe, but it does instill paranoia and panic.
Check out the video below of a student posing as an activist attempting to gain signatures for a petition to ban pressure cookers in order to keep everyone safe. She tells other students that pressure cookers, “were actually used in the Boston bombing, so we're just trying to limit who can get them,” adding that her organization is, “just trying to keep people safe by reducing the number of them.”
It would be hilarious, but when so many people unquestioningly sign their name it simply becomes frightening.
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.com, and Prisonplanet.com. He has a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham, and a Bachelor Of Arts Degree in Literature and Creative Writing from Nottingham Trent University.
blog Ruslan Kogan only started selling brands other than his own through his web site — including Apple and Samsung — several weeks ago, but it appears the maverick Melbourne-based entrepreneur has already attracted Apple's ire.
The Sydney Morning Herald reports today that Kogan has been caught up in the ongoing Australian lawsuit between Apple and Samsung over the Korean electronics giant's supposed iPad look-alike, the Galaxy Tab 10.1. The website of the newspaper reports:
“Apple Australia's law firm, Freehills, sent Kogan a letter, seen by Fairfax Media, accusing it of infringing Apple's iPad patents in Australia, and of misleading and deceptive conduct, by selling the Galaxy Tab 10.1. Freehills said the Samsung model was substantially similar “to the ‘get up' and packaging of the iPad”.”
Seems a bit weird that Apple's pinning Kogan for selling Samsung gear — but not its own iPad — but then we wouldn't be surprised at anything that happens in this crazy ongoing patent war at the moment. We can only hope the pair sort their stuff out before the iPhone 5 launches in Australia. If launch day comes and goes with no new Apple hotness, we're betting there's going to be rioting in the streets.
Image credit: Kogan Technologies
I personally have the greatest Deadpool story never told just rattling around in my brain. It's been there for a few years. I'm not alone. Since we were kids we've all have ideas or have reimagined the lives and stories of our favorite characters. But how many people actually get the opportunity to take over something they love? Dave Taylor has trod a unique career path in comics. He is also a big Nowhere Men fan and is taking over artistic duties on the second arc of the story. Dave was kind enough to share some of his experiences, offer some advice and generally gush over being a creative cog on such a large and unique story.
PATRICK SELF: Nowhere Men is shaping up to be a very exciting series, how did you get hooked up with the project?
DAVE TAYLOR: Eric and I met at a Thought Bubble comic con (Leeds, UK) a while back. We had a brief chat during which I think we both decided to work together at some point. I'd heard a lot about him, had been aware of him for a long time, and meeting him confirmed he was one of the good guys. Him offering me Nowhere Men wasn't the surprise you might imagine. I'd read the book and loved it, so was aware there'd been a problem with its creation.
PS: Had you read the previous story arc? Impressions if so or first impressions of the first arc; what stood out to you?
DT: Nowhere Men was the only book I was buying regularly at the time it was published. I loved it! I'm very hard to please when it comes to comic books, but this book ticked all my boxes. Firstly, the art really appealed to me. Nate's sense of design, his beautifully balanced and detailed clean line and his understanding of storytelling caught my eye. Eric's story and the world in which it exists was unique, another high point and all too rare. Then there was Jordie's colouring and Fonografix design elements that convinced me it was a special book.
PS: Being the new comer to an existing creative team can be difficult, were there any creature hurdles in the process of getting folded in?
DT: Not in the slightest. The whole team are so easy and pleasant to work with. There's a real sense of a close team, a positive creative force! They've made me feel very comfortable. We're all working towards a goal we all believe in.
PS: What was the biggest challenge in taking over such a distinctive looking project like Nowhere Men from another artist?
DT: Keeping it looking classy! As I say, I was a fan of Nate's work. I struggled at first to find a way of moulding my style into something that suited the book. I did numerous sketches, finding my way a little before I began drawing pages. As soon as Eric told me he wanted my vision and not to try to mimic Nate I began to find my voice.
Every book I work on I like to adapt my style, my approach, to best fit the story. After I'd finished a few pages of Nowhere Men I realised what that style was!
PS: Did you do or try anything specific to put your fingerprints on this arc (other than drawing it yourself, of course) to make it stand alone from the previous arc?
DT: I want there to be as little of a shock of the new as possible. I'm not mimicking Nate, I'm doing it my way, but I'm drawing it in my Nowhere Men style out of respect for the fans, of which I am one.
PS: What most excited you about working on Nowhere Men?
DT: Finding out what happens next! Seriously, as a genuine fan of the original series, it's so cool to read Eric's scripts as they come in. And I find myself openly smiling as I read, thinking how much fun it's going to be to draw. This comes at a crucial time in my career, a time when I felt the need for a bigger and more difficult challenge. Nowhere Men is forcing me to draw in a way I've not done for many years, a more controlled, more accurate approach. It's been really good for me as a developing artist.
PS: How was working with Eric Stephenson?
DT: It's been hell. He's a total nightmare. I'll be lucky to live to see the end of this.
On the other hand, more seriously, he's a joy to work with. It's so nice to get to work with folk you actually admire. I think really good writers are hard to find, and it's a huge pleasure to work with one I was already a fan of.
PS: If you could pluck the knowledge of any scientific discipline off a tree and be a foremost expert, what would it be and why?
DT: Anti-gravity. I've always been fascinated by flying saucers, landspeeders and such things, and am still disappointed that the promise of flying cars, made back in the 70's, never happened. Surely there should be flying cars in this, the 21st Century!
PS: What do you suppose that kind of tree would look like?
DT: Naturally, it would be defying gravity, and it's fruit more complex to collect.
PS: You've been able to stay off monthlies for some time, what did working inside that demanding environment teach you as a professional artist?
DT: Simply put, it makes you a professional. You have to be aware of the creative process out of respect for your fellow creative team. You've got maybe an inker, a colourist, a letterer all waiting to do their job after you've done your thing. If you're late it makes them late, then the house of cards comes down. I learned this on my first ever monthly, namely Zorro for Marvel. It took me so long to do my first issue, penciling and inking, they had to give me an inker to speed me up, which was a huge kick in the pants. I've been very conscious of deadlines ever since.
PS: Given your personal journey in professional comics, and besides the obvious need of talent and work ethic, what advice would you give aspiring artists looking to make comics a full time gig?
DT: I learned a lot from two of this industries best...Alex Toth and Jean Moebius Giraud, the latter in person to some degree. Toth taught me one of the most important rules regarding drawing a page, and that is to draw what's absolutely necessary to tell the story and spend what time you have making what you have as good as possible. The most important advice Moebius ever gave me was to study the classics. I immediately signed up (again) for art school and began to obsessively collect books on classical art. My personal advice, something I've learned over the years, is that you need to be totally dedicated to and fascinated by the medium before you can get anywhere. It helps too to realise how hard it is but how lucky you are to be doing such work.
***
A victory for the Bharatiya Janata Party in next month's general elections is seen powering the rupee to highs last reached in 2008.Polls show the BJP, which has projected Narendra Modi as its prime ministerial candidate, is poised to oust the incumbent Congress party, a result that would be a “catalyst” for a long-term advance in the rupee toward 40 to 45 per dollar, from 61.19 on March 14, according to Adam Gilmour , Citigroup's head of Asia-Pacific currency and derivatives sales. A weak coalition would be the “worst-case” outcome, he said, and might send the currency sliding beyond August's record low of 68.83.“The market view is that if Modi gets in, it will be a game-changer,” Gilmour said in an interview. “We always take politics with a pinch of salt, with the rare exceptions like India, where it's going to really make a difference.”The rupee lost about 28% of its value from the end of 2010 through last year, making it the worst performer among 12 Asian currencies tracked by Bloomberg.The declines reversed when India raised import tariffs on gold, helping narrow the shortfall in the broadest measure of trade to a four-year low, and RBI governor Raghuram Rajan increased interest rates to curb Asia's fastest inflation. The rupee has rebounded about 13% from its August 28, 2013 record, and remained little changed even during the rout in emerging-market assets earlier this year.A jump in the rupee to as high as 40 per dollar would represent a 35% rally in India's currency from the end of last week, and send it to the strongest level since April 2008. Gilmour's prediction, for which he didn't give a timeframe, is 5 rupees higher than the most bullish forecaster in a Bloomberg survey of more than 30 strategists, whose median estimate foresees the currency at 63 on December 31 and at 58.50 by the end of 2016. bloomberg
Please put all your votes for Me towards Ice!
First of all, I want to give the biggest thank you for everyone that has voted for me for the Summit.
I'm extremely happy that people are finally starting to recognize me and are genuinely interested in seeing me at this event, and I still really want to go without a doubt.
But looking at the actual votes, I doubt I will actually get enough in the short span of time to get in, and splitting votes will likely get neither Me nor Ice in and I really want to see more EU representation at this
I would much rather 1 than none pf us get in since I am near 1,500 votes behind 6th place and Ice is only like 300 votes.
So if you were planning on voting me, PLEASE for put all of your votes towards Ice!
Let him do his thing this year and put on a great performance for EU!
If they do Summit again next year, I promise I will have better results and pretty much a better everything to make sure I get in without a doubt.
Once again, thanks for all the votes and I definitely haven't taken them for granted and I love you guys.
Reply · Report Post
Spain: Sacked Delphi workers confront trade unions
By Vicky Short
29 March 2013
A video has appeared on YouTube showing angry clashes between scores of workers who were sacked by the bankrupt motorcar parts supplier Delphi in 2007 and the trade unions that were supposed to represent them.
The incidents took place on February 28 of this year in Cadiz where the Socialist Party (PSOE)-Communist Party-led United Left (Izquierda Unida, IU) coalition regional government or Junta (an institution of government of the autonomous communities of Spain), called a demonstration to mark the 33rd anniversary of the day the region of Andalucia voted to become an autonomous region. It was supported by the main Spanish trade unions, Workers Commissions (CCOO) and General Workers Union (UGT).
The main banner read “For Andalucia. Rights, Employment and Dignity.” The declared aim of the march was to celebrate the region's autonomous statute and demand the central government abandon its austerity measures, deflecting attention away from the drastic cuts the PSOE-IU Andalucian government has imposed since it came to power last year.
Ex-Delphi workers marching in Cadiz
The workers, who call themselves ex-Delphi and who have been fighting for jobs in the six years since they were sacked, demanded the right to head the demonstration. The unions, the PSOE and IU refused, and clashes took place. The riot police were called to separate the sacked workers from the official march and protect it all along the route.
The ex-Delphi workers were corralled into adjacent streets where they kept up their chanting and rebukes. These included, “PSOE—PP [the ruling right-wing party] it's all the same shit! And United Left? Them too! And the trade unions? Them too!”, “Trade unions: Traitors!”, “CC OO: Traitors”, “More work and fewer crooks”, “We don't have enough bread for so many chorizos [crooks]”. Then they lined the road on either side of the official march and continued shouting, “You are all rubbish”, “Shame on you”, “You are all bought off”.
Delphi was spun off from General Motors in 1999 but remained the automaker's biggest parts supplier. It also sold many of its components to Ford and Mercedes-Benz. Altogether, it supplied more than 180 factories worldwide, of which 59 were based in the European Union.
But in 2007, Delphi went bankrupt and closed its door-manufacturing factory in Puerto Real, Cadiz, shedding 1,600 direct jobs and more than 2,500 indirect jobs. This was in breach of an agreement the company had made to keep the factory open at least until 2010 and after it had received more than €25 million in subsidies.
The dismissed workers received compensation, and the regional government promised to retrain them. However, six years after the closure, about 600 still have not been able to find a job. In October 2012, the Junta ended its package of subsidies and training agreed at the closure, and since then, the workers have been classified as unemployed and now live on a pittance.
Union leaders attempted to use the fact that Chinese multinational Beijing West Industries (BWI) bought most of the machinery at Puerto Real and reported that it was interested in starting up business on the Cadiz site to deflect the anger of the workers.
Discussions were held between BWI, the Andalucian Junta and the trade unions last year. They were all counting on the remaining unemployed ex-Delphi workers being so desperate they would accept the derisory conditions agreed by the unions—a salary of €14,000 (US$19,000) for working 1,890 hours. One UGT representative showed the depths to which the unions had plunged with the statement, “Anything below that is playing with destitution”.
During the negotiations, it was revealed that the Junta was prepared to buy the site for €10 million and give it away to BWI.
Despite all these concessions, the regional government stated in January 2013 that it believed the negotiations with BWI had come to an end. The main problem for the company was that the average €1,000-a-month labour costs being offered by the Junta and unions was still three times the €350 that it has to pay in other countries.
In response, the trade unions staged a token protest. A leader from each of the four trade unions representing the ex-Delphi workers locked themselves in the headquarters of the Junta for a few hours. Eventually, they left voluntarily, declaring they did it for their families. They said they feared that if they had resisted, they would have spent a night in the police station, and in one year, there would be a trial “with all that that would represent”!
Another video http://www.lavozdigital.es/cadiz/v/20130129/cadiz/desalojan-cuatro-exdelphi-delegacion-20130129.html shows the hostility of the ex-Delphi workers when one of the trade union leaders, an IU member, tries to justify their action and asks for forgiveness if that is what the workers had expected. The speeches were drowned by denunciations including “Son of a bitch, Go home,” “War” and “You are wearing a policeman's clothes”.
Every promise and assurance given to the ex-Delphi workers over the six years since the closure of Delphi has been broken. This is under conditions in which unemployment in the province of Cadiz has reached nearly 41 percent, well above the already high national level of 26 percent. Amongst the youth it is 62.5 percent, 7 percent higher than the national average.
At the same time, the unions' leaders have retained their jobs, fat salaries, government subventions, and big subsistence payments for their side jobs as assessors to companies, and even collect a percentage for every job lost through the administrative “workforce adjustment” schemes (EREs).
The Orioles have whiffed on their second round pick of the 2015 draft. With the signing deadline for picks approaching later on Friday, MLB.com's prospect specialist Jim Callis reported that the O's will not be reaching an agreement with #68 overall pick Jonathan Hughes, a right-handed pitcher from a Georgia high school. Hughes will be instead honoring his commitment to attend Georgia Tech.
That's the highest pick that the team has failed to sign since the current draft slotting system was unveiled in 2012. Their previous highest unsigned pick was 2012 fifth rounder Colin Poche. One bit of silver lining to come out of the non-signing is that the Orioles will receive the #69 overall pick next year as compensation for failing to sign Hughes.
Since they won't sign Hughes, they will lose the $907,000 slot value for that pick from their draft budget. Fortunately for the Orioles, there shouldn't be any reverberations towards future years because they have kept all of their other signings within a budget that they won't be exceeding even without the slot money from the Hughes pick.
The Orioles have already signed all of their other top 10 round picks and in fact they've signed nearly all of their draft picks from all 40 rounds.
What makes this non-signing a disappointing outcome is that Hughes, at least based on how the rest of the industry saw him, seemed to be something of a reach to begin with. He was ranked #137 on Fangraphs' draft prospect list, did not appear in the Top 125 on Baseball Prospectus, #188 on MLB.com's top 200, and #255 on Baseball America's top 500. It's a pretty good bet that the Orioles wish they would have picked a different player.
Maybe they always should have picked a different player. This was from MLB.com's scouting capsule on Hughes, a 6'2" righty:
Hughes will show a 94-96 mph fastball early in games before settling in at 89-93 mph with some cut and sink. His low-80s slider is his No. 2 option and features good tilt at times. His upper-70s curveball is effective when he stays on top of it, and he also exhibits some feel for a changeup with fading action. A Georgia Tech recruit, Hughes has the athleticism to deliver strikes but little projection remaining in his 6-foot-1 frame. Scouts aren't fond of his high-three-quarters delivery and long arm action, which gives hitters a good look at his pitches.
I don't know why he's listed at 6'2" but this says 6'1". Anyway, you can see why he is something of a question mark... and the Orioles at that point in time could have had their pick of top 100 talent in the draft, but they reached to pluck Hughes and ended up doing nothing with that pick.
Why didn't it work out? People seldom tell why. It could be that the two sides had a wink-and-nudge pre-draft agreement at a certain dollar figure and either the player's side or the team's side then turned around and decided not to honor that agreement because they wanted it to be for a different amount of money instead. Perhaps the Orioles did a poor job of judging Hughes' firmness of his college commitment when they made the selection. If so, that's a big misfire.
It could be a lot of things and in the end it doesn't really matter which one it is. The Orioles completely missed on a top 100 pick and that's a tough thing to do when they already have a farm system that is not stacked. As fans, all we can do is hope they do better with next year's high draft picks.
You might like me when I'm angry. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
Marcin Gortat didn't sleep comfortably, or much at all, after the Wizards returned from Toronto early Saturday morning. Unnerved by some uneven play in his previous two games and a frustrating 96-88 loss to the Raptors that he put on his shoulders, Gortat was rummaging for solutions for his offensive woes and upset that he wasn't giving his team more.
“I definitely had anger after last game,” said Gortat, whose towel-ripping display in the second half of that loss captured his agitation.
Gortat later spoke to Nene about positioning himself closer to the basket to get easier looks in the post and then watched to film to find out what he could do differently. But Gortat didn't immediately find his rhythm as he missed his first three shots against the New York Knicks and started to wonder again what was going on.
“This time, I didn't get frustrated,” Gortat said. “You've got to continue to play.”
John Wall helped Gortat get going when he spotted the 6-foot-11 big man running the floor on the break, paused to make the defense stop and flipped a no-look pass that Gortat finished with a dunk. Gortat would miss only one more shot the rest of the night and finish with 16 points but that first basket energized him on more than just on the offensive end. For the rest of the game, Gortat controlled the glass as he grabbed a season-high 17 rebounds –coming within one rebound of his career high – and also protected the rim as he added two blocked shots.
“There were a few different small things in the game that got me going,” Gortat said. “Offensive rebounds, the dunk. Just good defensive possessions and there were a few different things that helped me get my rhythm. John helped me to get some open looks on the pick and roll, I'm grateful to be playing with him.”
Martell Webster said Gortat “single-handedly set the tone” in the third quarter, when he scored eight points and grabbed nine rebounds during a critical 23-11 run that helped the Wizards grab control of the game and turn a three-point deficit into a 72-63 lead. Gortat had four offensive rebounds during the run, including one sequence when he grabbed a Beal missed jumper, backed down Amare Stoudemire and buried a stepback fadeaway over him.
“He was the difference maker in the third quarter,” Coach Randy Wittman said of Gortat. “He came out and really changed the physicality of the game and I told our bigs…Nene and him, and [Trevor] Booker and Jan [Vesely] and [Kevin] Seraphin, they have to play with physical contact. They have to hit people. They have to stand people up. When we just play out there passive, it takes their aggression away.”
Gortat shot 7 for 11 from the field against the Knicks after going a combined 6 of 17 for 14 points against Cleveland and Toronto. The Knicks would often place their most physical defender, Kenyon Martin, on Nene and leave Gortat to work against Andrea Bargnani and Stoudemire. Gortat said Nene's presence created more scoring opportunities for him.
“We all know Nene is going to go at everybody,” Gortat said. “It doesn't if it's an elephant or a little puppy. It's fun to play. For some reason, they are putting the bigger guy on Nene, so I'm going to get a little puppy on me and I'm going to get rebounds and easy points.”
Still acclimating himself to a new scheme and new team after arriving just before the season opener in a trade with Phoenix, Gortat is almost averaging a double-double with 12.2 points and 9.8 rebounds, which ties him with Carmelo Anthony for 13th in the league. He has recorded six double-doubles.
Before completing the deal for Gortat, the Wizards spoke with a handful of teams in an attempt to acquire a center because of the uncertainty surrounding Emeka Okafor's neck injury. According to multiple people with knowledge of the situation, the Wizards contacted the Houston Rockets about disgruntled big man Omer Asik.
The conversation didn't get very far, according to a source, because of the Rockets' insistence on an unprotected first-round pick in the 2014 draft. At the time of the talks, Houston was still interested in seeing how the union between Asik and Dwight Howard would work out.
The Wizards were also apprehensive about the $15 million balloon payment that Asik is set to receive next season, according to the same source. Washington was finally able to make the deal with Phoenix when the Suns decided to accept a top-12 protected pick next summer.
“I think Marc has been good for us,” Wittman said. “He's come in and given us good size. He's the last line of defense at the rim, rebounding, he can score and I've been very pleased with what Marc has done for us.”
A few fans at Verizon Center showed their appreciation for Gortat's contributions against the Knicks by chanting, “MVP,” when he shot free throws in the fourth quarter.
“I heard only Shaqtin' a Fool,” Gortat said with a laugh, when asked about the recognition from the fans.
Gortat and Beal both made the TNT blooper highlight segment last Thursday. Gortat received dishonors for a failed attempt at Hakeem Olajuwon's dream shake against Tim Duncan in San Antonio. He can laugh at himself, but he wants the Wizards (5-8) to start experiencing a few more wins.
“For a few different reasons, we started like that,” Gortat said. “I'm the new guy on the team, trying to find the comfort zone in this team. Trevor [Ariza] and Al [Harrington] is out right now and John is banged up, we just got to play through it and we kind of play through it. Each game, we are there, we just miss a few games to get over the hump and get a win. We got to come ready to play.”
NAME AND ADDRESS] Ter"s:
"&
0n 1345 06 L375' 3G'55M549, G2 and yo* entered into yo*r G2 4eam Memer 3greement +.
A#ree"e$t
/-&
2&
G2 has agreed to yo*r player transfer to 6a;e Clan +another eSports cl*- *nder a separate transfer agreement +.
Tra$s%er
/-&
%&
7o* are therefore released as a G2 team memer, s*<ect to 6a;e=s compliance with the 4ransfer 3 the following: a& Conti n*ing t erms & 7 o* m* st co mply w ith any r emain ing ong oing pa rts o f the 3greement +for e>ample, regarding to ret*rn of any G2 property which we re?*est ac@-& & o oth er olig ation s owe d y G2& 7 o* re lease G 2 from all oli gation s and liailities *nder the 3greement) for the aAoidance of do*t, this means that G2 will not e responsile or liale to yo* for any rem*neration, enefits or rights to which may haAe een d*e if yo* had contin*ed as a G2 team memer& c& 4 e am 'e hir e& Bf G2 n oti fies yo* i n wr iti ng tha t 6a; e has  rea che d its tra nsf er agr eem ent wit h Gam ers 2 +fo r e>a mpl e, y fai lin g to pay an g r e e d t r a n s f e r f e e - , t h e n y o * a g r e e t h a t y o * r p l a y e r agreementrelationship with 6a;e will terminate immediately and G2 may +*t is not oliged to- rehire yo* as a G2 team memer on the same terms set o*t in the 3gree ment +*nless m*t*ally agreed otherwise- & Bf so, oth G2 and yo* will ta@e all necessary steps, incl*ding the e>ec*tion of additional doc*ments, to ens*re yo*r rehiring as a G2 team memer& d& Leg al& +i- G2 ma @es no wa rra nti es or repr ese nta tio ns and acc ept s no liail ity regardi ng the 4rans fer& +ii - 7 o* releas e and waiA e any claim which yo* may haAe now or in the f*t*re and whether @nown or *n@nown against G2 at any time in relation to the 3greement, the 4ransfer or other matters etween the parties& +c- 4he total liaility of G2 to yo* whether in contract, tort +incl*ding negligence- or otherwise will in no circ*mstances e>ceed the amo*nt of the fees act*ally paid y G2 to yo*& Bn no eAent will G2 e liale for any loss of earnings, profits, charges or e>penses, loss of * si ne ss op po rt *n it y , re p* ta ti on al lo ss or ha rm , or an y sp ec ia l, e>e mpl ary , ind ire ct, con se? *en tia l or p*n iti Ae los s or dam age or disr*ption of any @ind at any time& +d- 7o* agree on demand to indemnify and hold harmless G2 +and @eep it indemnified and held harmless- from and against any and all damages, claims, s*its, actions , <*dgm ents, settlements, contri*tions, fines, penalties, costs, incl*ding legal fees and costs, arising o*t of or connected to the 4ransfer or 3 greement&
!&
Gen era l& +i- 5ac h par ty wil l @ee p thi s tra ns fer for m, the 3gre em ent and any confidential information of the other party confidential and sec*re and will not di sc lo se or co mm *n ic at e it to an y th ir d pa rt y , e> ce pt it s pr of es si on al representatiAes or adAiser s or as re?*ired y law & +ii- 4his transfer for m does not create any e>cl*siAe relationship etween the parties nor any partnership, <oint Aent*re, employment or agency etween them& +iii- o fail*re or delay y a party to e>ercise any right *nder this transfer form or the 3greement or at law will e a waiAer of that right& +iA- 3ny Aariation of this transfer form m*st e in writing and sig ned y the par tie s& +A- o ass ign men t, s* $co ntr act ing or tra nsf er of thi s
A woman from Sarasota, Florida was found guilty of having murdered her autistic stepdaughter on a homemade torture device.
In August of 2012, Melissa Stoddard moved from the North Carolina home of her biological mother for her own protection — she claimed her brother had touched her inappropriately — and into the Florida home of her biological father, Kenneth Stoddard.
He and his wife, Misty, attempted to care for Melissa, but claimed that the autistic child could not be controlled. At some point between her arrival in August and her death in December, it became common practice to tie Melissa to a makeshift device used by Kenneth and Misty in sexual bondage fantasies.
According to her son at trial, once she tied her stepdaughter to the board, Misty would stuff a sock in Melissa's mouth and wrap duct tape around her head.
On the witness stand, Misty argued that she restrained her stepdaughter for “her own protection,” as well as that of the other children in the house, and that she only restrained Melissa in this manner twice.
Prosecutors claimed that Misty's story was inconsistent with the injuries found on her body at the time of her death. A poorly healed black scab on her lower back was likely the result of her attempting to break free of the board on multiple occasions, and the scarring on her lips was consistent with having been frequently gagged.
Prosecutor Suzanne O'Donnell acknowledged in closing statements that “parenting is hard, and parenting an autistic child is harder — but parents do it every day.”
“They don't kill their children.”
It only took the jury two-and-a-half hours to find Misty Stoddard guilty of murdering her stepdaughter. Melissa's father, Kenneth, has also been charged with evidence tampering and aggravated child abuse. His trial begins later this summer.
Watch a report on the trial from ABC Action News below.
The Integrated Bar of the Philippines (IBP), the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) and various alternative legal groups urged lawyers on Monday to stand by their oath to be advocates of justice and human rights amid President Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs which triggered a spate of killings in the country.
“Now, more than ever, the legal profession is behoved not only to participate, but to actively intervene in the perceived disregard of the rule of law and seeming attack on democratic institutions,” IBP President Atty. Abdiel Fajardo said in a press conference in Pasig City.
ADVERTISEMENT
Fajardo said the death of 91 individuals, including 17-year-old Kian Delos Santos, in what was tagged as “the bloodiest One Time Big Time” drug operations of the National Capital Region, Bulacan and Cavite, were proof of the “increasing societal violence and spate of killings in the country.”
These killings, he said, had prompted IBP to look into supervising and capacitating lawyers to provide legal services to victims of human rights violations and their families, especially to the poor and marginalized.
“While many lawyers decry these atrocities, no concrete actions are being taken either due to lack of channels to reach out to the victims or lack of capacity to take on the peculiarities that accompany the handling of this kind of cases,” Fajardo said.
Noting that strengthening the legal community is the primary way to ensure access to justice, the IBP, along with other law groups, is set to conduct its Human Rights Summit on Nov. 23 to 24 at the SMX Convention Cente in SM Aura, Taguig City.
Also present during Monday's press conference were the Free Legal Assistance Group (Flag), Alternative Law Groups (ALG), Artikulo Tres, Center for International Law (Centerlaw), National Union of People's Lawyers (NUPL), Association of Law Students of the Philippines (ALSP), and the Initiatives for Dialogue and Empowerment through Alternative Legal Services (Ideals).
The groups are currently providing legal services to victims of human rights violation and extrajudicial killing through documentation, education, and case building, among others. /cbb
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Former prime minister Tony Abbott has hit out at China, saying Australia and the Asian superpower do not share common values, despite being closely linked by trade.
Speaking in Japan overnight, Abbott made the remarks while also commenting on the communist nation's actions in a disputed area of the South China Sea where it has built artificial islands and is said to be ramping up its military assets.
"While we now have more flights from China than from any other country, and while our economy is more closely tied to China's than to any other, it's still an interests partnership rather than a value one," Abbott said.
"We rely on China to take increasing quantities of Australian raw materials, and we're happy to be a source of resource, energy and food security.
"We're proud of the Chinese people who've made their home in our country and become fine Australians. But we aren't entirely confident that when China's interests differ from Australia's, there is a shared set of values that will allow a mutually satisfactory outcome."
It was good to address the Japan Institute of International Affairs in Tokyo this evening. https://t.co/VHs8LXMS8z pic.twitter.com/ClbdIYyqCS — Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) February 26, 2016
He said China's actions in the South China Sea were jeopardising the safety of the region.
"Countries which turn reefs into artificial islands at massive environmental cost, fortify disputed territory, and try to restrict freedom of navigation are putting at risk the stability and security on which depends the prosperity of our region and the wider world," Abbott said.
The speech is likely to renew speculation that Abbott's high profile since losing the prime ministership represents either an effort to shore up his legacy or is his way of biding time until another tilt at the top job.
Melbourne University's Pradeep Taneja said it was not the first time Abbott had talked about differences in values between Australia and China.
Taneja said China had been engaged in activities in the contested waters in violation of international laws.
"Clearly, there are differences in values, particularly political values, but it doesn't stop countries from doing business with each other. The Chinese have expressed their concerns about growing military ties between Australia and the United States," he told ABC television.
"China needs to explain to the region, explain to the rest of the world what China's ultimate objectives are in the region."
On Friday, former defence minister and Labor leader Kim Beazley weighed into the debate, saying that Australia should conduct routine freedom of navigation exercises through the contested waters.
Abbott's comments in Tokyo come amid reports the former PM will make a defense of his short-lived prime ministership in an upcoming edition of the conservative journal Quadrant.
Tony Abbott launches a 4000-word defence of his prime ministership. https://t.co/6DSKEo7kyG pic.twitter.com/jZQpuf5bi4 — The Australian (@australian) February 26, 2016
Fairfax Media reports that in the essay Abbott writes that his administration suffered from a "hysterical opposition", "populist Senate crossbench" and "poisonous media".
Malcolm Turnbull deposed Abbott in September last year to become the nation's 29th prime minister after months of speculation about the coalition leadership.
Hello, Pinterest? The President is calling.
Taking inspiration from the legions of web denizens (and potential voters) already hip to the pinning craze, U.S. President Barack Obama is now sharing his collection of favorite politically themed things and family recipes on Pinterest.
“Organizers, infographics, murals, and cake — now pinning all of the above for #Obama2012 on Pinterest,” the Barack Obama Twitter account announced Tuesday.
The President's Pinterest page is run by his Obama for America campaign staff and has eight boards, 32 pins, and 1,156 followers as of this report. Campaign digital director Teddy Goff also confirmed the President's pinning activity with this tweet today: “You asked, we answered: introducing… pinterest.com/barackobama/.”
Pinterest, for those on an Internet hiatus, is the digital pinboard site where arts, crafts, fashion, food, and now political enthusiasts “pin” products to collections called “boards.” The inspirational social network is a runaway sensation. In February, Pinterest, at 17.8 million unique visitors, was the third-highest-gaining web property in terms of unique visitors, according to comScore's calculations.
The startup has quickly become enmeshed within the population's digital consciousness, making it a necessary social destination for a Twitter- and Facebook-savvy president seeking reelection.
Obama's pinning actions, while no doubt essential to spreading more colorful, personality-infused messaging, will likely be a bigger boon for the social networking site than for the campaign. Consider this yet another defining moment for the still-small, 30-person, Palo Alto-based company.
Image courtesy of The White House, Flickr
Overview Enrolled at Oklahoma in 2014 after being dismissed from Missouri football team following two seasons with program. Ineligible to play in 2014 due to transfer rules. Was dismissed from Missouri program after being subject of burglary and assault investigation by police. He allegedly pushed a female down some stairs during the incident that was investigated. He didn't face charges from the incident. Was arrested twice for marijuana-related incidents. In January 2014, he was arrested along with two other men after police found a pound of marijuana in their car. No charges were filed. In October 2012, he was arrested along with two teammates after they were allegedly caught smoking marijuana in a campus parking lot. He was suspended for the Vanderbilt game after the arrest. In 2013, led Missouri in receptions (59), yards (883) and touchdowns (12). Was rated the top overall prospect in the country coming out of Hillcrest (Mo.) and was named National High School Player of the Year. His father was his high school coach. Finished his high school career with 6,353 receiving yards and 75 touchdowns.
Pro Day Results
Vertical jump: 33 inches
Broad jump: 10 feet
20-yard short shuttle: 4.36 seconds
Analysis Strengths Imposing physical specimen with outstanding height, weight and speed numbers. Smooth, effortless strides to chomp up cushion and blow by overconfident corners. Run routes with forward lean and can activate second gear when he chooses. Rare catch radius with ability to pluck would-be interceptions and turn them into catches. Has soft, sure hands. Can see a throw late and still haul it in. Able to drive cornerbacks down the field and then break route off for wide-open look underneath. Show flashes of special ability when ball is in the air. Plus body control. Can twist and contort in any direction in order to get his hands on a throw. Weaknesses Play strength is a major concern. Struggles to free himself from press coverage and can be taken completely out of his routes. Runs sloppy, rounded routes. Fails to set up his breaks and frequently leads cornerbacks to his destination. Slow to adjust routes and find open space against zone. Fails to create the separation that is potentially available for him at top of routes. Rarely looks to body up cornerbacks and keep them out of the throw. Suspect work ethic. Awareness of footwork near sideline an issue. Considered a problem child at Missouri. Suspended twice by Missouri and arrested twice for marijuana-related incidents. Kicked off team at Missouri in April 2014 after details of his alleged role in an alleged burglary were released by Columbia, Mo., police. He allegedly shoved a female student down some stairs during the alleged incident, but no charges were filed. Missed entire 2014 season. Draft Projection Round 2 Sources Tell Us "I think the consistent problems for Josh Gordon are going to leak over and hurt his draft stock. He couldn't keep himself out of trouble, had no structure growing up and didn't take coaching at Missouri. He's tall and fast and has good hands, but he can't be trusted. Why would you take a guy like that before the third day?" -- NFC director of personnel "We had him in for a visit and put him on the board and he was completely lost. Whoever takes him better have a plan for him because it could be rough early on." -- AFC offensive coordinator NFL Comparison Justin Hunter Bottom Line Long-strider with vertical ability to change a game and the catch radius and body control to make the difficult look easy. However, Green-Beckham struggles against physical cornerbacks, and is raw as a route runner with poor instincts when it comes to getting open. It's easy to bet on the traits when a receiver has high football character and is a willing worker, but teams could pass on the traits early in the draft due to his perceived lack of work ethic and overall character. Related Links -Lance Zierlein
Von Miller and the Denver Broncos are currently in a standoff over the Super Bowl MVP's contract situation. After being slapped with the franchise tag back in March, the two sides have been working towards a lucrative, long-term extension that would keep Miller in Denver for years to come. Only, they can't agree on a contract, despite the Broncos offering him a reported $114.5 million.
According to reports, Miller is supposedly threatening to sit out the entire 2016 season if a deal can't be reached. And now, he's seemingly taking subtle jabs at Broncos general manager John Elway. The team visited the White House on Monday to celebrate their Super Bowl victory with President Barack Obama. DeMarcus Ware shared a group photo on Friday, as did Miller. There was just one key difference.
Ware's post:
Article continues below ...
One of those forever memories … A photo posted by Demarcus Ware (@demarcusware) on Jun 10, 2016 at 5:41am PDT
Miller's post:
#Repost @demarcusware ・・・ One of those forever memories … A photo posted by Von Miller (@vonmiller) on Jun 10, 2016 at 6:03am PDT
Notice anything glaringly different between the two? Elway is suspiciously cropped out of Miller's post, which is too obvious to discount.
Maybe it's a shot at the man at the helm, or maybe Miller's just not great at cropping photos for Instagram. We may never know, but the former seems more likely.
President Trump Sets ARENA RECORD at Harrisburg Rally on Saturday Night
Guest post by Joe Hoft
Although the media would not report it, Candidate Donald Trump had massive crowds at his rallies throughout the Presidential campaign. We started keeping track of the crowds at Trump's rallies compared to those at Democrat Candidate Hillary Clinton's rallies in August. The results were staggering with Trump outpacing Clinton in rally attendance by more than 12 to one. This was one of the many reasons we projected Candidate Trump would win the election.
Last night, President Trump held a rally in Harrisburg, PA, instead of attending the White House Correspondent's Dinner. Again the main stream media (MSM) will not report it but the crowd was massive. Inside the rally at the PA Farm Show Complex & Expo Center the crowd was massive. President Trump during his speech noted that the crowd size broke the all-time record at the arena.
Huge turnout at Trump rally in #Harrisburg, full house!! And Media say all supporters abandoned him…pic.twitter.com/z3GFBORR74 — Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) April 29, 2017
‘
Typical with all Trump rallies, the line to get in was massive.
Line at #Trump Saturday rally in #Harrisburg, PA. And liberals say his supporters abandoned him…pic.twitter.com/PBBtGdB5YH — Kevin W. (@kwilli1046) April 30, 2017
President Trump now outpaces Hillary Clinton in rally attendance since the election 100 to none!
Israeli forces may have committed "grave violations" of the international laws of warfare during last summer's bloody Gaza conflict , according to the accounts of soldiers who fought in it.
A collection of harrowing testimonies published on Monday by Breaking the Silence , an NGO run by former Israeli soldiers, describes lax rules of engagement that allowed troops wide discretion to open fire in built-up areas - leading to mass non-combatant casualties and devastating damage to homes and civilian infrastructure .
The sister (C) of Palestinian Mahmud Abbas, who was killed by an Israeli air strike, mourns during his funeral in Gaza City (AFP/Getty Images)
Forces operated under the assumption that they were entering areas that had been cleared of inhabitants after the Israeli army launched its military offensive, Operation Protective Edge, last July. Soldiers were told to target any Palestinian encountered as a "terrorist" and to shoot to kill.
In reality, many residents had remained behind in neighbourhoods where military officials had dropped leaflets or made phone calls ordering inhabitants to evacuate - leaving them at the mercy of massive shelling, air attacks or gunfire from troops who identified them as militants.
Israeli forces also made devastating use of inaccurate missiles such as cannon and mortars in civilians areas, causing widespread destruction and breaching two basic principles of the law of war - distinction and proportionality - according to Michael Sfard, Breaking the Silence's legal adviser.
The distinction principle required combatants to minimise civilian casualties by distinguishing between them and fighters.
Proportionality forbids belligerents from attacking military targets if the damage to civilians is expected to be greater than the military advantage gained from its destruction.
Basing its report on testimonies from more than 60 participating soldiers and officers, Breaking the Silence said its findings painted a "very disconcerting picture" about Israeli forces' conduct in Gaza and cast "grave doubt on the IDF's [Israeli Defence Force] ethics".
"The more disturbing picture that arises from these testimonies reflects systematic policies that were dictated to IDF forces of all ranks and in all zones ," the 136-page report says.
A ball of fire rises from a building following an Israeli air strike in Gaza City (AFP/Getty Images)
"The guiding military principle of ' minimum risk to our forces, even at the cost of harming innocent civilians', alongside efforts to deter and intimidate the Palestinians, led to massive and unprecedented harm to the population and the civilian infrastructure in the Gaza Strip. Policymakers could have predicted these results prior to the operation and were surely aware of them throughout."
Nearly 2,200 Palestinians - the vast majority of them civilians, according to the United Nations - were killed in the 51-day conflict, which also resulted in 73 deaths on the Israeli side, most of them soldiers. Around 18,000 homes were destroyed or severely damaged.
Israel's leaders said they embarked on the offensive to stop indiscriminate rocket and missile fire at Israeli communities from Hamas, the Islamist group that runs Gaza.
While previous reports on the conflict - including from B'Tselem, an Israeli human rights group - have accused Israel of breaching international law, the Breaking the Silence investigation carries extra weight for being based on the first-hand testimony of soldiers in the field.
Palestinian men cover their heads as they run away after a bomb from an Israeli air strike hit a house in Gaza City (AFP/Getty Images)
Some accounts describe scenarios in which rules of engagement were virtually absent, along with a cavalier attitude to Palestinian deaths and the destruction of their homes and property.
"The rules of engagement for soldiers advancing on the ground were: open fire, open fire everywhere, first thing when you go in," said one infantry soldier who operated in Gaza City. "The assumption being that the moment we went in [to the Gaza Strip], anyone who dared poke his head out was a terrorist."
Another infantry sergeant, whose unit was in northern Gaza, said: "There weren't really any rules of engagement. It was more protocols. They told us, 'There aren't supposed to be any civilians there. If you spot someone, shoot'. Whether it posed a threat or not wasn't a question, and that makes sense to me. If you shoot someone in Gaza, it's cool, no big deal.
"They told us 'Don't be afraid to shoot.' And they made it clear to us that there were no uninvolved civilians."
On one occasion, two women were killed after being spotted in an orchard in southern Gaza by Israeli forces stationed more than half-a-mile away. The women were "implicated" as targets after drone footage showed them talking on mobile phones. The pair were listed as "terrorists" even though later inspection by an Israeli commander found them to be unarmed.
A woman gestures in her house that was destroyed in an Israeli airstrike in Khazaa, Gaza (Lewis Whyld/The Telegraph)
Some testimonies record soldiers behaving in an inappropriate - even cruel - manner while other accounts describe a racist atmosphere.
A sergeant stationed at Deir al-Balah in central Gaza described how his unit was ordered at 7am to begin firing at random targets in al-Bureij, a nearby refugee camp, despite it being quiet and there being no apparent threat.
"We are carrying out a Good Morning al-Bureij guys," the commander said, according to the sergeant. "Basically to wake up the neighbourhood, to show these guys that 'the IDF is here', and to carry out deterrence."
Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister, and other Israeli officials have previously pinned responsibility for Israeli firing in civilian areas on Hamas, accusing the group of using the Gaza population as "human shields".
Soldiers described losing their sense of morality after weeks of combat. One recounted how he fired a heavy machine gun at a man on a bicycle after failing in his attempts to hit cars and taxis with tanks shells.
"I saw a cyclist, just happily pedalling along. I said OK, that guy I'm taking down," said the sergeant. "I calibrated the range, and didn't hit - it hit a bit ahead of him and then suddenly he starts pedalling like crazy, because he was being shot at, and the whole tank crew is cracking up, 'Wow, look how fast he is.'
"After that I spoke about it with some other gunners and it turns out there was a sort of competition between all sorts of guys, 'Let's see if this gunner hits a car, or if that gunner'."
Houses were routinely destroyed if they were considered to occupy a "superior" - or higher - position to those where Israeli troops were stationed, as a precaution to stop them being occupied by militants.
Homes and orchards were flattened by bulldozers.
One soldier called the destruction levels "insane" while another compared the scene to "a science fiction move, with cows in the streets".
Mr Sfard called for an independent inquiry into the army's rules of engagement, which he said allowed far greater firepower than in previous Gaza conflict or the 2006 war with Hizbollah in Lebanon.
"International law demands that an investigation into suspicions of violations of the laws of war be carried out by an independent body."
He said: "Israel does have the needed legal framework for such an investigation but it takes political will and a political decision, which in the current climate seems unlikely."
Lieutenant Colonel Peter Lerner, a spokesman for the IDF, said other reports contradicted Breaking the Silence's findings that Israel's conduct had broken the laws of war.
"Other reports have reached a different conclusion and they don't seem to get media attention," he said. "However, we will look at this report to see if there is any matter requiring further investigation or action."
Hydro dipping, a high-tech graphic process that has provided a flashy look for many college football helmets, is coming to Major League Baseball.
When the Atlanta Braves play their first regular-season game at their new stadium, SunTrust Park, on Friday, their batting helmets will feature a carbon fiber pattern -- an MLB first, and a move that may open a new frontier of baseball headwear design.
"We want to be cognizant of our history and what it stands for, but you've got to balance that with moving forward," said Braves general manager John Coppolella. "You can still innovate and do new things while staying true to your roots, and this helmet is a good example of that."
The special helmets are the brainchild of Braves equipment manager Ben Acree, who got the idea after several Atlanta players and coaches visited the United States Naval Academy's football program last year. "The guys came back from the trip talking about some of the special helmets they saw, which Navy had worn against Army a few years back," said Acree. "That got me thinking about whether we could do something like that, so I kind of did a deep dive on college football helmets. I saw what teams have been wearing the past few years and started to explore what it would be possible for us to do."
True carbon fiber helmets have a distinct, textured-looking exterior pattern and are common in motorcycle racing and auto racing. That pattern was brought to the football field in 2009, when the University of Oregon unveiled a new uniform set that included a helmet with a carbon fiber-themed shell. The pattern was applied to the helmet via hydro dipping, a process that applies printed graphic patterns to three-dimensional surfaces. Since then, several additional college football teams have used hydro dipping to create the carbon fiber look and other patterns on their helmets, but the Braves are the first MLB team to use the process on a batting helmet.
"We played around with a few different ideas, but we found that the carbon fiber look works well for us," said Acree. "The pattern fits on our navy helmet and doesn't really mess with the design too much. It's a subtle pattern, not too crazy. That's important because we wanted to walk a fine line between our very strong team tradition and being innovative."
The headgear was produced by MLB's official batting helmet provider, Rawlings. Mike Thompson, the company's executive vice president for marketing, confirmed that the helmets were hydro dipped but declined to discuss specifics of the process, citing trade secrecy. He said Rawlings has previously used hydro dipping for a few college baseball teams, including a camouflage pattern for the University of Virginia, but had never explored the process for a pro helmet until now.
The back of the Braves' new helmet will include a patch commemorating the inaugural season of the team's new stadium. Rawlings
"The helmet is a very sensitive piece of equipment, obviously, and MLB wanted to be sure that the process didn't compromise the integrity of the helmet," said Thompson. "So we worked closely with them to make sure we were compliant with their safety standards."
A team spokesperson said the Braves plan to wear the new helmets for their home opener on Friday and again on Sunday (but not on Saturday, out of respect for MLB's annual Jackie Robinson Day festivities). After that, the helmets will be auctioned off, with a portion of the proceeds going to charity. Acree and Coppolella both said the team has some additional helmet concepts in the works, but the carbon fiber design, at least in this iteration, will not be used again after this weekend.
The Atlanta helmet is the latest in a series of developments that have suddenly made batting helmets an unlikely hotbed of baseball uniform activity. Although there have been advances in helmet safety and technology over the years, the basic visual concept of the helmet as a solid-colored glossy shell with a flat logo decal has been the norm for half a century. Things are starting to change: Twelve of the 30 MLB teams are now using matte-finish helmets instead of the standard glossies (up from five last season), and six teams, including the Braves, are using custom-molded three-dimensional helmet logos instead of conventional decals (up from one last season). Similar changes can be seen in many of the top college programs.
Thompson, the Rawlings executive, expects hydro dipped helmets to spread throughout the game as well. "Once the other equipment guys see this thing, everyone's going to want it," he said. "And then it'll trickle down to college teams, youth teams. We see hydro taking off, so we're gearing up for that."
If that happens, the Braves will be only too happy to view imitation as the sincerest form of flattery. "I'll be proud that we did it first, but that doesn't mean others can't do it too," said Coppolella. "If it's good for the game, it's good for all of us, and I'm happy that we can help be that leading agent of change."
Paul Lukas writes about uniforms for ESPN.com. If you like this column, you'll probably like his Uni Watch Blog, plus you can follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Want to learn about his Uni Watch Membership Program, be added to his mailing list so you'll always know when a new column has been posted, or just ask him a question? Contact him here.
It is no longer a secret that, mobile technology has taken over virtually every sector of the world with health care not an exception. Thanks to a novel technology and engineering tactics that pushed health care in many parts of the globe for a huge positive development. Moreover, it is thus no surprise that Mobile computing is one of the most addicted in the realm of health care. The basic reason being that mobile devices are a now part of health care employees as much as they are common in other industries. Adoption of mobile devices in health care has set a trend known as Bring Your Own Devices (BYOD). You may have heard of the term, but what exactly is BYOD?
BYOD Definition and Benefits
In simple terms, BYOD is a concept whereby employees and professionals are allowed to use their mobile devices for work related aspects. It is also being encouraged in Healthcare facilities given the number benefits that associated with the trend. If we talk about its advantages, the following are some of its advantages:
1. Utilization of Healthcare Infrastructure
The main advantage with BYOD is that the professionals can eliminate the need to carry multiple devices to achieve tasks. As a result, it leads to better utilization of infrastructure deployed by health care facilities. A good example of such an infrastructure is a wireless communication network in form of WLAN. Through such a network, cloud computing is feasible and very efficient in allowing user efficiency. Most health care companies spend a great deal of time and money in setting up such infrastructure so why not make good use of them?
2. Employee Satisfaction and Attraction of Talent
The key to business development is having a good Human Resource management base to build a company on. Human Resource entails proper employee management coupled with spot on talent recruitment techniques. A research-by Xigo's 2012 “Mobility Temperature Check” study found that the main reason behind the deployment of BYOD in organizations is to keep employees happy. Think of it this way, employees use devices like Smartphone in virtually any activity, thus wouldn't it be wise to afford them the same Smartphone to access various functions at work? This next generation is full of passion for mobile devices. It is even safe to say that our lives are driven by this kind of technology. In terms of attracting talent BYOD adoption in health care could be used to lure new employees owing to the flexibility it affords. The point here is that BYOD can be used as selling point in a bid to beat off competitors in hiring raw talent.
3. Employee Productivity
BYOD is known be provided the flexibility that brings the best out of employees. Employees tend to visualize the chance to work from any place without experiencing too many impediments. In fact, research has shown that a health care organization's productivity peaks when an employee is allowed to access health care functions from home. An employee can log into work related applications at home working extra hours, thus boosting organizational productivity unlike in the traditional way of working.
4. Reduced Costs
BYOD is a great trend to reduce the cost for health care organizations around the world. The key reason is that an organization can shift a portion of its hardware acquisition costs to employees in a passive manner. The tricky part with technological hardware and software is the rate at which it turns obsolete, thus companies are always forced to incur costs frequently to get new ones. With BYOD, employees use the latest technology that can solve the problem of spending budget for new models.
BYOD Risks
Of course with any technology, there are some cons associated. With BYOD, there are a number of challenges that are moving back the trend in health care, but the major one has got to be a data security breach. Statistics even show that the number of health care related data breaches has grown more popular than any other security breach! In 2013 for example, it accounted for 44% of all breaches, according to the Identity Theft Resource Center. Perhaps what has been driving these numbers is the invaluable nature of Personal Health Information in identity theft.
Another fact is that 1 out 10 American citizens have been affected in one way or another by a health care data breach. The interesting fact is that employee negligence was found to be the loophole behind this shocking statistic. According to the HIMSS Security Survey, employee access and handling of data is a major concern in the fight against this vice. Now, this is where the data security risk with BYOD make health care organizations cautious. The question that begs for an answer then is how can BYOD data be secured?
5 strategies to secure healthcare data in BYOD
Regardless of a companies' stand in terms of BYOD, the trend has in a way or another passed into many institutions. This is to imply that BYOD data security is colossal to companies that have policies against the BYOD trend and employees that are already implementing it. There are a few strategies that can be effectively used to curb data breaches in BYOD:
1. Risk Assessment
The first step before implementing BYOD in health care is to assess all the risks associated with the system. For example, in the healthcare business, how many staff members have access to the patient information? The essence of this is to identify any loopholes that you will think possible in the future. Carrying out a data inventory and threat analysis plus an analysis of the current BYOD status is one way to ensure that the Personal Health Information will be kept safe on implementation.
2. Mobile Device Management
BYOD security in communication is best achieved through protecting data as it flows from one end to another. Mobile Device Management (MDM) is one powerful way of implementing such kind of security in mobile communications. This approach utilizes software platforms in aspects like configurations, software updates while also keeping an eye on the security of information. Choosing an MDM system that can manage phones from different platforms is a cost effective option for health care institutions.
The other key part of MDM is encryption of data in networks and devices. This can be done through the use of multi factor authentication and encryption algorithms. Containerization is another scheme that works effectively. In containerization, it allows IT to not only secure the data on a device, but also grants control to apps to access data and manage data sharing.
3. Policies
Create clearly defined rules and regulations before implementing BYOD is also one very important element in fighting data breaches in health care. This is to ensure that users have a clear understanding of the device specs allowed, their roles and consequences of breaking regulations. For example, users should not be allowed to share PHI (personal health information) through file sharing platforms.
4. Invest of Securing PHI
The biggest mistake that many health care organizations make is that they focus on securing devices in BYOD environment instead of PHI. There is a limit at which one can secure a mobile device, in this way, one is advised to try and secure data flow and data access before allowing users to start using the system. Drawing a map of data flow is normally used to check and deploy PHI security procedures.
5. Do Not Compromise on Usability
Data security, integrity will not be enforced well without great user experiences in BYOD. User mobility is the ultimate goal of BYOD and it should not be compromised even though security layers have to go together with this feature. The best way to do this is to make sure of enough support in terms of IT staff that will smooth the use of BYOD systems in the health care facility
Conclusion:
It is expected that health care will grow prone to hackers in the future, thus data security will grow primarily in all health care facilities. As hacking grows in size so should data security experts. To be safe, protection is a great step towards mitigating cybercrime disasters-prevention will always be much better than cure!
Four students out of school for a teacher professional development day, picked the wrong home to break into.
Three of the four are under arrest in connection with an attempted DeKalb County home invasion that left one of them dead, according to Channel 2 Action News.
After attempting to break into a home in the Fairington Ridge Condominiums, a father who was home with his 4-year-old son shot and killed one of the boys who kicked in his door Friday afternoon, police said.
The father told police that he heard someone knock on his door, according to the news station. He didn't recognize the men so he and his son went upstairs. Moments later, when the father heard the intruders burst through the front door, he grabbed his son and hid in the closet, police told the station.
The homeowner told police he could hear the men stealing things, according to Channel 2.
Investigators told Channel 2 that when the two intruders opened the closet door, the homeowner shot and killed one of the suspects. The other intruder ran.
Neighbors told the station that they heard the gun shot but didn't think anything of it until they saw a huge police presence.
“I was in the house at the time when I heard the gun fire,” neighbor Decarius Lucas said. “I heard the gun fire and came outside.”
Other neighbors told the station that break-ins were happening too often.
“There's a rash of burglaries going on around here real bad and the people are tired of it,” neighbor Chad Litmon told Channel 2. “People just tired of their houses [being] broken [into] around here and they're not putting up with it anymore.”
Litmon said the intruders caught the bad end of the deal. DeKalb County Police Chief Dr. Cedric L. Alexander agreed.
“Two guys went into the wrong home and they were met by a homeowner protecting himself and a 4-year-old,” Alexander told the station.
Police said the child witnessed the shooting.
Investigators have not released the names of the victims nor the suspects, but they said the homeowner was in his right to protect his property and his child.
While different countries took different stance on bitcoin, Japan dealt with it quite differently. Last year in March, Japan ruled the digital currency would not be officially treated as a bond or a currency. Moreover, any company that sells bitcoin would be charged 8 percent "Consumption Tax", while individuals who trade bitcoins would not be so taxed.
In a more surprising development, Japan allowed the Bitcoin community to form a self-regulatory authority, called Japan Authority of Digital Assets (JADA), supported by Liberal Democratic Party of Japan (LDP)'s Information Technology committee.
However, the perception about bitcoin is undergoing a major change in the country due to the rising instances of fraud cases attached to it.
The biggest shock came when Mt Gox, bitcoin's biggest and most important exchange suddenly disappeared. Last week, police re-arrested Mark Karpeles, the CEO of the failed bitcoin exchange Mt Gox, suspecting he misappropriated ¥321m ($2.6m) of customer deposits into other personal projects. He was arrested earlier on August 1 over allegations that he had manipulated data to artificially create nearly $1 million worth of Bitcoin.
Other than Mt Gox, several other fraud cases like Mycoin, Silk Road, GAW Miners etc. have shaken the bitcoin community time and again.
As international calls grow for tightening control of cybermoney due to the risk of their abuse for money laundering and terrorist financing, the Japanese government is considering the legal regulation of virtual currencies such as bitcoin.
According to Japantimes, Finance Minister Taro Aso said the government would consider new regulations on virtual currencies such as the introduction of a registration or license system for operators of cryptocurrency exchanges. The Finance Ministry, the Financial Services Agency and the National Police Agency are expected to work with other relevant authorities to amend the anti-money laundering law and possibly the law on transaction in financial products, with a view to submitting related bills to the regular Diet session next year.
Japan's government is exploring new regulations on virtual currencies in response to a report in June by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), entitled, "Guidance for a risk-based approach to virtual currencies" that recommended all exchanges be registered and licensed so that they would be subject to the same kinds of scrutiny as other financial services and money transfer businesses, and urged governments to require operators of cryptocurrency exchanges to confirm the identity of clients, keep digital records of transactions and report any suspicious transactions to authorities, the report said.
As some countries have started imposing regulations on virtual currencies, the Japanese government will need to coordinate its planned regulations with other countries' moves. These regulations should not only aim at preventing the misuse of the digital currency transactions for money laundering and criminal purposes, but also to protect the interests of cryptocurrency users.
This publication is now archived.
Introduction
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), also known as the Tamil Tigers, are a separatist group in Sri Lanka. Since the 1980s, the LTTE have been agitating for a homeland for ethnic Tamils, who feel persecuted by Sri Lanka's ethnic majority, the Sinhalese. The LTTE is notorious for having pioneered the suicide bomb jacket, as well as the use of women in suicide attacks. They are blamed for a dozen high-level assassinations, over two hundred suicide attacks, and its war against the government has cost more than seventy thousand lives. In May 2009, the Sri Lankan government declared the twenty-six year long conflict had ended. The military claimed it had defeated the rebels and killed the LTTE's elusive leader Vellupillai Prabhakaran. The group conceded defeat and in a statement said it had decided to lay down its arms. However, some experts warn it may be too early to write off the group, which has proved to be a ruthless guerilla outfit in the past. Both the LTTE and the Sri Lankan military have been accused of engaging in abductions, extortion, conscription, and the use of child soldiers.
Who are the Tamils?
The Tamils are an ethnic group that lives in southern India (mainly in the state of Tamil Nadu) and on Sri Lanka, an island of 21 million people off the southern tip of India. Most Tamils live in northern and eastern Sri Lanka, and they comprise approximately 10 percent of the island's population, according to a 2001 government census. Their religion (most are Hindu) and Tamil language set them apart from the four-fifths of Sri Lankans who are Sinhalese—members of a largely Buddhist, Sinhala-speaking ethnic group. When Sri Lanka was ruled as Ceylon by the British, most Sri Lankans regarded the Tamil minority as collaborators with imperial rule and resented the Tamil's perceived preferential treatment. But since Sri Lanka became independent in 1948, the Sinhalese majority has dominated the country. The remainder of Sri Lanka's population includes ethnic Muslims, as well as Tamil and Sinhalese Christians.
What kind of terrorist attacks have the LTTE undertaken?
The LTTE, which may have between 7,000 and 15,000 armed combatants (PDF), is notorious for its suicide bombings. Since the late 1980s, the group has conducted approximately two hundred suicide attacks. Targets have included transit hubs, Buddhist shrines, and office buildings. According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the LTTE invented the suicide belt and pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks. LTTE fighters wear cyanide capsules around their necks so they can commit suicide if they are captured.
Beyond suicide bombings, the LTTE has used conventional bombs and Claymore mines to attack political and civilian targets, and has gunned down both Sri Lankan officials and civilians. In an April 2008 report, the U.S. State Department also accuses the LTTE of engaging in abductions and extortion. According to the report, violations of the 2002 cease-fire agreement by both the LTTE and the government have killed more than 5,000 people since 2006.*
Many of the LTTE's victims have been public officials. Over the past twenty years, the LTTE has been accused of assassinating almost a dozen high-level figures, including two heads of state. Assassinations and attacks on officials allegedly committed by the LTTE include:
The May 1991 assassination of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi at a campaign rally in India;
the May 1993 assassination of Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe Premadasa;
the July 1999 assassination of a Sri Lankan member of parliament, Neelan Thiruchelvam, an ethnic Tamil involved in a government-sponsored peace initiative;
a pair of December 1999 suicide bombings in Colombo that wounded Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga;
the June 2000 assassination of Sri Lankan Industry Minister C.V. Goonaratne;
the August 2005 assassination of Foreign Minister Lakshman Kadirgamar;
the January 2008 assassination of a member of parliament from the opposition United National Party (UNP), T. Maheswaran;
the January 2008 assassination of Sri Lankan Nation-Building Minister D. M. Dassanayake;
the February 2008 assassination of two cadres of the political party and paramilitary group Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal (TMVP); and
the April 2008 assassination of Sri Lankan Highway Minister Jeyaraj Fernandopulle.
How have recent peace efforts fared?
While the LTTE was active in the months leading up to September 11, 2001, a lull in violence preceded a February 2002 cease-fire agreement. Whether the 9/11 attacks encouraged this is not clear. Later that year, rebels and the government reached a power-sharing agreement in hopes of achieving a lasting peace.
Violence resumed in July 2004 when a suicide bomber strapped explosives to her body in Colombo, killing herself and four policemen. The LTTE claimed the attack was "an operation of some elements who are working to disrupt peace efforts," accusing the military and police of backing a breakaway LTTE leader responsible for the suicide bombing.
Tensions continued to rise until the December 2004 earthquake and tsunami, which killed more than 30,000 people in Sri Lanka and brought relative peace between the rebels and the government. But the August 2005 assassination of Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Lakshman Kadirgamar-for which the rebels are blamed though they deny any involvement-disrupted the peace and once again put the LTTE at odds with the Sri Lankan government.
By July 2006, fighting had reached its worst levels since the period before the 2002 ceasefire. Hundreds have been killed in the most recent wave of violence, and the United Nations reports tens of thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes. The Sri Lankan government unilaterally pulled out of the 2002 cease-fire agreement in January 2008, and Nordic cease-fire monitors withdrew from the country. The government increased military operations against the Tigers, and in May 2009 claimed it had defeated the rebel group. According to South Asia Terrorism Portal, a terrorism database, more than 13,000 people were killed in 2009, including over 9,000 civilians, the highest number of casualties in a single year since the conflict began.
Does the LTTE have ties to al-Qaeda or other terrorist groups?
Experts say that the secular, nationalist LTTE has no operational connection with al-Qaeda, its radical Islamist affiliates, or other terrorist groups. However, some of the Tigers' innovations—such as the "jacket" apparatus worn by individual suicide bombers—have been copied by al-Qaeda, the Lebanese militia Hezbollah, and Palestinian groups such as Hamas and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades.
In its early days, experts say the LTTE did train with the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). The group may still interact with other terrorist organizations through illegal arms markets in Myanmar, Thailand, and Cambodia.
How does the Sri Lankan government handle the LTTE?
Since the end of the 2002 cease-fire, the Sri Lankan government has aggressively pursued LTTE fighters. Halfway through 2007, the Sri Lankan government took effective control of Sri Lanka's eastern province, though it has had trouble defeating LTTE combatants in the north. On its website, the Sri Lankan Ministry of Defense catalogues alleged victories against the LTTE. The United States has helped train Sri Lankan forces in agencies that relate to counterterrorism. According to the State Department, the government of Sri Lanka cooperated with the United States to implement both the Container Security Initiative and the Megaports program at the port of Colombo.
But the Sri Lankan government has also attracted widespread criticism for its alleged human rights abuses. Like the LTTE, the Sri Lankan government has been accused of engaging in extrajudicial killings, abductions, extortion, conscription, and the use of child soldiers. In August 2007, Human Rights Watch released a report that catalogues the various human rights abuses conducted in Sri Lanka by both the LTTE and the Sri Lankan military. In January 2009, Human Rights Watch said both the government and the LTTE were placing civilians at risk in their ongoing war. Brad Adams, the organization's Asia director, said: "The government and the LTTE appear to be holding a perverse contest to determine who can show the least concern for civilian protection."
* Editor's Note: Corrects to say U.S. State Department attributed deaths to both LTTE and the Sri Lankan government.
Cheick Tioté, the Newcastle United midfielder, has narrowly avoided jail after he admitted possessing a fake driving licence.
The 27-year-old was handed a seven-month suspended sentence after he admitted buying a fake Belgian licence for €15,000 (£12,800).
He then attempted to swap the forgery for a full UK licence, Newcastle Crown Court heard.
Tony Hawks, prosecuting, said that when passing through Belgium, the Ivory Coast international met a man near Brussels airport and handed over the cash and a photograph of himself.
He then attempted to send it off to the DVLA in Swansea with an application for a UK licence.
"The licence was a very good forgery but there were a number of features that showed it was a forgery," said Mr Hawks.
"The offence is aggravated by what he has done as he sought to change base metal into gold."
Suspending the imprisonment for 18 months, Judge James Goss QC told Tioté that he would have to complete 180 hours of unpaid work.
"I give you credit for your plea of guilty, which has saved you from an immediate sentence of imprisonment," he said.
"In that way you will be punished and I have no doubt that, using your considerable talent, you will be able to assist others in the community by encouraging them and passing on your skills that way."
Tioté also received a fine of £600 and six points on his licence after he admitted driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence in February.
He pleaded not guilty to a charge of driving with no insurance and that will be dealt with at magistrates' court.
He was ordered to pay prosecution costs of £3,795 and a victim surcharge of £100.
No evidence was offered on a charge of making a false statement to obtain insurance and a verdict of not guilty was given.
Earlier in the day, when Tioté was waiting in court for his case to be heard, Newcastle's official Twitter account was inviting fans to submit their questions to him.
Telling fans to use the askTioté hashtag, they said the best questions would be put to him this afternoon.
The stream was quickly hijacked by Sunderland supporters asking him about losing the Tyne-Wear derby the day before.
(How I Embraced The Pure Land Teachings)
In my classes, I encourage all to ask questions, for almost half an hour before each lesson begins, to even email me if shy. This is so as I was personally relentless in active enquiry when I first learnt about the Pure Land teachings some 23 years ago. While chatting with friends who knew more, I just kept asking… till I eventually ran out of questions. There and then, I realised how I was foolish in having assumed the Pure Land teachings to be simplistic, when they are truly profound. (Emulating the Buddha's teaching approach, I found the swift resolving of doubts through enquiry to be an efficient way to learn and teach.)
However, in the few years following acceptance of the Pure Land teachings in theory, I focused upon self-powered meditation practices, mainly Anapanasati (mindfulness of breathing for training concentration) and Vipassana (mindfulness of thoughts, feelings and sensations for training insight). With regular practice, it became increasingly easy to quickly have calmness and clarity of mind. The blissfulness from meditation was unmistakable too. Yet, this led to a period of complacence, when I became so lax that I stopped practice entirely. This was until I signed up for a 10-day overseas meditation retreat in the year 2004.
To my horror, during the retreat, due to ‘rusty' practice, I could not even watch my breathing to settle my mind for a single minute in a sustainable way. During the very last night meditation session of the whole retreat, out of shame and determination, I made the resolution to not budge the slightest, until I at least regained the highest standard of meditation I had in the past. Ideally, may there even be a breakthrough. After all, as I thought to myself, I had already spent much money and leave days to come for this trip! Right after I made up my mind, strange balls of pain started to form within my body.
What followed were the most physically painful moments of my life (and I already have had some very excruciating pains before). These balls of pain not only grew bigger, they moved more rapidly too. I straightaway knew that they were not ordinary pains, as normal pains would not be mobile. They were similar to the pains I felt when I first learnt meditation in the year 1991. The moment I gave up or stood up to walk away, they would cease. They were a manifestation of ‘illness' due to my negative karmic obstacles (业障病), which sometimes arise when one is more serious about Dharma practice.
The pain became so intense that I thought I was going to die. The thought of ending the session did not even cross my mind due to firmness and ‘foolishness' of my vow not to move. With what felt like stabbing pains all over, I was too disturbed to watch my breathing for a single instant. Suddenly… I remembered the practice of Nianfo (mindfulness of the name of Amitabha Buddha – ‘Amituofo'). In my mind, I recited his name for three to four times. It was a call for help. It was not ‘perfect' chanting, as it was erratic, with desperation and fear, not at all calm. Yet, I had never said his name so sincerely before.
Even with eyes closed, I ‘saw' a thin layer of golden light embrace my body, as the balls of pain collapsed into only one, to shrink and disappear. More astoundingly, blissful waves that transcend jhanic bliss pervaded the whole body, immediately putting the mind to great ease. Amituofo's other-power had flowed in to dissolve the negative karma and relieve the suffering within seconds. There is no way to fully describe the warm feeling of being totally cared for, with the greatest yet gentlest assurance ever. The closest parallel is the loving care of my mother when I was young and ill. It made sense why the Buddhas describe how they see us as their only children… except that their concern is truly greater than all our parents'!
The instant I felt the compassionate blessings of Amituofo, hot tears ran down my face uncontrollably. There was an overwhelming sense of gratitude and joy. For the rest of the session, I simply basked in the bliss gratefully, as I ‘automatically' chanted his name with reverent thankfulness. I usually hesitate to share such experiences in case they are seen as attention-seeking, but it was the most humbling experience ever. It was not something to be proud of at all; only to be grateful for. It was not any attainment; just a brief taste of Amituofo's great blessings. May this inspire more to Nianfo with greater conviction.
It was incredibly humbling because for too long was I over-confident of my self-powered meditative skills and ‘good' karma, which turned out good-for-nothing in the face of strong past negative karma that can ripen at any time, including on my actual deathbed. It was also humbling because what Pure Land practitioners say is true, that Amituofo is always on standby, already radiating his light of blessings everywhere, awaiting our Nianfo to resonate with him. That my overly rationalistic mind made me pay little attention to others' connection experiences and even brush them aside put me to great shame. I knew then, that I have to practise and share the Pure Land teachings.
Although I had the Three Provisions Faith (in Amituofo), Aspiration (to reach his Pure Land) and Practice (of Nianfo) to some extent, all my prior occasional Nianfo sessions lacked sincerity that holds the provisions together. I had treated Amituofo's name as a neutral subject for meditation, like my breathing. What missing was the sincere sense of reverence and refuge for life. How moving it is, that despite this, Amituofo is still perfectly compassionate, patiently waiting for a fool like me to connect to him sincerely! How touching it is, that he likewise extends his blessings to everyone alive, near death and even deceased!
Although possible to enter the jhanas with Nianfo, without sincerity in Nianfo, there is only single-pointedness or concentration, without wholeheartedness (that leads to single-mindedness). This cannot connect to Amituofo as lack of sincerity is lack of the provisions. That said, sincere Nianfo is already a perfect meditative practice, according to the Mahasamnipata Sutra (Sutra Of The Great Assembly; 大集经) – ‘If one is only mindful of Amita[bha Buddha; Amituofo], this is named as unsurpassable, profound and wonderful meditation.' (若人但念阿弥陀，是名无上深妙禅。) This is so as it offers protection from all Buddhas and leads to Pure Land that ensures the swiftest progress to Buddhahood.
Despite us not being desperate ‘enough' due to lack of life-or-death situations to be super sincere most of the time, it is nevertheless true that with utmost sincerity mindful of Amituofo, he will be there. Also assuring is that though helpful, great concentration is not crucial for connecting to him, for how many have it when sick or dying? Again, wholehearted sincerity that synergises the provisions is key, for blissful single-mindedness to arise after connecting to Amituofo. It is true, as the Immeasurable Life Sutra says, that 10, a few or even a single sincere chant, can connect to Amituofo. Even silent mindful chanting will work, for how many of us can chant aloud if very sick and dying?
It took me some time to discover Amituofo's 33rd great vow – ‘… sentient beings of all kinds, in all immeasurable and inconceivable Buddha Lands of the ten directions, [including our world] who receive my bright light that touches their bodies, will have tenderness [suppleness; peace and bliss] of body and mind, that surpasses that of gods and humans…' (… 十方无量不可思议诸佛世界众生之类，蒙我光明触其体者，身心柔软，超过天人…) This made total sense of my experience, of having wretched pain switch to sublime bliss due to Nianfo. Just as this further fortified my faith in Amituofo, I sincerely hope this strengthens yours too. May we all Nianfo as sincerely as we can in everyday life, and eventually reach Amituofo's Pure Land!
Namo Amituofo:
Upasakan (2016)
Notes:
[1] Having studied engineering, I was scientifically trained, and thus previously super-rational. Though I had some special spiritual experiences before, none had such clarity and intensity as the above. I also did not previously come across any accounts of very similar nature, thus having no subconscious reference point.
[2] My meditation was somewhat half-hearted during the retreat, which was partly why there was no substantial progress. Before the retreat, I had already decided that Nianfo would be my main practice for life. I had refrained from Nianfo during the retreat earlier out of respect for the retreat's expectations. The experience further deepened my confidence of Nianfo. In fact, it made my faith in Amituofo unshakeable.
[3] The discipline to remain still with sincere Nianfo was self-powered effort, which enabled connection to Amituofo's other-power upon realisation that my efforts were inadequate. The Nianfo was with a sense of total self-entrustment to Amituofo. In contrast, I had clung to my illusory sense of self too much before, such that it fenced me from his blessings that surrounded all this time. When let go off via sincere Nianfo, they are naturally experienced.
[4] It bothered me a little that though the centre had a Sakyamuni Buddha and Guanyin Bodhisattva image, there was no Amituofo image. With the lights turned off, the light of blessings seemed to come from the direction of the Buddha image in the middle of the hall, with the only other light from the oil lamp shining on the golden face of the Buddha. The plain image might as well stand for Amituofo too, as it was gold, as his body and light are.
[5] The weather was bitterly cold and rainy on almost all days of the retreat. On the morning after, it became sunny with especially glorious golden rays, reminiscent of the golden light of Amituofo. Also with gentle breezes, the scenery was wonderful, reminding me of how Pure Land is even more wonderful. It was as if a sign of transformation for the better, while I felt spiritually ‘reborn'. Perhaps it was mostly a reflection of my reaffirmed faith in Amituofo. Nevertheless, it was most invigorating. This was my first and ‘accidental' Pure Land retreat!
HOW LONG BEFORE WE BECOME A NATION OF 50 CALIFORNIAS?
By Frosty Wooldridge
October 8, 2009
NewsWithViews.com
While you discovered the dreary reality of Detroit, Michigan—that's only one American city! Commensurately—Miami, Chicago, Houston, New York, Los Angeles and others follow toward a range of similar futures.
Ask yourself, with 15 million Americans unemployed and 35 million subsisting on food stamps, does it make sense to import 160,000 legal immigrants into this country every 30 days and a total of 1.5 million plus annually? Especially when those immigrants cost American taxpayers (you) a total of $346 billion in resettling services across 15 federal agencies annually?
At this point in time, with 10 million legal and unlawful immigrants, California suffers a $24 billion debt. It cannot pay its bills. It sinks deeper into collapse as it adds 1,700 people per day, every day of the year.
Next question: what if all of our states turned into Californias? Given enough time, they will! Remember that U.S. population projections show immigration adding 100 million people to the USA in 26 years. (Source: Fogel/Martin March 2006, “US Population Projections,”)
In a brilliant expose' famed economist Edwin Rubenstein wrote, “As California Goes - Facts behind California's Fiscal Meltdown.” (Volume 19, Number 4, summer 2009,)
In it, Rubenstein illustrates California's plight as the canary in the coal mine.
Why California?
“The state's top income tax rate—10.3 percent—is the highest in the nation, and this surely explains why the richest 1 percent of residents end up contributing half of all the personal income taxes the state collects,” Rubenstein said. “Even the state sales tax rate—a poor man's levy—is well above the national average.
“The usual suspects—high spending and low taxes—are not to blame. In their place stands something far more fundamental: demographic change. An ever-growing share of California residents are immigrants. The vast majority of immigrants are from Latin America (56 percent) and Asia (35 percent). They are generally young, poorly educated, and mired in low-income jobs that do not provide health insurance. Their English is often rudimentary. They depend on state social services at far higher rates than natives or earlier immigrant cohorts.”
A whopping third of California's immigrants entered unlawfully! At least half of them work off the books thereby not paying any taxes into the system, but their children tap into education, food and health care at an astounding cost to the state. In the last eight years, 86 hospitals and ER wards bankrupted out of business.
“Latino families are larger than those of other immigrant groups. Their children swell elementary schools but are less likely than other groups to graduate high school or finish college,” Rubenstein said. “Second-generation Latinos are also less likely to grow up with two parents, and more likely to go to jail or become teenage mothers.
“Many observers—including prominent Latin Americans—have concluded that the same traditional values that lie behind Latin America's difficulties in achieving prosperity and political stability are being substantially perpetuated among Hispanic immigrants and their descendants in California. This implies that the problem is primarily cultural, not economic, and that fiscal measures alone will not suffice to solve it.”
California's Immigration Tsunami
“Between 1970 and 2006 the number of California residents born abroad increased by more than five-fold, from 1.8 million to 9.9 million,” said Rubenstein. “Currently the state has a much higher share of immigrants in its population than the U.S. as a whole.”
For more than a century California has set the immigration trend for the nation:
“Using official state figures, demographer Leon Bouvier concluded that immigration accounts directly and indirectly for 98 percent of California's population growth between 1990 and 2002. Direct immigration contributed 57 percent of the rise, while the rest came from births to foreign-born women,” said Rubenstein. “Behind the headline statistics are two telling factoids. First, net migration from other states has virtually ceased. Traffic congestion, schools, the water crisis, the state's fiscal meltdown, are all a big turn-off to citizens of other, less troubled parts of the country.
Advertisement
“Second, the average California mother is expected to give birth to 2.1 children over her lifetime. This is the so-called “replacement” fertility rate which, if sustained over time, will result in a stable population. The devil is in the details: established residents and immigrants from non-Hispanic groups —Asians, Blacks, Whites, American Indians, and Pacific Islanders—are all reproducing at below replacement rates. Hispanic mothers, by contrast, are on course to have 3.25 children over their reproductive lifetimes.”
The Immigration Deficit
Once upon a time political correctness did not prevent Californians from discussing the fiscal burden imposed by illegal aliens. In the early 1990s California faced a sinking economy not unlike today's. Social welfare caseloads exploded, state revenue declined by more than 25 percent, and the state's budget deficit was an unprecedented one-third of total general fund spending.
“Caseloads continued rising even after the recession ended, a trend many officials blamed on illegal immigrants,” said Rubenstein. “In 1993 California Gov. Pete Wilson sued the federal government for the costs of state services to illegals—widely estimated at $2 billion ($2.9 billion in 2009 dollars)—arguing that Washington mandated the provision of such services while failing to prevent the illegal influx. Five other magnet states—Arizona, Florida, New York, New Jersey, and Texas—joined the suit.
“The issue propelled the drafting of Proposition 187, a state initiative denying certain services to illegal aliens. A firestorm ensued. Besides racism and anti-Latino bias, immigrant groups charged the Wilson administration with grossly exaggerating the net cost of illegal aliens on the state's budget.”
The 1994 study found that the 1.7 million illegal aliens then residing in California and their U.S.-born children:
• Received $4.3 billion in state services
• Paid $739 million in state taxes
• Received about $3.6 billion more than they paid in taxes.
“K-12 education is the largest state expenditure, accounting for 40 percent of the budget,” Rubenstein said. “Enrollments have increased dramatically since 1994, swelled primarily by Hispanic immigrants and their U.S.-born children. Consider this: between 1994 and 2005 California K-12 enrollment grew by 1,054,806; Hispanic student enrollment rose by 1,009,489, accounting for 96 percent of the total increase. White enrollment declined by 246,220 students over the same period.” (See article.)
California Is Our Canary
California still has the nation's largest immigrant population. But its lead is shrinking: In 1994 32 percent of the nation's foreign-born lived in California; today about 26 percent do. Only 17 percent of immigrants arriving in the U.S. between 2005 to 2006 settled in California.
“Unfortunately, the same social pathologies that attend the foreign-born in California travel to other U.S. destinations,” said Rubenstein. “In every instance immigrants are, on average, poorer than natives, more dependent on public largesse, more likely to require remedial education, less likely to finish high school, and more likely to evade taxation and to be incarcerated. Throughout the nation native-born citizens are digging ever deeper into their pockets to subsidize public services for immigrants.”
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts!
Enter Your E-Mail Address:
You may be interested, especially your kids, to see what happens with the projected 70 million new immigrants to be added within 26 years at current immigration rates!
Listen to Frosty Wooldridge on Wednesdays as he interviews top national leaders on his radio show "Connecting the Dots" at www.themicroeffect.com at 6:00 PM Mountain Time. Adjust tuning in to your time zone.
Julie Verratti is an attorney by training, but her aspiration is to open a brew pub, where she can make beer and sell pints over the counter. The problem is she'd like to do it in Silver Spring, but Montgomery County doesn't allow on-site consumption of alcohol without a restaurant license. Verratti wants only beer on the menu.
It seems to her like a no-brainer, especially for a county that is supposed to be courting the young demographic, which loves craft beer.
“If the laws don't change in Montgomery County you're going to miss the boat,” Verratti told Montgomery's Nighttime Economy Task Force, which has been studying ways to make the county more competitive with the District as an after-hours destination.
The 19-member task force, drawn by County Executive Isiah Leggett from land use law firms, businesses and the arts and entertainment sectors, is expected to finalize its recommendations in October after a series of hearings. Loosening regulations on where, when and how alcohol is consumed is likely to be a major focus.
The panel is looking at proposals to extend bar hours to match those in the District, where closing time is 2 a.m. Monday-Thursday and Sunday; 3 a.m. Friday and Saturday. In Montgomery, weekday and Sunday hours currently end at 1 a.m.; 2 a.m. Friday and Saturday.
“It's not unusual for people to leave a place in Silver Spring or Bethesda (at closing time) and go to D.C.,” said Mike Diegel, a Silver Spring civic activist chairman of the arts and entertainment subcommittee. Diegel said his group was also considering proposals to relax noise restrictions in selected locations and loosen requirements that food comprises 50 percent of sales at drinking establishments.
There will almost certainly be push back. According to one task force member, Montgomery police are adamantly opposed to longer bar hours. The changes also would need to be funded, with extra money for DUI enforcement and more extensive transportation options (taxi stands, additional bus and train service) for bar patrons to get home safely.
Neighborhoods surrounding entertainment districts are likely to contest the easing of noise restrictions, even though the bulk of noise complaints come from construction and private residential parties, according to Diegel.
Other proposals in the works would encourage creation of more spaces for people to gather for arts and entertainment events, possibly by creating incentives for developers. Public parks could also be more imaginatively used as venues for nighttime activity.
“We're building a case for any number of different kinds of changes,” said Council member Hans Riemer (D-At Large), an ex-officio member of the task force.
Verratti, whose day job is at the U.S. Small Business Administration, said she isn't opposed to regulations. But she is hoping that the county will make it easier for her. While microbreweries have been surging in popularity, there also is a growing subset of brew pubs in places such as Denver and Milwaukee that don't sell food.
“It doesn't make sense that I'd have to sell food as a brewery,” she said.
A law passed this year by the General Assembly has cleared the way for on-site consumption at breweries. But the county's legislative delegation will have to submit a bill next year. Kathie Durbin, chief of licensure, regulation and education for the Department of Liquor Control, said she supports the measure.
“We don't have a problem with it,” Durbin said.
Verrati already has a name picked out: Citizens Brewing Co.
“Our priority is brewing good beer for great people,” she said.
by The Warrior Goalie Development Team (Pete Smith, Neal Watts, Kirk Allen)
In our last post we spoke about performance driven innovation. This means we only put innovations in our product that deliver improved on-ice performance.
In this blog, we'll explain the key performance benefits that result from the innovations found in the Ritual G3 Leg Pads, helping you Get SQUARE FAST and Elevate YOUR Game:
– Extremely lightweight – The G3 Leg pads are the lightest pro leg pads on the market, by far.
– Super Fast Slide – Butterfly slide faster than you ever have before.
– Effortless Rotation – Superior stance to butterfly transitions.
– Advanced Butterfly Stability & Seal – Exceptional toe to five-hole coverage along the ice and no over or under-rotation.
– Optimized Blade/Ice Interface – Facilitates blade contact with the ice at the most extreme angles. No slip-outs.
– Complete Upright Stability – Pads that feel securely connected to your skate throughout your entire range of motion. No tapping pads back into place after transitions. .
G3 Leg Pad Tech Overview A
G3 Leg Pad Tech Overview B
G3 Leg Pad Tech Overview C
The Get Square. Fast. formula:
ELEVATE YOUR GAME
Follow us on Instagram @WarriorGoalie
Merriam-Webster said “feminism” as its word of the year for 2017. (Peter Morgan/Associated Press)
This is the year when a sea of pink dominated the streets of several American cities, the year when #MeToo became a symbolic driving force against sexual misconduct by men, and when a group of women — “The Silence Breakers” — graced the cover of Time as the voices that launched that movement.
These events, says Merriam-Webster, are the reasons 2017 was a big year for feminism — at least literally.
The online dictionary has dubbed “feminism” its word of the year, meaning it is the most-searched word on Merriam-Webster's website. Lookups for the definition of feminism increased by 70 percent over last year. There were also several major spikes that coincide with major news events, said Peter Sokolowski, Merriam-Webster's editor at large.
“No one word can ever encapsulate all the news, events, or stories of a given year, particularly a year with so much news and so many stories,” Sokolowski said. “But when a single word is looked up with great volume, it also stands out as one associated with several different important stories. We can learn something about ourselves through the prism of vocabulary.”
Sokolowski said the first such spike happened in January, when thousands of women packed the streets of several cities in the United States and beyond in a massive act of defiance against a newly inaugurated president. Discussions on what the word meant to attendees and organizers of the Women's March, and whether the protest was a show of feminism, fueled the spike, he said.
[Merriam-Webster is trolling the Trump administration. Again.]
Searches for the word spiked again the following month, when Kellyanne Conway, counselor to President Trump, distanced herself from the term.
“It's difficult for me to call myself a feminist in the classic sense because it seems to be very anti-male and it certainly is very pro-abortion, and I'm neither anti-male nor pro-abortion. So, there's an individual feminism, if you will, that you make your own choices…. I look at myself as a product of my choices, not a victim of my circumstances,” Conway said during the annual Conservative Political Action Conference at National Harbor in Maryland last February.
Conway praised Trump for hiring women and encouraged women to run for president. She also decried the “presumptive negativity” about women in positions of power.
“You know, this whole sisterhood, this whole ‘let's go march for women's rights' and, you know, just constantly talking about what women look like or what they wear or making fun of their choices or presuming that they're not as powerful as the men around,” she said.
Conway did not respond to an email requesting comment Tuesday morning about Merriam-Webster crediting her statement for the popularity of the word “feminism.”
Merriam-Webster said the storm of revelations in the latter half of 2017 and the emergence of #MeToo, a hashtag that countless of women used on social media to say that they have been victims of some form of sexual misconduct or harassment, resulted in a steady increase in searches for what feminism is.
The news cycle during the latter half of 2017 was dominated with stories about sexual assault and sexual harassment. The public watched the fall from grace of one popular and powerful man after another — Harvey Weinstein, Sen. Al Franken, Rep. John Conyers Jr., Matt Lauer, Charlie Rose, Louis C.K. and several others.
[After months of trolling Trump, Merriam-Webster has no words about ‘covfefe']
Allegations of sexual misconduct against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, as first revealed by The Washington Post, rocked the special election in Alabama, where voters on Tuesday are selecting a candidate to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Movies also played a role.
Merriam-Webster said curiosity about the definition of feminism spiked following the release of “Wonder Woman,” headlined by Jewish actress Gal Gadot and created by the first woman to direct a big-budget superhero movie, and the Hulu series “The Handmaid's Tale,” based on a novel about a dystopian and totalitarian society where women are stripped of their rights and forced into sexual servitude.
The definition of feminism has evolved since it was first entered in the English dictionary by Noah Webster in 1841. Once defined as simply “the qualities of females,” feminism is now “the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes” and “organized activity on behalf of women's rights and interests,” according to Merriam-Webster.
Another word that became popular this year is “complicit,” which ranks No. 2 in Merriam-Webster's top 10 list and was recently declared word of the year by dictionary.com. Both online dictionaries said spikes in searches for the word involved Ivanka Trump, the president's oldest daughter and a current White House adviser. Merriam-Webster said the word spiked in March when Ivanka Trump responded to accusations that she was being complicit in her father's decisions.
[‘Complicit' is the 2017 word of the year, according to Dictionary.com]
“I don't know that the critics who may say that of me, if they found themselves in this very unique and unprecedented situation that I am now in, would do any differently than I am doing,” Ivanka Trump said. She added later: “I don't know what it means to be complicit. But you know, I hope time will prove that I have done a good job and, much more importantly, that my father's administration is the success I know it will be.”
She was later parodied by “Saturday Night Live,” when Scarlett Johansson, dressed in a glittery gold gown, glided into a gilded room as she modeled for a fragrance called Complicit.
Other words that made Merriam-Webster's top 10 are: recuse, popularized by Sessions's decision to recuse himself from investigations involving Russia and the presidential election; dotard, an old-fashioned word that North Korean President Kim Jong-un used to described President Trump; and gaffe, specifically, the envelope fiasco that led to the announcement of the wrong winner for Best Picture at the Academy Awards.
Merriam-Webster has become popular over the past two years for its viral trolling of Trump. The dictionary mocked Trump several times in 2016, when the then-presidential candidate misspelled words in his tweets (unpresidented, honer, leightweight and chocker).
John Wagner and Amy B Wang contributed to this report.
Read more:
Kellyanne Conway: Feminism associated with being ‘anti-male' and ‘pro-abortion'
‘Alt-right,' ‘troll' and ‘dog whistle' among new entries added to Merriam-Webster dictionary
‘We're descriptivists, not jerks': An interview with Twitter's edgiest dictionary
[image-50]
Imagine forecasting a hurricane in Miami weeks before the storm was even a swirl of clouds off the coast of Africa—or predicting a tornado in Kansas from the flutter of a butterfly's wing in Texas. These are the kind of forecasts meteorologists can only dream about.
Could the dream come true? A new study by Stanford researchers suggests that such forecasts may one day be possible—not on Earth, but on the sun.
"We have learned to detect sunspots before they are visible to the human eye," says Stathis Ilonidis, a PhD student at Stanford University. "This could lead to significant advances in space weather forecasting."
Sunspots are the "butterfly's wings" of solar storms. Visible to the human eye as dark blemishes on the solar disk, sunspots are the starting points of explosive flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) that sometimes hit our planet 93 million miles away. Consequences range from Northern Lights to radio blackouts to power outages.
Astronomers have been studying sunspots for more than 400 years, and they have pieced together their basic characteristics: Sunspots are planet-sized islands of magnetism that float in solar plasma. Although the details are still debated, researchers generally agree that sunspots are born deep inside the sun via the action of the sun's inner magnetic dynamo. From there they bob to the top, carried upward by magnetic buoyancy; a sunspot emerging at the stellar surface is a bit like a submarine emerging from the ocean depths.
In the August 19th issue of Science, Ilonidis and co-workers Junwei Zhao and Alexander Kosovichev announced that they can see some sunspots while they are still submerged.
Their analysis technique is called "time-distance helioseismology," and it is similar to an approach widely used in earthquake studies. Just as seismic waves traveling through the body of Earth reveal what is inside the planet, acoustic waves traveling through the body of the sun can reveal what is inside the star. Fortunately for helioseismologists, the sun has acoustic waves in abundance. The body of the sun is literally roaring with turbulent boiling motions. This sets the stage for early detection of sunspots.
"We can't actually hear these sounds across the gulf of space," explains Ilonidis, "but we can see the vibrations they make on the sun's surface." Instruments onboard two spacecraft, the venerable Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) and the newer Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) constantly monitor the sun for acoustic activity.
[image-68]
Submerged sunspots have a detectable effect on the sun's inner acoustics—namely, sound waves travel faster through a sunspot than through the surrounding plasma. A big sunspot can leapfrog an acoustic wave by 12 to 16 seconds. "By measuring these time differences, we can find the hidden sunspot."
Ilonidis says the technique seems to be most sensitive to sunspots located about 60,000 km beneath the sun's surface. The team isn't sure why that is "the magic distance," but it's a good distance because it gives them as much as two days advance notice that a spot is about to reach the surface.
"This is the first time anyone has been able to point to a blank patch of sun and say 'a sunspot is about to appear right there,'" says Ilonidis's thesis advisor Prof. Phil Scherrer of the Stanford Physics Department. "It's a big advance."
"There are limits to the technique," cautions Ilonidis. "We can say that a big sunspot is coming, but we cannot yet predict if a particular sunspot will produce an Earth-directed flare."
So far they have detected five emerging sunspots—four with SOHO and one with SDO. Of those five, two went on to produce X-class flares, the most powerful kind of solar explosion. This encourages the team to believe their technique can make a positive contribution to space weather forecasting. Because helioseismology is computationally intensive, regular monitoring of the whole sun is not yet possible—"we don't have enough CPU cycles," says Ilonidis —but he believes it is just a matter of time before refinements in their algorithm allow routine detection of hidden sunspots.
The pungent smell of pot that blankets a popular quadrangle at the University of Colorado-Boulder every April 20 is being replaced by the stench of fish-based fertilizer Friday as administrators try to stamp out one of the nation's largest annual campus celebrations of marijuana.
After more than 10,000 people — students and non-students — attended last year's marijuana rally on Norlin Quadrangle, university officials decided this year to apply the stinky fertilizer to the quad to deter pot-smokers. They're also closing the campus Friday to all unauthorized visitors and offering a free campus concert by Haitian-born hip-hop star Wyclef Jean timed to coincide with the traditional 4:20 p.m. pot gathering.
The measures pit Colorado's flagship university, which has tired of its reputation as a top party school, against thousands who have assembled, flash mob-style, each year to demand marijuana's legalization or simply to have a good time.
With more than 30,000 students, Colorado was named the nation's top party school in 2011 by Playboy magazine. The campus also repeatedly ranks among the top schools for marijuana use, according to a "Reefer Madness" list conducted by The Princeton Review.
"We don't consider this a protest. We consider this people smoking pot in the sunshine," said university spokesman Bronson Hilliard. "This is a gathering of people engaging in an illegal activity."
"I do not see any justification for the university shutting it down," said student organizer Daniel Ellis Schwartz, who contends the measures infringe on First Amendment rights to protest. Schwartz, a physics major, and other supporters of the 4/20 smoke out plan to move it to a nearby park off-campus. He suggests there also will be some form of off-campus protest against the measures.
"We do have to play a game of chess with the authorities," Schwartz said.
Many students at the University of Colorado and other campuses across the country have long observed 4/20. The counterculture observation is shared by marijuana users from San Francisco's Golden Gate Park to New York's Greenwich Village.
The number 420 has been associated with marijuana use for decades, though its origins are murky. Its use as code for marijuana spread among California pot users in the 1960s and spread nationwide among followers of the Grateful Dead.
Like most counterculture slang, theories abound on its origin. Some say it was once police code in Southern California to denote marijuana use (probably an urban legend). It was a title number for a 2003 California bill about medical marijuana, an irony fully intended.
Others trace it to a group of California teenagers who would meet at 4:20 p.m. to search for weed (a theory as elusive as the outdoor cannabis crop they were seeking). Yet the code stuck for obvious reasons: Authorities and nosy parents didn't know what it meant.
In Colorado, recent 4/20 observations have blossomed alongside the state's medical marijuana industry. Approved by Colorado voters in 2000, medical marijuana boomed after federal authorities signaled in 2009 they would pursue higher-level drug crimes. All marijuana is illegal under federal law, though Colorado voters this November will consider a ballot measure to legalize it for recreational use by adults over 21.
A larger rally is planned for Denver near the state capitol on Friday and Saturday. Police have suggested they'll be taking a hands-off approach to the gathering, which could draw tens of thousands of people, said chief organizer Miguel Lopez.
Others are rebelling against the gatherings.
In Colorado, several high schools across the state are hosting drug-free events on Friday. The University of Colorado's student government supports the university's anti-4/20 actions this year. And other Colorado students created a Facebook campaign urging their colleagues to wear formal clothing to school on Friday to repudiate the party-school reputation.
Campus police officers will be stationed at school entrances, allowing in only those with university IDs or permission. Anyone on campus without proper ID could be ticketed for trespassing, which carries a maximum $750 fine and up to six months in jail, said campus police spokesman Ryan Huff.
Anyone caught smoking on campus will be ticketed, just as they would any other day, Huff said. That includes anyone with a medical marijuana card, which requires that consumption be in private.
Off campus, Boulder police could also issue tickets for people smoking pot, and the Colorado State Patrol will be watching for any motorists under the influence, Huff said.
"This is not about the war on drugs. It isn't even about marijuana per se," insisted Hilliard, the university spokesman. "Ten a thousand to 12,000 (people) doing anything in the academic heart of the campus would be a problem."
___
Associated Press writer Kristen Wyatt contributed to this report.
Card descriptions
English English Target 3 banished monsters; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Acquisitiveness" per turn. French French Ciblez 3 monstres bannis ; mélangez-les tous les 3 dans le Deck, puis piochez 1 carte. Vous ne pouvez activer qu'1 "Pot de Possessivité" par tour. German German Wähle 3 verbannte Monster; mische alle 3 ins Deck, dann ziehe 1 Karte. Du kannst nur 1 „Topf der Gewinnsucht“ pro Spielzug aktivieren. Italian Italian Scegli come bersaglio 3 mostri banditi; mischia tutti e 3 nel Deck, poi pesca 1 carta. Puoi attivare solo 1 "Giara dell'Acquisizione" per turno. Portuguese Portuguese Escolha 3 monstros banidos; embaralhe os 3 no Deck e, depois, compre 1 card. Você só pode ativar 1 "Pote da Aquisitividade" por turno. Spanish Spanish Selecciona 3 monstruos desterrados; baraja los 3 al Deck, y después roba 1 carta. Sólo puedes activar 1 "Olla de la Adquisición" por turno. Japanese Japanese 「大欲な壺」は１ターンに１枚しか発動できない。①：除外されている自分及び相手のモンスターの中から合計３体を対象として発動できる。そのモンスター３体を持ち主のデッキに加えてシャッフルする。その後、自分はデッキから１枚ドローする。 Korean Korean "대욕의 항아리"는 1턴에 1장밖에 발동할 수 없다. ①: 제외되어 있는 자신 및 상대의 몬스터 중에서 합계 3장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 몬스터 3장을 주인의 덱에 넣고 셔플한다. 그 후, 자신은 덱에서 1장 드로우한다.
Bon Iver's Justin Vernon manages to accomplish more in between his band's albums than many artists do throughout their entire careers. It's easy to forget that spearheading Bon Iver is technically Vernon's full-time occupation. During the time between his self-released 2007 debut For Emma, Forever Ago and Bon Iver's subsequent self-titled sophomore album in 2011, Vernon launched a side project, contributed to a little album called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, and had his music covered by Peter Gabriel. Now, a half-decade since their last studio release, Bon Iver have announced a new album, set for a live debut this Friday at Vernon's Eaux Claires festival. In the meantime, let's take a look at what Vernon's been up to since 2011.
July 22, 2011: With an official proclamation from the mayor, the City of Milwaukee declares July 22 to be Bon Iver Day, “in recognition of Justin Vernon/Bon Iver's Wisconsin and Milwaukee ties.” It's also the day that Vernon kicks off his international tour in support of Bon Iver, which was released a month prior.
August 24, 2011: Music fans rejoice as Vernon releases a collaboration with James Blake, “Fall Creek Boys Choir.” It appears on Blake's Enough Thunder EP later that year, and marks the first of several songs the two work on together in the years to come.
September 24, 2012: After over a full year of touring, Vernon states in a Minnesota Public Radio interview that he's “winding down” the Bon Iver project. “I look at it like a faucet. I have to turn it off and walk away from it because so much of how that music comes together is subconscious or discovering,” he tells The Current's David Campbell. “There's so much attention on the band, it can be distracting at times. I really feel the need to walk away from it while I still care about it. And then if I come back to it—if at all—I'll feel better about it and be renewed or something to do that.”
January 25, 2013: Vernon's blues-focused side project the Shouting Matches is announced to be performing at Coachella 2013. Meanwhile, a representative for Bon Iver's label Jagjaguwar states “the band is at work on new material together.”
May 25, 2013: Volcano Choir, the side project Vernon formed in 2009 with fellow Wisconsin band Collections of Colonies of Bees, announces their sophomore album and a North American tour.
June 18, 2013: Kanye West releases his sixth studio album, Yeezus. Vernon once again makes an appearance, co-writing and contributing vocals on “I Am a God” as well as singing additional parts on “I'm In It” and “Hold My Liquor.” (During a recent interview with Annie Mac on BBC Radio 1, West lauded Vernon as his “favorite living artist.”)
July 25, 2013: Following his cover of Bon Iver's “Flume,” Peter Gabriel taps Vernon and co. to do a cover of “Come Talk to Me.”
June 30, 2014: Bon Iver releases their first piece of new original music since 2011, “Heavenly Father.” It's taken from the soundtrack for Zach Braff's film Wish I Was Here.
July 8, 2015: Days before the inaugural Eaux Claires Music & Arts Festival, Vernon's co-curated festival with the National's Aaron Dessner, the Bon Iver frontman tells Grantland that there are no further plans to record music or play shows under the Bon Iver project. “I definitely care about the Bon Iver thing a lot, but it's kinda my thing and there's only so much time you can spend with yourself before you just become an asshole,” Vernon says. “We don't have anything booked after this. We don't have any plans. We're not being secretive—we just don't have any plans.” He goes on to say that the band “might play some new stuff” during their headlining set at Eaux Claires, but offers nothing concrete. Until...
July 19, 2015: Vernon makes good on his non-committal teasing, with Bon Iver debuting two new songs during their closing set at Eaux Claires.
Feburary 11, 2016: In an interview with Billboard, Vernon reveals that the project is “no longer winding down.” “The last few years have given me a lot of perspective. It's been valuable,” he says. “But I'd rather be busy, and I'd rather be engaged. I learned a lot of lessons. I learned a lot about what this stuff can do to people and how it can change how people set their priorities. I'm not interested in having my priorities all screwed up.”
May 5, 2016: Bon Iver and James Blake come together once again for “I Need a Forest Fire,” off Blake's third studio album The Colour in Anything. Vernon is the sole feature on the album, and one of only two co-writers alongside Blake. (The other is one Frank Ocean.)
June 9, 2016: In a tweet from his personal ‘blobtower' account, Vernon states that Bon Iver will be performing a set “made of new music” at this year's edition of Eaux Claires.
July 7, 2016: Francis and the Lights release the video for their song “Friends,” featuring Bon Iver and Kanye West. The video features Vernon hitting some pretty snazzy synchronized dance moves.
July 22, 2016: Bon Iver upload a mysterious video titled “#22days” to their YouTube channel, soundtracked by what is assumed to be a snippet of new music. In it, a voice sings, “It might be over soon.”
August 9, 2016: It is announced that Bon Iver will premiere their new album at Eaux Claires festival this Friday (August 12). No word on a title—though the new murals promoting the record also involve the number 22—or an official release date. Bon Iver currently have a small handful of tour dates scheduled this October.
August 13, 2016: Bon Iver announces their third studio album, 22, A Million. It's out September 30, over five years since the release of Bon Iver. While debuting the album live for the first time at Eaux Claires, they release share extended versions of the first two songs on the album. In a press release, 22, A Million is described as “a collection of sacred moments, love's torment and salvation, contexts of intense memories, signs that you can pin meaning onto or disregard as coincidence.”
CNN is learning the hard way that when you try to be nice to pro-Trump trolls, they do not reciprocate the gratitude.
On Wednesday, CNN tracked down the troll who created the GIF of President Donald Trump tackling an embodiment of "CNN" — in reality the CNN logo superimposed on the body of Vince McMahon during a wrestling match a decade ago. The tweet went viral when Trump retweeted it. CNN discovered that the user, HanAssholeSolo, also posted a slew of racist and anti-Semitic posts. The user was quick to apologize to other users on Reddit.
Advertisement:
"First of all, I would like to apologize to the members of the reddit community for getting this site and this sub embroiled in a controversy that should never have happened," the apology read. "I would also like to apologize for the posts made that were racist, bigoted, and anti-semitic. I am in no way this kind of person, I love and accept people of all walks of life and have done so for my entire life."
He added, "The meme was created purely as satire, it was not meant to be a call to violence against CNN or any other news affiliation."
HanAssholeSolo told CNN he was nervous about his identity being revealed, which led CNN to withhold his information because "he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology, showed his remorse by saying he has taken down all his offending posts, and because he said he is not going to repeat this ugly behavior on social media again. In addition, he said his statement could serve as an example to others not to do the same."
"CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change," wrote reporter Andrew Kaczynski.
Not surprisingly, this resulted in a wave of pseudo-outrage on the internet, culminating in the troll-y hashtag: #CNNBlackmail
It has also led to people claiming that CNN's act of kindness constituted literal illegal blackmail and that the troll is a 15-year-old boy ( he isn't ).
Surprising no one, Julian Assange chimed in.
I published a blog post at FreedomWorks on international corporate tax rates — and how far we've fallen behind everyone else.
The Tax Foundation has recently published a report that analyzes the tax policy of the thirty-four Organisation for Economic Development (OECD) member countries, which are more or less all of the advanced economies in the world. The results are jarring. The United States ranks 32 out of 34 in terms of the competitiveness of our taxation – only Portugal and the Socialist-led France rank lower than we do. The main factor in in this embarrassment is our bush league corporate tax rate. The Tax Foundation makes it clear: “The United States provides a good example of an uncompetitive tax code… The largest factors behind the United States' score are that the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world and that it is one of the six remaining countries in the OECD with a worldwide system of taxation.”
While the rest of the world has been reforming its tax codes, the United States has been left in the dust. The last major change in the US occurred in 1986, and since then, OECD average corporate tax rate has practically been cut in half. Corporations are leaving our shores, as Logan Albright pointed out, and our uncompetitive policies makes investment a bad idea in the first place.
I recently attended a class on estimation. While I believe in the value of estimating I am extremely wary of making too big of science out of something that is inherently imprecise. The course was two hours long which I found to be a perfect amount of time to remind everyone the process and benefits that go into estimation but without over analyzing and over thinking it.
The all too common example
How often do you see or have a conversation between a project manager and developer like this?
PM: "Can you give me an estimate of the time necessary to develop feature xyz?"
Programmer: "One month"
PM: "That's far too long, we've got only one week!"
Programmer: "I need at least three"
PM: "I can give you two at most"
Programmer: "Deal!"
Uh oh. What do you think is going to happen? If you find yourself in these situations take a quick look at the definitions and relationships of an estimate vs. target vs. commitment about halfway down this page here so you and your team can have more productive conversations in the future. It's a short couple of paragraphs.
Fortunately for my team we do not have too many of the above, ludicrous, conversations, so we didn't have to dwell on this topic.
A succinct graph that resulted in very different conclusions
During the training a graph was shown to us to stress the importance of having a precise estimate. I crudely reconstructed it in MS Paint for your viewing pleasure:
Graph adopted from McConnell, Steve, Software Estimation: Demystifying the Black Art
The point of this was to show that having a precise estimate is what you want to aim for. I disagree. In fact, I would argue that we should aim somewhere to the right of a 100% accurate estimate.
Why? Estimation is an inherently imprecise science. Though there are many, many ways (perhaps more than necessary) to become better at estimating, there will always be a cloud of uncertainty. I agree that to be 100% precise on every estimate is best on paper but in practice we'll never get there[1]
Not only that, but the cost of underestimating is huge. We went through some examples:
The project could fail (worst case scenario).
Late nights at the office
Stress and anxiety
The project could be delayed
The quality suffers
The cost increases
Customers get upset
The distinction between bounded and unbounded results is important. When people overestimate, the feature will still get done, just at the expense of wasted time. When people underestimate, it's possible that the feature will never get done.
Later in the training do you know what was cited as one of the reasons for errors in estimating?
Too much chaos in the project to derive accurate estimates.
Do you know what causes chaos in a project? Behind schedule projects! This sounds like a perfect recipe for disaster, and this phenomenon is known as a positive feedback loop (which despite its name, is not always a positive thing).
Another big takeaway in the estimation training was to always give a range. I'm not going to argue on the benefit/cost of doing that, but if you want more information, perhaps start here. As an example to my point, let's use a range to estimate a feature that turned out to be underestimated:
And an example where it turns out we overestimated:
The area under the curve[2] which represents effort, cost and schedule is drastically less when you overestimate than when you underestimate your features.
Again, I agree that 100% estimation accuracy is ideal, but the costs of being wrong are too high in practice.
How often is your team staying late? How often are projects running behind? This line buried in the middle of this scary, heart-wrenching article was especially poignant to me:
Per usual in software development, the project was behind schedule. It was no time for anyone on that team to be slacking off.
I hate this idea that's so pervasive in our industry. I reject this mentality. It's not fair for anyone that software projects are so "typically behind schedule".
With all these thoughts in mind[3][4], it seems to make the most sense to aim for precise estimation accuracy, but more importantly, err on overestimating.
Hate estimating? Love estimating? Do you think it's helpful or useless, or somewhere in between? There is plenty of discussion over here or in the comments section of this article (A preview: most developers don't like estimates at all, for many good reasons.)
Or leave a comment below.
[1]: There's plenty of discussion around the trade off between estimating / time it takes to estimate. My training instructor said that there are rapidly diminishing returns after estimating a feature more than three times.
[2]: Otherwise known as an integral in calculus
[3]: I also found this little fact in this article on estimating that states:
...developers already tend to be 20%-30% too optimistic [in estimating]
which I certainly believe anecdotally. In other words developers generally underestimate. Fog creek actually makes the case to ignore business needs in order to avoid falling into this trap of underestimating.
[4]: I am aware that if I consistently overestimate, and then my project manager takes that result and overestimates on top of that, and then her/his project coordinator takes that and overestimates that value, the final estimation can be drastically overestimated. I wonder if that's actually so bad in practice vs. the alternative.[5]
[5]: I propose that someone somewhere should inflate their estimates by some amount, and the developer is a good candidate since they're prone to underestimating.
NEW YORK, NY - MAY 15: Milo Ventimiglia of This Is Us attends the Entertainment Weekly and PEOPLE Upfronts party presented by Netflix and Terra Chips at Second Floor on May 15, 2017 in New York City. (Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Entertainment Weekly and PEOPLE )
This Is Us rewind recap: 5 things you might have missed in season 1, episode 17
This Is Us rewind recap: 5 things you might have missed in season 1, episode 17 by Reed Gaudens
Where to catch the cast of This Is Us during premiere week
Where to catch the cast of This Is Us during premiere week by Reed Gaudens
Crying dehydrates the body so please drink responsibly.
The Is Us season 2 premiere is almost here — Sept. 26 is just around the corner and after that, we'll have ten straight weeks of This Is Us / scheduled weekly group crying. It's going to be great and like all great pop cultural moments, it could maybe, sort of, probably, definitely use a drinking game. Just remember: Crying dehydrates the body so please drink responsibly.
As for what to drink, might we refer you to this handy season 2 premiere party planner? But if spiked egg cream all night sounds a little sickening — especially after you read the rules of the game — might we recommend a TV drinking classic: Wine! In addition to being a borderline meme on television itself, wine is an eminently good drinking game beverage. We're also taking recommendations for thematically-correct drink choices.
Without further ado, here is the official This Is Us Crying drinking game, for your responsible alcohol-consuming pleasure during the Is Us season 2 premiere.
Drink
When Rebecca inspires you
When Jack melts your cold, cynical heart
When you begrudgingly like Miguel
When Beth makes you laugh
When Randall is peak Dad
When Beth and Randall are #relationshipgoals
When you miss William
When Kate is the most relatable Pearson
When Toby is the voice of reason
When Kevin does something impulsive, but well-meaning
When you choke up but succeed at not shedding a tear
When 30 seconds later, you shed many tears
Finish your drink
If mom and dad are fighting
If someone does the Big Three chant
If you get what could be a clue, but it's probably just misdirection, to how Jack dies
If you run out of tissues
Finish the bottle
If you find out how Jack died
If the episode ends and you still don't know how Jack died
This Is Us season 2 premieres Tuesday, Sept. 26 at 9/8 central on NBC and every week thereafter.
TPC-DS big data benchmark overview – how to generate and load sample data
Ever wanted to benchmark your data warehouse and see how it stacks up against the competition? Ever wanted to have a point of reference which would give you industry-applicable and measurable set of metrics you could use to objectively quantify your data warehouse or decision support system's performance? And most importantly, have you ever considered which platform and vendor will provide you with the most bang for your buck setup?
Well, arguably one of the best way to find out is to simulate a suit of TPC-DS workloads (queries and data maintenance) against your target platform to obtain a representative evaluation of the System Under Test's (SUT) performance as a general-purpose decision support system. There are a few other data sets and methodologies that can be used to gauge data storage and processing system's performance e.g. TLC Trip Record Data released by the New York City Taxi & Limousine Commission has gained a lot of traction amongst big data specialists, however, TPC-approved benchmarks have long been considered as the most objective, vendor-agnostic way to perform data-specific hardware and software comparisons, capturing the complexity of modern business processing to a much greater extent than its predecessors.
In this post I will explore how to generate test data and test queries using dsdgen and dsqgen utilities on a Windows machine against the product supplier snowflake-type schema as well as how to load test data into the created database in order to run some or all of the 99 queries TPC-DS defines. I don't want to go too much into details as TPC already provides a very comprehensive overview of the database and schema it provides, along with detail description of constraints and assumptions. This post is more focused on how to generate the required components used to evaluate the target platform the database used to for TPC-DS data sets and data loading.
In this post I will be referring to TPC-DS version 2.5.0rc2, the most current version at the time of this post publication. The download link can be found on the consortium website. The key components used for system's evaluation using TPC-DS tools include the following:
Data generator called dsdgen used for data sets creation
Query generator called dsqgen used for creating benchmark query sets
Three SQL files called tpcds.sql, tpcds_source.sql and tpc_ri.sql which create a sample implementation of the logical schema for the data warehouse
There are other components present in the toolkit, however, for the sake of brevity I will not be discussing data maintained functionality, verification data, alternative query sets or verification queries in this post. Let's start with dsdgen tool – an executable used to create raw data sets in a form of files. The dsdgen solution supplied as part of the download needs to be complied before the use. For me it was as simple as firing up Microsoft Visual Studio, loading up dbgen2 solution and building the final executable. Once complied, the tool can be controlled from the command line by a combination of switches and environment variables assumed to be single flags preceded by a minus sign, optionally followed by an argument. In its simplest form of execution, it dsdgen can be called from Powershell e.g. I used the following combination of flags to generate the required data (1GB size) in a C:\TPCDSdata\SourceFiles\ folder location and to measure execution time.
Measure-Command {.\dsdgen /SCALE 1 /DIR C:\TPCDSdata\SourceFiles /FORCE /VERBOSE}
The captured output below shows that the execution time on my old Lenovo laptop (i7-4600U @ 2.1GHz, 12GB RAM, SSD HDD & Win10 Pro) was close to 10 minutes for 1GB of data generating sequentially.
The process can be sped up using PARALLEL flag which will engage multiple CPU cores, distributing workload across multiple processes. The VERBOSE parameter is pretty much self-explanatory – progress messages are displayed as the data is generated. FORCE flag overwrites previously created files. Finally, the scale parameter requires a little bit more explanation.
The TPC-DS benchmark defines a set of discrete scaling points – scale factors – based on the approximate size of the raw data produced by dsdgen. The set of scaling factors defined for the TPC-DS is 1TB, 3TB, 10TB, 30TB and 100TB where a terabyte (TB) is defined as 2 to the power of 40 bytes. The required row count for each permissible scale factor and each table in the test database is as follows.
Once the data has been generated, we can create a set of scripts used to simulate reporting/analytical business scenarios using another tool in the TPC-DS arsenal – dsqgen. As with the previous executable, dsqgen runs off the command line. Passing applicable query template (in this case Microsoft SQL Server specific), it creates a single SQL file containing queries used across a multitude of scenarios e.g. reporting queries, ad hoc queries, interactive OLAP queries as well as data mining queries. I used the following command to generate the SQL scripts file.
dsqgen /input .\query_templates\templates.lst /directory .\query_templates /dialect sqlserver /scale 1
Before I get to how the data loading script and schema overview, a quick mention of the final set of SQL scripts, tpcds.sql file, which create a sample implementation of the logical schema for the data warehouse. This file contains the necessary DDLs so running those on the environment of your choice should be executed before generated data is loaded into the data warehouse. Also, since the data/files generated by dsdgen utility come with a *.dat extension, it may be worthwhile to do some cleaning up before the target schema is populated. The following butchered Python script converts all *.dat files into *.csv files and breaks up some of the larger ones into a collection of smaller ones suffixed in an orderly fashion i.e. filename_1, filename_2, filename_3 etc. based on the values set for some of the variables declared at the start. This step is entirely optional but I found that some system utilities used for data loading find it difficult to deal with large files e.g. scaling factor greater than 100GB. Splitting a large file into a collection of smaller ones may be an easy loading speed optimisation technique, especially if the process can be parallelized.
from os import listdir, rename, remove, path, walk from shutil import copy2, move from csv import reader, writer import pyodbc import win32file as win from tqdm import platform as p srcFilesLocation = path.normpath('C:/TPCDSdata/SourceFiles/') srcCSVFilesLocation = path.normpath('C:/TPCDSdata/SourceCSVFiles/') tgtFilesLocation = path.normpath('C:/TPCDSdata/TargetFiles/') delimiter = '|' keepSrcFiles = True keepSrcCSVFiles = True rowLimit = 2000000 outputNameTemplate = '_%s.csv' keepHeaders = False def getSize(start_path): total_size = 0 for dirpath, dirnames, filenames in walk(start_path): for f in filenames: fp = path.join(dirpath, f) total_size += path.getsize(fp) return total_size def freeSpace(start_path): secsPerClus, bytesPerSec, nFreeClus, totClus = win.GetDiskFreeSpace(start_path) return secsPerClus * bytesPerSec * nFreeClus def removeFiles(DirPath): filelist = [ f for f in listdir(DirPath)] for f in filelist: remove(path.join(DirPath, f)) def SplitAndMoveLargeFiles(file, rowCount, srcCSVFilesLocation, outputNameTemplate, keepHeaders=False): filehandler = open(path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation, file), 'r') csv_reader = reader(filehandler, delimiter=delimiter) current_piece = 1 current_out_path = path.join(tgtFilesLocation, path.splitext(file)[0]+outputNameTemplate % current_piece) current_out_writer = writer(open(current_out_path, 'w', newline=''), delimiter=delimiter) current_limit = rowLimit if keepHeaders: headers = next(csv_reader) current_out_writer.writerow(headers) pbar=tqdm(total=rowCount) for i, row in enumerate(csv_reader): pbar.update() if i + 1 > current_limit: current_piece += 1 current_limit = rowLimit * current_piece current_out_path = path.join(tgtFilesLocation, path.splitext(file)[0]+outputNameTemplate % current_piece) current_out_writer = writer(open(current_out_path, 'w', newline=''), delimiter=delimiter) if keepHeaders: current_out_writer.writerow(headers) current_out_writer.writerow(row) pbar.close() def SourceFilesRename(srcFilesLocation, srcCSVFilesLocation): srcDirSize = getSize(srcFilesLocation) diskSize = freeSpace(srcFilesLocation) removeFiles(srcCSVFilesLocation) for file in listdir(srcFilesLocation): if file.endswith(".dat"): if keepSrcFiles: if srcDirSize >= diskSize: print ('''Not enough space on the nominated disk to duplicate the files (you nominated to keep source files as they were generated i.e. with the .dat extension). Current source files directory size is {} MB. At least {} MB required to continue. Bailing out...''' .format(round(srcDirSize/1024/1024,2), round(2*srcDirSize/1024/1024),2)) exit(1) else: copy2(path.join(srcFilesLocation , file), srcCSVFilesLocation) rename(path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation , file), path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation , file[:-4]+'.csv')) else: move(srcFilesLocation + file, srcCSVFilesLocation) rename(path.join(srcCVSFilesLocation , file), path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation , file[:-4]+'.csv')) def ProcessLargeFiles(srcCSVFilesLocation,outputNameTemplate,rowLimit): fileRowCounts = [] for file in listdir(srcCSVFilesLocation): if file.endswith(".csv"): fileRowCounts.append([file,sum(1 for line in open(path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation , file), newline=''))]) removeFiles(tgtFilesLocation) for file in fileRowCounts: if file[1]>rowLimit: print("Processing File:", file[0],) print("Measured Row Count:", file[1]) SplitAndMoveLargeFiles(file[0], file[1], srcCSVFilesLocation, outputNameTemplate) else: #print(path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation,file[0])) move(path.join(srcCSVFilesLocation, file[0]), tgtFilesLocation) removeFiles(srcCSVFilesLocation) if __name__ == "__main__": SourceFilesRename(srcFilesLocation, srcCSVFilesLocation) ProcessLargeFiles(srcCSVFilesLocation, outputNameTemplate, rowLimit)
The following screenshot demonstrates execution output when the file is run in Powershell. Since there were only two tables with the record count greater than the threshold set in the rowLimit variable i.e. 2000000 rows, only those two tables get broken up into smaller chunks.
Once the necessary data files have been created and the data warehouse is prepped for loading we can proceed to load the data. Depending on the volume of data, which in case of TPC-DS directly correlates with the scaling factor used when running dsdgen utility, a number of different methods can be used to populate the schema. Looking at Microsoft SQL Server as a test platform, the most straightforward approach would be to use BCP utility. The following Python script executes bulk copy program utility across many cores/CPUs to load the data created in the previous step (persisted in C:\TPCSdata\TargetFiles\ directory). The script utilises python's multiprocessing library to make the most out of the resources available.
from multiprocessing import Pool, cpu_count from os import listdir,path, getpid,system import argparse odbcDriver = '{ODBC Driver 13 for SQL Server}' parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(description='TPC-DS Data Loading Scriptby bicortex.com') parser.add_argument('-S','--svrinstance', help='Server and Instance Name of the MSSQL installation', required=True) parser.add_argument('-D','--db', help='Database Name', required=True) parser.add_argument('-U','--username', help='User Name', required=True) parser.add_argument('-P','--password', help='Autenticating Password', required=True) parser.add_argument('-L','--filespath', help='UNC path where the files are located', required=True) args = parser.parse_args() if not args.svrinstance or not args.db or not args.username or not args.password or not args.filespath: parser.print_help() exit(1) def loadFiles(tableName, fileName): print("Loading from CPU: %s" % getpid()) fullPath = path.join(args.filespath, fileName) bcp = 'bcp %s in %s -S %s -d %s -U %s -P %s -q -c -t "|" -r"|\
"' % (tableName, fullPath, args.svrinstance, args.db, args.username, args.password) #bcp store_sales in c:\TPCDSdata\TargetFiles\store_sales_1.csv -S <servername>\<instancename> -d <dbname> -U <username> -P <password> -q -c -t "|" -r "|
" print(bcp) system(bcp) print("Done loading data from CPU: %s" % getpid()) if __name__ == "__main__": p = Pool(processes = 2*cpu_count()) for file in listdir(args.filespath): if file.endswith(".csv"): tableName = ''.join([i for i in path.splitext(file)[0] if not i.isdigit()]).rstrip('_') p.apply_async(loadFiles, [tableName, file]) p.close() p.join()
The following screenshot (you can also see data load sample execution video HERE) depicts the Python script loading 10GB of data, with some files generated by dsdgen utility further split up into smaller chunks by the the split_files.py script. The data was loaded into a Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Enterprise instance running on Azure virtual machine with 20 virtual cores (Intel E5-2673 v3 @ 2.40GHz) and 140GB of memory. Apart from the fact that it's very satisfying to watch 20 cores being put to work simultaneously, spawning multiple BCP instances significantly reduces data load times, even when accounting for locking and contention.
I have not bothered to test the actual load times as SQL Server has a number of knobs and switches which can be used to adjust and optimise system's performance. For example, in-memory optimised tables, introduced in SQL Server 2014, store their data in memory using multiple versions of each row's data. This technique is characterised as ‘non-blocking multi-version optimistic concurrency control' and eliminates both locks and latches so a separate post may be in order to do justice to this feature and conduct a full performance analysis in a fair and unbiased manner.
So there you go – a fairly rudimentary rundown of some of the features of TPC-DS benchmark. For more detailed overview of TPC-DS please refer to the TPC website and their online resources HERE.
http://scuttle.org/bookmarks.php/pass?action=add
Posted in: Azure, How To be, Programming, SQL Server
At least 40 people are reported killed and more than 100 others injured in a twin bomb attack in the Gharbi neighborhood of the Kurdish city of Qamishli in Syrian Kurdistan (Rojava), according to Syrian state TV.
The bombing is said to have targeted a neighborhood that is home to offices of the Democratic Union Party (PYD) and some of the autonomous ministerial buildings.
Initial reports say that among the casualties are civilians and members of the security forces.
In a message Kurdistan Region President Masoud Barzani condemned the “savage terrorist attack and sent condolences to the families of the victims.
“I am deeply saddened by today's terrorist attack against our brothers and sisters in Qamishli in Western Kurdistan,” said Barzani.
Barzani called on the authorities and health officials in Duhok province that borders Rojava “to help the victims of the Qamishli terrorist attack to the best of their capacity,"
More to follow
Barack Obama's legacy is being systematically unraveled even before he leaves office, with The Wall Street Journal scoffing that he “has been a historic president but perhaps not a consequential one.”
Historians will also note that the Democratic Party is in far worse shape today than when Obama took office: It has lost its House and Senate majorities, as well as 13 governorships and more than 900 state legislative seats.
More broadly, the sunny Obama optimism of “Yes, we can” has faded into a rancorous miasma of distrust and dysfunction. One example of that rancor is unfolding at the Woodmont Country Club outside Washington, where hawkish pro-Israeli members are campaigning to deny Obama membership — even though there's no official indication he will even apply.
Yet here's my prediction: America and the world will soon be craving that Obama Cool again.
Voters are fickle and promiscuous, suffering an eight-year itch for a fling with someone who is the opposite of their last infatuation. Sick of Bill Clinton, we turned to a Texas governor who was utterly different. Eight years later, weary of George W. Bush, we elected his polar opposite, a liberal black law professor. And now we've elected Obama's antipode.
As the federal NDP grapples with its future, a new poll by EKOS Research suggests 68 per cent of Canadians across the political spectrum do see a role for the party in the country's political landscape.
The NDP lost its official opposition status in the fall election and sank back to third place despite an early lead in the polls.
At its convention in Edmonton earlier this month — where 52 per cent of delegates voted to replace leader Tom Mulcair — the more leftist elements of the party succeeded in securing a two-year debate on the controversial Leap Manifesto, a 1,300-word document whose call for a rapid halt to fossil fuel development has divided the federal and Alberta wings of the party.
In the new poll, EKOS asked 1,176 adult Canadians whether they think there is still a role for the NDP in Canadian politics, and the results indicate that among supporters of all five political parties, there is a consensus that the party still has an important role to play – but not necessarily on what that role is.
According to the poll, which has a margin of error of 2.9 per cent, 19 times out of 20, 54 per cent of those surveyed who identified as Conservative supporters see an important role for the NDP compared to 78 per cent of Liberals, 83 per cent of Green voters and 95 per cent of Bloc voters.
Among NDP supporters surveyed, 81 per cent say their party still has an important role to play.
The poll was conducted on April 14 and 15, 2016.
The Leap Manifesto, generated by a group of social activists and most prominently backed by married contributors bestselling author Naomi Klein and documentary producer Avi Lewis, proposes weaning Canada off fossil fuels by 2050, letting communities rather than companies control energy sources, cutting military spending, jacking taxes on the wealthy and corporations, and ending trade deals that “Interfere with our attempts to rebuild local economies, regulate corporations and stop damaging extractive projects.”
The manifesto has been panned by many as too radical, with Environment Minister Catherine McKenna calling it “not helpful,” and the EKOS survey indicates Canadians may be split on their assessment of the document.
Just over half, or 56 per cent, of respondents say they are aware or vaguely aware of the manifesto but when asked whether they support the document, 40 per cent say no and 40 per cent say yes.
Another nineteen per cent say they neither support nor oppose it.
When the data are broken down along party lines, 67 per cent of Conservative supporters say they do not support the document while 50 per cent of Liberals say they support it, 59 per cent of Green voters do, and 54 per cent of NDP voters.
Forty-six per cent of Bloc voters said they support the document.
ABOUT 6% of the electricity generated in America is used to power air-conditioning systems that cool homes and offices. As countries such as Brazil, China and India grow richer, they will surely do likewise. Not only is that expensive for customers, it also raises emissions of greenhouse gases in the form both of carbon dioxide from burning power-station fuel and of the hydrofluorocarbons air conditioners use as refrigerants.
As they describe in a paper in this week's Science, Ronggui Yang and Xiaobo Yin of the University of Colorado, in Boulder, have a possible alternative to all this. They have invented a film that can cool buildings without the use of refrigerants and, remarkably, without drawing any power to do so. Better yet, this film can be made using standard roll-to-roll manufacturing methods at a cost of around 50 cents a square metre.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The new film works by a process called radiative cooling. This takes advantage of that fact that Earth's atmosphere allows certain wavelengths of heat-carrying infrared radiation to escape into space unimpeded. Convert unwanted heat into infrared of the correct wavelength, then, and you can dump it into the cosmos with no come back.
Dr Yang and Dr Yin are not the first to try to cool buildings in this way. Shanhui Fan and his colleagues at Stanford University, in California, demonstrated a device that used the principle in 2014. Their material, though, consisted of seven alternating layers of hafnium dioxide and silicon dioxide of varying thicknesses, laid onto a wafer made of silicon. This would be difficult and expensive to manufacture in bulk.
Dr Yang's and Dr Yin's film, by contrast, was made of polymethylpentene, a commercially available, transparent plastic sold under the brand name TPX. Into this they mixed tiny glass beads. They then drew the result out into sheets about 50 millionths of a metre (microns) thick, and silvered those sheets on one side. When laid out on a roof, the silver side is underneath. Incident sunlight is thus reflected back through the plastic, which stops it heating the building below.
Preventing something warming up is not, though, the same as cooling it. The key to doing this is the glass beads. Temperature maintenance is not a static process. All objects both absorb and emit heat all the time, and the emissions are generally in the form of infrared radiation. In the case of the beads, the wavelength of this radiation is determined by their diameter. Handily, those with a diameter of about eight microns emit predominantly at wavelengths which pass straight through the infrared “window” in the atmosphere. Since the source of the heat that turns into this infrared is, in part, the building below, the effect is to cool the building.
That cooling effect, 93 watts per square metre in direct sunlight, and more at night, is potent. The team estimates that 20 square metres of their film, placed atop an average American house, would be enough to keep the internal temperature at 20°C on a day when it was 37°C outside.
To regulate the amount of cooling, any practical system involving the film would probably need water pipes to carry heat to it from the building's interior. Manipulating the flow rate through these pipes as the outside temperature varied would keep the building's temperature steady. Unlike the cooling system itself, these pumps would need power to operate. But not much of it. Other than that, all the work is done by the huge temperature difference, about 290°C, between the surface of the Earth and that of outer space.
In April I wrote a column about the secretive habits of three large police departments in Virginia's Washington, D.C., suburbs: Fairfax County, Alexandria, and Arlington. As Connection Newspapers reporter Michael Pope showed in a series of reports that began in March, they are among the least transparent departments in the country, having interpreted Virginia's Freedom of Information Act in a way that allows them to turn down nearly all requests for information.
Recently there have been a couple of attempts to make Virginia's law enforcement agencies more transparent. As I reported in June, Nicholas Beltrante, an 82-year-old former cop and Navy medic, started the Virginia Citizens Coalition for Police Accountability. And in January, state Sen. John Edwards (D-Roanoke) introduced a bill that would force police to turn over public records in cases where the investigation has been completed.
Michael Pope's initial attempts to obtain information, even about mundane cases or arrests the department itself was highlighting in press releases, met with astonishing disdain. Police were not only stingy with information; they were smug and arrogant about it. When asked why she couldn't release the name of a Virginia police officer who shot and killed an unarmed man last November, Fairfax County police spokeswoman Mary Ann Jennings replied, "What does the name of an officer give the public in terms of information and disclosure? I'd be curious to know why they want the name of an officer."
After Pope's first article on the lack of disclosure, Alexandria Commonwealth's Attorney Randolph Sengel, the city's elected chief prosecutor, responded with a sneering, condescending letter to the editor brimming with contempt for outsiders who try to hold law enforcement agencies accountable. "Last time I checked there were multiple safeguards in place to assure the integrity of the criminal justice system," Sengel wrote. "Conscientious and dedicated judges, prosecutors, public defenders, and law enforcement officers work in a system which is as transparent as it needs to be...The sacred 'right of the public to know' is still (barely) governed by standards of reasonableness and civility."
Meanwhile, the elected officials who are supposed to oversee law enforcement in these jurisdictions told Pope they saw nothing wrong with all the secrecy. "I am in the corner of trusting our police department," said Arlington County Board Member Barbara Favola.
Sen. Edwards' bill—which was considered by the Virginia Freedom of Information Advisory Council, a state agency that advises lawmakers and government officials, at a hearing last week—is a partial response to such attitudes. If enacted, it would make Virginia's police departments a bit more transparent, although they would still have the power to routinely deny requests for information about open cases.
In response to fierce opposition from law enforcement, Edwards amended his bill to require that people seeking information about closed cases ask a judge for an order requiring police departments to turn over public documents. But as Pope reported this week, the change did not appease the bill's opponents. Instead of requiring police departments to provide a compelling reason for withholding public records, the latest compromise plan would put the burden on the petitioner to convince a judge that the records should be released. Even that isn't enough for the bill's critics, who prefer that police departments have complete discretion to withhold department records.
Pope reported that "police chiefs, prosecutors, and sheriffs from across Virginia" spoke against Edwards' bill" at last week's hearing, complaining that "incident reports were raw and unedited documents full of accusations and opinions that would reveal police operations to criminals." They also warned that releasing such documents would "create a chilling effect on victims and witnesses," discouraging them from "coming forward to share information." These worries are red herrings. Nearly every other police department in the country releases police reports to the public without compromising investigations, public safety, or the security of witnesses. Sensitive information such as the identity of police informants or the names of witnesses can be redacted.
The real motive for the current policy seems to be preventing watchdogs and journalists from scrutinizing police reports for accuracy and consistency or examining the history, training, and temperament of officers who are involved in shootings. Consider the case of Jonathan Ayers, a pastor killed by undercover narcotics officers during a botched drug sting in Lavonia, Georgia, last year. Ayers, who was counseling a prostitute and low-level drug offender, was unarmed, had no drugs on him, and appears to have done nothing wrong. An internal investigation and a Georgia Bureau of Investigation inquiry cleared the officers involved in Ayers' death of any wrongdoing. But months later, a local TV station and attorneys for Ayers' widow discovered that Billy Shane Harrison, the officer who killed Ayers, not only hadn't received proper training in the use of lethal force but wasn't legally permitted to carry his service weapon. In fact, under state law, he wasn't even permitted to be a police officer. If Harrison had killed Ayers in Virginia, we might still not know his name, much less that he had no business wearing a badge that day.
Alexandria Commonwealth's Attorney Sengel, who insists the criminal justice system does fine on its own without intrusion by nosy outsiders, attended last week's hearing on Edwards' bill to reiterate his opposition to greater transparency. "Other than people out there who want to write books like Truman Capote, I don't think we've heard a compelling need for this," Sengel said, according to Pope's report on the hearing. "It's designed to address a problem that really doesn't exist, and it would create a situation that's much worse than what we have today."
We could just take Sengel's word for it. But the truth is that we don't know if there are problems inside Northern Virginia's police departments, because Northern Virginia's police departments refuse to release any information to the public. When Sengel investigates a business in Alexandria for fraud, he doesn't let its executives off the hook as long as they give him their word that everything is on the up and up. Yet Sengel would have us believe that law enforcement officials are incapable of corruption, collusion, and deceit—because they (and he) say so.
Law enforcement officials are as fallible as the rest of us. The major difference between them and us is that they are entrusted with the most direct and dramatic power we give the government: the power to arrest, to detain, and to kill. Their failures can rob people of their freedom or their lives. That's more than enough reason to hold them at least as accountable as any other government official. And it's more than enough reason to take back their power, their office, and their paycheck when they refuse to make themselves answerable to the people they serve.
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason.
Look at the open second-floor window between shutters in this photograph, and you will see two little boys. President Theodore Roosevelt's widow, Edith, identified one of them as her husband at the age of 6, looking down from his grandfather's Union Square mansion onto the coffin of the assassinated Abraham Lincoln on Broadway in New York in April 1865.
The remains of the president were being paraded past silent crowds, to the sound of pipes and muffled drums, through the boulevards of major cities between Washington and his resting place in Springfield, Ill.
“Yes, I think that is my husband, and next to him his brother,” Edith Carow Roosevelt told the photojournalist Stefan Lorant. She recalled that at the age of 3, she had joined her future husband and his brother, Elliott, at the open window, but that when she saw “all the black drapings,” she started to weep: “They didn't like me crying. They took me and locked me in a back room.”
For Theodore Roosevelt's family, Lincoln's cortege was no abstract public ceremony. During the Civil War, Mary and Abraham Lincoln had befriended and gone to church with T.R.'s father. As president, Theodore told friends that Lincoln was “my great hero” and that he meant “more to me than any other of our public men.” Noting a Lincoln portrait he had hung on his office wall in the White House, he said, “I look up to that picture, and I do as I believe Lincoln would have done.”
If you've been following SBN Hockey's network-wide mock draft, you know that the Caps are on the clock... which means we're on the clock for them.
Last year, we selected J.T. Compher with the 23rd pick (in reality, he went to Buffalo with the 35th pick; Caps' pick Andre Burakovsky had already gone to San Jose with the 20th pick).
Two years ago, we had two picks, at 11th and 16th overall. With that 11th pick, we selected Zemgus Girgensons (Caps pick Filip Forsberg went second overall; Girgensons was selected 14th in the actual draft by Buffalo), and with the 16th pick we took Pontus Åberg, in part for that cool thing over the "A" in his name (Caps pick Tom Wilson went to New Jersey with the penultimate pick of the first round; Åberg slipped to 37th in reality, where Nashville snatched him up).
Three years ago, drafting in the 26th slot, we selected Scott Mayfield (he ended up going to the Islanders with the 34th pick in the actual draft, and the Caps, of course, traded the 26th pick to Chicago in exchange for Troy Brouwer; the Blackhawks drafted Phillip Danault with the pick).
Four years ago, also drafting 26th overall, we took Brock Nelson (he ended up going to the Isles at 30th in the real draft; Caps pick Evgeny Kuznetsov was off the board already).
This time around, we're pleased to select... from Swift Current of the WHL, defenseman Julius Honka. (CSN Philly's Russ Cohen and NHL.com's Mike Morreale are on board).
Rankings: CSS (11 NA), ISS (40), Button (18), Hockey News (17), McKeen's (20), Pronman (29)
Here's his draft profile:
McKeen's (go buy their guide - it's great) ranks Honka as the top offensive defenseman in the draft and notes:
When you come across a defensive prospect with speed, agility, heady passing and a lethal shot, you have a potential NHL power play quarterback. "He's an elite offensive defenceman," noted one scout who has Julius Honka ranked in his top 20. "He controls play with his elusiveness, mobility and puck skills." Honka made a seamless adjustment to the North American game, leading all rookie WHL defencemen is scoring this season.
They go on to profile him a bit more in-depth:
A stand out performance at the 2012-13 World U18 Championships helped Finland capture a bronze medal and followed that up with a gold medal performance at this year's WJC .. delivered an immediate impact for the Broncos establishing himself from the beginning of the season as their most skilled blue liner .. smooth, talented skater with effortless and elegant figure-skater quality blade work .. light on his feet and stable, reaches top speed within two strides – skating is very natural and effortless .. can be a casual puck carrier but will suddenly pick up the pace once he realizes he can generate a scoring opportunity .. makes plays all in one swooping motion without breaking stride .. first passes can be too cute at times .. accurate shooter with a lethal one timer .. lacks the body strength to make much of an impact when he initiates contact; more of a finesse defender who relies on his skills and game-reading .. Honka needs to adopt a safer style of play .. a weakness exposed at the Top Prospects game with a handful of careless give aways .. named to the WHL 2nd All star team owns the athleticism and skill to thrive .. playing with controlled intensity would round out his game.
Speaking of in-depth, ISS breaks Honka down (click to enlarge, and, again, go buy their guide - it's unreal):
ESPN's Corey Pronman has this to say about the young Finn:
Honka hit the ground running in his first season in North America, looking substantially better as a prospect than when he played in Europe. The factor that's really elevated his play has been his improvement defensively, which has allowed him to be leaned on more in tough minutes (and will be pivotal to his having a big role in the NHL). His physical game remains a major liability, as he's small (5-11, 174 pounds), not that strong, and not an intimidating guy when contact is initiated. Overall, he can play a risky style of game, but most of the time he doesn't get caught and knows how to make the most of his offensive gifts without giving up too much on the back end.
Much more on Honka:
So that's our pick, an offensive-minded defenseman who might be a bit of a reach - in reality, we might have played it safer here and gone with Haydn Fleury (a popular pick for the Caps), but it's a mock draft so let's swing for the fences. As D'ohboy said in our hypothetical GM interview post:
The old saying was, "you can't teach size." I prefer, "you can't teach speed and smarts." The guys who stand out in the NHL - Crosby, Doughty, Toews, Kane, Datsyuk - can all skate and think the game.
This is where the game is, and it's not going to change any time soon - if you don't have puck-movers on the back-end, it's hard to win games.
Welcome to the organization, Julius Honka.
Story highlights Current count: 27 Republicans against the bill; 4 likely against
(CNN) The House Republican bill to repeal Obamacare hangs in a delicate balance as concerned GOP lawmakers publicly come out to express their opposition to the legislation.
The bill needs a simple majority -- or 216 -- to be approved in the House. With no Democrats expected to support the proposal in its current form, House Speaker Paul Ryan can afford to lose no more than 21 Republicans
According to CNN's ongoing whip count, 27 House Republicans have flat-out said they will vote against the current version of the bill, while 4 more have indicated they are likely to oppose it. That's 31 lawmakers opposed to or leaning against the bill.
The following whip count continues to be updated as news develops.
No
Holy crap! A two-hour video breakdown of every judo nage-waza (throwing technique) in the gokyo no waza and shimmeisho no waza. 68 judo takedowns in all! And it was put together by the Kodokan Judo Institute, the International Judo Federation (IJF), and the Japan Judo Federation so it's the real thing. It was passed on to me by one of my longtime Dynamic MMA training partners, who Twitter types may know as JiuJitsuDude.
Note: Since I posted this article, the video that it was based on has been removed because of copyright infringement. I'm looking for a new source of the video.
A Two-Hour Journey into Judo Nage-waza (Throwing Techniques)
Almost everyone has seen the classic judo throws like ippon seoinage (shoulder throw), ogoshi (hip throw), tomoenage (Captain Kirk), morote gari (double leg), ura nage (suplex), and koshi guruma (head and arm throw), even if they don't know the name. But this video goes deep – 68 throws is a lot of ways to put your opponent onto their back. And they're all shown in detail.
We all know about the historical and technical connection between Brazilian jiu-jitsu and judo, so this video should be of interest to any avid BJJ student. For those of you who've read Dave Camarillo's Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu book, this video makes a perfect complement.
It starts with a quick history (~2 minutes) of how Kodokan judo was put together by Jigoro Kano and then gets right down to business, moving systematically through the judo syllabus from te-waza (hand throwing techniques), to koshi-waza (hip throwing techniques, to my favourites – ashi-waza (leg throwing techniques), to the ma-sutemi-waza (back sacrifice throws), and finally to the yoko-sutemi-waza (side sacrifice throws). They even demonstrate two throwing techniques that are prohibited in judo competition (but which are both legal in Brazilian jiu-jitsu competition, as far as I know).
Judo Throws Used in Combination and as Counterattacks
This is not just a video of two judokas rehearsing Kodokan judo's nage-no-kata, with each judo throw being shown in its traditional form. Each throwing technique is also shown with multiple variations, from different angles, and with freeze-frame close ups to highlight specific technical details. Many of throws are also shown in a form that works as a follow-up to your initial attack, or as a counter to your opponent's entry.
Classical Judo Throws Modified for Competition
Most of the techniques are also accompanied by footage from international judo competition to show how judo throws work at high levels against world-class opponents who are trying their hardest not to be thrown. This is a vital addition because the competition-effective version of a judo throw usually looks very different from the classical form.
At one hour and 50 minutes, this is almost absurdly long for a Youtube video, but it's worth the time. And just because I'm a nice guy, I've time logged the video so that you can easily find the throws you want to see. There are some gems to look out for here too, particularly the grainy footage of judo originals Jigoro Kano and Kyuzo Mifune demonstrating their favourite throws.
Te-waza (hand throwing techniques)
Judo throws where the arms provide the primary force.
2:35 Seoi-nage – shoulder throw
3:58 Ippon-seoi-nage – one-point shoulder throw
5:58 Seoi-otoshi – shoulder drop
7:32 Tai-otoshi – body drop
10:17 Kataguruma – shoulder wheel (fireman's carry)
12:33 Uki-otoshi – floating drop (demonstrated by Kyuzo Mifune)
14:03 Sumi-otoshi – corner drop
16:02 Sukui-nage / te-guruma – scooping throw / hand wheel
18:11 Obi-otoshi – belt drop
19:08 Morote-gari – two-hand reap (double-leg takedown)
20:51 Kuchiki-taoishi – one-hand drop
23:39 Kibisu-gaeshi – heel trip
26:22 Kouchi-gaeshi – small inside trip counter
27:55 Uchimata-sukashi – inner thigh reaping throw slip
29:34 Yama-arashi – mountain storm (judo legend Shiro Saigo's “hammer” so to speak)
31:13 Obi-tori-gaeshi – belt grab counter
Koshi-waza (hip throwing techniques)
Judo throwing techniques where the hips act as the fulcrum of the throw.
32:07 Ogoshi – big hip
33:46 Uki-goshi – floating hip (demonstrated by Jigoro Kano)
35:10 Tsuri-goshi – lifting hip
36:10 Tsuri-komi-goshi – lifting pulling hip
37:34 Sode-tsuri-komi-goshi – sleeve lifting pulling hip
39:39 Koshi-guruma – Hip wheel (head and arm throw)
40:40 Harai-goshi – swinging hip
42:26 Hane-goshi – springing hip
44:15 Utsuri-goshi – hip shift
45:30 Ushiro-goshi – back hip
Ashi-waza (foot throwing techniques)
Judo takedowns where the feet and legs are used as the main weapon.
47:25 Hiza-guruma – knee wheel
48:41 Sasae-tsuri-komi-ashi – supporting lifting pulling foot
50:35 Harai-tsuri-komi-ashi – sweeping lifting pulling foot
52:37 Deashi-harai – advancing foot sweep
54:37 Okuri-ashi-harai – sliding foot sweep
56:02 Tsubame-gaeshi – swallow counter
57:00 Kosoto-gari – small outside reap
58:12 Kosoto-gake – small outside hook
1:00:36 Osoto-gari – large outside reap
1:02:41 Osoto-otoshi – large outside drop
1:04:02 Osoto-guruma – large outside wheel
1:05:10 Osoto-gaeshi – large outside counter
1:06:41 Oguruma – large wheel – (demonstrated by Kyuzo Mifune)
1:07:38 Ashi-guruma – foot wheel
1:08:53 Uchimata – inner thigh reap
1:11:43 Uchimata-gaeshi – inner thigh reap counter
1:12:15 Ouchi-gari – large inside reap
1:14:08 Ouchi-gaeshi – large inside counter
1:16:19 Kouchi-gari – small inside reap
1:18:13 Hane-goshi-gaeshi – springing hip counter
1:19:22 Harai-goshi-gaeshi – swinging hip counter
Ma-sutemi-waza (back sacrifice throwing techniques)
Throws where tori lands on his/her back in the process of throwing uke.
1:20:46 Tomoe-nage – circle throw
1:22:39 Ura-nage – back throw (suplex)
1:24:28 Sumi-gaeshi – corner counter
1:25:59 Hikikomi-gaeshi – pulling in counter
1:27:25 Tawara-gaeshi – bale counter
Yoko-sutemi-waza (side sacrifice throwing techniques)
Takedowns where the thrower lands on their side.
1:28:30 Uki-waza – floating throw
1:30:18 Yoko-otoshi – side drop
1:31:12 Tani-otoshi – valley drop
1:33:47 Yoko-wakare – side separation
1:34:56 Yoko-gake – side hook
1:35:56 Daki-wakare – high separation
1:36:56 Yoko-guruma – side wheel
1:38:02 Soto-makikomi – outer wraparound
1:39:47 Uchi-makikomi – inner wraparound
1:41:26 Hane-makikomi – springing wraparound
1:42:38 Harai-makikomi – swinging wraparound
1:44:18 Kouchi-makikomi – small inside wraparound
1:45:15 Uchimata-makikomi – inside thigh wraparound
1:46:44 Osoto-makikomi – large outside wraparound
Prohibited throwing techniques
These throws have been removed from judo competition because they both present a greater risk of injuring your opponent.
1:48:22 Kani-basami – crab scissors
1:49:00 Kawazu-gake – one leg entanglement
Building a Judo Takedown Game = Long-Term Project
Don't be overwhelmed by all of this; 68 throws is way more than you need to know unless you're planning to test for your judo black belt. Even the best international competitors stick to a handful of throws, so follow their example. Pick a few throws that work for your physical attributes (ie. shorter, stocky people often develop strong koshi-waza) and learn them inside out. Learn some throwing techniques that complement your primary throws (ie. uchimata is an excellent follow-up for ouchigari). Keep building forever by continually honing your core throws and learning new ones as needed to fill holes.
Advertisements
Tucked into the corner of my freezer shelf, beside the orange-juice concentrate and coffee beans, is my son Noah's placenta. He's 1 1/2 now, which means the placenta has been there for as long as the freezer-burned lasagnas we stuffed in there to prepare for his arrival. A long time.
Columnist Catherine Porter's son Noah Burt, now 1 1/2, enjoys a cupcake at a birthday party last month. Such culinary delights were sadly unavailable in utero. ( PHOTO COURTESY KATE THURSTON )
It is the size of a large Florida grapefruit, but it's red, and wrapped in blue plastic that looks nauseatingly like the stuff that lines the Styrofoam tray beneath the chicken pieces at Sobey's. I'm shocked every time I reach in for a frozen bagel and confront it. I shut the door quickly. What the hell are we going to do with it? I had a loose plan for Noah's arrival. It involved a hospital room, a midwife and as little medical equipment as possible. We had converted the study into a bedroom, dug out the infant car seat from the basement and bought the requisite "I Am a Big Sister" T-shirt for soon-to-be-enraged child No. 1.
Article Continued Below
None of this involved a placenta. But there I was, in the hospital room, holding my new 10-pounder, when the midwife – the woman I had vowed to love forever moments earlier upon hearing her gentle, firm voice telling me I was one push away from meeting my baby and ending the pain – gave me a "tour of my placenta." I have it on video. She stretched it out like a pancake, pointing out the beefy cotyledons that had been attached to my uterus moments earlier, feeding nutrients through darkened veins that stretched toward a giant white rope – the umbilical cord. "Some people call it the tree of life," she said. "And your baby is the life." "Do you want to take it home?"
How could I say no? It would be like refusing cake at your own wedding. I had just cracked open and somehow survived. I had accomplished the most challenging athletic and emotional feat of a woman's life. He was magnificent. He was already breastfeeding. My blood was shot with oxytocin, that sweet natural drug. Everything was possible. Everything was new.
Article Continued Below
So, two hours later, we were on our way home in the car, a new family – stereo, pillows, leftover granola bars and placenta in tow. I now think of it as an impulse buy. I've always been a sucker for female persuasion. This is a common predicament. Every woman who gives birth at home with a midwife has to deal with her placenta. The policy of the Association of Ontario Midwives has been to tell clients to bury them, five feet deep "so raccoons can't get them," says Lisa Weston, the association's vice-president, and a midwife in the city's east end with the Sages-Femmes Rouge Valley Midwives clinic. Most hospitals incinerate them after keeping them for a few weeks. Some even forbid women from taking them home. They are considered biological waste. "It's an interesting disconnect," Weston says. "Women at home are not allowed to put them in the garbage. Women at the hospital are not allowed to have them." Most midwives love placentas. They all give new mothers a tour of the organ her body built to feed, nurture and protect her baby for nine months. It's the only organ the body disposes. It's also the only organ made up of foreign cells – the baby's – that the body doesn't reject. For that reason, medical researchers overseeing organ donations study placentas. "It's the forgotten stage of labour," says Esther Willms, the midwife who tended to my Child No. 1. "None of the movies show them. They're part of the miracle of the whole process. They're grown specifically to grow and nurse your child until they're finished their function." Perhaps this is what has kept me from dropping it into the green bin all these months. (They're verboten anyway, considered "pathological/medical waste," although who would check?) It seems disrespectful. I wouldn't, after all, chuck a sparrow's nest into the garbage. And if my liver dropped out, I'd likely donate it to someone at least. Although I hadn't thought about it before Noah's arrival, I am grateful to my placenta for taking such good care of him. Around the world, there are rituals honouring the placenta. The Ibo of Nigeria bury it as the dead twin of the child. Other people eat them. They are said to help a woman heal after labour – both physically and emotionally. California midwife and medical anthropologist Janneli Miller offers to powderize her client's placentas, so they can swallow them in capsule form with white wine. More palatable than drinking it as a bloody Mary – tomato juice, salt, placenta, squeeze of lemon and voila, you have a cure to too much bleeding after childbirth. It's hard to see why both of these options aren't on the menu at say, The Plaza Rooftop. Mine, Miller informs me, is past that. Too much freezer burn. But, she suggests I cut the vessels from the organ and keep them for my first aid kit. They help heal bad burns, she says. No thanks. Willms planted her daughter's placenta in the front yard under some red tulips. They had a family ceremony, she says. Someone wrote and read a placenta poem. The idea was to nourish the earth with something that had nourished her. That sounds pretty good to me. What do you think I should do with it? Let me know.
Catherine Porter's column runs on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. She can be reached at cporter@thestar.ca.
Carl Court / Getty
LONDON — A so-called "soft Brexit," in which Britain remains within the European single market, is more likely than ever, according to the latest analysis from research house Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Writing in a note circulated to clients, Pantheon's Chief UK Economist Samuel Tombs lays out six reasons why the British government may decide on a drastic change of course when it comes to leaving the EU as talks progress.
"Six developments over the summer have increased the likelihood that the government will make concessions required to preserve unfettered access to the single market after formally leaving the EU in March 2019," Tombs writes.
Firstly, the continuing weakness of the British economy over the course of the summer suggests "uncertainty about the UK's future trade ties is harming the economy."
GDP grew just 0.3% in the second quarter of 2017, with growth in the first three months even less impressive, leaving the UK languishing as the slowest growing economy in the G7.
Brexit uncertainty has visibly hit both household consumption and business investment, while failing to provide a substantial boost to trade from sterling's huge drop since the vote.
This, Tombs argues, means that "politicians now can be certain that a Hard Brexit would damage the economy and that a further slump in sterling wouldn't provide any compensation for the imposition of trade barriers."
Additionally, immigration to the UK has slowed dramatically since the referendum. Immigration was often cited as the biggest reason for backing Brexit by voters at the time of the vote, but as the future status of foreign workers in the UK remains up in the air, many have decided to leave the country rather than potentially being forced out.
"Continued uncertainty about the future settlement rights of new migrants also will dissuade jobseekers from coming to Britain," Tombs writes, pointing out that only 25% of people see immigration as one of the top two issues the government needs to focus on. At the time of the Brexit vote, it was closer to 50%, as the chart below shows:
Pantheon Macroeconomics
Next, time is running out in negotiations, with just over 18 months remaining. This makes the negotiation of a full scale trade deal before Britain drops out of the bloc in March 2019 high improbable.
"Trade deals usually take years, not months, to thrash out, so the only realistic way the U.K. will be able to avoid a cliff-edge is to remain in the single market and accept all the associated financial, legal and migration obligations," Tombs argues.
Pantheon's fourth argument to suggest that Brexit is likely to be of the "soft" variety is that the government has softened notably on several key areas of Brexit in recent months. This is particularly true when it comes to Prime Minister Theresa May's climb down on leaving the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice.
As Tombs notes, the government's position paper on the ECJ "conceded that some continued oversight from the ECJ would be a price worth paying for a smooth transition."
Tombs also writes that the Labour Party's shift to supporting staying in the single market provides, for the first time since the referendum, a credible opposition stance against Hard Brexit.
Of course, the Liberal Democrats have consistently argued against Brexit, but their tiny number of seats and limited vote share make this opposition ineffectual.
Labour's backing of a soft Brexit "has greatly increased the leverage of pro-Remain Conservative MPs over the government," Tombs argues.
Finally, the government's struggles to get backing for early trade negotiations from non-EU countries has reduced "the potential benefits of leaving the E.U.'s customs union," Pantheon's note argues.
A prime example of this is in Japan where officials have signalled that they are in no rush to enter negotiations with the UK.
Prime Minister May is visiting Japan this week and is expected to discuss a post-Brexit trade agreement with Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe. However, Japan is currently in talks with the EU about a free trade agreement and has no intention of rushing that negotiation to satisfy the wishes of UK government, the Financial Times reported on Tuesday.
All in all, then, Pantheon Macroeconomics believes that these six reasons have pushed a soft Brexit back to the fore, and made it the "path of the least resistance" for Britain.
"When the chips are down, we still think that the path of the least resistance for the government will be to agree a long transitional relationship in which the status quo largely remains in place."
The Cup with Handle is a bullish continuation pattern that marks a consolidation period followed by a breakout. It was developed by William O'Neil and introduced in his 1988 book, How to Make Money in Stocks.
As its name implies, there are two parts to the pattern: the cup and the handle. The cup forms after an advance and looks like a bowl or rounding bottom. As the cup is completed, a trading range develops on the right-hand side and the handle is formed. A subsequent breakout from the handle's trading range signals a continuation of the prior advance.
Trend: To qualify as a continuation pattern, a prior trend should exist. Ideally, the trend should be a few months old and not too mature. The more mature the trend, the less chance that the pattern marks a continuation or the less upside potential.
Cup: The cup should be “U” shaped and resemble a bowl or rounding bottom. A “V” shaped bottom would be considered too sharp of a reversal to qualify. The softer “U” shape ensures that the cup is a consolidation pattern with valid
The cup should be “U” shaped and resemble a bowl or rounding bottom. A “V” shaped bottom would be considered too sharp of a reversal to qualify. The softer “U” shape ensures that the cup is a consolidation pattern with valid support at the bottom of the “U”. The perfect pattern would have equal highs on both sides of the cup, but this is not always the case. Cup Depth: Ideally, the depth of the cup should retrace 1/3 or less of the previous advance. However, with volatile markets and over-reactions, the retracement could range from 1/3 to 1/2. In extreme situations, the maximum retracement could be 2/3, which conforms with
Ideally, the depth of the cup should retrace 1/3 or less of the previous advance. However, with volatile markets and over-reactions, the retracement could range from 1/3 to 1/2. In extreme situations, the maximum retracement could be 2/3, which conforms with Dow Theory Handle: After the high forms on the right side of the cup, there is a pullback that forms the handle. Sometimes this handle resembles a
After the high forms on the right side of the cup, there is a pullback that forms the handle. Sometimes this handle resembles a flag or pennant that slopes downward, other times it is just a short pullback. The handle represents the final consolidation/pullback before the big breakout and can retrace up to 1/3 of the cup's advance, but usually not more. The smaller the retracement, the more bullish the formation and significant the breakout. Sometimes it is prudent to wait for a break above the resistance line established by the highs of the cup. Duration: The cup can extend from 1 to 6 months, sometimes longer on weekly charts. The handle can be from 1 week to many weeks and ideally completes within 1-4 weeks.
Volume: There should be a substantial increase in volume on the breakout above the handle's resistance.
Target: The projected advance after breakout can be estimated by measuring the distance from the right peak of the cup to the bottom of the cup.
As with most chart patterns, it is more important to capture the essence of the pattern than the particulars. The cup is a bowl-shaped consolidation and the handle is a short pullback followed by a breakout with expanding volume. A cup retracement of 62% may not fit the pattern requirements, but a particular stock's pattern may still capture the essence of the Cup with Handle.
By Rowan Bosworth-Davies, author of Fraud in the City: Too Good To Be True, (Penguin 1988), a former head of investigations at regulator FIMBRA (Financial Intermediaries, Managers and Brokers Regulatory Association) and a former Scotland Yard Fraud Squad detective. He blogs at Rowan Bosworth Davies blogspot and tweets at @RowanBosworth Cross posted from Ian Fraser's blog
“Go where you will, in business parts, or meet who you like of businessmen, it is – and has been for the last three years – the same story and the same lament. Dishonesty, untruth, and what may, in plain English, be termed mercantile swindling within the limits of the law, exists on all sides and on every quarter…”
No, this is not a comment from a contemporary website. It comes from an editorial published in Temple Bar – A London Magazine for Town and Country Readers in 1866. It was written at a time when England was experiencing a plethora of fraudulent offerings in railway shares, but the tenor of its complaint is as relevant today as it was then.
There is a growing groundswell of informed opinion among modern commentators and even some politicians that financial regulators should be far more willing to bring criminal charges against those financial practitioners whose actions should be construed as more than just negligent or incompetent.
I have never understood why ‘white collar' criminals should be treated any differently from any other criminals, but the fact remains that they are treated differently, and it has been so for many years. The phenomenon was first recorded in a book entitled White Collar Crime by the American criminologist Edwin Sutherland, published in 1949. He pointed out that
“There is a consistent bias involved in the administration of criminal justice under laws which apply to business and the professions and which therefore involve only the upper socio-economic group…”
In White Collar Crime, Sutherland argued that the behaviour of ‘respectable' people, from the upper socio-economic class, frequently exhibits all the essential attributes of crime, but that it is rarely dealt with as such. This situation had arisen, he said, from the tendency for systems of criminal justice in Western societies to favour certain economically and politically powerful groups and to disfavour others — notably the poor and unskilled who comprise the bulk of the visibly criminal population. He added:-
“Probably much more important however, is the cultural homogeneity of legislators, judges and administrators with businessmen. Legislators admire and respect businessmen and cannot conceive of them as ‘criminals'; businessmen do not conform to the popular stereotype of the ‘criminal..”
Another American sociologist William Chambliss put it as follows:-
“One of the reasons we fail to understand business crime is because we put crime into a category that is separate from normal business. Much crime does not fit into a separate category. It is primarily a business activity..”
In his research, Sutherland discovered that the ‘white collar' criminal has no real fear of regulators ,and that actions by the regulators were considered to be an unfortunate interlude, but had little ability to exclude malefactors from continuing to trade. Sutherland found that the actions of regulators were seen as a bureaucratic part of a governmental process, and not considered possessing a status which would diminish the perpetrator in the eyes of his social peers. He said:-
“white collar criminals customarily feel and express contempt for law, government and regulators in a way similar to that in which professional thieves express contempt for policemen and judges. Businessmen characteristically believe that the least amount of government is the most desirable state.”
This was confirmed by my own experiences of dealing with white-collar criminals at both the Metropolitan Police and at Fimbra. It was further reinforced by some academic research I undertook. This explored whether or not a guilty verdict for the criminal offence of dishonesty would have an exclusionary impact upon a financial markets practitioner. One financial criminal said to me rather ruefully
“the white collar sector always assumed that its wrongdoing would be treated somehow differently from other crimes…'
In what is the most systematic discussion of 19th-century business crime to date, George Robb (1992) notes the reluctance of the legal and criminal justice systems to intervene in the social differentiation of the treatment of white collar criminals. He states;
“From the mid-19th century through the early decades of the 20th, the law put few obstacles in the paths of white collar criminals, trusting instead that the free market would regulate itself and that good business would drive out bad. The liberal outlook was taken up by the law courts which neglected business frauds and treated white collar criminals with comparative leniency. Throughout much of this period, cultural perceptions of ‘criminality' remained focused on the ‘dangerous classes' while elite misconduct was seen as a relatively minor social ill.”
He highlighted the fact that the harshest sentences for ‘white collar' offences were invariably reserved for embezzling clerks rather than leading businessmen. He argued that another factor caused such leniency:-
“Another reason frequently given for the lenient sentencing of most white-collar criminals was that the shame and social disgrace attendant on criminal conviction were punishment enough for middle-class persons. Exclusion from polite society was viewed as a more serious penalty than imprisonment … For white collar criminals, prison was seen as ancillary to their personal sense of shame and loss of social status”
I wanted to test how effective this social exclusionary factor would be for a financial practitioner found guilty of a crime. My research set out to establish how financial practitioners would respond to the news that one of their social and commercial circle had first been suspected of, and then convicted for committing offences of insider dealing (a regulatory issue in their eyes), as opposed to the offence of theft (a criminal offence in their eyes). In doing so I wanted to test Sutherland's assertion that regulatory offences were considered less important than criminal offences and would not carry the same degree of social and commercial exclusion.
In the course of a questionnaire which was completed by 93 financial services practitioners, I posed the following questions.
“A person in another company who you have known socially for a long time and with whom your company has done business for many years has been reported in a serious newspaper as being suspected of Insider Dealing. How would this report impact on your social dealings with them?”
The conclusions of this research were that, in business dealings, conviction of a criminal offence places the convicted person in a very defined capacity as far as financial practitioners are concerned, which is in a marked contrast to their social position. The research showed that while financial practitioners are prepared to tolerate breaches of the social code — borne out by the fact a greater percentage are prepared to continue a social relationship with a convicted person — in business, the vast majority were unable to continue any relationship with a convicted person. I believe the figures reinforce Sutherland's theory that breaches of the business code are considered more seriously than breaches of the social code.
Overall the statistics bear out the theory that financial practitioners believe they have little to fear in the actions of regulators, because whatever the outcome, the penalties do not lead to social or commercial exclusion from the financial sector. Fines have no impact on the individuals in the banks, instead, their impact is only felt by the shareholders.
However, what clearly works beyond any other measure is a conviction for what could be termed ‘an ordinary criminal offence'. It immediately places the defendant in the ranks of ordinary mortals, and its commercial exclusionary impact has been amply demonstrated. Being convicted of a crime is the route to the door marked ‘exit', and it means that the convicted person can never come back into the City because no-one will be willing to work with him or employ him in future.
It must be hoped that we will not have to listen to any more special pleading on the part of the regulators that there are other, better methods of regulating the financial sector, methods which have a greater deterrent effect, because there are none! In addition, criminal convictions lead to asset seizures, and financial recovery proceedings, enabling ill-gotten gains to be recovered. The proceeds of the crimes become launderable and any other person who has facilitated in their distribution or dissemination can be prosecuted for money laundering.
For these reasons, we must insist that government implement an urgent review of the powers of the regulators to bring criminal prosecutions, and their relationship with the Serious Fraud Office and the Crown Prosecution Service to be upgraded and given far more flexibility, in the hope that we shall see many more errant bankers being forced to grip the rails at the Old Bailey.
I strongly believe that a few selected prosecutions and convictions would send such a shock-wave through the ranks of the hitherto spoiled and arrogant financial practitioners so that they will quickly lose the mistaken perception that they are a ‘protected species'.
"3D Printing with Nucleic Acid Adhesives"
ACS Biomaterials Science & Engineering
DNA molecules provide the “source code” for life in humans, plants, animals and some microbes. But now researchers report an initial study showing that the strands can also act as a glue to hold together 3-D-printed materials that could someday be used to grow tissues and organs in the lab. This first-of-its-kind demonstration of the inexpensive process is described in the brand-new journal ACS Biomaterials Science & Engineering.
Andrew Ellington and colleagues explain that although researchers have used nucleic acids such as DNA to assemble objects, most of these are nano-sized — so tiny that humans can't see them with the naked eye. Making them into larger, visible objects is cost-prohibitive. Current methods also do not allow for much control or flexibility in the types of materials that are created. Overcoming these challenges could potentially have a big payoff — the ability to make tissues to repair injuries or even to create organs for the thousands of patients in need of organ transplants. With this in mind, Ellington's group set out to create a larger, more affordable material held together with DNA.
The researchers developed DNA-coated nanoparticles made of either polystyrene or polyacrylamide. DNA binding adhered these inexpensive nanoparticles to each other, forming gel-like materials that they could extrude from a 3-D printer. The materials were easy to see and could be manipulated without a microscope. The DNA adhesive also allowed the researchers to control how these gels came together. They showed that human cells could grow in the gels, which is the first step toward the ultimate goal of using the materials as scaffolds for growing tissues.
Life
Reburying the dead a grim task in Ike's wake
The hurricane's storm surge washed hundreds of caskets out of their graves
The Associated Press
IN THE MARSH OF CAMERON PARISH, La. — Joe Johnson craned his neck from the airboat as it circled a patch of brown marsh grass. The runaway coffin was not where it was supposed to be.
Johnson pulled up to a pile of rocks, killed the motor and hopped out. After a few minutes of scouring along the tall, reedlike grass, he flagged down two fishermen.
"Can you possibly take me along the shoreline?" Johnson asked. "I'm looking for a casket."
Beyond the usual, dismal rebuilding, Hurricane Ike left another grim task when it struck last month: Its 13-foot storm surge washed an estimated 200 caskets out of their graves, ripping through most of Cameron Parish's 47 cemeteries and others in southwest Louisiana and coastal Texas. Some coffins floated miles into the marsh.
At Hollywood Cemetery in Orange, Texas, Ike unearthed about 100 caskets. Dozens more were disgorged in hard-hit Galveston.
Caring for dead ongoing challenge
Officials in coastal areas have long struggled with interring the dead, as caskets buried in low-lying areas are susceptible to being belched up by floodwaters. Some areas — most notably New Orleans — house the dead in above-ground crypts to keep them from drifting away in storms.
For many of the dead forced up by Ike, it wasn't their first disturbance. About 80 percent of the caskets in southwest Louisiana displaced by Ike were rousted by Hurricane Rita just three years earlier, said Zeb Johnson, the Calcasieu Parish deputy coroner who's headed casket recovery efforts for Rita and Ike.
Of the caskets ejected by Rita in September 2005, 335 were found and reburied, he said. Eighteen were never found.
"Our mother came out for Rita, and now she came out for Ike," said Debra Dyson, a commercial fisher whose house in Cameron was destroyed by Ike.
Dyson said coffins holding her brother-in-law and cousin also were heaved out by Rita. Ike was worse — the storm thrust out caskets containing her mother, brother-in-law, cousin, niece, three uncles and two aunts.
The one containing Dyson's mother floated to the same spot it came to rest after Rita, 22 miles from the cemetery. Only this time, it didn't take nine months to find it.
"It's hard to lose your home, but the first stop you make is that cemetery just to make sure they're still there, and it's heartbreaking when they're not," said Marilyn Dyson Elizondo, Dyson's sister who lives in Dayton, Texas.
Hauling coffins back to shore
Zeb Johnson helms a team of two employees, volunteer boat pilots and state prisoners to search hundreds of miles of marsh with loaned equipment and haul coffins back to shore. The work is backbreaking, with caskets weighed down by mud in swampy areas teeming with alligators and snakes and the stench of rotting marsh grass.
"It's a job that has to be done," said Joe Johnson, a funeral director and embalmer from Lake Charles who is not related to the deputy coroner.
Joe Johnson's half-hour ride with the fishermen didn't turn up the pink casket reported to the coroner's office, like so many other tips that don't pan out. An hour later, however, he returned with another coffin found in thick grass near a canal bank.
A hole was drilled into the silver metal container to drain out marsh muck and lighten the load for the airboat. Prisoners pulling the casket from the boat tipped it again to empty out more of the fetid water.
The coffin was trucked to the city coliseum in Lake Charles, where the Federal Emergency Management Agency was providing refrigerated trucks to hold caskets until reburial arrangements could be made.
/ AP
The Calcasieu Parish Coroner's Office is footing most of the search and recovery bill, which hasn't been tallied. But reburying the dead is estimated to cost as much as $100,000 on top of the recovery costs, with much of the money needed for new caskets and vaults. Zeb Johnson wasn't sure who'll cover that price tag, so he wasn't sure when reburial could begin.
Not all will be found
More than 140 coffins had been found by Wednesday, and about 20 others that didn't stray far from their burial sites were quickly reburied. Zeb Johnson doesn't expect to find all of the two dozen or more that remain missing.
"The first day we found caskets that had floated 30 miles from their cemeteries," he said. "You just have caskets floating out in the marsh. At least seven of these caskets ended up in Texas, kind of like boats, they just got out in the currents from the high waters and carried them to Texas."
The identification work in many instances is easier this time around. Bodies found after Rita were tagged with special markers, as were the silver metal coffins in which they were reburied. The coffins include a scroll with the deceased's name, where they were buried and other information.
A few families are considering reburials on higher ground. Cameron Parish's government has proposed requiring deeper burials.
Elizondo, whose family awaits word on the missing Dyson caskets, said her brother was buried in January in a deeper vault than those that housed her missing relatives. Ike didn't disturb her brother, so Elizondo wants to rebury her mother the same way, though it is more expensive.
"It's worth it. That way we have the peace of mind that mom won't be gone again," Elizondo said. "We've even offered to do the backhoe ourselves. We just don't want her coming back up again."
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Search NBCNews.com
Implement strong WiFi encryption the easy way with hostapd
Secure and protect your open WiFi access with WPA2 encryption
hostapd, the Host Access Point daemon, provides strong WPA2 encryption and authentication on Linux-based wireless access points. It is fairly simple to configure, supports WPA2-Personal and Enterprise, and also provides a unique modification to WPA2-Personal that makes it both strong and simple to administer.
The gap between WPA2-Personal and WPA2-Enterprise is rather large. WPA2-Enterprise is the strongest wireless security, but it is complex to administer because it requires a public key infrastructure (PKI) with server and client certificates, and a certificate authority. Most shops use FreeRADIUS servers to manage all this, which is overkill when you have a small number of access points to manage, or want to set one up for a temporary event or project.
WPA2-Personal is supposed to be both easy and strong for small shops because it uses a single shared key for all users, which is easy to roll out but presents ongoing security and administration hassles. There is no good way to remove a single user, because any time the key is changed the new key has to be distributed to all users, and you can't keep unwanted users out because they only need one friend on the inside to get the new key. This is better suited for a semi-public hotspot; for example, you want to provide free WiFi for visitors to your office, but not to every freeloader in the neighborhood.
hostapd gives you a great middle ground, a way to use WPA2-Personal with individual keys for each user rather than a single shared key for everyone. These keys are just passwords in the hostapd configuration file and on the clients, so a PKI or a separate authentication server is unnecessary.
Remember that traffic is encrypted only between the client and the wireless router, to prevent eavesdropping on the wireless link; it does not provide end-to-end encryption. That is a job for something like OpenVPN or an SSH tunnel.
Prerequisites
You need a wireless access point that either includes hostapd or lets you install it, the iw command, and you'll need wpa_supplicant on a Linux PC for testing. Your access point should support hostapd 0.6.8 or newer. (The current hostapd release is 0.7.3.) With version 0.6.8 hostapd implemented the nl80211 driver. No special drivers are needed for any wireless interface card (WIC) supported by the mac80211 framework in the Linux kernel; it is built-in native support.
The nl80211 driver moves encryption, authentication, key rotation, and other access point functions into userspace. If you typically use the iwconfig command, start using the iw command because iwconfig does not work on 0.6.8.
DD-WRT and OpenWRT are two excellent open source firmware replacements for consumer-level wireless routers like the Linksys WRT54G-type devices (see Related topics), and they include hostapd . Both have extensive databases of supported devices. I prefer to create my own WAPs using stripped-down Linuxes on Soekris, PC Engines, MicroTik single-board computers (see Related topics). These little boards are durable, and I get complete control and flexibility.
If you like to build your own WAP, the most important component is a WIC with native Linux kernel support, and that supports the all-important AP mode. This is also called Access Point, Master, and Infrastructure mode, and it is required for a wireless access point. Many wireless network interfaces do not support AP mode, but are only client devices stripped down to a minimal functionality. I stick with Atheros wireless interfaces because they are fully-featured, and well-supported with both their legacy Madwifi drivers and the newer mac80211 drivers.
Avoid ndiswrapper on your access point. It's a nice hack for making a WIC work when you have no other options, but it is still a hack that hides a multitude of problems. Stick with good wireless interfaces with native kernel support.
Consult the Linux Wireless.org device databases to find supported interfaces, and also lots of information on wireless drivers and userspace commands (see Related topics). The Linux Wireless project has done a great job of cleaning up and harmonizing the Linux wireless stack.
It's easier on the client side as nearly any WiFi-compliant WIC with native Linux kernel support can connect to your access point with strong WPA2 security. Mac and Windows® clients can also use your nice Linux-based access point.
Probing WICs
How do you know what functions your WIC supports? iw tells you. Look for the "Supported interface modes" section to see if it supports AP mode. Listing 1 shows an example.
Listing 1. iw listing
$ iw list [...] Supported interface modes: *IBSS *managed *monitor *AP *AP/VLAN
This example shows a WIC that supports AP mode and wireless VLANs. IBSS is ad-hoc mode. Monitor mode is for sniffing wireless networks. All WICs support managed mode, which is a client of an access point.
On Atheros interfaces that use the Madwifi drivers, try wlanconfig . See Listing 2.
Listing 2. Example of wlanconfig
# wlanconfig ath0 list caps ath0=7782e40f<WEP,TKIP,AES,AES_CCM,HOSTAP,TXPMGT,SHSLOT,SHPREAMBLE,TKIPMIC,WPA1,WPA2,BURST ,WME>
This shows that it supports AP mode, as well as WPA2 and the strong AES-CCMP cipher.
Another good way to probe your wireless hardware is with the extremely useful hwinfo command. It has a special option for wireless interfaces, and produces all kinds of great information as the snippet in Listing 3 shows:
Listing 3. Example of hwinfo data for WIC
$ hwinfo --wlan 27: PCI 500.0: 0282 WLAN controller Model: "Intel WLAN controller" Driver: "iwlagn" Driver Modules: "iwlagn" WLAN encryption modes: WEP40 WEP104 TKIP CCMP WLAN authentication modes: open sharedkey wpa-psk wpa-eap Status: iwlagn is active Driver Activation Cmd: "modprobe iwlagn"
hwinfo names the driver, tells what encryption it supports, the name of the device, and lots more. You also might try lspci for PCI network interfaces, and lsusb for USB interfaces. This WIC will not work as an access point because the iwlagn driver is not supported by hostapd , and in any case it does not support AP mode. (It is part of a low-budget integrated Centrino chip.)
Configuring hostapd
Installation depends on which Linux distribution you use, so I shall leave it as homework for you to address on your own. First configure hostapd on the access point, and then wpa_supplicant on the client PC for testing the key exchange.
If you do not have a /etc/hostapd.conf file on your access point then create a new one. If your installation provides one, make a backup copy of it for reference and start with a clean new one. The example in Listing 4 has everything you need for our WPA2-Personal setup:
Listing 4. Example /etc/hostapd.conf
interface=ath0 bridge=br0 driver=nl80211 ssid=alracnet auth_algs=1 wpa=1 wpa_psk_file=/etc/hostapd-psk wpa_key_mgmt=WPA-PSK wpa_pairwise=CCMP TKIP rsn_pairwise=CCMP
You might need to replace some of these parameters, such as the interface, driver, ssid, with your own values. When you list more than one option, separate them with spaces, like on the wpa_pairwise line. Here are notes on this example.
Atheros interfaces are always named athx, and all others are wlanx.
Leave out the bridge line if your access point does not have an Ethernet bridge.
The driver is nl80211 if you're using hostapd 0.6.8 or later and a WIC with mac80211 support. The only supported legacy drivers are HostAP, madwifi, and prism54. Pre-0.6.8 hostapd releases support the hostap, wired, madwifi, test, nl80211, and bsd drivers.
0.6.8 or later and a WIC with mac80211 support. The only supported legacy drivers are HostAP, madwifi, and prism54. Pre-0.6.8 releases support the hostap, wired, madwifi, test, nl80211, and bsd drivers. ssid is whatever you want your ssid, or access point name, to be.
auth_algs=1 allows only WPA2 authentication algorithms. 2 is WEP. Never ever use WEP (wired equivalent privacy) because it has been thoroughly broken for years, and is trivially easy to crack. 3 allows both.
wpa=2 allows only WPA2. 1 is WPA1, and 3 allows both.
wpa_psk_file points to the file containing the shared keys.
wpa_key_mgmt specifies the encryption key algorithms you want to allow. Your choices are WPA-PSK, WPA-EAP, or both. PSK is pre-shared key. EAP is Extensible Authentication Protocol, which is a framework that supports a number of different authentication methods. You do not need it for your little pre-shared key setup.
wpa_pairwise and rsn_pairwise control which ciphers are allowed for encrypting your data, and you can use CCMP, TKIP, or both. CCMP is much stronger than TKIP, so you could try allowing only CCMP. Windows clients are notorious for being finicky and troublesome with strong security, so you might have to allow TKIP for them.
Everyone should use WPA2; WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) is so weak it's useless, and WPA is almost as weak as WEP. WPA2 support has been mandatory in WiFi certified devices since 2006, and is supported in all modern operating systems, including Windows XP SP3. If you have to replace some WICs it's a lot cheaper than cleaning up after an intrusion.
Next, create a /etc/hostapd-psk file containing a wildcard MAC address and a simple plain-text test password up to 63 characters long:
00:00:00:00:00:00 testpassword
Now go to your Linux client PC and create a simple configuration file for wpa_supplicant, wpa_supplicant.conf similar to the example in Listing 5.
Listing 5. Sample wpa_supplicant.conf
ctrl_interface=/var/run/supplicant network={ ssid="alracnet" psk="testpassword" priority=5 }
ctrl_interface allows you to interact with wpa_supplicant on the command line. Use your own ssid and test plain-text password, and enclose both in quotation marks. The higher the priority number, the faster the connection is made to the access point. Now go back to your access point and fire up hostapd in debugging mode:
# hostapd -d /etc/hostapd.conf
If there are configuration errors, it will report them and not run. Otherwise it will emit many lines of output. Press CTRL+c to stop it. When you've worked the bugs out you can configure it to start automatically, which you'll do presently.
Then on the client, stop your wireless connection if it is running and run wpa_supplicant as root:
# wpa_supplicant -i wlan0 -D wext -c wpa_supplicant.conf -d
-i specifies the wireless interface, -D wext is the generic wpa_supplicant driver, -c points to the configuration file, and -d means debug mode. You'll see lots of output on both the access point and the client. When the key exchange is successful it completes quickly, and you'll see messages like the ones in Listing 6 on the client.
Listing 6. Sample messages from wpa_supplicant
EAPOL: SUPP_BE entering state IDLE EAPOL authentication completed successfully RTM_NEWLINK: operstate=1 ifi_flags=0x11043 ([UP][RUNNING][LOWER_UP]) RTM_NEWLINK, IFLA_IFNAME: Interface 'wlan0' added
Hurrah, it works. Press CTRL+c to end your wpa_supplicant session. The final step is to create individual user keys. First create these on the access point, and then copy them to your clients using your favorite network configuration utilities. All graphical configurators are pretty much the same: enter the SSID, select WPA2 Personal authentication, and copy in the key.
Adding Users, Stronger Keys
Now it's time to tighten things up a bit and add users. A plain-text password is computationally expensive because it must be encrypted, so wpa_supplicant comes with a nice command for generating 256-bit encrypted keys out of plaintext passwords, wpa_passphrase. Use it as shown in Listing 7, along with the SSID:
Listing 7. Creating users with wpa_passphrase
$ wpa_passphrase "alracnet" "greatbiglongpasswordbecauselongerisbetter" network={ ssid="alracnet" #psk="greatbiglongpasswordbecauselongerisbetter" psk=a8ed05e96eed9df63bdc4edc77b965770d802e5b4389641cda22d0ecbbdcc71c }
Back in /etc/hostapd-psk you can start to add users. Each encrypted pre-shared key must be matched with the MAC address of the user. Listing 8 shows an example.
Listing 8. Example /etc/hostapd-psk
11:22:33:44:55:66 a8ed05e96eed9df63bdc4edc77b965770d802e5b4389641cda22d0ecbbdcc71c 22:33:44:55:66:77 eac8f79f06e167352c18c266ef56cc26982513dbb25ffa485923b07bed95757a 33:44:55:66:77:aa 550a613348ffe64698438a7e7bc319fc3f1f55f6f3facf43c15e11aaa954caf6 44:55:66:77:aa:bb ad328e5f2b16bdd9b44987793ed7e09e6d7cca3131bc2417d99e48720b4de58c
When you are satisfied that everything is working, you probably want hostapd to run automatically. There are several ways to do this: create a startup script so it starts at boot, or start it when the wireless network interface comes up. There are so many ways to configure this in the various Linux distributions I shall leave this as your homework as well. You'll probably want to use the -B option, which forks it into the background, rather than the -d option for debugging.
That wraps up your introduction to the excellent hostapd daemon. See Related topics for more information.
Downloadable resources
Related topics
I have to admit that while I eat pretty healthy at home, my weakness is at social gatherings: family parties, weddings, gatherings with friends, barbecues, eating out at restaurants.
I've tried different strategies, with mixed success. So before I went out last night (for the FIFTH time in six nights!), I asked my friends on Twitter (follow me here) for some of their best tips on eating healthy at social gatherings.
They responded with some great, common-sense tips. While many of these are tips I've tried before, it's good to be reminded of them. And a couple I haven't tried yet, so I now have a good arsenal of strategies at my disposal.
I thought you might find these tips useful. All credit goes to Zen Habits readers on Twitter — thanks guys!
Please note that some of these tips might be a bit contradictory. You should pick the tips that work best for you, and not look at this as a step-by-step guide to be adopted wholesale.
Eat before you go. This was by far the most popular tip, and probably the most useful. Fill up on healthy foods at home. Place limits. Try a 2 plate limit, and a 2 drink limit. Plan ahead. Find out the menu ahead of time and make healthy choices, before you go. Drink lots of water and eat fruits and veggies. You can eat as many veggies as you want without consuming many calories. Just avoid dipping sauces and dressings. Have a big salad before the main course. Again, avoid too much dressing, and go for the lighter dressings. Log what you eat, so you'll be more aware of it. Avoid alcohol. It's just empty calories. You can have fun without alcohol — I do it all the time. Bring your own. If it's a potluck-style gathering, cook something healthy and bring it with you. Just try to eat healthy most of the week, and relax when you are at social gatherings. This is one of my favorite tips. :) You don't need to eat healthy all the time. This is the tip I usually follow, but you've got to come up with other strategies when you're going to social gatherings almost every night of the week (I couldn't help it this past week, but it's not my usual schedule).
What are your strategies for eating healthy (or not) when you're out at social gatherings? Share in the comments!
After months of public backlash, the county Liquor Control Commission will take another look Wednesday at rules allowing 24-hour liquor sales, hostess bar caps and home delivery of alcohol — all changes that residents have said were put in place without public input and will hold consequences for the community.
The public hearing will take place at 10 a.m. Wednesday in the Department of Liquor Control conference room in the David K. Trask Building in Wailuku. After testimony, the commission will hold its regular monthly meeting and could make a decision on the rules or defer to a future date.
“Tomorrow is an opportunity to undo a misstep,” said Mahina Martin, who helped found the Coalition to Repeal 24-Hour Liquor Sales. “The liquor department's policies and actions have far-reaching effect. Outside of the obvious functions related to the business sector, the department has a role to play to support the overall well-being of our community.”
Before the liquor commission made its changes, the department posted an agenda and published a notice in The Maui News. But the lack of description and public input, and the fact that Director Glenn Mukai characterized the rules as “mostly housekeeping” upset many residents.
“A classified ad announcing the meetings, small meeting room, daytime hearings that require people to take time off of work, being told that the commissioners and director aren't available — all send a message of disregard to our community,” Martin said.
On Feb. 8, the commission adopted rules that would allow 24-hour liquor sales at retail stores and hotels, making Maui County the first in the state to do so. The rules also removed the decadeslong cap on the number of hostess bars and allowed the home delivery of alcoholic beverages. On Feb. 21, Mayor Alan Arakawa signed the bill into law.
Many people “were startled” by the new rules, Martin said. In March, Kihei resident Madge Schaefer filed a complaint with the state Office of Information Practices. Families of drunken-driving victims, survivors of addiction, law enforcement and social services officials held a rally in April and testified en masse before the liquor commission in May, saying that the changes heightened the risk of alcohol-influenced incidents.
“We spoke with businesses who were startled to have the laws changed and scrambled to get prepared,” Martin said. “The general public is feeling left out. And even the police were caught off guard.”
On May 5, Schaefer and the Committee for Responsible Liquor Control filed a lawsuit to repeal the changes and claimed that the commission had not given proper notice. The flood of complaints led the commission to vote unanimously May 10 to reconsider the rules, including returning to a ban on the sale of liquor from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m.
But the department and commission's woes continued when nonprofit officials started raising complaints about rules that they also said were enacted without public notice. In order to get a liquor license for one-day events, nonprofit organizations must now follow a long list of steps that include submitting background checks for board members and listing auction items several days in advance — steps that directors said were out of touch with the realities of nonprofits.
Mukai said that the department was just following state rules. But the attorney general's office said background checks weren't a requirement, and none of the other county liquor departments were making nonprofits follow those rules.
“I know that they're saying they're just following the law,” said Debbie Cabebe, chief executive officer of Maui Economic Opportunity and president of the Maui Nonprofit Directors Association. “But I think there could've been discussion ahead of time. It just seemed punitive and nobody really understands why.”
Cabebe said Mukai reached out to some of the nonprofit groups and plans to meet with them today. She added that there are at least 25 nonprofits who have prepared letters of complaint to send to the commission. Already, some are having challenges planning events under the new rules, Cabebe said. The issue of special licenses for nonprofit groups could come up Wednesday, though the agenda does not say the commission will take action.
As for the lawsuit, Schaefer said it depends on what happens Wednesday.
“We would be happy to have a settlement, but if not, we'll go to court,” Schaefer said.
Schaefer said that even if the commission repeals the rules, one issue still remains.
“How do you repeal something that was passed illegally?” she said. “These three items were done without the opportunity for the public to scrutinize or participate in this change in public policy. The lawsuit is a challenge to the issue of: was the Sunshine Law followed? And it is our firm belief that it was not.”
Deputy Director Mark Honda declined to comment Tuesday on what the department could do to repair its relationship with community members frustrated with the lack of transparency. He also declined to comment on why the department continued to take steps that seemed to lack public input.
“It's been a challenge for the private sector, the public sector and the government sector which could have been avoided six months ago with (a) more inclusiveness process from the get-go,” Martin said. “We appreciate the efforts of many to add their voice to this issue. And that's been at the core of this whole issue — minimizing the public's voice when it comes to laws we end up dealing with down the road.”
* Colleen Uechi can be reached at cuechi@mauinews.com.
Tiny magnetic particles may help doctors track cells in the body to better determine if treatments work, according to research reported in Circulation: Cardiovascular Imaging, an American Heart Association journal.
Researchers showed that injecting immune cells containing magnetic particles into the bloodstream was safe and did not interfere with cell function. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans can then track the cells moving through the body.
"This could change how we assess new treatments affecting inflammation and the outcome of a heart attack or heart failure," said Jennifer Richards, M.D., lead author and vascular surgeon at the University of Edinburgh's Centre for Cardiovascular Science in Scotland.
With stem cell therapy, doctors can adapt blood cells to fight disease. But when developing these therapies, it's hard to tell exactly where cells go and how many go where they are supposed to. Safely tracking them would help scientists better understand how new therapies combat heart disease.
Other tracing methods expose patients to excess radiation or only allow cells to be tracked for a few hours. But MRI scans use no radiation, and cells containing the particles can be monitored for at least a week.
Using test tubes, Richards' team first determined that magnetically labeled blood cells move and thrive like normal ones.
Then, they did four small-scale tests in humans:
Six people were successfully given three thigh muscle injections of unlabeled cells, magnetically labeled cells, and an injection of just the magnetic material. The labeled cells were traceable up to seven days later.
Two people were given six increasingly larger doses of magnetically labeled blood cells through a vein, and they had no negative effects.
12 people got intravenous injections of the labeled blood cells – six getting a high dose and six a low dose – which were traceable by MRI a week later.
To test how well the cells travel to inflammation sites, one person was injected with the labeled blood cells, which were successfully followed by an MRI as the cells moved to an inflamed area of skin on the thigh. "This demonstrates that this method may be useful to facilitate the development of cell-based therapies in the future," Richards said.
Richards said more human tests are needed before researchers can regularly use magnetically labeled cells.
Source: American Heart Association
When Stephen Harper travels to New York to lob what can only be described as a stun grenade within political shouting distance of the White House, who, exactly, should run for cover? On the surface the Prime Minister's public warning Thursday that he will not take no for an answer from the U.S. on the Keystone XL pipeline would seem to be aimed at an indecisive American president.
Earlier this week, Prime Minister Stephen Harper told U.S. President Barack Obama during a two-day visit to the United Nations and New York City that he would not take no for an answer on the Keystone XL. Star columnist Chantal H�bert gives three reasons on why Harper said this. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The fate of the pipeline designed to link Alberta's oilsands to the Gulf of Mexico has rested in Barack Obama's hands since his re-election last fall. But it is hard to imagine that Harper seriously believes that rattling a paper sabre at Obama will exact the approval that the pressures of a host of influential American lobbies have so far failed to obtain. Or that the Prime Minister would not think that his statement might have the opposite effect to the one Canada seeks. Here are three alternative explanations:
Article Continued Below
1.) The Prime Minister was having an off day. As Harper was speaking in New York, Dean Del Mastro — a former parliamentary secretary who he defended tooth and nail in the House of Commons — was being charged with four counts of breaking federal elections law. Such news could easily distract a party leader from the official business at hand — especially since Del Mastro is the fifth Conservative to leave the government caucus in disgrace in a year. Harper was taking part in a question-and-answer session in front of the Canadian American Business Council when he made his Keystone comment. After seven years in a tightly controlled media cocoon, he may have become rusty and have overstated his case. 2.) The Prime Minister is engaging in preventive damage control. For months every Canadian ear on the U.S. ground has been attuned to the Keystone XL issue. Through informal channels, Harper may have come to the informed conclusion that Obama is not going to give the pipeline the green light. If that is going to be the case, the Prime Minister has an interest in casting the refusal as a temporary setback, if only to focus minds on something beyond his government's failure to get the positive answer that it so actively sought. Harper's remarks on Thursday suggested that he is pinning more hopes for a win on the front of the free-trade deal that Canada has been negotiating with Europe than on Keystone. He described CETA as the top priority of his government.
3.) The Prime Minister's message was really meant for Canadian provincial consumption. It would not be the first time that Harper would have been more explicit about his policy intentions when he is abroad than when he is at home. In 2012, he telegraphed his government's intentions to clip the wings of Canada's pension regime from the stage of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Parliament was only appraised of upcoming changes to the Old Age Security program some weeks later.
Article Continued Below
Year in and year out, Canadians have been as likely if not more to get substantive answers from the current prime minister over his travels abroad than in Parliament. His office routinely offers more debriefs about his dealings with various international counterparts than with the country's other first ministers. As often as not — as in the case of labour training or health care — the premiers are presented with take-it-or-leave it federal statements of intent. If Harper says that he will not take no for an answer from the U.S. on Keystone — a project over its future he ultimately has no real control — should one not conclude that he will also not accept that provinces such as British Columbia, Quebec or Ontario throw roadblocks in the way on the pipelines that are on the drawing board to bring Alberta's oil to the East and West coasts? In those cases the Prime Minister actually has the power to walk his talk. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
I have come accustomed to writing tournament reports the week after premier events, but unfortunately my showing at the North American World Championship Qualifier was not quite on par with the previous handful of events. So I am just going to briefly cover how my, near week, in Ohio went and how the current format is going to progress going forward.
I had the wonderful opportunity to spend a few days out in the Cleveland area attending tournaments run by ARG, and I must say – it was amazing. We had a fundraiser tournament on the Wednesday that I arrived and another normal local the following day. I was able to get in some valuable play testing on Wednesday with a Dino-Rabbit build similar to what I ended up using over the weekend. As a whole I must say I came back home to Boston wishing there was a local in my area like ARG. It was a fantastic atmosphere, from the players to the tournament itself.
Anyway, as I imagine you can tell – I played Dino-Rabbit again. The build I ended up using was only a few cards off from my build from Philadelphia, with minor tweaks here or there. I ended up bumping to 42 cards to make room for a Compulsory Evacuation Device and cut the Grand-Mole for a second Spirit Reaper. From there I fit some Level Limit – Area B's into my side deck and called it a day. Boring, yet simple and to the point. I thought it was the best deck going into the tournament. My assumption was somewhat off though, because I didn't take into consideration how the metagame was adapting over the last month or so. Though I should point out, one of my best friends Jessy Samek took an identical build, side/main/extra to the Top 16, so it wasn't the worst deck of all time.
I usually pride myself on being able to look at the format and determine what the best deck and builds are. My mistake with analyzing the format at the NAWCQ was that I hadn't realized how players were shifting their understanding of the current Dino-Rabbit decks. The Macro Cosmos builds I had found success with in Chicago and Philadelphia had one fatal flaw in them – the lack of hand traps. Now I made the decision at both events to side cards like Effect Veiler, and at the end of the day I think I was able to get away with that because the format was at a point where Inzektors were still incredibly popular and you can just win off Macro Cosmos. The funny thing was, even at Chicago I suffered an early loss to Wind-Ups because of how vulnerable I was game one against the loop.
And therein lies the problem going into the event last weekend. My assumption that Chaos Dragons, Dino-Rabbit and Inzektors would continue as the top contenders was drastically off because I hadn't taken into consideration how many players would copy similar deck lists to what I had been using at the last two events. Therefore, the Dino-Rabbit contingency at the NAWCQ was a relatively vulnerable crop of players to decks such as Wind-Ups, or even in the cause of Paul Copper – Hieratics. Witty players, such as the eventual champion Tyler Tabman, were able to monitor this development in the format and confidently play a deck which had seen relative little success over the course of the format. Wind-Ups were once considered the dominant force at YCS Atlanta, but have steady seen a decrease in popularity over the course of the last few months. To a point where players like myself, and many others, began cutting hand traps and dropping Maxx “C” from there decklists completely.
So now that the cat is out of the bag, how is the format going to progress? Well, first of all, it should be noted that there are no premier level events for the rest of the format. There is no YCS at GenCon this year, and therefore, we will be without major events to try and prepare the perfect meta call for. But regardless, there is still much Yu-Gi-Oh left over the summer and I think it is only fair to prepare accordingly.
With the rise in both the popularity of Wind-Ups, and price, it is only fair that we begin to adapt to that tread. It is finally time for me, and other Dino-Rabbit players, to mitigate the main decked Macro Cosmos to the side deck for good. I know a lot of players were on the fence about maining them in what they considered a metagame condensed with Chaos Dragons, but now that Wind-Ups have risen again in the ranks I cannot justify myself maining them now. Unfortunately I think it is time to consider maining copies of Maxx “C” again. Jerry Williams was able to top 16 at the NAWCQ with two copies of Maxx “C” in his main deck, so it is not out of the question to go back to maining them. He was also able to find room for two copies of Effect Veiler. The two/two split on Maxx “C” and Effect Veiler may be the way Dino-Rabbit players have to adapt to the change.
If we are about to head into a format where Maxx “C” becomes a main deck choice by a majority of the field, the same dynamic will begin to arise that led me to play Hero Beat at YCS Long Beach. The more dead cards in the main deck, like Effect Veiler and Maxx “C” the better decks like Heroes, and in the current format Chaos Dragons, become. The instinct of most players is to hop over to whatever deck has just done well, but when the deck is something like Wind-Ups and can cause such a riffle through the format, I think it is more appropriate to try and go one step beyond the thinking of everyone else. People around the globe are resleeving their Wind-Up Carriers, perhaps it is time to exploit the sudden need to main deck Maxx “C” again and go against the grain.
Discussion
comments
Tennessee coach Butch Jones sings with his players, including Josh Malone (3), LaTroy Lewis (4) and Kendal Vickers (39) after the Vols' 49-36 win over Kentucky on Nov. 12, 2016. (Photo: MICHAEL PATRICK/NEWS SENTINEL)
It seems fitting that Tennessee and Nebraska, two teams that experienced similar highs and lows, would end up in the same place.
The Vols (8-4, 4-4 SEC) and Cornhuskers (9-3, 6-3 Big Ten) were top-10 teams at some point this season. But they will try to finish on an uptick in the 19th annual Franklin American Mortgage Music City Bowl at 2:30 p.m. on Dec. 30 at Nissan Stadium (ESPN).
It will be the first time for the programs to meet since the 2000 Fiesta Bowl, which Nebraska won 31-21. The Cornhuskers also won 42-17 in the 1998 Orange Bowl.
Those are the only times the two teams have met.
Tennessee last played in the Music City Bowl in 2010. The Vols lost to North Carolina 30-27 in double overtime.
"Our entire program is excited about representing the University of Tennessee at the Music City Bowl," said Vols coach Butch Jones. "This will be a great opportunity for our players to play in an NFL stadium against a very challenging opponent in Nebraska. We have a special group of seniors that have given their all for this program, and I know they are excited about a final opportunity to play together."
It will be Nebraska's first appearance in the Music City Bowl.
Both teams brought lofty expectations into the season, played well early and then stumbled down the stretch..
The Vols got off to a 5-0 start and climbed to No. 9 in the Associated Press Top 25. Nebraska started 7-0 and moved all the way up to No. 7.
Tennessee lost four of its last last seven, including a 45-34 defeat at Vanderbilt on Nov. 26 that took the Vols out of contention for a potential Sugar Bowl bid.
Iowa quarterback C.J. Beathard runs from Nebraska defensive end Freedom Akinmoladun, left, on Nov. 25, 2016, in Iowa City, Iowa. Iowa won 40-10. (Photo: Charlie Neibergall, AP)
Nebraska lost three of its last five and also ended the regular season on a sour note after being trounced by Iowa 40-10.
Still, Music City Bowl CEO and president Scott Ramsey believes there is enough excitement in both camps to make for an attractive matchup.
"They are two teams that allow us to do the three or four things we try to do every year and that is to put together a matchup that excites fans to come to Nashville and from a tourism standpoint spend some days here and help us fill up the stadium," Ramsey said. "For local fans it allows us to have a matchup that is intriguing, which doesn't happen all the time. The third is to come up with a matchup that delivers great viewership and ratings on television, which we really think these two brands will."
A capacity crowd of 69,143, the largest in bowl history, showed up when the Vols played in 2010.
Tennessee finished No. 21 in the College Football Playoff final rankings.
"I am excited. It's just another opportunity to the play the game I love," Tennessee senior quarterback Joshua Dobbs said on WNML's The Nation. "Obviously, we have a great opponent as well in Nebraska and we have to get ready for it. We just have to go out and make the most of it and finish out the year strong."
Tennessee and Nebraska were scheduled to begin a home-and-home series this past season, but that got moved back to 2026 and 2027 so the Vols could play Virginia Tech in the Battle at Bristol.
Considering the drop-off in the latter part of year, Nebraska coach Mike Riley said his team, which improved on last year's 5-7 record, was happy to be coming to Nashville.
RELATED
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Top and trending sports headlines you need to know for your busy day. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-342-8237. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“This is a great opportunity to finish our year in an outstanding bowl game and compete for a 10th win against an excellent Tennessee team," Riley said. "As a staff, we are looking forward to spending the additional practice time with this team and preparing for a strong performance. I know our players, coaches and fans will enjoy the trip to Nashville, and we anticipate a great week of activities and an excellent football game.”
Nebraska was not included in the final CFP rankings, but the Cornhuskers are No. 24 in the AP Poll and No. 21 in the USA Today coaches' poll.
Rhiannon Potkey contibuted to this report.Reach Mike Organ at 615-259-8021 and on Twitter @MikeOrganWriter.
06:58 PM, August 31, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 11:09 PM, August 31, 2017
Star Online Report
Several hundred members of Hindu community from Maungdaw of Myanmar have fled to Bangladesh through a border in Ukhia of Cox's Bazar amid attack by an “unidentified armed group”.
Around 453 people of different ages of the community entered Bangladesh territory along with Rohingyas yesterday through Rezu Amtola border and took shelter in a makeshift tent at Paschim Hindupara of Katupalong, reports our correspondent visiting the spot.
More around 200 people of the same religious community are stranded in the no man's land along the bordering areas of Baishfari, Chakdhala and Tambru.
The Hindu refugees said unidentified people with firearms, bombs, and knives besieged their villages on August 25, when a group of insurgents carried out attacks on Myanmar security forces.
The people, wearing black cloth and black veil, surrounded Fakira Bazar, Riktapara and Chikonchhari villages till yesterday and "killed some 86 people of the community", they claimed.
“My husband Kanu Rudro went to visit our son-in-law's house at Fakirabazar. But they [unidentified armed men] killed all of them [Kanu, his daughter, and son-in-law],” wailed Bakul Bala Rudru.
Another victim, Niranjan Rudru from Chikonchhari of Maungdaw told The Daily Star that some people, wearing black cloth, besieged the villages and set fire to the Hindu houses.
“There was no name or number on their black cloth. But they were carrying guns, bombs and knives,” he recalled while narrating the reasons for fleeing to Bangladesh.
They said one or two Hindu children remain missing while crossing the border with Rohingya refugees.
“We have been living in Burma for many generations. We are Burmese Hindu,” said Chittya Ranjan Paul, who crossed the border also and entered Katupalong around 5:30pm yesterday.
His identify card issued by the Myanmar government introduced him as “Indian”, said our correspondent.
Meanwhile, aid workers were found enlisting the names of the Hindu refugees while local Hindu community people came forward to provide them food and shelter.
“We are collecting money from our people with the instruction of our community leader to provide them with food and accommodation,” said Swapan Sharma Rony, a resident of Katupalong village.
Awesome Product
i bought this baby for my first pc build. Have no regrets what so ever. im probably only using 500watts if that. I knew i was going to be upgrading stuff in the future so i wanted to make sure i had enough power to do so.. and 850 is plenty. this psu is perfect. marked off a star on the value just because as soon as i bought this baby.. 2days later they have it on sale for $119 and i paid 169. shouldve waited.. oh well. I say if you are going to buy a psu make sure to buy one with more power than what you need that way you can upgrade whenever and not worry about having enough.. Overkill is underrated lol
SUNRISE, Fla. – The Florida Panthers announced today they will be hosting “Florida Panthers Learn to Play” in conjunction with the NHL, the NHLPA and USA Hockey. The program is for boys and girls ages 4-8 who have never participated in an organized ice hockey program.
Each participant in to Learn to Play program will receive six weeks on on-ice training with Florida Panthers Alumni and USA Hockey Certified Coaches. The participants will receive a full set of Panthers branded hockey equipment they will be able to keep at the completion of the program and a voucher for two free tickets to a select Panthers weekend home game as well as an opportunity to purchase additional tickets at a discounted rate. The cost of the program is $100.
The following five rinks are participating Learn to Play locations: Florida Panthers IceDen (Coral Springs), Glacier Ice & Snow Arena (Pompano Beach), Kendall Ice Arena (Miami), Palm Beach Ice Works (West Palm Beach) and Palm Beach Skate Zone (Lake Worth).
To Learn to Play program was developed in an effort to reduce cost barriers to ice hockey participation by providing equipment. The primary goal is to create the next generation of hockey players and fans who remain engaged with the game throughout their lives. All participants will automatically be registered with USA Hockey for the 2016-2017 season allowing for an easier and less expensive transition into future hockey programs.
The Florida Panthers Learn To Play curriculum is designed in conjunction with USA Hockey's “Gold Standard” which utilizes an age appropriate Long Term Athlete Development structure known as the American Development Model. This model ensures that the program structure is both fun and effective.
When the fall term begins at Nazareth Area High School on Monday, one teacher will be conspicuous by his absence.
Matthew Greene, a popular math teacher at the school 65 miles north of Philadelphia, vanished while on a backpacking trip in California last month. Police say Greene was there to hike and climb the Eastern Sierra, a region that features extremely steep and rugged terrain, with many peaks soaring to 12,000 and 13,000 feet.
His disappearance has baffled friends and family who call Greene a highly experienced, cautious outdoorsman.
"It just doesn't seem to me that he would go out for a day hike and not return," said his sister, Tiffany Minto. "We can't visualize him getting himself into any kind of dangerous situation. He's the personality type who would just turn back if it was too dangerous."
Greene, 39, had arrived in late June to hike and climb with friends. But when his Subaru blew a head gasket, they went on with their trip while he stayed behind at a campground in Mammoth Lakes, about 260 miles east of San Francisco, to wait for repairs. The last time anybody heard from him was July 16, when he chatted with his parents back in Pennsylvania, called the repair shop and traded text messages with a friend.
Some of his gear was discovered to be missing, and several pages were torn out of his guidebook, leading to speculation that he might have headed in that direction for a hike.
Several of Greene's friends flew to California and canvassed bus drivers, store owners, librarians and others in Mammoth Lakes, posted fliers at trailheads, checked summit registers and spent several days in the back country looking for clues. The search has gone airborne, too, with a helicopter flying over the rugged terrain and one of Greene's friends shooting high-resolution video from a private plane. California search-and-rescue personnel have also volunteered their time.
But they turned up no trace of the former Peace Corps volunteer. And with no new information, Mammoth Lakes police are at a loss.
"Lots of people have gone into the back country looking, even friends of mine, but we have no leads as to where he might have hiked," said Detective Doug Hornbeck. "There are so many places to go, so many, and search and rescue doesn't know where to start. It's just such a vast area."
Minto initially assumed her brother had some sort of accident. Now she's not so sure and wonders whether he might have been the victim of foul play. Police have said he may have hitched a ride from someone to a remote area to hike or climb.
Minto said she's thinking about hiring a private investigator "just to exhaust every possible avenue." And fundraisers are being held to pay for additional search-and-rescue efforts.
But she knows the odds grow longer each day her brother remains missing.
"We kind of have realistic expectations," Minto said. "We may never get answers as to the how and the what. But we will settle for anything we can get to just bring him home and get some closure on it."
Another 18 were wounded in the fighting with the militant group on five islands near the border with Nigeria, the Chadian army confirmed. The army claimed their troops had killed 162 Boko Haram fighters and destroyed six vehicles along with many of the motorcycles often used by Boko Haram fighters in their raids.
Chad is part of a five-nation regional force, which also includes Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Benin, fighting Boko Haram. The insurgent group is blamed for killing at least 20,000 people and leaving another 2.6 million homeless.
There have been frequent clashes on the many islands of Lake Chad, which borders Chad, Cameroon, Niger and Nigeria, since the Boko Haram conflict began in 2009.
On Sunday, Chad's President Idriss Deby threatened to pull his country's troops out of various peacekeeping operations in Africa because of a lack of foreign financial support. As well as providing troops to a UN peacekeeping mission in Mali, Chad also deploys 2,000 soldiers to the joint force fighting Boko Haram.
“If nothing is done, if that goes on, Chad will be obliged to withdraw,” Deby said. “We can't keep being everywhere.”
(AFP, RTRE)
Smartphones have become so integral to modern life, they may have altered the shape and function of the human brain, according to new research.
Experts have discovered that people who use touchscreen phones on a daily basis have a larger and more powerful somatosensory cortex - the area at the centre of the brain which controls the thumbs.
They think that the more time someone spends fiddling with their smartphone, the bigger the link between brain and hand.
Experts have discovered that people who use touchscreen phones on a daily basis have a larger and more powerful somatosensory cortex - the area at the centre of the brain which controls the thumbs. They think that the more time someone spends fiddling with their smartphone, the bigger the link between brain and hand
Neuroscientist Dr Arko Ghosh, who led a study into the impact of mobile phone use, said our ‘newfound obsession' with smartphones demonstrated the ability of the brain to mould to its circumstances.
But while the brain has long been known to be able to adapt to new demands - such changes can sometimes result in chronic pain and movement disorders.
Dr Ghosh of the University of Zurich in Switzerland, said: ‘I think we must appreciate how common personal digital devices are and how densely people use them.
‘The digital technology we use on a daily basis shapes the sensory processing in our brains.'
Smartphones force people to use their hands in ways they have never had to in the history of human evolution.
TRACKING CHANGES IN THE BRAIN The Swiss team tracked 37 volunteers over ten days - 27 of them using touchscreen phones and 11 using traditional mobile telephones with fixed buttons. Monitoring their brain waves, they found that people using the modern touchscreen phones had altered the form and function of their somatosensory cortex. Writing in the journal Current Biology, the scientists said those who used smartphones had changed the way their thumbs and brains worked together, with a larger effect seen with those who had used their phones more. While using fixed buttons require simple hand movements, using a touchscreen requires a far more complex set of motions. The part of the brain controlling the sense of touch in the thumbs and fingertips saw much more activity - increasing the connection between them and speeding up reaction time and sensitivity. More touchscreen use translated directly into greater brain activity when the thumbs were touched, they found.
Not only are we suddenly using our fingertips and thumbs in a new way, but we do so hour after hour, day after day.
The Swiss team tracked 37 volunteers over ten days - 27 of them using touchscreen phones and 11 using traditional mobile telephones with fixed buttons.
Monitoring their brain waves, they found that people using the modern touchscreen phones had altered the form and function of their somatosensory cortex.
Writing in the journal Current Biology, the scientists said those who used smartphones had changed the way their thumbs and brains worked together, with a larger effect seen with those who had used their phones more.
While using fixed buttons require simple hand movements, using a touchscreen requires a far more complex set of motions.
The part of the brain controlling the sense of touch in the thumbs and fingertips saw much more activity - increasing the connection between them and speeding up reaction time and sensitivity.
More touchscreen use translated directly into greater brain activity when the thumbs were touched, they found.
‘We found that the common use of touchscreen phones was associated with cortical reorganisation,' they wrote.
‘The cortical activity evoked by touch to the thumb tip was directly proportional to the amount of thumb use over the past ten days.'
Dr Ghosh said: ‘I was really surprised by the scale of the changes introduced by the use of smartphones.'
He compared the brain alteration to those seen in keen musicians.
The Swiss team tracked 37 volunteers over ten days - 27 of them using touchscreen phones, and 11 using traditional mobile phones with fixed buttons. The somatosensory cortex (pictured top centre) of the brain saw much more activity - increasing the connection between fingers and speeding up reaction time and sensitivity
In violinists, for instance, the area of the brain linked to the fingers that guide the instrument is larger than in other people.
But while there may be benefits - for example increased sensitivity and faster links between brain and fingers - the scientists are concerned that intense phone use may also be bad for human health.
Altering the shape of the somatosensory cortex can lead to pain, spasms and movement disorders such as dystonia, they warned.
The scientists said that the brain alterations are likely to be ‘maladaptive'.
‘Plasticity of the somatosensory cortex is associated with the development of chronic pain,' they wrote in the journal article.
‘Worryingly, there is some evidence linking excessive phone use with motor dysfunctions and pain.
Social Housing Minister Paula Bennett has accused a group opposing the sell-off of state houses of bullying tactics, after it targeted one of the organisations expressing interest in the properties.
Photo: RNZ / Kate Gudsell
The Social Housing Action Network said IHC - a charity that provides services to people with intellectual disabilities - was helping the government shirk its responsibility for housing vulnerable people.
The government is planning to sell 1140 houses in Tauranga and another 370 in Invercargill will be sold to registered providers.
IHC subsidiary Accessible Properties is the country's largest non-government social housing provider and has said it is interested in the Tauranga houses if it works for the people it supports.
The network picketed IHC's head office in Wellington, but only a handful of people turned up.
The group's Wellington spokesperson Ariana Paretutanganui-Tamati said the government should not be selling state houses, and Accessible Properties should not be putting its hand up for them.
She said they were naming and shaming IHC.
"They've refused to meet with us, so they're intent on buying state houses, we need them to not do that, we need them to say no and leave state houses for the state."
Social Housing Minister Paula Bennett said the group were playing petty politics.
"So to turn around and try and bully a fantastic organisation like IHC because they have some ideological bent on who should own the houses instead of recognising the poor people that actually need our assistance, I think is actually petty and small-minded, and almost bullying behaviour."
Accessible Properties general manager Andrew Wilson said in a statement it had the capacity to increase the amount of good quality affordable housing for people. He said the organisation was concentrating its efforts in Auckland, Hamilton, Tauranga, Wellington and Christchurch.
"We have long been on the record saying we are interested in state houses in Tauranga and we remain committed to the process that could see the sale of those properties.
"However, it's too early to know whether this deal is for us - we won't enter into a deal unless we can be sure we are going to improve conditions for tenants."
Providers have until February to express their interest in the state houses.
“Some of our friends couldn't make it.”
International relations scholars met for their annual convention in the US last week against the backdrop of a Donald Trump presidency. Scholarly business to a large degree continued as usual, with panel sessions on the future of a liberal world order and change in world politics taking on special urgency. Hundreds of sessions covered topics such as climate and energy policy, global governance institutions, the rise of populism, terrorism and counterterrorism, and the politics of nuclear weapons.
But while panels and receptions continued apace, not everyone who had originally planned to attend the International Studies Association's annual convention was able to partake. ISA's leadership reported that a total of 176 participants withdrew from the conference citing a reason related to Trump and his 27 January order barring travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. Enforcement of that order, which also prohibited the entry of refugees, has been temporarily halted by the courts, but the Trump administration has pledged to introduce a new order meant to achieve the same purpose.
Sixteen of those who withdrew from the ISA conference cited visa issues. The majority of those scholars reporting visa issues did not come from one of the seven countries directly impacted by the entry ban – Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen – but rather from other countries (Brazil, for instance). Thirty-eight cited a reason for withdrawing related to their nationality. Ninety-eight said they were boycotting.
"There's some ambiguity in there, because there are folks who said, 'Jeez, I've got a Muslim name, so I'm not coming' and they're not really boycotting – it's just they don't want to risk being hassled at the airport or something of the sort," said Mark A. Boyer, ISA's executive director. "So of that 176 we're not entirely sure what all the categories are."
"Some people just say, 'I don't feel comfortable coming,'" said Jennifer Fontanella, the association's director of operations and finance.
"We had a young woman from India say her parents said, 'Don't go to the US,'" said Boyer. "So there are lots of different permutations and combinations of issues with regard to those 176. We generally have about 6,500 people at this meeting, plus or minus."
“If you are a Muslim, wherever you're from, you might be able to get into the United States, after some tremendous hassle, but there's no certainty about that, in that you'd be investing large amounts of money – plane tickets, hotel reservations – on the possibility that [Customs and Border Patrol] would let you in,” said Stephen M. Saideman, the Paterson chair in international affairs at Carleton University, in Canada​. Saideman accepted an award at ISA on behalf of a scholar who did not attend the convention because of the ban.
“Many people are figuring out that's not worth attempting or they don't want to legitimate the United States by coming to it at a time when it is engaged in horrendous policies," Saideman continued. "I have friends who made that decision. It's sometimes hard to disentangle whether they made that decision because they suspected that they would get hassled, they may be blocked, they may be interrogated for hours, or they made it because they did not want to come to the United States when the United States was being run in this particular way. It's probably a combination of those things. And this is damaging to a variety of things. It's damaging to intellectual discourse because the whole idea of what we do is to create knowledge based on competing and overlapping and complementing ideas that are generated, in part, by the diversity of our planet. This ban is going to limit the diversity of voices in American social sciences, in American hard sciences, American medical sciences: it's across the board."
Some chose not to come to ISA in Baltimore as a matter of conscience. Catherine Goetze, a senior lecturer in international relations at the University of Tasmania, wrote on her blog about her reasons for not coming. In a message she sent to fellow panelists apologising for her withdrawal, Goetze, who is German, referred to her great-grandfather's collaboration with the Nazi regime in his role as a director of libraries. “Now, the USA is not Nazi Germany (yet),” Goetze wrote. “But I strongly feel that it is quickly on its way of becoming a fundamentally anti-democratic, anti-pluralist and fascist state and it has been standard to brutally and cruelly discriminate [against] people on the grounds of their skin color or religion for a long, long time now. I also feel that this anti-enlightenment is not caused by that man in the White House but he's just a sort of caricature of white American middle-class society as it has existed since a long time. What is much more disquieting for me is not [Trump's] nonsense spluttering but the huge mass of Eichmanns, the banal collaborators of daily life.”
Goetze wrote that going to ISA now would normalise “an absolutely abnormal situation” and ignore “the cruelty and ugliness of [Trump's] junta regime. I would be setting my unease, my abhorrence, my consciousness aside because I just want to get on with my job.”
Others made a different choice. Jennifer Philippa Eggert, a Ph.D. candidate in politics and international studies at the University of Warwick, blogged about her choice to come to ISA as a visibly Muslim woman who wears a hijab. “I am worried about recent developments, but boycotting the ISA annual convention is not an option for me,” Eggert wrote. “In fact, I will make a point of attending ISA this year. If the new president and his supporters want to ban people like me – Muslim people and/or people of color – from the country, that is even more reason for me to attend. I am used to present[ing] at conferences where I am the only woman wearing hijab. Sometimes, I am the only person in the room who is a Muslim, even in countries with sizable Muslim communities. Me canceling my participation would make the ISA annual conference a bit less colorful, it would prevent me from making my voice heard, and that cannot be the aim. For me, in this case, attendance is resistance.”
An open letter signed by nearly 100 international relations scholars published during the conference criticised various of Trump's policies, including the temporarily halted travel ban and what the letter describes as the president's "go-it-alone" policy and disregard for international law and diplomatic relationships".
"Recently, President Trump tweeted that people should 'Study the world!' to understand his foreign policy," the open letter states. "As scholars of international relations, we have studied the world, and we are concerned that the actions of the president undermine rather than enhance America's national security."
"We agree it is important for any president to protect U.S. citizens from extremist violence, ensure America is respected abroad and prioritize American interests. But our knowledge of global affairs, based on history, scientific fact and experience, tells us that many of the policies Trump has undertaken thus far do not advance these goals. Instead, they have made Americans less safe," the letter states.
This is an edited version of a story that first appeared in Inside Higher Ed.
Verizon, which is in the midst of closing its deal for Yahoo, is open to M&A talks with the likes of Comcast, Disney and CBS, CEO Lowell McAdam said in an interview with Bloomberg.
A Verizon spokesman confirmed McAdam's comments but said “the remark was more in the context of, ‘We're always open to talking to anyone.'”
“If [Comcast CEO] Brian [Roberts] came knocking on the door, I'd have a discussion with him about it,” McAdam said, according to Bloomberg. He added that he would do the same thing if Disney's Bob Iger or CBS's Leslie Moonves came calling.
McAdam's signal that Verizon is hunting for a game-changing deal comes after rival AT&T bid $85 billion for Time Warner to diversify into the entertainment business. AT&T also owns DirecTV, the No. 1 satellite TV provider, and has launched the over-the-top DirecTV Now service as a new competitor in the market.
Of course, just because Verizon's chief exec says the company would be interested in a mega-deal doesn't mean such discussions will come to pass.
Separately Tuesday, Yahoo said in announcing Q1 results that Verizon's $4.5 billion deal for its operating businesses is expected to close in June. Once that's completed, Verizon plans to merge Yahoo and AOL into a new entity called “Oath.” Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is reportedly not going to join the telco, which lopped $350 million off the purchase price after Yahoo disclosed two massive data breaches that occurred in 2013 and 2014.
Related Bob Iger on Hostless Oscars: 'It's Been a Rollercoaster' Live+7 Ratings for Week of Feb. 4: 'Big Bang Theory' Tops Scripted Competition
Wall Street has been rife with rumors and speculation recently about a variety of interesting potential combos, including such scenarios as Apple buying Disney and Disney acquiring Netflix.
Earlier this year, Verizon was considering a highly leveraged mega-billion deal for Charter Communications, which became the second-biggest cable operator in the U.S. after buying Time Warner Cable, the Wall Street Journal reported. Meanwhile, Verizon is said to be planning to enter the over-the-top pay-TV sector this summer with an internet-delivered national service that includes several dozen channels.
Verizon shares closed up 0.8% Tuesday. CBS ended the day up 1.8%, while Comcast was up 1.05% and Disney stock closed up 0.4%
Patrick Lynch. Bonile Bam/Getty
New York Patrolmen's Benevolent Association president Patrick Lynch—the leader of the city's most prominent police union—was recorded referring to black Congressional staffers' Capitol-steps “hands up, don't shoot” walkout protest as as “stupid shit” at a union meeting in which he also condemned what he called “stupid rules” governing police-citizen interactions. From Capital New York:
“There's a book they make for us where if you carried it with you, you won't need to go to the gym,” Lynch said. “Every time there's a problem, they tell us what we can't do. They tell us what we shouldn't do. They never tell us what we can do. We're going to take that book, their rules and we're going to protect ourselves because they won't. We will do it the way they want us to do it. We will do it with their stupid rules, even the ones that don't work.”
Lynch also complained about members of “the United States Congress on the steps of the Capitol raising their hand as if police officers aren't protecting their rights to do stupid shit like that,” referring to a December 11 demonstration in Washington.
Lynch's remarks were made at a union delegate meeting in Queens; it's not clear if he knew he was being recorded. The comments come in the context of a dispute with New York mayor Bill DeBlasio over DeBlasio's alleged lack of support for police officers in the wake of a grand jury's decision not to indict officer Daniel Pantaleo for the chokehold killing of Staten Island resident Eric Garner. (Pantaleo has allegedly said he did not choke Garner, though he appears to in video of the incident.) “He is not running the city of New York,” Lynch says of DeBlasio on the recording. “He thinks he's running a fucking revolution.”
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates vote in the State Capitol in Richmond, Va., Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. (Bob Brown/AP)
Local election officials across Virginia will conduct recounts of four House of Delegates races this month that will determine whether Republicans retain control of the chamber.
Currently Republicans hold 51 seats while Democrats hold 49, but several of those races were squeakers. In preliminary hearings this week, judges set dates for three of the four races heading to recount, according to spokesmen for both House Republicans and House Democrats.
The first recount will be Dec. 13 and 14 in Fairfax and Prince William counties for the 40th District, where incumbent Del. Tim Hugo (R) narrowly won reelection by a 106-vote margin over Democrat Donte Tanner.
The closest race heading to recount is the 94th District in Newport News, where Del. David E. Yancey (R) beat Shelly Simonds by 10 votes. That recount will be held Dec. 19.
[Future of Virginia politics could rest in a race where the Republican won by 10 votes]
The next day, Richmond-area officials will conduct a recount requested by Del. G. Manoli Loupassi (R-Richmond), who lost to Democrat Dawn Adams by 336 votes.
A preliminary hearing that would determine the date for a recount in the 28th District has not yet been held. In that race, Republican Bob Thomas leads Democrat Joshua Cole by 82 votes in the contest to fill the seat being vacated by retiring Speaker William J. Howell (R-Stafford). More than 100 voters in the 28th District and neighboring 88th District were given the wrong ballots, state elections officials say.
In the 88th District, Del. Mark Cole (R-Fredericksburg) — no relation to Joshua Cole — beat Democrat Steve Aycock by more than 4,000 votes. No one is questioning the outcome of that race, even with the misassigned ballots, because the margin was so wide.
Democrats and Republicans both say they expect the recount for the 28th District will be held Dec. 21.
On Nov. 7, Virginians voted with paper ballots scanned by electronic machines. Recounts consider ballots that were deemed illegible, but where the voter intent may be clear, even if they did not follow the proper instructions for marking their choice.
The state pays for recounts in races where the candidates are separated by less than half of a percentage point. The Loupassi-Adams race did not fall within that margin, and Loupassi must bear the costs.
If Adams prevails in a recount and Democrats flip two of the other Republican-held seats after a recount, Democrats will take control of the chamber for the first time since 2000. If Adams prevails and Democrats pick up one seat, the chamber will be split 50-50 with no tiebreaking mechanism and the parties must negotiate a power-sharing agreement.
Gov-elect. Ralph Northam is a Democrat, and Republicans hold a narrow 21-19 majority in the state Senate.
Seriously, piss off Harry! Reading your words tonight has left my pint half empty, and I just sat down with the evening paper. For those who haven't bothered to read the drivel that managed to find its way to newsstands yesterday, I'll enlighten you with a quote or two from old Harry Redknapp:
“Spurs could field two teams who could compete in the Premier League. They have a second team who would hold their own at the top level without any problem. For a start, they have five top-class centre-backs.”
Really, they can field two teams and still compete as a top level team “without any problem”? Five “top-class” centre-backs? Yes, they have five centrebacks. Hell, my over-30 footy team that features a bunch of out of shape blokes (no offence, gentlemen) can field five players, but it doesn't mean we're top class. So who is it that is top class? Okay, Kaboul and Vertonghen are nice. Kyle Walker has his moments certainly, but is he “top class” right now? They have two legit centre backs – the other three I'm not so sure about.
But wait, it gets better –
“They have loads of top-class midfielders. They're full of quality everywhere.”
Oh, ‘arry, come on! So Spurs just has talent seeping out of every pore, eh? I disliked the guy when he was at White Hart Lane, not only because I happen to support that much more successful club on the other side of North London, but because Redknapp is an idiot. What makes him an idiot? Glad you asked. No matter which team you support, I'm sure you will agree with me that Harry Redknapp is a media whore. I mean, I like to hear my own voice (or see my own typed words) as much as the next guy, but this guy really makes good at every speakers' corner.
Okay, there are some nice defenders and a few midfielders who can play, but to suggest that they can produce two lines of top defenders and mids is borderline insane. No really, that is seriously mental.
Having read the two quotes from above (which were made to the London Evening Standard, for those of you who care), don't you get the sense that he still kneels down to Tottenham? Of course the upcoming match between Spurs and QPR are going to force him to at least say something nice to alleviate the risk of getting roughed up by the heathens from that end of North London – that I get. But clearly he went a few steps too far.
Look, this short rant has less to do with my thoughts on whether Spurs are good, or if their players are “top class”. I know they have some talent and are a good team. But I think Harry comes across very poorly in this interview. He seems to be on both knees in front of Spurs and their fans, as if he's trying to cement his own legacy at a former club. How do I know this? Just when it couldn't get more ridiculous, he had this to say… about himself:
“Not many people walk away from a club as popular as I was at that time.”
And that, my friends, is Harry Redknapp.
Not that you need more proof of his “media whore” mentality, but he is also in the news today for an unrelated matter:
Ole Harry believes Celtic and Rangers should play in the Premier League. “They should play in England. They're two of the biggest clubs in the world. Maybe it would give someone else a chance to win something in Scotland if they left.” So because they're big clubs (arguably) and win the SPL consistently, that makes it a reasonable idea to just allow them into the Premier League? Does that seem fair to teams in lower English divisions who are trying to earn their spots in English top flight football? Or what about to his own team, QPR, who are fighting for the EPL lives?
Well, at least he's entertaining I suppose.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport
Add your comments below, or visit r/football and join thousands of other footy fans in lively discussion about the day's top news.
Main Photo Credit: thesportreview via photopin cc
Teachers and students of a village school in central Armenia boycotted classes on Monday in protest against the provincial governor's decision to sack its principal.
Governor Gabriel Gyozalian, who is affiliated with the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaktsutyun), has also appointed a young woman apparently related to him as acting director of the secondary school of Aghtsk, a historic village located in his Aragatsotn province.
The decisions seem to have angered many local residents. Dozens of them joined the school's students and teaching personnel in rallying outside the school building to demand that the sacked principal, Harutiun Sukiasian, be reinstated. Some protesters carried posters saying “Sukiasian is our director.”
“We all respect him and don't want him to be fired,” said one teacher. “This may be a partisan thing: the new governor is a Dashnak,” claimed another.
Sukiasian, who is affiliated with the ruling Republican Party of Armenia (HHK), also condemned his dismissal. “I have appealed to President Serzh Sarkisian's staff to look into the matter and restore justice,” he said.
Some villagers claimed that Gyozalian has installed his cronies as well as Dashnaktsutyun members in various positions since being appointed governor in March as part of his party's power-sharing deal with Sarkisian.
The new, acting principal, Sona Muradian, is Gyozalian's goddaughter. The young woman refused to comment on the controversy.
Gyozalian, meanwhile, denied the allegations of nepotism and partisanship, saying that he simply wants to rejuvenate the school management. He also blamed the sacked principal for the protest.
“He has had six or seven of his relatives work in the school and the school is not in good shape,” the governor told RFE/RL's Armenian service (Azatutyun.am) after meeting with the village mayor and an Armenian parliamentarian born in Aghtsk to discuss the protest.
The protesters also argued that Muradian does not have a special government license needed for running the school on a permanent basis. Gyozalian countered, however, that she will receive one before a panel of representatives of the school's teachers, students' parents and the provincial administration meets to elect the new principal.
Diving back into Japan's criminal underworld with Yakuza mainstay Kazuma Kiryu as its narrative anchor is like jumping into another season of a well-received cable TV drama. It usually doesn't take eight years for a show to reach its fifth season but Yakuza 5 was worth the wait. It even manages to be more feature-rich than its predecessors thanks to a robust set of stories and minigames spread across multiple urban districts across Japan. Savoring Yakuza 5 is about being pulled in by not only its woven plotlines and energetic combat, but also the numerous activities that bring its world to life.
Just like the games of Brendan McNamara (The Getaway, L.A. Noire), the Yakuza series has always belonged at that end of the urban open world game spectrum where gameplay takes a backseat to story. We're talking about Metal Gear Solid levels of exposition through lengthy cutscenes. Yakuza 5's heavy themes of honor among criminals and workplace loyalty are aptly presented through the lens and production values of a big budget TV show, and you'd be hard pressed to come up with any game outside this series that features this much melodramatic piano music.
Kazuma Kiryu hasn't aged much since the original Yakuza, and he's never looked better.
If there's one key feature from Yakuza 4 that this sequel capitalizes on, it is the value of having multiple stories. As much as Kazuma Kiryu could be effective as a solo protagonist, having four other playable characters, each with their own lengthy and fleshed-out storylines, adds immense value to Yakuza 5. These journeys are personal, and plot threads intertwine like those of a Tarantino film, and converge at the end like a narrative Voltron.
Kazuma kicks off Yakuza 5 on an intriguing note: disguised as a taxi driver making a modest living in Fukuoka. Between highway racing challenges and standard driving missions, there's a lot of entertaining taxi gameplay to distract you from the story for hours. Unlike other games of its ilk, Yakuza 5 treats driving around city streets as a challenge, with strict traffic laws to follow--until you get on the highways, where anything goes. Another chapter puts you in the shoes of ex-con Taiga Saejima, deep in a snowy forest and far away from the game's concrete jungles This leads to a surprisingly engrossing hunting minigame where stalking prey without startling them is harder than it looks--especially when the intensity of snowfall fluctuates frequently--causing you to take a breath and compose yourself before every shot.
Although Yakuza 5 never attempts to be a real simulation of life in Japan, the areas of selective realism within are one of its biggest draws.
Taxi racing and hunting are just two of myriad diversions that support Yakuza 5's tale, and with over two dozen types of minigames, there's a lot to discover when you're out and about. It's brilliant that arcades in the game feature an arcade-perfect version of Virtua Fighter 2 and that Namco Bandai's Taiko Drum Master exists, even if it only has a three-song playlist. Casino games like poker and baccarat are well-represented, as are traditional sports practice areas like batting centers and driving ranges. When enduring the failure of my fifth attempt at grabbing a plush toy from a UFO Catcher, I couldn't help by recall my struggles at the similar games of chance in Shenmue, and in real life.
Yakuza 5 is the closest thing we'll get to a proper Taxi Driver video game.
Nothing in Yakuza 5 underscores the series' passage of time more than Haruka Sawamura's story arc. Originally the young girl who was the plot's focal point in the first game, she is now sixteen years old. Her continued and consistent relevance in the series serves as one of the many rewards to fans who have followed Yakuza since the first game. In Haruka's world, there is only one sensible career path for a Japanese teenage girl: idol singer. I afforded myself one eyeroll at this unoriginal premise before I wholeheartedly jumped into the early stages of her burgeoning career.
Given the series' history with rhythm-based action, mostly through karaoke, this chapter will be familiar to Yakuza fans. It's not just about matching button inputs to on-screen prompts during a practice session in the dance studio. There are meet-and-greets with fans, appearances on various TV shows, and even dance-offs in the streets.
Haruka's songs are more infectious and tolerable than anything by Sega's Hatsune Miku.
Haruka's variety show appearances are impressively authentic, not just with the banter between her and the host, but also with the lighting and camerawork. It's not for everybody, but it's a welcome interlude from the heavy doses of suspense and intrigue in the other plotlines. Still, Yakuza 5 never veers too far from the beaten path, with Rival idols and conflicts with competing management companies providing a dash of drama to Haruka's tale.
Although Yakuza 5 never attempts to be a real simulation of life in Japan, the areas of selective realism within are one of its biggest draws. I still remember walking into a convenience store in the first game and admiring the level of detail, from the magazines to the bright and unflattering overhead lighting. This and many other types of business look all the more detailed in Yakuza 5, right down to the pastel color schemes in the pharmacies. And as much as one can survive the game's more hostile sections with a boost from energy drinks, sometimes you just want a bowl of health-replenishing ramen or curry. Given all Yakuza 5's urban attractions and the vibrancy of most of its various large locales, you'd think that Sega received a subsidy from the Japan National Tourism Organization.
The core combat in Yakuza 5 is mostly unchanged since the first game and it's a credit to the series that this hasn't become totally stale after all these years. Fans will immediately recognize Kazuma's fighting animations, especially when he's smashing opponents' faces with a unusual weapon, including the likes of a bicycle. The tried-and-tested combat serves Yakuza 5 well, but without any type of counter system for self-defense, it shows its age.
You'd be surprised what Taiga Saejima can pick up.
Make no mistake, though, there is depth to Yakuza 5's combat. Throws, dodges, and opportunities to learn new moves ensure that fights aren't a one-dimensional affair. The series was one of the first street brawlers to include context-sensitive environmental finishing moves, a feature that was improved upon by United Front Games' Sleeping Dogs, and it's put to great use here. Smashing a thug's face on the side of a building never gets old; it always looks brutal, but more importantly, it offers a gratifying sense of finality to a fight. As much as you can mash your way to victory with quick attacks, these deadlier moves are doubly effective in scaring off the other gangsters, turning a sixty-second brawl into a fifteen-second display of intimidating might. Of course, moments of slapstick complement the harsh side of combat, including the use of an injured foe as a weapon against his unfortunate buddies, adding insult to injury.
Yakuza 5 makes up for its modest shortcomings with enthralling diversions and eye-popping settings that compel one to look at travel deals to Japan.
While playing the prior games isn't a prerequisite, loyal fans who have followed the Yakuza series up to this point will feel rewarded with every throwback, whether it's the return of a supporting character or a revisit to a ramen shop that has remained in business for multiple games. Even if melee combat lacks the sophistication of modern action games, Yakuza 5 makes up for its modest shortcomings with enthralling diversions and eye-popping settings that compel one to look at travel deals to Japan. Come for the stories, but stick around for Yakuza 5's world; it's unconventional in the best way possible
Anti-Confederacy protesters took to the streets in Dallas, Texas, and attacked police officers at the end of a heated round of standoffs. Approximately 2,300 people turned out for the Saturday evening protest that lingered into the night.
“Cops and Klan go hand in hand,” chanted one group of protesters dressed in all-black, including masks, Fox4 Dallas reported. That group split off from the main march and headed toward the targeted Confederate monument. The local Fox affiliate reported some of the protesters donned gas masks and began throwing bottles at police officers.
Police reported several arrests, but no injuries, after they finally dispersed the crowd after the group's permit expired at 9:30 p.m. Following the attacks, police put on riot gear and mounted patrol officers helped clear the park.
The rally, dubbed “Dallas Against White Supremacy,” began around 7:30 p.m. and drew more than 2,000 people to City Hall. Protesters carried signs denouncing white supremacy and President Donald Trump.
Groups calling for the tearing down of Confederate monuments came face to face with a smaller group dedicated to preserving the historical symbols. At one point, police led a man who confronted the anti-white supremacy protesters away from the scene to avoid escalation. The crowd began to chant, “Shame on you. Shame on you.”
The Dallas Morning News praised the protesters, claiming they “reflected America's diversity.”
“Take them down. Take them down,” protesters chanted referencing nearby Confederate memorial statues.
“White supremacy comes with a body count,” Rev. Michael Waters, a senior pastor of Joy Tabernacle AME Church and one of the leaders of Faith Forward Dallas, told the crowd gathered near City Hall. “The blood of our ancestors cry out … justice should be delayed no more.”
Dallas police protected the crowd with heavy buses to prevent someone from driving into the crowd and with overhead sharpshooters to prevent the type of ambush attack that left five Dallas-area police officers dead following a 2016 Black Lives Matter protest.
One counter-protester, Charles Foy, said he is concerned about removing the history associated with the monuments. While he supports a civil discussion about the statues, he expressed concern that “we'll have to do it to all the monuments, including George Washington.”
While some protesters carried firearms, police reported no arrests or injuries related to someone carrying or discharging a weapon.
One group, Texas Elite III Percent, told reporters they brought their firearms to “make sure things don't get out of hand.” A spokesman said they had no intention of being violent and brought the firearms as a tool of last resort.
The Asian Women's Fund was established by the Japanese government in 1995 in the wake of an investigation into the Japanese military's use of comfort women during World War II. The fund's purpose was to convey Japan's apologies for their treatment of the women, give them compensation and put up medical and welfare assistance to the surviving ones who had finally come forward and told their stories.
The issue of comfort women is still a contentious one in Japan as well as in the Asian countries where the exploitation and brutalization of these women occurred. Due to a raft of aggressive campaign orchestrated by South Korean government, the issue has been echoed from South Korea to the U.S.
How the Fund Stared
In 1995, the administration of Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama acknowledged their brutality and abuse of women during the war and expressed apology, and wanted to atone for their transgressions. They found that reparations had indeed been made through the 1951 San Francisco Peace Treaty and the 1965 Japan-South Korea Claim Agreement which was signed at the same time as Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea wherein war-related issues were discussed and settled.
But Japan wanted to do more. It formed the Asian Women's Fund, a government initiated organization run by private individuals and financed by a combination of government funds and donations from generous Japanese entities.
The sum of donated funds reached 565 million yen and Japanese government had also additionally contributed 4.8 billion yen. Comfort women numbering 285, with majority coming from the Philippines, and the rest from Indonesia, the Netherlands, Taiwan and South Korea, received an average of 2 million yen each (about $19,000), with more money spent for their medical care and other projects that would benefit the comfort women in particular and the general elderly population in Indonesia.
The circumstances leading to the creation of the Fund began with the 1978 memoir of Lieutenant Yasuhiro Nakasone. Titled “Commander of 3,000 Men at 23,” Nakasone gave an account of his role in the sexual slavery of women for Japanese soldiers, starting with a comfort house in Borneo. Since prostitution in Japan had been an open industry, although not legal, the comfort houses and their inhabitants had not been a moral issue. But the shortage of willing women eventually led to the Japanese Army luring and coercing women from other countries with false promises of jobs. Yasuhiro Nakasone went on to become Japan's prime minister from 1982-1987.
In the 1990s, documents from the library of Japan's Self Defense Ministry detailing the military's involvement in comfort houses surfaced. Eventually hundreds of documents were found within various government departments. Adding to the clamor for deeper investigation was Seiji Yoshida's memoirs in 1977 and 1983, recounting the horrors of the war and highlighting the comfort women issue. In the later developments of research however, Yoshida's accounts were debunked by scholars and historians for being false.
Further research led to testimonies from survivors and in 1993, then Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono released the Kono Statement. The statement acknowledges the Japanese military's involvement, whether direct or indirectly, in the presence of comfort houses and at least the coercion of comfort women both before and during World War II. The Kono Statement led to the Japanese government's creation of the Fund in 1995.
Mixed Reactions of Other Countries to the Asian Women's Fund
Although the Fund was created with the best of motives, not all intended recipients greeted it with appreciation and gratitude, maybe much to Japan's surprise. Some of the comfort women from these countries were after all living in poverty and could have made good use of the money to improve their living conditions and get medical treatment they couldn't otherwise afford. If it were up to the individual women, they would have enthusiastically accepted the assistance from Japan, but in South Korea, government officials and sanctimonious organizations put pressure on these women to refuse.
Raising the loudest objections, the South Korean government and a non-governmental organization, The Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan, or Korean Council for short, lambasted the Fund and its meager offers. They conveniently forgot that Japan had given the government a grant of 300 million dollars and loans of 200 million dollars in 1965by the conclusion of Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea.
The same reaction happened in Taiwan- the organization Taipei Women's Rescue Foundation objected to the source of money of the Fund. They argued that the Japanese government, not private donors, should pay the compensation. Conforming to its rhetoric, the foundation and the government separately paid each woman a sum of money to refuse the AWF offer. Taiwan is displeased that various national governments, yielding to pressure from China, carry out their governmental activities using not the name of the government but the name of some private organization, and it is possible that it reacted negatively to the fact that the Asian Women's Fund took a “private” form.
The Philippines, Netherlands and Indonesia valued the action of the Japanese in reaching out to the victims of war and accepted its apology and the monetary remuneration, with varying terms. Indonesia wanted the projects to benefit their elderly citizens and not limited to the comfort women. The Netherlands, acknowledging that Japan had made its reparations in the San Francisco Peace Treaty, expressed their sentiments that the AWF is a private matter between Japan and the comfort women. Two organizations in the Philippines initially made some noise about their objections to the Fund but shortly soon saw how it could help the women have a better quality of life in terms of health, better nutrition and comfort.
Within Japan, diehard nationalists saw the Fund as an admission of guilt and a confession that the army had indeed committed the crimes attributed to them.
More Information about the AWF
Misconceptions about the Asian Women's Fund were brought about by a lack of information that should have been made public. The officers admitted as much, presumably because their efforts were focused on its provisions and the mechanics by which it would be operated. This is understandable since the Fund was not a publicity stunt but a sincere deed to atone for past offenses and offer aid in the form of projects and financial help. Certainly, the AWF was not run by PR people but by esteemed statesmen headed by Bunbei Hara, previous chairman of the upper House of the Japanese Diet. It was also under the supervision of the Cabinet and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Wada Haruki, a professor emeritus of Tokyo University and a proponent of the AWF, stated that although money can never erase the pain inflicted by the war, the Fund and its provisions are a promise that Japan will never commit the same mistakes again.
The fund was established primarily to compensate the surviving comfort women of the comfort house system. In 1994 there was still much debate over the issue of comfort women. Many in the ruling parties believed that Japan could not compensate the women individually because compensation had already supposedly been dealt with in the Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea (the 1965 Japan-South Korea Claim Agreement) between Japan and South Korea. PM Murayama, highly esteemed even in China and in South Korea for his completing Murayama Statement, said as much during the opening rites of the AWF:
“Established on this occasion and involving the cooperation of the Government and citizens of Japan, the “Asian Women's Fund” is an expression of atonement on the part of the Japanese people toward these women and supports medical, welfare, and other projects. As articulated in the proponents' Appeal, the Government will do its utmost to ensure that the goals of the AWF are achieved.”
Thereafter, a letter of apology had been sent to the Former Comfort Women from the series of Prime Ministers with their autographic signature.
How the Recipients Benefited from the AWF
Comfort women who had accepted the apology and money from the Asian Women's Fund were profuse in their thanks and gratitude to the Japanese government and its people for many reasons:
They gained peace of heart that Japan finally acknowledged its sins and apologized. For years, these women were pariahs in their own lands, scorned by mainstream society and ostracized by neighbors, friends and even their own families. Quite a few people did not believe that stories of rape and torture but chose instead to think that all the women went into the sex industry willingly. That Japan reaffirmed the victims' stories paved the way for these women to be accepted back into society.
Majority of the women are poor and all of them are old. Due in parts to their social outcast status, jobs were hard to find. Moreover the women are now suffering from chronic and age-related diseases that require regular checkups and maintenance medication. But because they lacked sufficient funds for medical consultations and treatment, the women suffered from the complications of the diseases. Included in the improvement of their physical health is being able to afford enough food to provide them with proper nutrition.
Their living conditions were enhanced from the money the Fund gave. From their derelict shanties, they were able to build better and sturdier houses, furnish them with fixtures and appliances for a more comfortable way of life and enjoy the small pleasures of watching television and listening to the radio.
The AWF sponsored projects to benefit and sustain medical and welfare projects for the women, and in some cases, even the elderly who did not go through the sufferings that these women endured. Social workers and health providers did regular follow ups of the women and their living conditions and made the appropriate reports. In Indonesia, as their government requested, homes for the aged and medical clinics were put up to serve the old population, giving preference to the comfort women. A total of 69 facilities were built through the Fund and any person admitted to them was allowed to stay there until his or her death.
In Taiwan, a well-meaning lawyer took up the cudgels for the women victims of war who were under pressure and thus afraid to accept the Fund's assistance. He undertook the process of filling up their application forms and obtaining the necessary documents. He also made sure that their aid from the Taiwan government would not be stopped. The women were profoundly grateful to Japan and the lawyer and were able to avail of medical treatments and physical needs. They ate better food, live in better houses and enjoy the little comforts in living.
There are no reports of how the 61 South Korean women who accepted the Fund's offers fared.
The Termination of the AWF
The Fund completed its projects on different dates in each country. In South Korea, the project was terminated after several unsuccessful attempts by the Japanese to reach out to them. In the Netherlands, the project ended on July 1, 2001 after the women received the letter of apology and financial compensation. Aside from the monetary aid, the AWF also brought them emotional and mental closure.
In the Philippines, projects remained ongoing. They were coursed through the proper government agencies. Indonesia had the last closing period on January 2007 and the AWF was dissolved on March of the same year.
Comfort Women in Other Countries
The issue of sexual slavery exists in other countries in conflict and is committed even now. The South Korean government is embarrassingly embroiled in a lawsuit filed by its own women who suffered rape and indignities at the hands of the American soldiers in the Korean war. Interestingly, the women are not so much angry at the US but at their own officials for encouraging the practice to keep the good relations between the United States and South Korea.
In the Vietnam War, the Sokor soldiers raped and abused thousands of Vietnamese women, impregnated them and forced abortions on some. They were abandoned and now live in shame, their children called Lai Dai Han looked down on by their own countrymen.
The mass rape of Bosnian women in the Bosnian War, the Rwanda genocide, the rape of native women in African countries by NGO personnel and humanitarian workers – these are only some of the sexual abuses committed by people from other nations and still ongoing in some.
It leaves the question of why Japan is being singled out for war crimes when many others are also doing them. This is not to condone Japan's actions that were done 70 or so years ago but to point out that the country has made atonements for.
Texas combo guard Darius McNeill confirmed to Cyclone Fanatic on Friday that he has requested a full release from his national letter of intent with Iowa State. He signed with the Cyclones in November.
McNeill, a 6-foot-2, 165-pound three-star prospect, is rated as the No. 29 shooting guard in the class by 247. He's the No. 146 player in the class and No. 10 prospect in Texas.
He was set to arrive on campus in Ames in time for summer school in June.
Once, or if, Iowa State grants his release, the Cyclones will have three open scholarships for the 2017-18 season. The school will have the final say in granting the release and whether or not it will include restrictions.
McNeill has not made a reason for his request known.
Stay tuned to Cyclone Fanatic for more on this story.
Addiction in Its Simplest Form (Short Animation)
This short animation created by Andreas Hykade breaks down what drug addiction looks like in its simplest form. It's remarkably catching and has created a buzz around the web.
The bird-like creature is caught up and will not let go of the golden nugget. The golden nugget represents any drug of choice – alcohol, cocaine, opiates, benzos, heroin and much more. Not only does it represent drugs, but bad habits that can't be shaken off, such as gambling addiction, porn addiction and binge eating. The bird's sole focus is to ride the high created by the mysterious golden nugget.
Unfortunately, each fall after launching off into a whole new realm gets bumpier and more aggressive. Even the flight itself is short-lived and does not live up to its original glory. Sound familiar?
Is ignorance bliss? Had the bird not tasted the golden nugget in the first place, it would have been on a longer journey to find its satisfaction. Are we bound to find something else better than addiction? Will the walk be aimless?
These are some of the questions an addict or even a first-time substance user asks. It's a slippery slope, but it can be avoided with the right support and professional help.
Presented in the simplest manner, this animation will give you a clear understanding of how addiction sneaks up on you with no warnings and starts discreetly consuming you.
Unfortunately, breaking the addiction cycle is not as simple as starting it, which is why people struggle to get back into their normal groove with the help of experts at treatment centers. However, neglecting to seek treatment promises a far more tragic end than the challenge of starting down the road to recovery.
Help is waiting for you when you are ready.
The Raspberry Pi is one of the most versatile and innovative pieces of technology ever made. It's captured the imagination of many budding developers and even some experienced ones, highlighted by the numerous projects its been utilised in.
We've compiled a whole host of these fun projects developed from around the world to inspire more budding makers and designers to pick up the tiny computers and build to their heart's content.
Install full Windows 10 on Raspberry Pi 3
The Windows on ARM (WoA) installer, available on GitHub, can be used to install Microsoft's operating system on the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B or B+ boards. Previously, only the stripped-down Windows IoT Core operating systems were available on Raspberry Pi devices, but this new package offers the functionality of a full Windows 10 OS.
The installer is available on GitHub and is designed for simplicity and ease of use, requiring bundled binaries and the WoA core package.
YouTuber Novaspirit Tech posted a tutorial for installing Windows 10 on Raspberry Pi 3.
You'll need a set of binaries and software, all available on the GitHub page. You'll also need a Raspberry Pi 3 B or B+, a Windows 10 ARM64 image, which can be found linked on the GitHub page, and a decent microSD card with at least 16 GB of storage and an A1 rating.
Set up Raspberry Pi as a VPN server
A VPN allows you to mask your online identity so your activity can't be tracked as you browse the internet, download content or participate in conversations. VPNs can be used on regular computers too and the process is pretty much the same when using a micro-computer like Raspberry Pi. There are lots of VPN programs available for Raspberry Pi, including Express VPN, HideMy Ass, IPVanish and SaferVPN.
But what takes this to the next level is using your Raspberry Pi as a VPN server creating a personal VPN hotspot to stop information about your identity being passed on to any website used on your network. By installing a client on the Raspberry Pi, connect it to your router and it'll scramble your identity before it hits the external network.
To set your Raspberry Pi up as a VPN server, first install Raspbian to access the command line and then you can use the PiVPN script to install a VPN client to protect your communications. We recommend using OpenVPN as your VPN client, although it can be used with lots of others too. For more detailed instructions to set your Raspberry Pi up as a VPN server, you can follow the guide on our sister site, Cloud Pro.
Host an Apache server
One of the easiest and most practical uses of the Raspberry Pi is as a low-cost web server, which you can use to host simple websites. Cloud-based hosting is arguably easier and more practical, but setting up a basic server is an excellent way to get to grips with server and networking technology.
You'll need to pick which software you use to power your server, and Apache is one of the most popular options. Apache is open source, and free to download and use - the software is estimated to power almost 40% of all of the active websites in the world. The raspberry Pi foundation has created a handy guide to setting up an Apache server on the Pi, which you can find here.
Create a captive portal for your guest Wi-Fi
Captive portals are pieces of network software that restrict access to a network until the user who's attempting connect has undertaken some action - usually logging in, or agreeing to a set of terms and conditions. If you've ever used the guest Wi-Fi at a hotel, airport or coffee shop, you've almost certainly used a captive portal.
You can use a Raspberry Pi to create a captive portal for your own guest Wi-Fi network, which can be used to increase security, collect data and add an air of polish and professionalism to your network. You can use this in-depth guide to set up your captive portal, but be warned that it's a fairly complex process.
Give Pi some facial recognition
This project uses a Raspberry Pi to carry out facial recognition. Using a camera module add-on and some code, you can quickly set up a Raspberry Pi to recognise someone's face. In this case, the developer used a number of images of his face and also those of actor Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park to train the system.
Unfortunately, this one isn't for beginners, as you need to have knowledge of coding, or at least some basic principles. Fortunately, this project follows on from a tutorial on how to set up a facial recognition system using OpenCV, Python and deep learning.
More details on how to set this up can be found in this pretty comprehensive, but easy to follow guide.
Build a PiBot
Arguably one of the most impressive of all the amazing projects you can undertake is the fact that you can put together a Raspberry Pi-powered robot. You'll need a couple of things to get started, but can shortcut the process by getting a ready-made kit.
Such kits can take many forms, of course, and ranges from cheap and cheerful models to the highly technical professional creations that really bring the 'wow' factor. For instance, one team created a PiTank with a functioning ping-pong ball cannon, in a bid to demonstrate the potential for PiBots.
You can find out more in our guide to building a Raspberry Pi robot, including a breakdown on the components you need, and step-by-step instructions.
Build your own Raspberry Pi-powered laptop
Understanding how computers work is the whole idea behind the Raspberry Pi, so what better way to do so than by constructing your very own laptop? You need to check out the Pi-Top, a creative kit that allows you to build your very own laptop powered by the little Raspberry Pi.
It includes a 14in 1080p screen, a complete full-sized keyboard, a trackpad and an internal cavity where you can fit in your own electronic creations. The Pi-Top is great for absolutely anyone who wants to jump into the world of hobby computing. And the best part? You get a fully-functional laptop at the end of it to play around with.
Create a home-made Nintendo Switch
Nintendo's newest console, the portable Nintendo Switch, has made a huge splash with fans anxious to get their hands on it. However, limited supplies of the device have meant that many have been sadly disappointed. If you haven't been lucky enough to pick one up, fear not – you can simply follow in one enterprising student's footsteps and build your own home-made version out of a Raspberry Pi!
The 'NinTIMdo RP' uses a 3D-printed case to house a 7in touchscreen and controller buttons, and runs the popular RetroPie emulation software. It may not actually play Nintendo Switch games or feature any of the fancy features like removable motion controllers, but as portable retro consoles go, it's one of the more inventive ones.
Make the Raspberry Pi 3 10mm thinner
A well-known hardware hacker called 'Node' has managed to shrink the Raspberry Pi 3 down from 17mm thick to 7mm, calling his invention the Raspberry Pi 3 Slim. Node explained he wanted to create a device with more power than the Pi Zero, but the same rough size and this meant removing the majority of the ports and unnecessary components from the microcomputer.
To ensure the modified Raspberry Pi 3 could still achieve Node's target of allowing it to operate without a display, keyboard, or mouse attached, he sawed off the existing USB and Ethernet ports and replaced them with three micro USB ports soldered inside the case.
"The main point of this, besides my obsession with making electronics smaller, is to create an easy, plug and plug headless computer," Node explained on his blog.
"Depending on what you're doing it could work well for a general headless system or server application. The small size also means it's more portable, and I could imagine it working well for some kind of wireless access point, piratebox or a general node of some sort."
He's now made the designs available to download for those who have a 3D printer and wish to reduce the size of their Raspberry Pi 3.
Build a miniature camcorder
You can use the Raspberry Pi Zero to build a tiny camcorder. Devised by Wayne Keenan, the PiCorder uses a Pimoroni HyperPixel screen, Pi Zero camera module, and Zero LiPo plus LiPo battery pack.
With a bit of soldering, you have the hardware gubbins ready to go. All you need then is to install the HyperPixel driver on the Pi, and you are ready to record. The HyperPixel also sports a touchscreen, so you can add a graphical user interface to control it better if you like.
What it could do with, perhaps, is a case to protect the components. That would be an extra project for anyone looking to build a camera like this.
Image Credit: Wayne Keenan
TICKY FULLERTON, PRESENTER: What can be done about the high Aussie dollar? If you believe the pundits, not much. The board of the Reserve Bank meets next week to deliberate on interest rates amid growing calls to try to rein in the Australian dollar. Despite commodity prices falling and the slowdown in China, the Aussie remains stubbornly above parity with the greenback. And for now at least, it appears to have given up its role as the shock absorber for the economy.
Andrew Robertson reports.
ANDREW ROBERTSON, REPORTER: The Australian dollar has long been known as a commodity currency and commodity prices are falling, so why hasn't the dollar gone down with them?
HANS KUNNEN, CHIEF ECONOMIST, ST GEORGE BANK: Yes, commodity prices are softening, but they're still way above where they were three, four, five, six years ago. And with our interest rates relatively high, I just see it staying around parity.
ANDREW ROBERTSON: It's that differential with other countries the Reserve Bank is under pressure to reduce to make the Australian dollar less attractive to investors looking for that interest rate return. But St George Bank's Hans Kunnen says don't hold your breath waiting for a rate cut on that basis.
HANS KUNNEN: The Reserve Bank doesn't have the Australian dollar in its key performance indicators. Its remit is keep an eye on inflation. It's not just part of their game to play with a currency.
ANDREW ROBERTSON: The RBA will react at times if the dollar swings violently, but Commonwealth Bank currency strategist Joseph Capurso points out that movements in recent times have been orderly.
JOSEPH CAPURSO, CURRENCY STRATEGIST, COMMONWEALTH BANK: The last time they intervened to support the Aussie was in 2008. That's only because liquidity in the Aussie dollar dried up during the GFC. But we certainly don't have those liquidity problems now.
ANDREW ROBERTSON: Adding to the upward pressure on the Aussie dollar is that like the Swiss franc it's now seen as a safe haven for investors wanting to escape the economic woes of Europe and the US. The Swiss central bank has spent billions trying to keep a lid on the franc, but CBA's Joseph Capurso believes even if the RBA wanted to follow suit, it wouldn't work.
JOSEPH CAPURSO: The Aussie dollar has about three times more liquidity than the Swiss franc. So controlling the Aussie dollar would be a lot more difficult for the RBA than it is for the Swiss National Bank.
ANDREW ROBERTSON: Put simply, the Reserve Bank doesn't have the money.
KPMG's Nicki Hutley believes the interest rate differential and safe haven status are adding 15 cents to the dollar's value. Which, she points out, means the Australian dollar would still be very strong without those forces.
NICKI HUTLEY, DIRECTOR OF ECONOMICS, KPMG: The Australian dollar has moved to a new structural level, and from time to time I hear companies say, "Oh, when the Aussie gets back to 70 cents." And I say to them, "You are not going to see that, certainly not in my lifetime."
ANDREW ROBERTSON: Nicki Hutley thinks the removal of the interest rate and safe haven premiums from the Australian dollar is firmly in the hands of a central bank, but not Australia's.
NICKI HUTLEY: If you saw the slightest sign that the US economy was doing a little bit better and that that no change in interest rate policy was suddenly a now we're going to review interest rate policy so there was a slight bias towards raising rates, I think you would see a very quick turnaround in the currency.
ANDREW ROBERTSON: But that's a long way off and it won't be helped by the strength of the federal budget. The Treasurer has revealed the final position from last year's budget was $700 million better than expected and he's sticking by his forecasts for a return to surplus this year.
ZHUHAI, China - By winning her third WTA title of the year in Zhuhai, Venus Williams, a seven-time Grand Slam champion and former World No.1, secured her return to the Top 10 on the WTA Rankings.
And so, her legendary career continues - here are seven amazing stats about Venus' Top 10 return:
1) Venus was out of the Top 10 for more than four and a half years.
The last time Venus was in the Top 10 was the Miami fortnight in 2011 (March 21 to April 3). Born This Way by Lady Gaga was No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100; Moves Like Jagger wasn't even released yet.
2) She's fought her way back from outside the Top 100.
During her seven-month Sjögren's Syndrome lay-off between September 2011 and March 2012, Venus fell out of the Top 100 for 29 weeks - bottoming out at No.137 the week of February 13, 2012.
3) She isn't just inching back into the Top 10 - she's going all the way to No.7.
By collecting the hefty champion's haul of 700 points in Zhuhai, Venus rises from No.11 to No.7 on the WTA Rankings, passing Flavia Pennetta, Lucie Safarova, Angelique Kerber and Timea Bacsinszky.
4) She's the oldest player to be in the Top 10 since New Year's Day, 1995.
At age 35, Venus is the oldest player to be in the Top 10 on the WTA Rankings since a 38-year-old Martina Navratilova was in there the week of December 26, 1994 (which ended on January 1, 1995).
5) She's also broken back into the Top 10 at the best time: year-end rankings time.
This is Venus' 12th Top 10 finish: 1998 (No.5), 1999 (No.3), 2000 (No.3), 2001 (No.3), 2002 (No.2), 2004 (No.9), 2005 (No.10), 2007 (No.8), 2008 (No.6), 2009 (No.6), 2010 (No.5) and 2015 (No.7).
6) This will be her 555th career week in the Top 10.
Venus had already spent 554 career weeks in the Top 10 between March 30, 1998 and April 3, 2011 (a 679-week period - so she spent 81.6% of that time in there). She now hits a nifty 555 career weeks.
7) Venus' first week in the Top 10 came more than 17 years ago. Yes, more than 17 years ago.
Venus first broke the Top 10 on March 30, 1998, right after winning her first huge title in Miami. She was 17 years and 9 months old at the time - she's now almost twice that at 35 years and 6 months.
To put that last stat in perspective, the first week Venus was Top 10, Gettin' Jiggy Wit It by Will Smith was the No.1 song in the US and Titanic the No.1 movie. So she was Top 10 when this happened:
This article used insights from WTA partner SAP, a worldwide leader in enterprise software.
For her analysis (spotted recently by Aviva Shen at ThinkProgress ), Schwartz collected data on civil rights settlements related to police misconduct from 44 large and 37 small or midsized police departments across the United States, covering the years 2006 to 2011. Altogether, these departments employ about 20 percent of the nation's officers.
"I do imagine the officers will be indemnified," she says. "If you look at big cases involving the NYPD that settled between 2006 and 2011, including suits relating to the shooting of Sean Bell, there was no contribution by involved officers. New York has required officers to contribute small amounts when officers have been found to be acting outside of policy. I suppose this could happen in this case, but feel fairly certain given my research about indemnification that the involved officers would, at most, be required to contribute a minuscule fraction of any amount collected by the family."
Joanna Schwartz of UCLA Law School, who's analyzed police misconduct cases across the country, has found that police officers are "virtually always indemnified" against civil damages. As a result, she writes in a recent paper in the New York University Law Review, "taxpayers almost always satisfy both compensatory and punitive damages awards entered against their sworn servants." Schwartz tells CityLab she expects the Garner case to be no different.
The latter claim may only lead to yet another injustice in the case—this one against New York City taxpayers. Because if history is any guide, it's not Pantaleo himself who's likely to foot the bill for civil compensation, or even the NYPD as a whole, but rather city residents.
We know criminal justice won't be served in the case of Eric Garner, at least at the local level. A Staten Island grand jury made sure of that Wednesday by failing to indict Daniel Pantaleo of the NYPD, whose videotaped chokehold led to Garner's death in the eyes of a city medical examiner. But the case is far from over: a federal investigation is planned, and the family reportedly has filed notice that it will sue the city for $75 million , a great sum if a shallow solace.
The information showed that cops very rarely pay out of their own pockets for their civil-rights mistakes. In 9,225 cases in the large cities that were settled or judged for the victim, more than $735 million in damages were awarded. But officers personally paid less than $171,300 of that total—or just .02 percent. In the small or midsized cities, according to Schwartz's research, officers don't appear to have paid a penny of the roughly $9.4 million awarded to victims.
The pattern holds true even in jurisdictions that ostensibly prohibit or severely limit indemnification by law (including New York City), as well as when officers are disciplined or terminated by their department. Schwartz writes:
Despite the wide variation in indemnification statutes, there is little variation in outcome—officers almost never pay.
Of the 44 large police departments analyzed by Schwartz, the NYPD did by far hold the most officers personally accountable: 35 of the 38 or 40 total cops who weren't fully indemnified. (Only three to five of these departments held anyone financially responsible, according to Schwartz's figures.) In 34 cases, New York City officers paid a total of $114,000—or .03 percent of all the money paid to local victims of civil rights violations during the six-year study window. The median personal payment from these cops came to $2,125.
The one time an NYPD officer paid a settlement in full—in this case, $16,500—was when he was off-duty and his dog attacked someone.
The situation persists despite the fact that civil rights doctrine relies on the assumption that cops who violate these rights will pay damages themselves, according to Schwartz. The fear of being sued is supposed to act as a deterrent to abuse of power by police (over and above, one hopes, any personal sense of morality). The law is also supposed to protect city residents from bearing responsibility for officer misconduct; as the Supreme Court has ruled, "[n]either reason nor justice suggests that such retribution should be visited upon the shoulders of blameless or unknowing taxpayers."
But that system is clearly broken. Here's Schwartz again (emphasis mine):
For several decades, the Supreme Court has crafted civil rights doctrines—including qualified immunity and limitations on municipal liability and punitive damages—based on unfounded assumptions, and many times has done so in ways that make it more difficult for plaintiffs to prevail. This Article rebuts one of those assumptions: that law enforcement officers are personally responsible for settlements and judgments entered against them.
Schwartz doesn't go so far as to suggest that cities should eliminate indemnification and make officers fully liable in these cases. First and foremost, such a policy might not help the victims, as most cops would go bankrupt long before they could pay up. Given how few city departments hold any officers responsible at all, argues Schwartz, New York's system of making some cops partially responsible might even be a step in the right direction. What's clear from the raw numbers, though, is that any such step made to date has still left quite a ways to go.
Top image: bikeriderlondon / Shutterstock.com
Nothing gets investors more excited than taxes these days. Except maybe for bitcoin, which has past $11,000 as we speak.
Back on the ground, Wall Street stocks look to be gearing up for records as optimism over a Republican tax plan grows. But as you revel in this bull market's gains, spare a thought for the money managers who are playing catchup as the year ends. And then thank them.
“Their desperate buying will likely keep a bid under this market and keep pushing us higher in the final weeks of the year,” notes Cracked Market's Jani Ziedins in a blog post.
That could only be good for some of the market's brightest stars this year, such as Tesla — TSLA, -0.30% which brings us to our call of the day, from Mott Capital Management founder Michael Kramer. Laying down his top predictions for 2018, he says Tesla shares could nearly double to $600 next year and reach a market cap of $100 billion.
It's a boldish call on the electric car company, which is up 48% this year and has rolled out big announcements, such as a self-driving semi. Plus, this blockbuster year for stocks has left some analysts unconvinced about a repeat of those good times in the year to come.
Here's Kramer's rationale: “Investors seem to be willing to forgive Tesla for its massive losses, significant cash burn rates, and the company's inability to never meet a deadline or hit a delivery target,” he says.
He thinks the market values Tesla much like it does Amazon AMZN, +0.21% , which seems to “pick and choose when it wants to miss, meet or beat analysts earnings estimates.”
Tesla has been just as maverick, but that hasn't hurt its ability to raise cash in the past, says Kramer, noting that Elon Musk's baby has traded pretty consistently around 2.75 times one-year forward sales estimates. Amazon is about two times for that metric, he says.
Tesla revenue estimates have risen nearly 20% over the past year, and should that trend continue, its valuation could approach $100 billion as early as next year, says Kramer. “Sales estimates for 2019 could start pricing in the Tesla semi-truck and possibly faster growth,” he adds.
Should you doubt the greatness of this call, then check out these articles: Tesla could become a victim of its own success, says UBS and Morgan Stanley says brace for a wild Tesla ride in 2018.
Key market gauges
The Dow DJIA, -0.13% is moving towards 24,000 at the start. But things are less peppy where the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% and Nasdaq COMP, -0.07% are concerned. In Asia ADOW, +0.48% , stocks mostly shrugged off that North Korea missile launch. It was in Asian hours that bitcoin BTCUSD, +0.35% cracked $10,000 for the first time. It's now at $11K and who knows, $12,000?
MarketWatch
Europe stocks SXXP, +0.39% are hitting a 3-week high, thanks to banks. Crude US:CLF8 is down on concerns about U.S. supply data due later, as OPEC looms for tomorrow. Gold US:GCZ7 is off, while the pound GBPUSD, -0.0377% is surging again on hopes of a Brexit divorce deal. The dollar DXY, +0.10% is sagging.
See Market Snapshot for more.
The chart
Is GE's GE, +2.49% hard times over?
“GE appears to have found a bottom for now,” says The Wall Street Journal's Daily Shot, which offers up the following chart:
As the Daily Shot points out, a pickup in oil prices as of late has boosted shares, given the conglomerate's business has increasingly focused on energy.
GE shares are down about 41% year-to-date, hitting a low point earlier this month after investors gave the thumbs down to the company's turnaround plan. Also giving shares a lift recently have been purchases by executives such as CEO John Flannery.
The buzz
North Korea had a bit more to say about that missile it shot off, saying it can hit any point in the U.S., and giving it a name — the Hwasong-15.
Cryptocurrency interest is spiking right now, alongside the rise for bitcoin BTCUSD, +0.35% Silicon Valley venture capitalist Michael Arrington looks set to be going all in, announcing a $100 million hedge fund tied to bitcoin rival XRP, which was developed by Ripple.
Chipotle CMG, +0.48% is turning higher after initially dropping on news of a search for a new CEO.
Regal Entertainment US:RGC shares are up after U.K.'s Cineworld Group CINE, -0.50% made a $23-a-share cash offer for its fellow movie theater operator.
Aratana Therapuetics PETX, -1.44% is cruising higher premarket. The pet-medicine company canceled a stock offering that crushed its shares on Monday.
Autodesk ADSK, -0.38% is diving after the software company late Tuesday announced a restructuring plan along with its quarterly earnings. And Marvell MRVL, +0.91% looks set for an up day after quarterly results and its forecast were upbeat.
Meanwhile, Alibaba BABA, +0.16% says it will issue up to $7 billion of dollar-denominated bonds.
Read: Everything that Wall Street CEOs have said about bitcoin
The European Central Bank says look out for “large asset price corrections.”
As for Wednesday's data, GDP for the third quarter got bumped up to 3.3% in a revision to the strongest level in three years. Pending home sales and the Fed's beige book are also en route.
The stat
Reuters Saudi Arabian Prince Miteb bin Abdullah
More than $1 billion — that's how much one of the top Saudi princes, Miteb bin Abdullah, reportedly paid to settle charges against him after he was caught up in an anti-corruption sweep. An official told Reuters that Prince Miteb was accused of embezzlement, hiring so-called ghost employees and giving his own companies plush contracts.
The quote
Reuters Sen. Bernie Sanders
“Who in their right mind, with all due respect, believes that we should give massive tax breaks to millionaires, billionaires and large corporations?” — That was Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders, blasting the Republican tax plan in a Tuesday night debate with Sen. Ted Cruz (R. TX) on CNN.
This all comes after what was seen as progress on taxes Tuesday, after the Senate Budget Committee voted to advance the Republicans' tax bill.
Here's Cruz: “What Bernie wants to do is tax the living daylights out of you.”
The back and forth carried on via Twitter:
Bernie, you want to raise taxes on everyone. #TaxDebate https://t.co/FhLc0jxtW6 — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) November 29, 2017
Meanwhile, this graphic from the New York Times is making the rounds. It predicts what the Republican tax bill would look like for 25,000 middle-class families:
the New York Times
Read: The Trump tax calculator — will you pay more or less?
Random reads
Trump's latest tweets are raising some eyebrows:
has potus account been hacked? or is this really what he wants to project the worst image of muslims possible and put them vs christians? https://t.co/bx0bgNpuhP — Christopher C. Cuomo (@ChrisCuomo) November 29, 2017
Shockwaves after NBC fires anchor Matt Lauer
Police in Tampa may have caught a serial killer
Reddit AMA with U.K. plumber turned inventor, who holds over six Guinness records, has it all
“I am done being silent,” says woman who accused Roy Moore of molesting her as a teen.
Raw milk enthusiast? Get to a doctor now
The smart condom has arrived
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Beautiful Existence, who's vowed to eat and drink only Starbucks for 12 months. (Image Credit: Beautiful Existence)
Call it the Year of the Latte, or the Panini.
When the new year rolls around, some people vow to spend more time with their family. Others pledge to step up their Pilates routines. But Beautiful Existence - yes, that's the legal name of a real person, not a philosophical question - has another resolution for 2013: To eat and drink only items from Starbucks for 12 straight months.
In Photos: Outrageous Food
Based in Seattle - like Starbucks - Beautiful Existence, who's a wife, mother and veteran of the Year-Long Challenge (past resolutions have included her year of Goodwill hunting - that is, shopping only at the famed thrift shop, and " taking on" Parents magazine), is consuming only Starbucks' products, which can now include Tazo Tea and Evolution Fresh, as the coffee giant recently acquired them.
The way Beautiful Existence sees it, it's her duty as a "spoiled" American to test her mettle in such a way. After all, what about the less-fortunate who live in far-flung villages with no Starbucks, who can't indulge in such delicacies as Turkey Rustico Panini or Roasted Tomato & Mozzarella Panini, both of which Ms. Existence adores? Compared to how tough others have it, "Is it really going to be that hard for one year of my life to limit my menu?" she told MyNorthwest.com.
Not only is her goal to call attention to the plight of Panini-free people, she's also trying to make a feminist statement.
Think about it: Jared Fogle shot to fame after losing 245 pounds in one year by eating only Subway products. And Morgan Spurlock, whom Ms. Existence calls "Mr. McDonald's" in her blog, changed the way the world views fast food with his documentary "Supersize Me."
But where, Beautiful Existence laments, "are all the women challenging themselves in the world? Where are the effects being shown on a woman's culture? A woman's family and children? A woman's diet, weight, fashion, checkbook, community and world through challenges? Where is her voice on how an international company is directly or indirectly impacting everything from her waistline to her bottom line and every other woman's, man's, child's, societies and planets world with their presence?"
(Actually, a woman named Christine shed 54 pounds in two years by eating low-fat meals at Taco Bell, but it is unclear whether this had any impact on other planets.)
Ms. Existence also wanted to focus on businesses and organizations that are based in the Pacific Northwest. "I've been watching Starbucks for a while and I've known about how they're really tried to keep good benefits for the part-time workers and really good customer service," she told ABC News. "Howard Schultz has been participating in politics and the economic situation in our community; they are very environmental. I really wanted to do something that would have a little more depth when I get into it."
Starbucks, for its part, is "honored" by the whole thing.
"We think it's great," spokeswoman Linda Mills told ABC News. "It speaks to the variety of food and beverage items in our stores. … We're obviously very flattered that she would take on such an endeavor like this."
So far, Ms. Existence has been enjoying her challenge, although steering clear of baked goods has proved a little tough. And she recently confessed to almost blowing the whole thing by licking a batter-covered spoon during an evening brownie-baking session.
Still, none of this would be worth it if there were no hurdles.
That, after all, is what life is all about, she says. "Things start out with reservation and hesitation, even fear, loathing, upset or ridicule. But it's what that questioning leads to … the ideas, the engagement, the creativity, the expression, the involvement in life that make my questions, my challenges, my voice of only eating/drinking Starbucks for a year all the more sweet," she notes.
"Because it is the question itself that brings us to what it is to be a woman, a mother, a blogger, an eater and drinker of only Starbucks for a year, basically… what it is to be a human."
We'll raise a latte to that.
The recent round of sanctions against Russia for its support of separatists inside Ukraine promises to overheat in the months ahead. Investors holding the Market Vectors Russia (RSX) exchange traded fund should consider themselves forewarned and wait for further slips before buying. More importantly, Russia is not the only market that could catch a beating.
To date, Russia has not yet officially retaliated with in-kind sanctions against Europe, or the U.S., which added new names and companies banned from doing business with or traveling to the United States. Europe moved dangerously close to the Russian nerve center when it banned exports of certain oil and gas components. While that is surely better than an outright ban on contracting Russian natural gas, Russia could use gas as a weapon.
This is not looking good.
One can easily see how this “financial warfare” could easily spiral out of control if a resolution to the Ukrainian political crisis does not emerge.
As a consequence, increased barriers to free trade in Eastern Europe have emerged as an immediate piece of collateral damage. For instance, on Wednesday, Russia announced its intention to end its free trade deal with Georgia -- a country it's done battle with in the recent past -- and even went so far as to impose a general ban on fruit and vegetables imported from Poland.
Alexei Kudrin, the former Finance Minister who was fired by Vladimir Putin three years ago and returned to academia in St. Petersburg, recently admonished the sanctions war in a news story run by the Itar-Tass newswire. He said cooler heads are in short supply in Moscow these days.
His comment mirrors what an off-record Putin sidekick told the Financial Times this week in response to the International Court's ruling in the Hague that the Russian government must compensate Yukos Oil shareholders a record $50 billion: “There is war coming in Europe. Do you really think this (court decision) matters?”
Yukos are fully expropriated by the Russian government in October 2007 and delisted from the stock market. Russian courts said Yukos had run afoul of tax laws. The Hague disagreed.
Despite the longer-term dangers and uncertainties, Russian-Western relations have seemingly alternated between waves of “carrot and stick” diplomacy, notes Vladimir Signorelli, president of Bretton Woods Research, a top-down investment research firm that focuses on political risk.
"The sanctions announced may turn out to be a near-term peak in ‘stick' tactics," he says.
Despite reports that Ukraine is three weeks away from mopping up separatists, Ukraine's Finance Minister Oleksandr Shlapak warned that Kiev's financial ability to fund military operations in eastern Ukraine is nearly depleted. He said on July 24, “From August 1 we will not have any funds to pay the servicemen.” This, in part, may prompt a flurry of diplomatic overtures to broker a cease fire and to persuade Russia to publicly disavow any support for Ukrainian separatists following the downing of a Malaysian airliner two weeks ago due to a Russian-made missile fried from eastern Ukraine, where the bulk of the political unrest is now occurring.
On Tuesday, Ukraine's new President Petro Poroshenko -- a billionaire who has chocolate factories in Russia -- agreed to a summit with pro-Russia separatists in Belarus, a country that has close political ties to Moscow. In a sense, this is as close to an olive branch as one has seen since Russia annexed Crimea, a Ukrainian peninsula, on March 16. Doing his usual "good cop" impersonation, Putin told the Russian media that he welcomed the dialogue.
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who has been discussing the political standoff with his U.S. counterpart, John Kerry, for the past five months, said in the press: "When the moment of truth came, Minsk turned out to be an acceptable floor for holding negotiations between Ukraine's warring parties," he said about the capital city of Belarus.
On the plus side, an imminent round of diplomacy could significantly relieve beaten up Russian, European and even U.S. markets.
RSX is down 8.98% in the last four weeks while the general MSCI Emerging Markets index is up by roughly half a percent. The S&P 500 is down 2% while the MSCI Europe, as measured by Vanguard's MSCI Europe (VGK) ETF is off by 5.12%.
It is easy to attribute the recent, negative market reactions domestically and in Europe and Russia to heightened political risks. On a more granular level, the crystal balls of international portfolio managers are showing storm clouds gathering of a financial fist-fight being waged by the United States against Russia.
Treasury's latest round of sanctions target the financial, technology and defense industries. That's no surprise considering Treasury warned months ago that this would happen if Russia failed to convince ethnic Russians in east Ukraine to cease fire.
In the latest list of sanctioned entities, important Russian financial firms like the VTB Group, the Bank of Moscow, the Russian Agriculture Bank, and defense contractor United Shipbuilding Corporation were all banned from doing business with the U.S. It is unclear what that means for VTB Capital, the investment banking division of VTB Group. VTB has offices in the U.S. and has become one of Europe's leading investment banks for Eastern European and the Commonwealth of Independent States' deal making.
In terms of technology, Washington is basically saying that energy -- America's favorite call to arms -- is a target. They restricted the sale of fracking technology so Russia cannot develop its deep oil wells. Russia does not yet have this technology and often uses its state run media firm, RT, to lambast fracking as problematic for the environment.
Since the annexation of Crimea, the U.S. has been insisting that Europe move away from Russian natural gas and consider buying liquefied natural gas from the U.S. instead. Moscow is well aware of the hand Washington is playing.
On the financial side, the E.U. banned European firms from buying Russian bonds, equities or financial instruments of Russian state-owned banks with maturity of more than 90 days.
For defense contracts, the hefty 1.2 billion euro deal between Russia and France over a helicopter carrier remains in tact, but the E.U. placed an arms embargo that will block new weapons deals. This is a significant blow to Russian defense contractors because they currently sell around 3 billion euros worth of weapons each year to Europe.
"The combined sum of Tuesday's sanctions will certainly erode the growth outlook for Russia and Europe," says Signorelli of Bretton Woods. "If an agreement is not reached (in Minsk), we fear that the current geopolitical uncertainty and economic consequences of sanctions will grow and thus weigh on risk assets."
HTML5 sectioning elements, headings, and document outlines
A subject I have returned to a couple of times is how to use headings to make good document outlines in HTML documents. See Headings and document structure conclusions for a summary of my reasoning.
Recently I've been taking a closer look at how HTML5 changes the way document outlines are created. I'm not entirely sure that I have understood the specification fully, but if I have, I think the new outline algorithm requires you to think carefully when using the new sectioning elements ( article , section , nav , and aside ) if you also want a coherent document outline without untitled sections.
The HTML 4.01 outline
To explain what I mean, let's look at some examples. Here is a simplified HTML 4.01 markup structure of a typical “document/article” page:
<body> <div id="header">Site title etc.</div> <div id="nav"> <ul> <li><a href="/">Nav item</a></li> </ul> </div> <div id="main"> <h1>Article title</h1> <p>Article content.</p> <h2>Article sub-heading</h2> <p>More content.</p> <h3>Article sub-sub-heading</h3> <p>More content.</p> </div> <div id="content-secondary"> <h2>Sidebar heading</h2> <h3>Sidebar sub-heading</h3> </div> <div id="footer"> <h2>Footer heading</h2> <p>Footer content.</p> </div> </body>
That creates the following document outline (you can use the Web Developer extension to check document outlines):
Article title Article sub-heading Article sub-sub-heading Sidebar heading Sidebar sub-heading Footer heading
You could argue that the sidebar and footer headings don't really belong in the outline for the Article title, but let's leave that aside for now. The point here is that we have a clear outline of the headings on this page, with the title of the article as the top level heading. We want to keep that when converting this markup structure to HTML5.
The HTML5 outline
So let's take the HTML 4.01 structure and change it to make use of the sectioning elements in HTML5. Most tutorials and articles I've seen suggest something like this:
<body> <header> Site title etc. <nav> <ul> <li><a href="/">Nav item</a></li> </ul> </nav> </header> <article id="main"> <h1>Article title</h1> <p>Article content.</p> <h2>Article sub-heading</h2> <p>More content.</p> <h3>Article sub-sub-heading</h3> <p>More content.</p> </article> <aside> <h2>Sidebar heading</h2> <h3>Sidebar sub-heading</h3> </aside> <footer> <h2>Footer heading</h2> <p>Footer content.</p> </footer> </body>
For reasons of backwards compatibility I have not changed all headings to h1 elements as suggested in the HTML5 specification, instead keeping the same levels for all headings (using h1 everywhere has no effect on the HTML5 outline in this case anyway). Because of this the document outline will be identical to that in the HTML 4.01 example in a user agent that doesn't implement the HTML5 outline algorithm. However, if you use a tool such as the HTML5 outliner that does implement said algorithm you get this outline:
Footer heading Untitled NAV Article title Article sub-heading Article sub-sub-heading Sidebar heading Sidebar sub-heading
Say what? How did the footer heading become the top-level heading for this page? And what's with the “Untitled NAV”?
The footer is now the header?
First the footer. The footer element is not sectioning content, i.e. it does not create a new section. This leaves <h2>Footer heading</h2> as the only heading in the context of the body element's section. Since the body element is the document's sectioning root the outline algorithm makes it the top level heading, despite it being the last heading in the document and an h2 .
So how can we work around this, then? To prevent the footer's heading from becoming the page heading we can wrap the footer element's contents in a section element:
<footer> <section> <h2>Footer heading</h2> <p>Footer content.</p> </section> </footer>
This really feels like a hack, but it does move the footer heading to its expected position in the document outline. The problem is that it leaves the body element without a heading, so now the outline looks like this:
Untitled BODY Untitled NAV Article title Article sub-heading Article sub-sub-heading Sidebar heading Sidebar sub-heading Footer heading
nav sectioning
Now we have two untitled sections. The nav element is untitled since it is a sectioning element, and so the outline algorithm creates a new section for it. Since there is no heading in the nav element, it becomes “Untitled NAV”.
I'm not sure why nav is a sectioning element. Sure, navigation lists can often benefit from having a heading to label them, but since nav is a sectioning element you have to put a heading inside each nav element to avoid untitled sections in your outline. So let's do that:
<nav> <h2>Main navigation</h2> <ul> <li><a href="/">Nav item</a></li> </ul> </nav>
Avoiding “Untitled BODY”
To avoid making the body element an untitled section, you need a heading that is outside of any sectioning elements. The problem with this is that it prevents you from putting the actual content of a document inside an article element and at the same time have its heading be the document's top level heading.
Because of this the article element only seems useful when you have multiple articles on a single page sharing a common top level heading. Examples of this can be a home page or a blog's archive pages. But it doesn't seem to make sense on pages displaying a single article, such as this page.
I can think of a few different ways of approaching this problem.
Avoid using any sectioning elements
Forgetting about the sectioning elements removes the problem. Outlines will behave as before. The obvious drawback is that you miss out on any hypothetical advantages using these elements will give you once user agents support them. Not ideal.
Repeat the article title in a heading outside any sectioning element
Duplicating the main heading, then probably hiding it with CSS, just to get it in its proper place in the document outline? Probably not such a good idea, whether you look at it with your accessibility or your SEO hat on.
Make the site title the top level heading
Some argue that the site title/logo/organisation name should always be the top level heading. I don't share that opinion – I think it's the document title that's most important when you look at a single page.
Avoid using the article element on single-article pages
What about using the sectioning elements, but not wrap the content on single-article pages in an article element to make the article's heading end up in the body element? Something like this:
<body> <header> Site title etc. <nav> <h2>Main navigation</h2> <ul> <li><a href="/">Nav item</a></li> </ul> </nav> </header> <div id="main"> <h1>Article title</h1> <p>Article content.</p> <h2>Article sub-heading</h2> <p>More content.</p> <h3>Article sub-sub-heading</h3> <p>More content.</p> </div> <aside> <h2>Sidebar heading</h2> <h3>Sidebar sub-heading</h3> </aside> <footer> <h2>Footer heading</h2> <p>Footer content.</p> </footer> </body>
That gives us the following outline:
Article title Main navigation Article sub-heading Article sub-sub-heading Sidebar heading Sidebar sub-heading Footer heading
Getting close. The only issue here is that the orders of the headings in the outline doesn't match their order in the markup. That could potentially be confusing to someone who navigates by headings in a user agent that presents the headings in the outline order. I have no idea if this is what tools like screen readers will do once (if) they start supporting HTML5, so it's very hard to tell if it will be a usability problem or not.
Another tweak to this is to go the “site title as h1 ” way and change the header to this:
<header> <h1>Site title etc.</h1> <nav> <h2>Main navigation</h2> <ul> <li><a href="/">Nav item</a></li> </ul> </nav> </header>
That would make the outline look like this:
Site title etc. Main navigation Article title Article sub-heading Article sub-sub-heading Sidebar heading Sidebar sub-heading Footer heading
This I think would be somewhat acceptable. I still feel that an outline without the site title in it makes it clearer what the current page is about, so the version without an h1 around the site title is the markup structure I'm leaning towards using for single-article pages.
Are you confused too?
While writing this I get the feeling that the HTML5 outline algorithm might be a bit confusing when sectioning elements are involved. It could be that it takes some getting used to, of course, but at the moment it seems like it has some issues, at least if you want to avoid untitled sections in your document outlines.
Of course it's possible that I have misunderstood something, in which case I'd be happy if someone could drop me a note and correct me.
Over the past week many people have spent their time celebrating Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream of an America where we're no longer divided by race, but old prejudices linger.
In Missouri, a couple pleaded guilty on Wednesday to violating their African-American neighbors' civil rights by setting their home on fire with Molotov cocktails and writing Nazi swastikas and other racist signs on their driveway.
Logan J. Smith, 25, and Victoria A. Cheek-Herrera, 34, pleaded guilty to concocting and carrying out the racially motivated crime.
“By pleading guilty, Smith and Cheek-Herrera admitted that on June 26, 2008, they conspired to injure, oppress, threaten, and intimidate an African-American couple and their minor children in the free exercise of their constitutional rights to occupy and rent their home in Independence, because of their race and color,” the Kansas City division of the FBI said in a statement.
Smith told the court that he drew swastikas and wrote “White Power” on the driveway before pouring gasoline into a glass, inserting a rag, setting it on fire, and tossing it at their African-American neighbors' home.
“You're pleading guilty because you are guilty, is that correct?” U.S. District Judge Brian Wimes asked the defendant.
“Yes, sir,” Smith answered.
Smith and Cheek-Herrera could be sentenced to up to 10 years in prison each and could be fined up to $250,000.
The case was investigated by the FBI. An attorney from the Department of Justice assisted with the prosecution of this case.
h/t: CBS St. Louis
Here we have more hot and sexy shirtless Robert Pattinson shots from the set in Italy for highly anticipated sequel “New Moon.”
New Moon | Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart were photographed kissing on the set of “New Moon.” It looks like they filmed the scene where Edward was going to go out in the sun so that the Volteri could kill him. All of the marker spots on Robert are probably for special effects.
In “The Twilight Saga: New Moon”, Bella Swan (Stewart) is devastated by the abrupt departure of her vampire love, Edward Cullen (Pattinson) but her spirit is rekindled by her growing friendship with the irresistible Jacob Black (Lautner). Suddenly she finds herself drawn into the world of the werewolves, ancestral enemies of the vampires, and finds her loyalties tested.
New Moon | Robert Pattinson
A man in China has been caught smuggling heroin in his foreskin on a train from Beijing to Tibet, rail authorities said.
Transport police found the man acting suspiciously during a routine check on passengers travelling between the Chinese capital and Lhasa. When they asked the unnamed man to take a urine test it showed a positive result for morphine.
But a thorough inspection of the man's belongings and clothes did not yield any drugs, the Legal Evening News, a state-run newspaper, reported Thursday.
During a lengthy interrogation the man confessed to carrying illegal narcotics and produced a small plastic wrap from his foreskin. In the wrap was a tenth of a gram of heroin.
This year the Beijing Railway Police have caught six people smuggling drugs between Beijing and Lhasa, according to the report.
While heroin abuse has been an issue for decades in China, the use of synthetic drugs such as crystal meth, known as bingdu or “ice”, is on the rise, particularly in the poor countryside.
The government is in the midst of a sweeping crackdown on illegal drug use and trade – Xi Jinping, China's president, last year called for “forceful measures to wipe [drugs] out”.
Since last October more than 600,000 drug users in the country were “punished” and over 40 tonnes of illicit narcotics were seized, a 45 percent increase on the year before, according to officials.
Fear of reprisal has led some users to take creative measures to conceal their narcotics.
In July 2013 a woman flew into Wuhan, a city in central China, with 4,000 methamphetamine pills in the soles of her slippers. She was caught when concerned police stopped her to ask why she was walking so oddly.
After a banner year for shedding light on the NSA's secret surveillance programs in 2013, the pace of disclosures in 2014—both from whistleblowers and through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuits—slowed significantly.
But that's not because all the secrets of NSA surveillance have been revealed.
In fact, some of the most significant information about the NSA's surveillance programs still remain secret. Despite one of the most significant leaks in American history and despite a promise to declassify as much information as possible about the programs, nearly two years later the government still refuses to provide the public with the information it needs. For example, government officials still have not answered a simple, yet vitally important, question: what type of information does the NSA collect about millions, or hundreds of millions, of Americans (or the citizens of any other country, for that matter)? And the government still refuses to release some of the most significant decisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court—the secret court tasked with monitoring the government's surveillance programs.
Despite the slowdown, in 2014, we learned still more about the NSA's surveillance programs than we knew before. We learned that:
Through the NSA's Mystic program, the agency records every single cell phone conversation in the Bahamas and Afghanistan, storing those conversations for up to 30 days.
The NSA specifically targets sys admins—the people who are often charged with keeping networks safe and secure.
The NSA and its partners exploits mobile apps, such as the popular Angry Birds game, to access users' private information such as location, home address, gender, and more.
The NSA sought to develop capabilities to infect millions of computers with malware implants as part of its TURBINE program.
The NSA's Dishfire operation collects 200 million text messages daily from users around the globe.
The NSA “intercepts ‘millions of images per day' — including about 55,000 ‘facial recognition quality images'” and processes them with powerful facial recognition software.
The NSA spies on civic leaders and model citizens—The Intercept put a face to NSA spying, publishing a profile of five American Muslim leaders who have been targeted for surveillance. They're including an attorney, two professors, a former member of the Bush administration, and the founder of the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
Despite all this additional information, too much still remains secret.
But there's reason to hope for 2015. For one, in response to an EFF FOIA lawsuit, a federal court has ordered the government to release some of the remaining, significant, and still-secret FISC opinions in the early part of 2015. We also launched a campaign to reform Executive Order 12333, and, as part of that campaign, we're urging the government to come clean about the types of information in collects on millions of people around the world. Whether it's in federal court or the court of public opinion, in 2015, we'll keep fighting for the public's right to know.
This article is part of our Year In Review series; read other articles about the fight for digital rights in 2014. Like what you're reading? EFF is a member-supported nonprofit, powered by donations from individuals around the world. Join us today and defend free speech, privacy, and innovation.
SPIEGEL: Mr. Stark, Greece is threatened with a national bankruptcy, other European Union countries are heavily in debt and the common currency has come under great pressure. How safe is the euro these days?
Stark: We have been in a global crisis for more than one-and-a-half years now. We still can't say whether it's over. But you could just as easily apply your question to other regions. No one talks about whether the United States could break apart because of California's ailing finances. So let's not take things too far!
SPIEGEL: Washington and the US central bank, the Fed, would certainly intervene before allowing California to go bankrupt.
Stark: To be honest, I don't see that they would do that. There are many examples to the contrary in the history, including American history.
SPIEGEL: But you have to take citizens' worries about the euro seriously. The common currency is currently undergoing massive devaluation, partly because the Greeks can no longer control their finances.
Stark: I do take those concerns seriously. Nevertheless, I want to question your theory of cause and effect. It is often easy to find a dozen reasons for fluctuating exchange rates.
SPIEGEL: We see the current problems as the biggest test the euro has ever faced.
Stark: There were many skeptics at the beginning of the currency union. Since then, the euro has experienced 11 successful years. However, the current crisis has shown that we are all moving in unknown terrain. For instance, the central banks have had to adopt measures that I would have considered to be impossible only two years ago. But all market players and currencies have been put to the same test since the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy. That, by the way, happened on the other side of the Atlantic and led to the tsunami that then hit Europe.
SPIEGEL: The Greeks already pay about four percent more in interest for their treasury bonds than, for example, Germany. Is this just punishment for old lies, accounting tricks and failures?
Stark: As far as the refinancing of countries goes, we are certainly experiencing differences that are unprecedented in the history of the euro.
SPIEGEL: One couldn't put it more politely.
Stark: There are three dimensions to the Greek case. The first consists of poor statistics ...
SPIEGEL: ... which Athens has apparently systematically manipulated for years.
Stark: It was not possible to obtain reliable figures. This also has to do with the internal Greek structures.
SPIEGEL: But that doesn't explain the most recent acute shock in the financial markets.
Stark: Which brings us to problem number two: It became apparent, almost overnight, that the Greeks had a double-digit and not a single-digit budget deficit, which is close to 13 percent of the gross domestic product. That too has to do with the fact that the implementation of the budget was not truly monitored in the past -- neither by Greek nor external institutions.
SPIEGEL: And the third dimension?
Stark: Greece has lost its ability to compete on the basis of price. Its unit labor costs have risen tremendously. The government in Athens has recognized this. That too is something it will have to quickly come to grips with.
SPIEGEL: But all that has been known for years. Was Greece cheating from the start, or was it that the people in Brussels just didn't want to know the details?
Stark: There were corrections after the fact. But you're right: An economy doesn't lose its competitiveness overnight. Greece covered it up for a long time with an extremely generous spending policy. For example, consumer spending was stimulated with pay increases in the government sector. We here at the ECB were vocally critical of this development several years ago.
SPIEGEL: Given so many failures, don't you sometimes wish that your central bank had real options to apply sanctions?
Stark: First of all, I would like to see better supervision. This is where Eurostat (the European Union's statistical office)and the European Commission, in particular, can play a role. We should all learn from the mistakes of the past. Greece was living beyond its means. That has to be corrected now. On the whole, however, stronger automatic mechanisms are needed in the application of the stability pact.
SPIEGEL: In light of the current protests and strikes, one doesn't get the impression that the Greeks are willing to save.
Stark: The new government has assumed political responsibility and unveiled a package of measures. This is the absolute minimum that has to be implemented now, and more will become necessary in light of the significant worsening of the situation. That requires strong leadership.
SPIEGEL: What will the control mechanisms look like?
Stark: Athens will be required to report monthly on the implementation of the measures. We will see what happens after that. The goal is to bring down new borrowing to less than three percent of GDP by 2012, as provided under the stability program. There is a plan in place for this in 2010. All steps taken after that will have to be outlined more specifically.
SPIEGEL: And if Greece simply doesn't make it?
Stark: The country has no other choice. It has to regain the confidence of the markets. Ireland was in a similar situation and has since regained some confidence.
Athens, Ga. – Supplemental feeding of wildlife can increase the spread of some infectious diseases and decrease the spread of others. A new study by University of Georgia ecologists finds that the outcome depends on the type of pathogen and the source of food.
The findings, published in the journal Ecology Letters, have implications for human health and wildlife conservation, and contain practical suggestions for wildlife disease management and a roadmap for future study.
Supplemental feeding—when people provide food to wildlife—is growing more common. As people move into previously undeveloped areas and habitat is lost to development or agriculture, wildlife ecology changes. Natural sources of food often decrease, and new abundant sources, provided by people, appear. Sometimes these are intentional, like backyard bird feeders or winter feeding stations for an elk herd in a national park; sometimes they're accidental, like landfills or poorly secured garbage cans. The resulting changes in behavior and nutrition can affect how diseases impact wildlife.
“We knew of studies of supplemental feeding showing both increases and decreases in parasitism and disease, but no one had synthesized them,” said Daniel Becker, a doctoral student in the Odum School of Ecology and the study's lead author. “We wanted to know if there was an overall net tendency, and we wanted to know what could explain the different responses.”
The researchers pulled together over 20 published studies of supplemental wildlife feeding and infectious disease to understand trends in infection patterns and to create predictive models of pathogen transmission.
“We found that there are several different mechanisms at work,” Becker said.
With pathogens like bacteria or viruses that are spread by close contact, food sources that attract large numbers of animals can encourage transmission, including transmission from one species to another-even to humans. This is suggested with the spread of Nipah virus in Malaysia, where infected fruit bats are attracted to fruit trees planted by farmers, bringing them into contact with livestock and people.
Even when the food provided is very nutritious—and therefore potentially able to improve an animal's immune function—in most cases that is not enough to overcome the exposure risk of being in the midst of a large group with frequent aggressive contacts over resources. In many cases, the food is not nutritious enough to help and can even impair animals' immune defenses.
An example of this is when tourists in the Bahamas feed rock iguanas grapes, which are not part of their natural diet. Their overall condition is impaired and levels of infection by hookworms are higher.
For diseases caused by parasites such as tapeworms and flukes that require multiple hosts to complete their life cycles, however, the results suggest a different process. Animals that glean food from a landfill or garbage can are less likely to be exposed to such parasites, reducing their levels of disease. When foxes, for instance, find their food at a landfill instead of hunting for small rodents, which are commonly infected with worms, they are less likely to become infected themselves.
Knowing what happens in different contexts could help wildlife enthusiasts and managers minimize the risk of disease if they choose to supplement wildlife diets.
“For intentional feeding sources like bird feeders, we expect parasites like bacteria and viruses to increase, so spacing these resources apart can help reduce the high contact rates driving transmission,” Becker said. “And cleaning feeders periodically can help limit the buildup of infectious stages in the environment that occurs when lots of animals become more sedentary.”
Improving the nutritional content of the food being provided is another strategy that could help boost wildlife immune function and allow them to better resist infection, and supplemental food sources could also be used to distribute vaccines or treatment, Becker said.
The authors also provided a roadmap for future research, including collaborating with existing citizen science networks to gather data.
“We need field experiments, we need long-term observational studies, and we need to develop models focusing on environmentally transmitted parasites like worms; those are areas where we're lacking information,” Becker said. “This is an issue that's not going away, so we need to understand it.”
“For a lot of people, feeding animals provides a crucial connection to nature, increases their appreciation of wildlife and presents opportunities for outreach and education,” said study co-author Sonia Altizer, the UGA Athletic Association Professor of Ecology and Odum School associate dean. “We don't want to suggest that all feeding of wildlife should be avoided, but we do need to find ways to minimize the risks for human and wildlife health.”
The study, which is available online at http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/ele.12428/full, was co-authored by Daniel Streicker, who received his doctorate from the Odum School in 2011 and is now a research fellow at the University of Glasgow. The research was supported by the UGA Graduate School, the National Science Foundation and the Wellcome Trust/Royal Society Sir Henry Dale Fellowship.
For more information about the Odum School of Ecology, see www.ecology.uga.edu.
With the rising use of electric bikes in the US, local and state governments are beginning to deal with the question of where, and how, to allow their use on trails, paths, and bike lanes that have historically been reserved exclusively for non-motorized use.
A bill pending in the California state legislature would offer governments some guidance on how to deal with the issue and open many of those trails and paths to e-bike use.
The newly opened paths could help spur more people to use bikes for transportation, as e-bike riders would have access to off-street paths and lanes. But some local governments have expressed concern about allowing e-bikes on non-motorized paths, particularly throttle-driven models that can propel a bike independently of a rider's pedaling.
E-bikes first rose to prominence in the Asian and European markets; the US has been slower to catch on, but in 2012 (the most recent year for which the National Bicycle Dealers Association publicly discloses sales figures), there were over 90,000 e-bikes sold in the US, up from about 47,000 the previous year.
RELATED: 2015 Editors' Choice: Specialized Turbo S
The bill, AB-1096, currently in the lower house of the state legislature, is the first of its kind to be considered by a state government. It would replace part of California's existing vehicle law that currently does not allow any motorized bike to be used on a non-motorized path (except where specifically allowed by local authorities).
The law, if passed, would split e-bikes from other motorized bikes and divide them into three categories:
-Category 1: a pedal-assisted electric bike with a top assisted speed of 20mph
-Category 2: pedal-assisted or propelled by a throttle (unassisted) with a top motor-driven speed of 20mph
-Category 3: pedal-assisted electric bike with a top assisted speed of 28mph
Of those three categories, the first two would now be allowed on bike paths, trails and lanes—any infrastructure where conventional bicycles are allowed. The bill provides local authorities the specific ability to limit or prohibit those uses.
A Category 3 electric bike or any bike with a non-electric motor would not be allowed on bike paths, but could still be used on-street bike lanes. The changes would apply to the state's uniform vehicle code and would not affect access rules for off-road trails on open space or public lands.
The bill was crafted with input from the Bicycle Product Suppliers Association and People for Bikes. California is the first state to take up the legislation, but the West Coast state has a history for being out front on many legislative issues. If it passes in California, it provides a blueprint for other states to follow.
On April 28, the amended bill passed out of the Assembly Transportation Committee on a 15-0 vote, with one member not voting. It now goes to the Appropriations Committee, although a reading and vote are not yet scheduled.
When I hike to the summit of Diamond Head I often look back into the crater and wish that the Hawaii National Guard would demolish the three ugly, Cold War-era buildings cluttering the crater floor.
Diamond Head is the most famous volcanic crater of its kind in the world. It should look as natural as possible, not they way it appears today — an industrial yard dotted with chain-link fences and outdated military buildings.
It is uplifting to report this change is about to happen. With little fanfare, the Hawaii Department of Defense began preliminary work on August 21 to take down two of the three buildings in the center of the crater. The structures are known as Building 301 and 304.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Tom Moore, a daily hiker at Diamond Head, called it “fantastic news.”
Moore , an adjunct professor at Kapiolani Community College, says “It will make the crater floor more natural. It may take a while but in the long run, it's worth it.”
The third building, known at 303, is to be removed eventually, but not now because it is a newly renovated office facility for the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Civil Defense).
The demolition and cleanup work is funded with a $1.8 million federal appropriation.
This represents the first time the military will give up any of its buildings inside Diamond Head.
The only other agency to demolish its buildings and move out was the Federal Aviation Administration, which transferred its Diamond Head operations in 2001 to a building at what is now Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
The ground under Buildings 301 and 304 in Diamond Head will undergo an environmental clean up and be planted with grass before it's turned over to the parks division of Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources by June 2018.
For now, the newly available open space will be used for an interim food concession lunch wagon operation, a gift shop and additional parking, according to parks officials. A permanent use for the area will be determined later.
Demolishing the two buildings is just the beginning, according to the defense department. It also intends transfer for park use a key historic structure called the Kapahulu Tunnel or Mule Tunnel. The tunnel on the north side of the crater has been largely off-limits to civilians for more than 100 years.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Col. Neal Mitsuyoshi, the State DODʻs chief engineering officer, says the department also will eventually also turn over a pre-World War II coastal artillery installation known as Battery Harlow.
Diamond Head preservationists have been calling for the land transfers for the last 40 years.
“This is definitely a first giant step to give land back to the public. We have been hoping for this for decades,” says Michelle Spalding Matson.
Matson is a member of the Diamond Head Citizensʻ Advisory Committee, formed by state lawmakers in 1977 to create a master plan for the Diamond Head State Monument .
The master plan, completed in 1979, urged the military to remove its structures as soon as it could find the money and a place to relocate them.
Diamond Head Crater is co-managed by the state Department of Defense and the Department of Land and Natural Resources.
Wording in the Diamond Headmaster plan makes it clear that “The appearance of the crater floor should change from one of a military installation to a park-like or semi wilderness character.”
The master plan calls the military's buildings on the crater floor “block-like concrete structures with no distinguishing architectural value.”
Planner Vincent Shigekuni calls the upcoming demolition of Buildings 301 and 304, “huge.”
Shigekuni and Frank Brandt of PBR Hawaii have just started work on a $35,000 state contract to update sections of the Diamond Headmaster Plan to better preserve and protect the state monument.
“The open space created by removing two buildings will be a huge help,” he said.
I am most excited by the planned transfer of the Kapahulu, or “Mule Tunnel.” When I was writing a book on Diamond Head I was allowed to investigate many of the 20 off-limits tunnels drilled into the crater. Kapahulu Tunnel became one of my favorites.
Earlier this month, I got a chance to tour it again with a group from the Historic Hawaii Foundation.
Denby Fawcett/Civil Beat
The Kapahulu Tunnel was excavated through the crater's north wall in 1908. At that time, it was the only way to get into Diamond Head. Visitors to the crater today enter through the Kahala Tunnel, which was was not built until 1943.
In the Kapahulu Tunnel's heyday, mules pulled railroad cars filled with construction materials on narrow-gage railroad tracks through the tunnel and into the crater.
The building materials were then hauled up the side of the crater to build the fire control station that hikers visit at the summit today. It is a bunker-like structure once used by soldiers for observing and targeting enemy ships.
What makes the Mule Tunnel particularly fascinating is its two sub-tunnels dug into its west wall. The rooms have electric lighting so a person could live and work there during a military or natural disaster crisis.
When the tunnel is eventually opened it will be used as a pedestrian and bicycle entrance into the crater, according to the parks division.
In an email, state parks officials Curt Cottrell, Alan Carpenter and Yara Lamadrid-Rose wrote: “Significantly, it should reduce the congestion in the Kahala Tunnel by giving pedestrians and bikers a safer alternative into the crater.”
Currently, pedestrians in the Kahala Tunnel must sometimes squeeze dangerously on a narrow path to avoid getting hit by cars, buses and trolleys going through the tunnel on a narrow, two-lane road.
The Kapahulu Tunnel also will give visitors walking or biking to Diamond Head a shorter route into the crater.
“Tourists walking up from Waikiki will get a short cut and a chance to see more history, more drama, more beauty. And thatʻs a winner,” said hiker Tom Moore.
Battery Harlow, with its installations for 12-inch mortar shells, was built in 1910. Preservationists hope it will become an interpretive center highlighting the history of U.S coastal defense networks.
Battery Harlow is the first fortification of any kind built by the U.S. for its coastal defense system to protect Hawaii and the West Coast from attack by ship. Its eight 12-inch mortars could fire out as far as Pearl Harbor.
It is one of the most intact installations of its kind still left in the United States and clearly underutilized as an important historic artifact.
Courtesy of U.S. Army Museum of Hawaii
The DOD currently uses Battery Harlowʻs three bunkers for storage. And it has occasionally rented it for filming, including episodes of Lost and Hawaii Five-O. Most recently it was used as a setting in the Imax movie “The Inhumans.”
Even with the changes coming, it will be a long time before Diamond Head is completely demilitarized.
Hawaii National Guard spokesman Lt. Col. Chuck Anthony says the goal is to return as much military property as possible to the Diamond Head State Monument Park by 2029 — the 50th anniversary of the completion of the citizensʻ Master Plan.
State DOD says in the meantime, it needs to keep Battery Birkhimer, the longtime headquarters of Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Civil Defense).
And it says it also needs to retain Battery 407, the two quarter-mile-long tunnels cut from the craterʻs interior wall to the southern, ocean side of the crater. The twin tunnels house the National Guard's emergency operating center.
Chappelle poked fun at Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele during the Roots Picnic festival in New York over the weekend.
Dave Chappelle is working Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele into his latest stand-up comedy routine, but probably not in a way that the comedy duo appreciates. Chappelle recently vented to an audience at the Roots Picnic festival in New York over the weekend that he's been “watching Key and Peele do my show the last five f*cking years,” Uproxx reports.
WATCH: ‘Keanu' Cat Trailer: Key and Peele Edit Preview To Only Include Kitties
Six years after Chappelle quit his hit Comedy Central show “Chappelle's Show” in 2006, “Key and Peele” premiered on Comedy Central in 2012 with the same half-hour sketch comedy format and similar humor.
To be fair, Chappelle could just be reciting a line that he knows will get laughs during his comedy routine. He did also poke fun at himself during the performance. “I look like fucking Morgan Freeman,” he said. “It's been a long time since you've seen me New York.”
While Chappelle got semi-serious shortly after bringing up the Black Lives Matter movement, he also found a way to work in a gag and poke fun at Kanye West.
READ MORE: Red Nose Day 2016 Highlights: Key and Peele & Indie Stars Give Back With Funny Skits
“The best way to show people that black lives matter is to live a good black life,” Chappelle said. “As Kanye West once said, ‘My life is dope and I do dope shit.'”
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
People take photos with U.S. soldiers in Bialystok, Poland last year. (Alik Keplicz/AP)
STUTTGART, Germany — NATO is considering placing thousands of additional troops in Poland and the Baltic states, Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said Monday, adding that any new forces in the region would be rotational and part of an effort to deter future Russian aggression.
The Pentagon chief would not specify what countries would contribute troops but said the possible deployment is one of several options being weighed by the alliance. Any final decision to bolster troop levels in Europe will probably be made at a NATO summit in Warsaw this summer, he said.
[Pentagon unveils budget priority for next year: Countering Russia and China]
Some aspects of the possible deployment were first reported in the Wall Street Journal on Friday. According to the report, the contingent could comprise four battalions of roughly 1,000 troops apiece. Western officials told the Journal that two of the battalions would come from the United States and the other two from Germany and Britain. But the officials said the numbers and contributions have not been finalized.
The new NATO presence would be in addition to the recently formed Very High Readiness Joint Task Force. The task force, created last year, is composed of 5,000 troops from various NATO countries and is designed to act as a quick response unit for the alliance.
“There are a number of bilateral initiatives that the U.S. has put forward to increase security and defense in Europe, but there are also a number of efforts going on under a NATO context to increase deterrence and defense,” said a senior U.S. defense official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk about military planning.
A significant addition of troops was discussed and agreed upon in principle during a NATO meeting in February, but many of the details had yet to be ironed out.
“We will have as much presence in the East as needed,” NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said at the time.
Carter's indication that NATO might be willing to commit more resources to Eastern Europe comes as he visits Germany to oversee the changeover of European Command's top general. U.S. Army Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti is set to replace Air Force Gen. Philip M. Breedlove in a Tuesday ceremony here. Carter is expected to make a series of remarks aimed at reassuring U.S. allies that the Pentagon will help Europe confront challenges including the waves of migrants that have poured into the European Union and some of Russia's actions.
[NATO says it's adding a significant number of troops in Eastern Europe]
In recent weeks, Russian aircraft have intercepted at least one U.S. RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft and buzzed a U.S. destroyer operating in the Baltic Sea. In April, two unarmed Russian Su-24 multi-role fighters performed multiple close passes over the USS Donald Cook. At one point the Russian aircraft came within 30 feet of the ship's deck. U.S. officials have called the flybys unprofessional, while the Russian Defense Ministry has played down the incidents.
In February, the Pentagon announced it was quadrupling the budget for its European Reassurance Initiative to $3.4 billion for fiscal 2017. The new funds will support the continuous presence of three U.S. Army brigades of roughly 2,500 soldiers each in Eastern Europe by the end of 2017. Earlier parts of the Reassurance Initiative involved the positioning of U.S. equipment in Europe for deploying units to use for training. Under the current program, the equipment will be modernized and can be used for combat, a move that Pentagon officials say pushes the scope of the initiative from “reassurance to deterrence.”
Currently there are roughly U.S. 60,000 troops stationed in Europe, with an additional 4,000 rotational troops.
Coming into this weekend's matches, the two coaches who looked to be most in the hot seat were the LA Galaxy's Curt Onalfo and the Philadelphia Union's Jim Curtin. So when the two sides faced off on Saturday, both had plenty to gain from a big win. That, however, didn't happen as a scoreless draw prolongs the questions about whether either coach could face a midseason upheaval.
For the Galaxy, the 0-0 tie at home is the worse result. Onalfo made some much-needed changes to the Galaxy back line and tweaked the team's formation too. They looked a bit better in defense, but still disjointed overall and unable to click in the attack in a game they should've been able to control. For the Union, a draw on the road is the least of their worries lately, but it certainly doesn't take any pressure off Curtin.
MISSION VIEJO – Four businesses were damaged Friday morning after a fire started inside a sushi bar, prompting an evacuation of a nearby preschool.
Approximately 50 Orange County Fire Authority firefighters responded around 7:40 a.m. to Oishii Sushi, at 25542 Jeronimo Road.
Because of the heat, two firefighters each had first-degree and second-degree burns on their hands even though they were wearing gloves. A third had a shoulder and arm injury.
A pain-management office and a massage parlor were damaged by smoke and water before the fire was extinguished at 9 a.m. Smoke leaked into the fourth affected business in the strip mall.
“There was so much fire damage in the restaurant and our investigators spent hours, but as of this time, the cause will remain undetermined,” OCFA Capt. Steve Concialdi said.
The four suites suffered an estimated $1 million in structural damage, while approximately $500,000 in contents were destroyed in the sushi restaurant.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7802 or aduranty@ocregister.com
Matthew "Megatoad" Kai Stonie[1] (born May 24, 1992) is an American competitive eater. He is the number four ranked competitive eater in Major League Eating.[2] Stonie won the 2015 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, dethroning 8-time defending champion Joey Chestnut,[2] but lost the title in 2016.[3] He has gained fame from his YouTube channel, where he uploads many eating challenges.[4]
Life and career [ edit ]
Stonie was born on May 24, 1992, in San Jose, California. He is of Japanese, Czechoslovakian, and Lithuanian ancestry. Stonie has a younger brother named Morgan Stonie. He graduated from Evergreen Valley High School in San Jose, California. He weighs 130 pounds (59 kg) and is 5 ft 8 in (1.73 m) tall.[4] His nickname, "Megatoad," is from the character Toad from the video game Super Mario Bros.[4]
Competitive eating [ edit ]
Stonie's Major League Eating debut was at the Stockton Deep Fried Asparagus Championship in Stockton, California in 2011.[5] He is currently the youngest member of the Major League Eating organization. His first win came in 2010 in a lobster roll eating contest in Hampton Beach, New Hampshire.[4]
On July 4, 2015, Stonie defeated 8-time defending Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest champion Joey Chestnut by eating 62 hot dogs to Chestnut's 60.[6] On July 4, 2016, Stonie came in second to Chestnut, eating 53 hot dogs to Chestnut's 70. [7] On July 4, 2017, Stonie came in third, eating 48 hot dogs, behind Carmen Cincotti's 60 and Chestnut's 72. [8]
YouTube [ edit ]
Stonie uploaded his first YouTube video on August 27, 2012, in which he drinks a gallon of Gatorade in 37 seconds. His most popular videos have been noticed by well known celebrities such as Bam Margera, Waka Flocka Flame, and Cheech & Chong, who have featured the videos on their websites. As of September 2018, he has over 6 million subscribers on his YouTube channel. On September 24, 2015, Stonie uploaded a video in which he consumes 25 McDonalds Big Mac sandwiches in 22 minutes, which is an unofficial world record among the YouTube community. As of April 2018, Stonie's most viewed YouTube video has over 40 million views.[9]
World records held [ edit ]
2013 [ edit ]
Birthday Cake: 5.5 lb / 9 minutes (May 26, 2013)
Frozen Yogurt: 10.5 lb Yogurtland Frozen Yogurt/Phantom Gourmet Food Festival / 6 Minutes (September 29, 2013)
Kookamonga Burger: 7.5 lb burger from the Kooky Canuck in Memphis, Tennessee / 4 minutes, 43 seconds (October 26, 2013)
2014 [ edit ]
Indian Taco: 32.5 Indian Tacos / 8 minutes (Atmore, Alabama, March 29, 2014)
Slugburgers: 43 Slugburgers / 10 minutes (The World Slugburger Eating Championship Presented By Main Street Corinth, July 12, 2014)
Pumpkin Pie: 20.8 lb / 8 minutes (Elk Grove Pumpkin Festival, October 5, 2014)
Fastest McDonald's Happy Meal eaten: Small Cheeseburger, Small French Fries, Small Coca-Cola in 15.22 seconds.
2015 [ edit ]
2016 [ edit ]
Silver Dollar Pancakes: 113 (1 oz) Pancakes / 8 minutes (Chico, California, May 28, 2016) at The World Silver Dollar Pancake Eating Championship
Moon Pies: 85 Moon Pies / 8 minutes (Memphis- October 15, 2016) at The World Moon Pie Eating Championship
2017 [ edit ]
Peeps: 255 Peeps / 5 minutes (National Harbor, Maryland, April 8, 2017) at The World Peeps Eating Championship
Chicken Spiedies: 20.5 Chicken Spiedies / 10 minutes (Nichols, New York, August 12, 2017) at The Tioga Downs World Chicken Spiedie Eating Championship Presented by Lupo's
See also [ edit ]
After her mother left the consultation room, Dr Cheng asked the teenager to take off her clothes, Patient A told the tribunal. He then stood behind her, reached around her and grabbed her breasts. The patient, now in her 30s, said it seemed like he was fondling her breasts in a squeezing and massaging motion. "She felt uncomfortable and frozen and too scared to say anything or move … she rotated her hips to look at the respondent and noticed that he had an erection," according to the patient's evidence detailed in the tribunal decision. The woman said she did not want to tell her mother, feeling "sick and dirty and the shame and guilt". She saw Dr Cheng again when she had been vomiting and feverish. She said Dr Cheng asked her to take her clothes off including her underwear. Dr Cheng again massaged her breasts, then moved his hands down her abdomen, to her groin, asked her to open her legs and palpated her labia. When she became sexually active at 17 and was concerned about bleeding, pain and whether she had contracted a sexually transmitted infection, Dr Cheng put gloves on and inserted his fingers into her vagina, she told the tribunal.
The second patient was 13 years old and living in public youth housing when she first saw Dr Cheng for bronchitis and a check-up. In a statement to police in 1993, the teenager alleged Dr Cheng carried out a breast examination without a parent or guardian present, using both his hands to massage her breasts for about 10 minutes. He pulled her tracksuit pants and underwear down to the top of her legs and touched her around her pubic bone, she told the tribunal. The teenager told several social workers at the youth home about the encounter and burst into tears. A placement officer told her that Dr Cheng was a good doctor and she should keep seeing him, the patient told the tribunal. The third patient, a woman in her 20s, needed a referral for an X-ray for an injured shoulder.
Dr Cheng asked her to undress, lie on the examination table and remove her bra so he could check her heartbeat. He performed a breast examination and abdominal examination, moving lower to her pubic bone, where he pulled down her underwear until she stopped him, the tribunal heard. The fourth patient presented to Dr Cheng with flu-like symptoms in 2012 when she was 21. Dr Cheng decided to perform a breast exam and put his hand on her right breast. The patient said Dr Cheng told her he felt a lump but did not discuss a possible diagnosis or follow-up. The fifth patient, also in her 20s, presented to Dr Cheng in 2013 after noticing a rash on her stomach and chest pains after a trip to Vanuatu and was worried she had malaria after being bitten by a mosquito on her leg. Dr Cheng pulled down her pants and lifted the crotch of her underwear and inspected her vagina and vulval area without asking permission, and performed chest and cardiograms at a follow-up consultation that required her to remove her bra without an appropriate explanation. The tribunal concluded Dr Cheng had touched the five women "in circumstances where there was no adequate or appropriate clinical reason for doing so, other than sexual gratification".
"The misconduct of which we have found the respondent guilty carries with it sexual connotations of the most serious kind," the decision read. "A medical practitioner, such as the respondent, who has, as we have found, deliberately and intentionally carried out inappropriate examinations in an inappropriate manner for sexual gratification is clearly guilty of professional misconduct. "There can be no motivation for the manner in which the respondent exposed and viewed the bodies of these patients, including sensitive areas, and touched them in circumstances where there was no adequate or appropriate clinical reason for doing so, other than sexual gratification." The tribunal will determine whether Dr Cheng will have his medical registration suspended or will be struck off on May 17 and 18. In 2005, Dr Cheng was found guilty of unsatisfactory professional conduct and/or professional misconduct for inappropriate physical and sexual contact with a patient on about five occasions. He was severely reprimanded, fined $10,000 and conditions were placed on his practice.
In May 2016, the Medical Council of NSW again placed conditions on Dr Cheng's medical registration, including that he not treat or perform any procedures on any female. NSW Police said Flemington Local Area Command were conducting inquiries after receiving reports from the HCCC about the alleged misconduct of a doctor between 1993 and 2013.
August 29, 2014
According to preliminary data for August, consumer prices rose 0.2% over the previous month, which contrasted the 0.1% drop recorded in the month prior. The increase was driven by higher prices for transport and was partly offset by lower prices for energy. Consumer prices fell 0.1% over the same month last year, which contrasted the 0.1% increase observed in July. The figure marked the first annual drop on record.
Core consumer prices, which exclude more volatile categories such as unprocessed food and energy, rose 0.4% over the previous month in August, which was up from 0.1% increase tallied in July. Annual core inflation inched down from 0.6% in July to a record low of 0.5% in August. Finally, annual HICP inflation averaged 0.5% in August, which was slightly down from the 0.6% recorded in July and also marked a record low.
FocusEconomics Consensus Forecast panelists expect inflation to average 0.7% in 2014, which is down 0.1 percentage points from the previous month's projection. For 2015, panelists expect inflation to average 1.1%.
Alpha coal mine legal case could set 'important precedent' with global warming argument
Updated
A landmark legal case against the proposed Alpha coal mine in central Queensland will hear the project should not go ahead on the grounds it could increase global warming.
Mining magnate Gina Rinehart and GVK's mine has been forecast to produce 30 million tonnes of coal per year and create 2,000 long-term jobs during its 30-plus years of operation.
Environmental group Coast and Country is fighting the project on the basis that emissions from the transport and burning of the project's coal would contribute to "dangerous global warming".
The case is due to be heard in the Court of Appeal in Brisbane today.
Jo-anne Bragg from the Environmental Defenders Office Queensland, which is representing Coast and Country, said the case could set an important precedent.
"We are focused on the impacts of this project, not the hypothetical impacts of another coal proposal," she said.
"This is the first time Queensland's highest court — the Court of Appeal — is considering the Environmental Protection Act and climate change.
"If we win — and we do expect to win — it would have important precedent value as to how coal projects, in fact all projects, are assessed in Queensland and maybe other states."
Jobs potential 'does not justify mine going ahead'
Derec Davies from Coast and Country said the Queensland Government and GVK Hancock had argued there would be no decrease in global carbon emissions if the Alpha coal mine did not proceed "because another mine will be developed somewhere else in the world to fill its place".
"Under Queensland law, causing 'serious environmental harm' is a crime unless authorised by the government," he said.
"Justification to allow a crime should not be given on the basis that another person might cause the same harm."
GVK Hancock said it had complied with all environmental regulations set before them and met the legal requirements of numerous court challenges.
"To date, we have invested tens of millions of dollars on a broad range of environmental assessments that contributed to our environmental approvals," a spokesman said.
"Our Alpha Coal Project has been a project of state significance since October 2008 and we will continue to work within legislative framework to advance our projects to a point where construction can commence."
Mr Davies said the project's potential to provide thousands of jobs did not justify it going ahead.
"It's an unfortunate reality we have to deal with in light of climate change and what we've seen in recent weeks with devastation on Great Barrier Reef show it's a situation we can't afford," he said.
"It's up to the Queensland Government and the labour force that are traditionally working in mines to look to transition to some sustainable future jobs."
Topics: courts-and-trials, mining-rural, mining-industry, coal, climate-change, activism-and-lobbying, company-news, brisbane-4000, qld, alpha-4724, mackay-4740, rockhampton-4700
First posted
With more than $1.2 trillion in collective student debt, Americans are more indebted than ever before and banks are beginning to realize that future generations of students will be unable to repay their loans.
One by one, banks across the U.S. have been scaling back or canceling their student loan programs. JPMorgan Chase followed U.S. Bank this week, becoming the latest financial institution to close down its student loan program. Some financial experts read this as a sign that the student loan bubble could soon burst, mimicking a subprime mortgage crisis of 2007, when the inability of borrowers to pay back variable rate loans led to 4 million home foreclosures and triggered the 2008 financial recession.
The announcement that the nation's largest bank was pulling out of the student loan market follows years of college graduates from leaving school with an average of $26,000 of debt, some owing much larger sums that will take decades to pay back in full.
2007 all over again?
“Over the last five years, students have increasingly relied on government-backed loans,” said JPMorgan spokeswoman Trish Wexler. “As a result, we no longer see meaningful growth in this market.”
That may seem like a straightforward explanation for why big banks are closing down their student lending programs, but the announcement has some commentators worried that the rhetoric smacks of the 2007 subprime mortgage crisis.
“The move is eerily reminiscent of the subprime shutdown that happened in 2007. Each time a bank shuttered its subprime unit, the news was presented in much the same way that JPMorgan is spinning the end of its student lending,” CNBC reports.
Flashback to 2007 in the leadup to the subprime mortgage crisis, when banks were faced with a somewhat similar situation. The largest financial institutions were marketing adjustable rate mortgages to borrowers, overextending their credit in doing so. This means that based upon the annual incomes of borrowers, banks were knowingly extending credit to high risk individuals who were likely to default.
This situation was made worse with the proliferation of stated income loans, commonly known as “liars loans,” which allowed loan officers to issue loans without actually verifying the income of an applicant. There were even confirmed instances when loan officers knowingly falsified the income of an applicant in order to approve them for a loan — knowing they were unlikely to repay what they had borrowed.
Similar to the student loan situation today, banks began shutting down their subprime mortgage lending programs when it was time to jump ship, simply saying that they were no longer profitable investments.
“It's no longer sustainable and not the right place to allocate capital in the future,” HSBC Holdings Group Chief Executive Michael Geoghegan said in a statement the day HSBC shut down its subprime unit in 2007.
Some commentators caution that it may be premature to label student loans as the next financial bubble to burst. Financial institutions may simply see this type of lending as a low-return market, a plausible reason to close existing programs.
Collectively, banks issued less than $6 billion worth of college loans in 2011, a fraction of the $100 billion in loans the federal government issues to students every year.
JPMorgan owned $5 billion in student loan debt, a fraction of the more than $50 billion in auto loans and $120 billion in credit card debt it owns. Delinquency on its student loans still stands at a mere 2.23 percent, according to JP Morgan's quarterly report.
“Altogether, there's simply no sign that defaults could have been grave enough to drive the bank out of college lending. The simpler explanation is that JPMorgan gave up on its student loan business because it wasn't much of a business.” Jordan Weissman wrote for the Atlantic.
It's the economy, stupid
With $8 billion of private student loans in default, that doesn't mean that there isn't anything to worry about. Whether subprime mortgages or student loans, one of the underlying concerns is an inability of borrowers to pay creditors back and clear their debts.
Paying back these loans has been made much more difficult by the stagnant U.S. economy. Obtaining more education is seen by some as a panacea to economic woes, but it doesn't always lead to higher-paying jobs or financial security.
Kelly Mears, a political science student at Union College in Schenectady, N.Y., expects to graduate in 2015 with $100,000 in debt. “It just seems to be a part of the growing American experience to go to school, graduate and work off that debt for the rest of your life,” Mears told CNN Money.
Tuition, room and board and student fees at Union College, a competitive liberal arts school, total $58,248 for the 2013-2014 academic year. Because her parents are considered middle income, Mears doesn't qualify for financial aid.
Halfway through college, Mears has $66,000 in loans, the majority of which come from private banks. About $12,000 are government loans. Mears' case might be one of the more extreme cases of student loan debt — the New York Federal Reserve estimates that about 3.1 percent of college graduates will now leave school with at least $100,000 in debt.
Degree in hand, graduates like Mears are finding it more difficult to find jobs in their field — years after the 2008 financial crisis.
Where are they working? Believe it or not, many are turning to the food services sector and part-time work. The image of the fast food industry populated by teenagers looking to earn some extra pocket money is long gone — fast food workers are now older and better educated on average than before the recession.
About 43.2 percent of low-wage workers have some college education, a college degree or an advanced degree. Additionally, MSN Money reports that there are roughly 284,000 college grads making the federal minimum wage of $7.25, up 70 percent from 10 years ago.
Now, although I like to sit on an idea for a while to let it grow a bit more, it's important not to spend too long in this stage of the process. Even when you're telling a story, in a game it has to feel engaging. The mechanics need to feel fun and comfortable to the player. So' while it may be fine to spend time getting the narrative of your game right, focus on prototyping the mechanics of your game as soon as possible. Get something working with placeholder art and find out if your game plays well.
I'm very much a narrative driven designer. I want my games to tell a story, even if that story is short or obscure. I'm a big fan of environmental storytelling. There's something very special about being able to convey a story to a player through the use of the environment and good level design. If done correctly, a great scene in a level can convey a tale to a player without a single line of dialogue. Using one of my own games as an example, Fading Light tells a story through very little dialogue. Lost in a cave, the player searches for a way out but in their search find the remains of those who came before. Through little set pieces, I tell the story of how these people came to be here and how they met their end. The idea behind the game was to create a claustrophobic feeling and sense of fear of the unknown. The game is played in first person and beyond why the player is there, I give no more character background. The idea being to create a greater sense of immersion for the player. This character could be anyone of any gender, race or religion. The hope is that once you're playing it, you can feel like it's you in that situation and not someone you're just controlling. If you're interested in seeing some players reactions to the game or just want a good laugh, I suggest checking out this video here.
Last time on the Trails legacy, Cece went to France and got some wohoo!
Cece: YEAH! Just what a new widow needs!
Cece: Be careful Elijah!
Elijah: I got it! Don't worry mummah!
Cece: Aw, sweetie! I'll always worry about you!
Elijah: 🙂
Awww, how cute! And to think, last chapter you were-
Cece: Not in front of Elijah!
What? I was going to say you were in France!
Cece: Sure!
Dusty seems relieved to have you back!
Cece: Yes! She's really happy that she isn't home alone with a toddler. She told me it almost brought her back to “toddler town” times or something. She spends most of the time on the phone with the rest of the sass squad.
Cece was glad to be back to Elijah…
and she was glad to have offed her rich husband. She still hadn't seen his ghost, so she was angry a lot of the time.
Cece: Come on. Another picture where I don't look absolutely perfect?
Deal with it.
Although she was content, she felt something was missing.
Cece: *sighs*
And NO ice cream man, it isn't you.
Cece: He's creepy.
Cece pondered her thoughts as Dusty temporarily took care of Elijah.
She redecorated the living room, but it didn't seem to help anything.
Eventually she didn't have time to think because she was puking her guts out 24/7.
Cece: I'm not used to mom's cooking. I'm used to a master chef's cooking! It's not perfect enough.
I don't see you stepping up to the plate and cooking.
Cece: …
As Cece prepared dinner…
Cece served Elijah baby food. They fell into a pattern.
That is, until the next morning when Cece almost threw up on Elijah.
This obviously meant she was pregnant! She spun into maternity clothes and went on with life.
Cece: Yeah, how ELSE could you tell you were pregnant?
Don't be smart with me!
Cece: What? I'm not being smart!
Oh, that's right… That is Sims tradition…
Cece seemed thrilled!
Well, she was calm until she looked at her brand-new painting…
Cece: Oh Llama! I have to call Jules! He'll freak out!
When Jules finally flew in, Cece wasn't so good at keeping the secret…
Jules: You have a beautiful house!
Cece: Yeah baby! I mean…. erhm… hun…
Jules: …?
Cece: Listen Jules, I made you fly here for a reason.
Jules: What is it mon amour?
Cece: I'm pregnant with your kid from our little “adventure” in France.
Jules: I'm so glad you told me!
Jules: I can't wait to meet him!
Jules: And, by the way, I'll be moving in!
Here's Jules *Fournier (not Foumier) and his new outfit! You've seen his face. By the way, you'll see him have a goatee for a while… I took it off of him once I decided it didn't suit him.
Cece: He looks like a Hipster! Tell us his traits and stuff!
Name: Jules Fournier
Traits: Absent Minded, Loves the Outdoors, Vegetarian, Grumpy, and Angler.
Favorites: Indie, Hot Dogs, and Blue.
LTW: The Animal Rescuer (Adopt Six Strays).
Cece: Okay, he's vegetarian and his favorite food is Hot Dogs?
Don't ask me! That's Sims logic.
Cece: Great explanation…
Whatever. Your mom was awesome.
Cece: Hey mom, I'm pregnant with this guy's kid!
Dusty: Great.
I love your mother-daughter relationship. It's awesome!
Dusty and Cece: Shut up!
While Jules bonded with Elijah…
Dusty and Cece sat down to chat.
Cece: Mom, I'm so glad Jules is here! Isn't he attractive?!
Dusty: Hm…
Dusty: I would give him a solid 8.
Cece: Mom! That's the father of my child! Isn't he a 10?
Dusty: Your father was a 10. Your baby daddy is adorable, but I love the rugged look.
Cece: Whatever mom. Your man radar has been off ever since dad died.
Dusty: You better shut your mouth or I'll murder you in your sleep.
Cece: …
Isn't this a functional and happy family?
Trails Family: *cracks up*
I'm disappointed.
Jules worked on his painting skill in the heir bedroom. Eventually, he'll be good enough to start getting some money in the house!
I love the way they look at each other. Oh nooooo-
Cece: What?
You guys aren't even an official couple!
Cece: Whatever.
We'll have to change that before the baby!
Cece: *laughs*
Jules: I'm really happy here in America mon amour!
Cece: I'm really happy here too!
Jules: Well, I was wondering if-
Jules: you would be my oh **** what do they call it girlfriend?
Cece: Oh, what the hell? Sure.
YAY WHAT A HAPPY COUPLE. Have I ever mentioned I love his face?
Cece: YES. Now stop checking out my boyfriend.
Fine.
Dusty continued to live her easy life of making food and taking care of Elijah.
It was perfect! Well, it was…
Until Jules started to argue with Cece.
Jules: I know you are uh… what do you say…. CHEATER! Yes! Cheater! You still considered engaged to dead husband!
As you can see, he was pissed. I have no idea how he knew about Cece's “fiance”, Dustin's ghost hasn't even graced our presence yet.
Their relationship points are basically non existent now. They're still a couple but Jules has the “betrayed” moodlet (for 3 days!!!) so he won't accept any romantic advances from Cece.
Cece: How dare he… I want to-
STOP! I want you guys to have like one more baby after this one. We'll work on it!
Cece: *groans*
Jules calmed down while gardening outside for a few hours.
For the time being, I made them as close to friends as possible.
After all, Elijah was just starting to have a father figure!
They tolerated each other for a few sim hours.
Once Cece started to talk about love…
Let's just say it went downhill.
Cece: I meant business when I refused to let him touch my stomach.
Honestly guys, I believe she's devastated.
Cece: AM NOT! Where did you even get that photo?
They even slept in separate bedrooms that night.
Well, they did until Cece started to go into labor.
Jules: Oh no! What I do Cece? What I do?
Cece: GET ME TO THE DAMN HOSPITAL.
Let's just say Jules was less than excited about the ride to the hospital.
Cece: I think he was frightened to say the least.
If I was him, I would be scared of a hormonal version of you too!
Well…. now I can see why Jules accused you of cheating.
He looks annoyed.
Cece: How can you see why he thought I cheated?
Your baby doesn't look remotely like him at the moment…
Cece: Come on! It's burrito form! Give me a break. I'm mad enough that my family isn't perfect at the moment.
Cece: Oh llama.
What?
Cece: It's the sass squad.
Next Time:
PARTY PARTY PARTY!
Cece: Thanks for reading!
Advertisements
Houston Texans offensive coordinator George Godsey, left, talks with quarterback Brock Osweiler (17) during training camp July 31, 2016. (Photo: Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports)
George Godsey has spent his entire 13-year coaching career on the offensive side of the ball, and the Detroit Lions are banking on that experience helping their middling defense.
Godsey, who was fired as Houston Texans offensive coordinator last month, is joining the Lions as a defensive assistant in charge of special projects.
While Godsey won't coach a position group, he will help the team prepare for upcoming opponents, much like Gunther Cunningham has done in recent seasons and Randy Edsall did last year.
Edsall served as the team's director of football research and special projects until he left to take over as UConn coach in December.
Like Edsall, Godsey has a history with Lions general manager Bob Quinn. The two spent three seasons together with the New England Patriots, where Godsey was an offensive assistant in 2011 and the team's tight ends coach in 2012-13.
He left New England to coach quarterbacks for another ex-Patriots assistant, Bill O'Brien, with the Texans in 2014, and spent the last two seasons as Houston's offensive coordinator. The Texans went 9-7 and won the AFC South last year but finished 29th in total offense and got little out of quarterback Brock Osweiler.
Before New England, Godsey coached running backs and quarterbacks at Central Florida. He played quarterback at Georgia Tech and in the Arena Football League.
The Lions, who finished 18th in defense last year, return their entire coaching staff from 2016, aside from Edsall.
Contact Dave Birkett: dbirkett@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @davebirkett.
Download our Lions Xtra app for free on Apple and Android!
“Her team needs to be more realistic about an artist who doesn't have much of a history of working with corporate partners,” one person familiar with the talks said.
Apple has reportedly declined an offer made by the British singer-songwriter Adele to stock her newest album, 25, in Apple retail stores (via The Daily Mail ). Meanwhile, the singer's agents at William Morris Endeavor -- a talent agency -- have pitched the Cupertino company on a possible $30 million tour sponsorship after the album debuts on November 20. It's not currently clear where the status of that offer is with Apple.$30 million is about ten times more than the average marketing deal, but Adele's team is banking on the long-gestating album to be a hit when it launches later in November. The singer has already put out a single, "Hello," which is on track to set a record for most downloaded single and has already broken Vevo's previously most-viewed music video record with 27.7 million views in 24 hours. Still, with the brazen tactics at getting the singer a high-profile sponsor deal with the tech company, some in the industry question the success of such a partnership.The marketing team working for Adele is pushing for a physical copy-focus debut of 25, in the similar vein of Taylor Swift's 1989, which debuted a year ago this past Tuesday with exclusive tracks made available only in retail packages sold at Target. Similarly, 25 will get a Target-specific release with a "deluxe version" only available in the retail giant's physical locations, including three bonus tracks for fans."Hello" debuted on Apple Music simultaneously with other streaming services, but the upcoming record's physical sales approach may limit the streaming support it gets on November 20, although Adele's team has yet to confirm specifically where 25 will be available when it launches. If the $30 million deal goes through with Apple, it's likely 25 will see an exclusivity window with Apple Music at launch.
Extreme vetting is going social.
The White House has approved tougher vetting rules for visa applicants, including a questionnaire that asks for five years-worth of social media handles and e-mail addresses.
With the proliferation of terrorists learning their craft through extremist YouTube videos and terror related social media accounts, tougher vetting in the online realm has become an absolute necessity.
More from The Political Insider
Via Fox News:
The Trump administration has approved a new questionnaire for U.S. visa applicants that asks for social media handles and accounts used during the last five years and travel history, including the source of funding for trips, over the last 15 years, for more “rigorous” vetting. The State Department requested expedited consideration and “emergency review” from the Office of Management and Budget on May 5 for the new visa application protocol. Fox News can confirm that OMB has approved the new measures. The State Department proposed new measures for U.S. visa applicants worldwide in order to “more rigorously” evaluate applicants for terrorism or other national security-related visa ineligibilities.
“We're trying to have the best information possible from countries to identify the client and understand the background of people who want to do us harm,” a Department of Homeland Security official told Fox.
New questionnaire for visa applicants worldwide was rolled out asking for 15 years of social media handles/email addresses. pic.twitter.com/0yHddBFtSz — ALT Immigration (@ALT_uscis) June 1, 2017
“Social media sites and applications have been propaganda multipliers, allowing them to connect with potential followers across countries, cultures and languages,” according to Rep. Michael McCaul, chair of the House Homeland Security Committee.
Others, like Babak Yousefzadeh, a San Francisco attorney and president of the Iranian American Bar Association, claim such extreme vetting measures give the government too much “arbitrary power.”
The move is a key step in fighting ‘lone wolf' terrorists who are bound together by an extremist ideology proliferating online.
For example, officials have linked the online videos and ideology of since deceased radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki to at least 11 terror incidents between 2009 and 2016.
This latest move is yet another step the President has taken to help implement an extreme vetting process for those coming into our country.
Earlier this week, the White House filed a pair of emergency applications with the Supreme Court seeking to reinstate the President's executive order temporarily banning travel from terrorist hotbeds.
Keeping Americans safe from terrorists has been a pillar of the administration. Social media vetting of visa applicants is the next logical step.
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com ‘Avengers' Star Compares Donald Trump to a Plantation Owner
Do you think this is a wise move by President Trump and his administration? Share your thoughts below!
Denial of service (DoS) attacks involve the simultaneous sending of millions of messages or page requests to an organisation's servers. The sudden, massive deluge of information can render website and email servers inoperable.
The UK's main cybercrime law is the Computer Misuse Act, passed 18 years ago. Its application to denial of service attacks had been the subject of some confusion.
In 2005, charges were brought under that Act against teenager David Lennon who sent his former employer five million emails at once. The massive volume of email disabled the office server. A Magistrates' Court said that Lennon had no case to answer because the employer's system was designed to receive email. But the High Court later said that the original judge had erred in that ruling. Lennon eventually pleaded guilty and, in 2006, he was sentenced to two months' curfew with an electronic tag.
The first attempt to amend the Computer Misuse Act, to put the illegality of DoS attacks beyond doubt, dates back six years. A Private Member's Bill to amend the Act was introduced by the Earl of Northesk in 2002, but like most Private Members' Bills, it failed to become law.
Changes were made to the Computer Misuse Act in 2006 but they were not made live at the time. In October 2007 they were adopted in Scotland, but not in England and Wales.
The Home Office said that the changes would be brought into force in April 2008, but they were not. The Statutory Instrument to bring them into force was finally passed on 24th September and the changes came into effect for England and Wales on 1st October 2008.
The changes make it a criminal offence to conduct DoS attacks. The original legislation included offences of unauthorised access to computer material and of unauthorised modification of computer material. There is now a new offence of doing anything without authorisation with intent to impair, or with recklessness as to impairing, the operation of a computer.
The new offence carries a maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment and a fine. It replaces the more limited offence of unauthorised modification, which carried a five-year maximum sentence.
The changes also increase the maximum penalty for unauthorised access to computer material from six months' imprisonment and a fine to two years' imprisonment and a fine.
The Computer Misuse Act has also been changed to make it an offence to make, adapt, supply or offer to supply any article which is "likely to be used to commit, or to assist in the commission of, [a hacking or unauthorised modification or DoS] offence". It is also an offence to supply an article "believing that it is likely" to be used to commit such an offence.
The meaning of "article" includes any program or data. The provisions would cover the supply of DoS or virus toolkits. Anyone convicted of breaking this section of the Act could be jailed for up to two years.
This part of the law has been controversial because security researchers have said that it could impede their work.
"The difficulty in the Act is that it says 'any item' and people are worried that that might include information about a piece of software's security vulnerability," Cambridge University security researcher Dr Richard Clayton previously told OUT-LAW.COM. "If you distribute information about a security vulnerability and the bad guys use it to attack it then the information about that vulnerability might qualify."
The Statutory Instrument which came into force this October amends the Police and Justice Act of 2006. The Instrument makes live provisions in that Act which in turn amend the Computer Misuse Act.
It was bound to happen sooner or later. Valve's online gaming distribution website Steam has removed what appears to be the very first game from user libraries. Many games have been removed from the Steam store, but have remained in user libraries. Individuals have had games removed for various reasons as well, but this appears to be the first game, in its entirety, removed from every user library.
Square Enix shut down the servers for Order of War: Challenge and instead of merely removing the game from the storefront, Valve erased its existence altogether. For customers who purchased---and I'm tempted to write this as "purchased"---it's like a game that never was.
To be fair, with the servers shutdown, the game would have been impossible to play anyways. This isn't simply because it's an online-only game. In fact, Order of War: Challenge has 18 single-player missions as well. But due to always-online DRM, even the single-player portion of the game requires the servers to be up and running.
So here we have the confluence of two modern phenomena in the video game industry. First, there's the hazy concept of digital ownership---or "ownership" as the case may be. Second, the growing peril of always-online requirements for games that have single-player components.
When the two collide we get a very clear picture of just how transitory your ownership of a video game truly is.
It's actually quite fitting that on Steam we have a "library" of games as opposed to, say, a digital shelf. The games purchased online have no physical copy and are, in effect, simply leased to us rather than actually owned by us. So if Steam decides to pull a game from our libraries, that's well within Valve's right (and all of this is, of course, in the Terms of Service, or TOS.)
But this somewhat risky proposition is hedged against by the fact that Valve has absolutely no reason to pull games from our libraries whatsoever. The incentives to keep game in user libraries, on the other hand, are clear: it keeps customers happy and paying.
Always-online DRM throws a wrench into the gears. Here Steam, or any other distribution outfit, has no choice in the matter. They could, theoretically, leave games broken by server shutdowns in user libraries, if only out of principle. But the games wouldn't function and customers would still have no way to play them. At least by pulling the game there is some way for customers to theoretically request a refund.
So while digital ownership, or the lack thereof, is a real concern that hasn't been properly addressed in our legal system yet, the much bigger story here, to me at least, is the problem with always-online DRM. The two are related to a degree. If Valve went out of business tomorrow, what would happen to all of our games? If Steam shuts down, will we have some way to access our libraries? Would we simply lose our collection?
Many concerns over always-online DRM come down to server reliability---see the launch of SimCity 5 or Diablo III---and what happens to players who have poor internet connections (they don't play.)
But by far the biggest concern is what happens to these games when the lights go out. A game with no online requirement can be played ad infinitum. A game that requires accessing a server that can be shut down has no such guarantee of perpetuity.
When a game is solely online multiplayer (think MMOs like World of Warcraft) this is understood going in. We all know that if Blizzard shuts down WoW we won't be able to play it anymore. There's an agreement and an understanding from the get-go that at some point this may come to an end, and we'll stop paying our subscription.
But with games that include single-player components, that implicit agreement doesn't exist. Nor should it.
None of this is unique to video games, of course. We've already seen Amazon pull books from Kindle libraries. Should Amazon or Barnes & Noble go out of business, what would happen to our Kindle and Nook libraries? I suspect they'd remain intact since some other firm would likely buy up the Kindle business, but who knows?
Order of War: Challenge was not a hugely popular title, obviously, and Square Enix chose to no longer spend money supporting it. Valve pulled the game from user libraries since it no longer functioned as the product people paid for. It all makes sense from a financial standpoint, but the uncomfortable fact remains that some people paid for a product and then one day woke up and found that it was gone.
There's something unsettling about that. I imagine purchasing a TV. It works fine for a couple years and then one night the manufacturer breaks into my home and sabotages it, and then a couple of hours later the retailer who sold it to me breaks in and hauls it off. I wake up in the morning and my TV is gone. A note explaining that the TV only functioned so long as the manufacturer wanted it to be sitting on the entertainment stand. Thank you for enjoying our product, we hope you go out right now and buy another one.
A television set is obviously a much larger and very different type of purchase, but I consider both the TV and the game to be my property. I'm wrong to do that, of course. The game isn't and never was my property. The question is whether or not it ought to be. Whether or not consumers are selling themselves short by agreeing to this state of affairs.
Update: It appears that contrary to what I first believed, the single-player portion of the game---Order of War without the "Challenge"---is still available on Steam, and only the multi-player content has been removed.
That's good, and changes some of the details in the above post. But my larger point still stands: Single-player games that have always-online DRM attached are inherently at the mercy of the servers' longevity, having an internet connection to begin with, etc. That's a problem that complicates the notion of digital ownership.
(Hat-tip: reddit)
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Presidential candidates from the Green, Libertarian and Constitution parties have met the deadline to submit nominating papers to get on the fall ballot in Pennsylvania.
The Department of State said Tuesday it received the paperwork from the Greens' Jill Stein, the Libertarians' Carla Howell and the Constitution Party's Darrell Castle.
Howell, the Libertarians' national political director, is a stand-in who plans to withdraw her name soon and be replaced by former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson. The person submitted as vice president by the Libertarians, Ken Krawchuk, also plans to step aside, in his case in favor Johnson's running mate, former Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld.
The parties are seeking to take on Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 voting.
The only third-party candidate to receive more than 1 percent of the general election vote in Pennsylvania in the last four presidential races was Ralph Nader, who reached 2.1 percent as a Green candidate in 2000.
The Libertarian Party is also putting forward Edward Clifford III in the U.S. Senate race that pits Republican incumbent Pat Toomey against Democratic challenger Katie McGinty.
Nominating papers were submitted ahead of Monday's deadline by 12 minor party or independent candidates for state House seats and two for state Senate.
The Libertarian and Green parties are putting up candidates for Pennsylvania treasurer and auditor general. Libertarians also have filed for state attorney general and in two congressional races.
The nominating papers can be challenged in court, similar to how major party nominating petitions can be challenged before the spring primary.
A federal court ruling a month ago lowered the signature requirements for third parties significantly, a victory for those who fought Pennsylvania ballot-access rules that were widely considered to have been among the nation's toughest.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Marco Silva won eight of his 22 matches in charge of Hull City
Watford have appointed former Hull boss Marco Silva as their new manager on a two-year contract.
Silva is the ninth Watford boss in five years and the eighth since the Italian Pozzo family took over in 2012.
The 39-year-old Portuguese replaced Mike Phelan at Hull in January but was unable to prevent relegation to the Championship and resigned on Thursday.
Chairman Scott Duxbury said Silva is "one of the most sought after head coaches in the Premier League".
He added: "His pedigree and promise speaks for itself with his achievements in top divisions elsewhere across Europe, as well as his work at Hull City last season."
Silva succeeds Walter Mazzarri at Vicarage Road, with the Italian dismissed before the final league match of a season in which the Hornets finished 17th.
Silva previously managed at Estoril, Sporting Lisbon and Olympiakos and during his Hull reign he extended a combined unbeaten home record with all four clubs to 41 matches, which was ended by a 2-0 defeat against relegated Sunderland.
Hull were relegated in the penultimate week of the season and Silva said at the time: "It's my goal as a manager to work in the Premier League."
The Tigers won only once away from home and lost their final three matches, suffering a 7-1 thrashing by second-placed Tottenham on the final day.
By Mick Krever, CNN
“We can't be the world's policeman,” he told Amanpour, “but we can be the world's last resort.”
Former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that, despite some reticence, he now supports a limited military intervention in Syria.
“I have been against American military intervention, and have said so publically,” Kissinger told Amanpour in New York. “This, however, is a use of weapons of mass destruction, which has consequences beyond Syria. … For that reason, and for the limited purpose of penalizing the use of weapons of mass destruction, I support President Obama's request.”
Kissinger said that as much as he can, he has urged congress to authorize the U.S. president's request to use force.
“It would have been a lot better if this had had a formal vote at the UN,” Kissinger said. “But in the last resort, and if the issue is important enough, the United States may have to act – really for the sake of everybody.”
“We can't be the world's policeman,” he told Amanpour, “but we can be the world's last resort.”
Despite his support for an American intervention, Kissinger said he was worried by President Obama's surprise decision to take his proposal before congress, instead of action without its consent, as the president did in Libya (albeit with UN Security Council support).
“I think it was unwise to put it before the congress,” Kissinger said. “It creates the impression … that the president really doesn't have the authority to act unless he has congress, and that therefore there's substantial delay which the congress deliberates.”
President Obama himself, when announcing his intention to take his proposal to congress, acknowledged that he has the authority to act without congressional support, but said that he believed an intervention would be “stronger” and more “effective” with congress' support.
But Kissinger warned that the very realistic alternative, that President Obama is denied his request for congressional authorization, would set a grave precedent.
It would “be dangerous for the world if the president of the United States were repudiated on a matter that he considers of the importance of the campaign he has now put forth,” he said.
President Obama is seeking to act unilaterally, without UN Security Council support, partly because of the support given to President Assad by Russia – a country with which Kissinger had much experience as a long-serving secretary of state during the Cold War.
“Putin is a man who wants to restore Russia to some respect,” Kissinger said. “But he comes from a country that has a tradition of flexing its muscles. So sometimes the conduct is confrontational.”
Despite being bitter enemies during the Cold War, the United States and the Soviet Union were able to develop a kind of détente – a détente that seems to be lacking even now.
“In the end, we and Russia can develop common objectives because where we clash are issues like Syria, where I believe we both should have the same objective,” Kissinger said, “which is the radicalization of the Arab world. Because a radical Arab world will spread over into Russia before it spills over into us.”
Kathmandu: While there is no clarity on the fate of the withdrawn Indian currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations in Nepal, new Indian Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 banknotes are deemed illegal and banned for exchange, Nepal's central bank said on Thursday.
The Nepal Rastra Bank said the new Indian notes, which have appeared in border areas dues to the open border, cannot be exchanged until India accords approval.
Ramu Poudel, chief of the NRB's eastern region, told members of business community in Biratnagar that the new Indian rupee notes in Nepal will be considered as "illegal" until new facilities of exchange are determined by the Indian apex bank.
As of now, said Poudel, the understanding with Reserve Bank of India is that a Nepali citizen can hold up to Rs 25,000 worth of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination Indian currency notes. "Even the fate of those old notes is uncertain... how can these new Indian notes coming into the market be considered as legal?"
Nepal and India have not yet reached any agreement on the modality of exchange of the withdrawn notes, and the new notes will be exchangeable in Nepal only after India's central bank issues a new FEMA notification under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, according to the NRB.
The FEMA notification allows foreign countries or nationals to hold on to a certain amount of Indian notes. At present, India has allowed Nepali citizens to individually hold Rs 25,000 in Indian currency.
Poudel said the two central banks were in close contact to ease the exchange facilities but no way out has been identified yet.
After India banned its old Rs 500 and 1,000 notes, Nepal's central bank had formed a task force to prepare a guideline for Indian currency exchange.
"The modality and guidelines has already been handed over to the Indian side for their consideration through the Indian Embassy," said Poudel, adding that India is cautious about providing exchange facilities to citizens of a foreign country, as it fears it could be used as "a clearing house" to convert counterfeit currency into legal tender.
Last week, Nepal's Premier Prachanda had telephoned Prime Minister Narendra Modi and sought an arrangement so that Nepalese holding a huge stock of banned high denomination Indian banknotes could swap them with legal currency in the country.
During his five-minute telephonic conversation with Modi, Prachanda told him that Nepalese have quite a big stock of Indian banknotes of 500 and 1,000 denominations that have now been pulled out of circulation.
Hundreds of thousands of Nepalese, who earn a living by working as daily-wage labourers in India, visit the neighbouring country seeking medical treatment or rely on Indian markets to purchase daily essentials, are said to be holding big chunk of scrapped Indian banknotes, Kathmandu Post had reported.
With PTI inputs
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Highlights from the abdication of Albert II and coronation of King Philippe
Crown Prince Philippe has been sworn in as the new Belgian king after the emotional abdication of his father Albert II.
The Oxford- and Stanford-educated, trained air force pilot took the oath as the country's seventh king in a ceremony in parliament.
To warm applause, King Philippe, 53, promised to uphold the constitution.
Belgium has a constitutional monarchy in which the king plays a largely ceremonial role.
One of the duties the monarch does have is trying to resolve constitutional crises.
In his final address before signing a legislative act to step down, 79-year-old King Albert said his country must remain a "source of inspiration" to Europe.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Albert II's final day as king began with a thanksgiving Mass at the St Michael and St Gudula Cathedral Image copyright AFP Image caption He hugged his son before signing the abdication treaty at the palace in Brussels Image copyright Reuters Image caption After a service celebrating Albert's 20 years on the throne, Philippe and his wife Mathilde waved to the crowd Image copyright Reuters Image caption They were joined by their children to wave to supporters from the royal palace balcony previous slide next slide
His resignation on the grounds of ill-health came after nearly 20 years on the throne and was timed to coincide with Belgium's national day.
He stressed his wish that Belgium - split between the Dutch-speaking north and the French south - remained united.
Balcony appearance
In a colourful ceremony topped off by trumpet fanfare and cannon-fire, Philippe took his oath in the country's three official languages - Dutch, French and German.
Analysis Along with the national football team, the monarchy is often regarded as one of the few institutions that actually holds Belgium together. Even so, opinion polls suggest French-speaking Wallonia is now a good deal more royalist than Dutch-speaking Flanders, and the new king will have to convince some citizens of his credentials. His big challenge will come next year when national elections are due to be held, and separatist parties in Flanders are expected to do well. After the last election it took more than 500 days to form a national government, because of the deep divisions between Flanders and Wallonia. As king, Philippe (or Filip in Dutch) has an important constitutional role to play, and he will need to prove that he has the political skills to mediate between very different visions of his country's future.
This was a reminder of the delicate political task that awaits him - trying to mediate across the divide between French-speaking Wallonia and Dutch-speaking Flanders, where support for independence has been rising fast, says BBC Europe correspondent Chris Morris.
Flag-waving supporters gathered in the midday sun waiting for their new king and his wife, Mathilde, to greet them from the balcony of the nearby royal palace.
"The new king is a bit of history," said Xavier De Graef, draped in the red, yellow and black of the Belgian tricolour.
"That doesn't happen very often so we wanted to be here," Mr De Graef, from French-speaking Liege, told Reuters news agency.
But not everyone was celebrating.
The far-right separatist Vlaams Belang party boycotted the swearing-in ceremony.
Meanwhile, Jan Jambon, parliamentary head of the N-VA party that wants Dutch-speaking Flanders to break away from Belgium and favours a republic, said the occasion "leaves me cold".
Constitutional crises
In the abdication ceremony at the royal palace in Brussels, the former monarch told his son: "You have all the emotional and intellectual qualities to serve our country well."
He thanked an audience of some 250 dignitaries and political leaders "for all that you have achieved during my reign".
Ex-king Albert also thanked his wife, Paola, for the support she had given him during his reign, and was in turn thanked by Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo for his service to his country.
Mr Di Rupo holds the political power in the 183-year-old parliamentary democracy.
Albert II then embraced his son and signed the official abdication papers, ending his reign.
King Albert exercised his authority in mediating between political leaders on the formation of a government during the 2010-2011 parliamentary stalemate, when Belgium was left without a government for 541 days after elections failed to find a clear winner.
Tensions between the Dutch-speaking and French communities sometimes run high, and the issue has brought down several governments, creating frequent political instability.
Respect for the royal family, though, is one of the few factors that crosses the communal divide.
King Albert's abdication comes only three months after Queen Beatrix of the neighbouring Netherlands vacated the Dutch throne in favour of her son Willem-Alexander.
A ban on all Muslim face veils in public places is part of new measures agreed by Austria's ruling coalition partners, and is due to be implemented before the next parliamentary vote in 2018.
The ban is a part of the ‘integration law' included in the coalition's new action plan, which was negotiated by the representatives of the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPO) and the conservative People's Party (OVP), which together form the ruling centrist coalition.
Read more
The contents of the new governmental program were presented on Monday.
The proposed Muslim face veil ban mostly applies to the burka and niqab – the veils that cover the whole face or leave only the eyes open. Under the new measures, women will not be allowed to wear burqas or niqabs in any public places.
"We believe in an open society that is also based on open communication. Full-body veils in public spaces stand against that and will therefore be prohibited," the text of the action plan said.
The draft law also envisages a full ban on any Muslim headscarves for all state and public officials, police personnel, judges and prosecutors as part of the “neutrality standard in the public services.” However, this full ban would not be applied to teachers, a government official told the Austrian Kurier daily.
Apart from the ban on Muslim veils, the ‘integration law' also includes mandatory attendance of German language lessons and value courses for all refugees and migrants arriving in Austria. Those who refuse to attend the courses, would be ‘fined' by having their social benefits cut, the draft proposal says.
The paper particularly stresses that all Salafist propaganda and recruiting campaigns as well as distributing the Koran by Salafist groups would be banned in Austria.
The ruling coalition's political program also includes some broader security measures such as the electronic tagging of former jihadists and increased video surveillance measures. The coalition also vowed to stem the migration inflow to Austria and lower the number of new arrivals.
Read more
The government also plans to restrict eastern European workers access to Austria's labor market while prioritizing the job needs of Austrians in sectors where companies prefer to hire workers from Eastern Europe.
Earlier in January, a similar system was proposed by the Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, the head of the SPO. Such a system was provisionally implemented between 2004 and 2011 after many countries of Central and Eastern Europe joined the EU.
The new program is expected to cost the government € 4 billion ($ 4,27 billion) and was signed by all the ministers on Monday. It's been sent to the Lower House of the Austrian parliament for approval and is due to be debated on Tuesday.
The paper was agreed by the representatives of the SPO and OVP following a rift in the coalition that could result in early elections. However, on Sunday, the coalition partners managed to successfully re-negotiate the terms of their political alliance.
In mid-January, the head of the Austrian far-right Freedom Party (FPO), Heinz-Christian Strache called for the adoption of “an effective law banning political Islam” and stressed that the Alpine country should also stop accepting new migrants and refugees. He also accused migrants of having “misogynistic, anti-liberal and … a fascist worldview.”
Austria, which has a population of about 8.7 million people, received more than 130,000 claims for asylum from people coming from the Middle East and Northern Africa since the summer of 2015 and took in one of the greatest numbers of refugees per capita along with Sweden.
Now, about 600,000 Muslims, including those, who arrived during the refugee crisis, live in Austria, accounting for about 7 percent of its population. A recent study conducted by the Austrian Academy of Sciences demonstrated that 40 percent of refugees in Austria believe religious commandments take precedence over the nation's laws.
Today in the corporate media, Venezuela's economic problems are used to paint the country as a failed state, in need of foreign-backed regime change. To get the Bolivarian government's side of the crisis, Abby Martin interviews Venezuela's Minister of Economic Planning, Ricardo Menéndez. They discuss shortages, oil dependency, the role of the US-backed opposition movement and more. The Empire Files joined him in Cojedes, Venezuela, where he was speaking to mass community meetings, organizing the population to fight against what he calls an economic war.
In a specific part of the interview, Menéndez explains briefly the economic war launched by the US empire against Venezuela:
We are the victims of an attack to the Bolivar, the national currency. This charge against our currency has become evident on certain websites based outside Venezuela, where fictitiously, without any rationale or economic proof to back it up, they determine a political value of our currency. With this political value they pretend to generate the cost structure of what happens in our nation. You can have a product made in Venezuela that contains no imported parts, but the price is fixed by this rate, which is set in Miami, where they decide precisely the rate for the Bolivar.
At the same time, it gains an economic presence and they decide to accelerate the process. They detonate the price between Miami and Cucuta. These are two geopolitical components that you can have a clear read of their participation in the economic assault on Venezuela.
70% of the inflation in Venezuela is related to the American dollar rating being effectively made both in Miami and Cucuta. Afterwards, the extraction of paper currency. This means actually taking Bolivars out of the borders in order to generate a drought, affecting the ability of Venezuelans to pay in cash. These are concrete elements. So, the currency was affected by extraction smuggling. This extraction smuggling, envelops in certain cases, up to 40% of the products of the country that are taken away via extraction smuggling. This is a clear call of aggression towards a nation.
We have imported 300,000 tons of rice, and 300,000 tons of rice goes through the border towards Colombia. In the face of this strategy that intended to bring our country to bankruptcy, that was the basic intention, breaking the Republic, the nation. The government declared emergency measures in the face of this intention.
Ubisoft is expanding its presence in mobile.
The French publisher announced today that it acquired mobile game studio Ketchapp. Ubisoft did not disclose the details of the deal, but the purchase will go through during the company's fiscal third quarter that ends December 31. Ketchapp is responsible for free-to-play games like Risky Road, Stack, and Gravity Switch. Bringing that library of apps into Ubisoft will make the company the fourth largest publisher in terms of total downloads in the $36.6 billion mobile gaming market.
Ketchapp first came to prominence when it released the app 2048 on iOS and Android in 2014. Smartphone owners downloaded that game millions of times. But that app was also widely criticized for boldly cloning the gameplay and aesthetics of the beloved puzzle game Threes from developer Asher Volmer. In a blog post, Volmer expressed how sad it made him to see companies like Ketchapp rip off his idea. Since then, many of Ketchapp's games have appeared to ape the gameplay or aesthetics from other, smaller studios.
Risky Road has a conceit that is nearly the same as indie developer Owlchemy Labs' Smuggle Truck. Stack has an aesthetic style that is similar to stand-out hit Monument Valley from Ustwo. Gravity Switch features a gravity-flipping mechanic that reminds me a lot of the platformer VVVVVV from developer Terry Cavanagh. Crazy Circle is an inverted take on Cavanagh's Super Hexagon.
But Ketchapp's value to Ubisoft likely isn't in its game-design capabilities. The company has built a platform that can find new mobile games an audience almost immediately. Ketchapp does that by cross-promoting its games across its network of several dozen apps. That has led to people downloading the publisher's mobile apps more than 700 million times or an average of 23 million downloads per month.
“With Ketchapp, Ubisoft acquires a highly profitable publisher with a successful portfolio of free-to-play games for mobile,” Ubisoft mobile director Jean-Michel Detoc said. “This acquisition gives Ubisoft one of the world's leading mobile game publishers and reinforces our advertising capabilities in mobile gaming.”
It's that marketing know-how that makes Ketchapp an important addition to Ubisoft's portfolio. Now, Ubi can build original mobile games and launch them into the Ketchapp ecosystem without having to spend quite as much on player acquisition. And that's a major key to profitability in an industry where it can cost several dollars to bring one new player to a game.
Most celebrities know when to keep their mouths shut. Woody Allen does not. This weekend, amid the swirling horrors of the unfolding Harvey Weinstein scandal, the bespectacled director unwisely opened his maw.
Woody Allen, left, with Harvey Weinstein at the premiere of Allen's Vicky Cristina Barcelona on Aug. 4, 2008, in Los Angeles. ( Chris Pizzello / AP File Photo )
“The whole Harvey Weinstein thing is very sad for everybody involved,” Allen told the BBC. “Tragic for the poor women that were involved, sad for Harvey that (his) life is so messed up. There are no winners in that, it's just very, very sad and tragic for those poor women that had to go through that.” His sympathy for the victims is clear. But the bundled hint of sympathy for Weinstein was a real head-scratcher. It triggered instant blowback. Rose McGowan, who alleges Weinstein raped her — there are now more than 30 women who say the movie producer sexually assaulted or harassed them — called Allen a “vile little worm.”
Article Continued Below
That was one of the kinder testimonials tossed his way. Under siege from all sides, Allen then clarified his comments. “When I said I felt sad for Harvey Weinstein I thought it was clear the meaning was because he is a sad, sick man,” Allen said, in a statement to Variety that only underscored just how unclear he was on the first attempt. “I was surprised it was treated differently. Lest there be any ambiguity, this statement clarifies my intention and feelings.” Does it? I'm not so sure. In that original BBC interview, Allen also lamented the possibility, post-Weinstein, of a “witch-hunt atmosphere,” one that might mean “every guy in an office who winks at a woman is suddenly having to call a lawyer to defend himself.” As he concludes: “That's not right either.”
And with that, Allen is dead wrong. I'm generally against witch hunts, but only when a witch hunt entails wrongful persecution. When my wife wrongly accuses me of leaving dirty laundry outside the hamper, this is most definitely a witch hunt.
Article Continued Below
But on the matter of sexual harassment, we are long overdue for a witch hunt. In fact, we can't have enough witch hunts. As Weinstein just proved, the lack of good witch hunts in the culture only helps to create newer and scarier monsters. Read more: End the culture of silence around sexual assault: Editorial Sarah Polley says Harvey Weinstein said a ‘close relationship' with him would help her career Weinstein Co. may be up for sale amid fallout from sex assault allegations One of the more exhausting parts of the dialogue we keep having after these outrages rattle sensibilities is the bleak realization that too many people still don't grasp the systemic depths of the problem. When someone as depraved and reprehensible as Weinstein rears his ugly head in the news cycle, there is a tendency to completely miss the soft underbelly of the issue. We fixate on the extreme and ignore the banal. Yes, of course a workplace wink is benign compared to what Weinstein is accused of doing. But here's the thing: what he was doing, in his demented mind, was no different from winking. It was just more extreme to everyone else. Exposing himself, asking actresses to watch him shower, begging for naked massages, stripping down and masturbating while preventing terrified women from escaping — all of this was his deranged way of winking.
Rebecca Sun, an editor from The Hollywood Reporter, discusses the latest avalanche of allegations against Harvey Weinstein, including reactions from Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina Jolie. (The Associated Press)
But in Allen's outdated worldview, a wink in the office is an innocent flirtation, maybe even a compliment. He does not see the connective tissue between the wink and the hurt. A wink, to him, is an innocuous volley in the first stage of courtship, real or imagined. A wink says “I'm interested,” and what could possibly be wrong with that? The problem is situational context. An office is not a pickup bar. In a workplace, if a wink is perceived as an unwanted sexual overture, you can't just say “buzz off” or douse the winker with a glass of water if the winking persists or morphs into something else. You are stuck with one another and there is only one outcome: that wink becomes toxic. The ephemeral blink creates an indelible violation. And the notion that a “woman in the office” is there to, you know, do her job and not fend off the romantic entreaties of male colleagues is precisely the starting point that leads to Weinstein-grade revulsions. It's the start of every slippery slope. First, it's an unwanted wink. Then it's unwanted sexual innuendo. Then it's unwanted dinner invitations. Then it's unwanted offers for shoulder rubs. Then instead of just working, the woman is forced to juggle her professional responsibilities with the exhausting and wholly unfair personal distraction of having to find ways to rebuff a male colleague. Then she must deal with the awkward feelings that inevitably result, which only adds new poisons to her work life. Sometimes a wink is no big deal. Sometimes the feeling is mutual. I'm sure there are people out there who've been happily married for 50 years in relationships that started with a wink. But in a workplace, if that wink is unwanted, it can make someone feel uneasy, maybe even threatened. The solution is clear: don't wink at your colleagues. You'd think Allen, who has faced accusations of sexual abuse in his own life, would understand this distinction or at least have the good sense to take a vow of silence. His insights are not helping anyone.
Glow-in-the-dark sushi sounds like something that Gary Shteyngart might imagine hip youngsters eating at a Stephen Starr restaurant in 2035. But it's already here. Not in hoity-toity temples to haute sushi, though -- on YouTube and in the Science Gallery in Dublin, Ireland.
The people at the Center for Genomic Gastronomy have put together a series of instruction videos on the former and an exhibit at the latter highlighting the possibility of using transgenic biolumiscent fish to make edible, glow-in-the-dark sushi, all under the aegis of "Glowing Sushi." ("Trangenic" refers to a process by which a gene is taken from one organism -- like a glow-in-the-dark bacteria or jellyfish -- and inserted into another.) Their food doesn't look as delicious as, say, an omakase sushi tasting at Masa. But it does look pretty darn futuristic and cool.
Part of the purpose of the Glowing Sushi project is to highlight the possibilities of food made from genetically modified organisms. Many people, its organizers point out, say that AquAdvantage salmon -- a fast growing transgenic breed of Atlantic salmon whose release for sale in grocery stores has continually been stymied by regulation -- would be the first genetically-modified animal to be approved for use in food. But transgenic zebrafish, known as GloFish, have long been commercially available, and as Glowing Sushi's videos demonstrate, they're perfectly edible.
The reason that the group makes sushi, rather than GloFish meuniere or ceviche, is that heating the fish or exposing it to acid can denature the proteins that make it glow in the dark. The Glowing Sushi chefs do freeze the GloFish, though, to kill any parasites or pathogens, before eating the sushi.
Below, watch a video demonstrating the magic of glow-in-the-dark sushi:
This is part of a series where I am drawing all major characters from Life Is Strange as birds.
A small owl, easily identified by its reddish wings and back and piercing blue eyes, the Scarlet-Winged Barking Owl is both easily startled and extremely aggressive. When alarmed by even the most harmless of birds, its first response is to attack violently, sometimes leading to serious injury or death. It has been theorized that this behavior is learned as a result of the birds' parents forcing it to fight its other siblings for food while still in the nest.I'm very fond of owls, so I thought long and hard about whether I would cast one of my most disliked LiS characters as an owl, but I just couldn't go past the expression of constant alarm that many small owls seem to have. It seemed fitting for someone who seems to exist in a permanent state of near-panic. I've modeled Nathan's owl largely on the Southern Boobook, which is a gorgeous little owl that I often hear at night here in the Blue Mountains. I considered making its eyes more owl-like (ie: yellow), but decided that the blueness of Nathan's eyes is one of his key physical features.There really are a lot of blue-eyed characters in Life Is Strange.Font used: www.dafont.com/dudu-calligraph…
Top officials in Syria and at the Kremlin dismissed the White House's accusations late Monday that Bashar al-Assad's regime appears to be preparing another chemical attack on civilians. Ali Haidar, Syria's minister for national reconciliation, told the Associated Press on Tuesday that the Trump administration's charges were just part of a new diplomatic campaign against Syria at the United Nations. In Moscow, Dmitry Peskov, Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, declared “such threats to Syria's legitimate leaders are unacceptable.” The White House said in a statement late Monday that “The United States has identified potential preparations for another chemical-weapons attack by the [Bashar al] Assad regime that would likely result in the mass murder of civilians, including innocent children,” then, “As we have previously stated, the United States is in Syria to eliminate the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. If, however, Mr. Assad conducts another mass-murder attack using chemical weapons, he and his military will pay a heavy price.” The statement warned the alleged activities “are similar to preparations the regime made before its April 4, 2017 chemical-weapons attack”—after which the U.S. military fired cruise missiles at the airfield where the suspected bombers took off.
The MSA British Rallycross Championship will feature a new event format for the 2016 season as organisers look to fall in line with other series.
For the new season, every competitor will compete in three heats with the top sixteen at the end of the heat stages (now called the Intermediate Classification), divided into two eight-car semi-finals. The top four from each semi-final will qualify for the eight-car final.
While there will be no major change to the points structure and all three heat times will count towards the Intermediate Classification, there will be two bonus points for the driver in each category setting the fastest time in the qualifying heats. Bonus points for entering on time and Supercar timed practice have been dropped.
BARC and LHMC will continue to run the championship for 2016 and Tim Whittington has been appointed Championship Manager for the news season.
“The FIA World Rallycross Championship has lifted the profile of rallycross in general, the MSA British Championship needs to capitalise on that now.” said Whittington.
“There is a group of knowledgeable volunteers in the championship, it's important to harness their enthusiasm together with the passion of competitors to improve the way in which events are presented and develop the championship. Changes in format will make the best use of track time and offer drivers and fans more track action. Fundamentally it has all the components of a very good championship, it's just a question of putting it together properly.”
Other changes for 2016 include a single fuel supplier in the paddock with Carless Fuel (Vital Equipment) providing their services.
This story was brought to you by Thought Catalog and Quote Catalog.
It's more than opening doors, pulling out chairs, paying if he chooses to.
It's more than walking you out and making sure you got home safely.
It's more than the respect he shows to your father and family.
And it's even more than when he likes you enough to introduce you to his friends and family.
Don't commit to him until he really proves he wants you in his life and wants to make you a priority.
Don't commit to him until you see him make sacrifices. The one who will do whatever you need him to when you need him to do it.
“Don't commit to him until you see him make sacrifices. The one who will do whatever you need him to when you need him to do it.”
The one who will change his schedule if it makes your life easier.
Because as much as it's the little acts like waking up and leaving you coffee before he leaves as you're still sleeping or cooks for you and brings it to bed, there more to it than that.
Don't commit to him until he really shows you who he is and isn't afraid of it.
The one who isn't afraid to be vulnerable. Isn't afraid to tell you about his past. Isn't afraid to talk about the things you need to if you want any hope of a relationship.
The one who listens to what you say and remembers it.
The one who pays attention to little details and notices things.
Don't commit to him until you've seen every side of him and know that you still love him. A good mood or bad mood. Drunk. Angry. Sad. Frustrated when his team loses. In every physical form, someone can be. When he has morning breath or is dressed to a T.
And make sure you can show him every side of you.
Even those parts you're scared of. The side of you, you've hidden from the world. The side you might hate.
Don't commit to him until he's seen that and teaches you how to accept every part of yourself.
Don't commit to him until you realize he wouldn't change a thing about you, even when everyone else has made it seem like it's you that is flawed.
Let him be the one to tell you they are wrong until you believe it.
Don't commit to him until you know he's got your back supporting you, encouraging you, making you better and making you want to achieve more. The one who isn't afraid to tell you when you're settling in life or not standing up for yourself or not doing what you need to do. But then goes and holds your hand as you do it. Don't commit until you have someone who is not just your number one fan but on your team helping you get to whatever you want to be. The one who knows when to lift you when you've fallen but also knows when to stand back and just watch in awe.
Don't commit to him until you know his word is gold and flaking out on you or changing plans is the last thing he'd ever do.
The one who looks forward to seeing you, talking to you, just being around you.
The one who truly misses you when you leave.
Don't commit to him until you see him apologize when he's wrong and does everything to make it right.
The one who actually wants to know how your day is. The one who picks up the phone and calls. The one you lose track of time talking to because you're lost in each other. Don't commit until you know he loves you and isn't afraid to say it even if it's first.
The one who makes you feel like the most beautiful girl in the world because he constantly is telling you that.
Don't commit until he enters your life upping and the previous standard you might have had.
The one who looks at challenges in relationships as something you can overcome together. Don't commit until you know he wants you in your future and when you look in his eyes you both forget and forgive yourself for the past.
A classic Canadian summer includes many things like cold beer, fresh darts, uneven tan lines, cool lakes, grilled meats, badminton, corn, tubing, liquor, bonfires, cannonballs into swimming pools, ice cream, The Tragically Hip, cool shades, lobster, Toronto Blue Jays, fireworks, fishing, camping, hiking, biking, and talking about how it's almost September. Since we're a very loyal people, it's rare for a new tradition to enter the national consciousness, but thanks to thegang, we now have something else to look forward to once the mighty beaver sheds its winter tail.of the smash hitexclusive series has OFFICIALLY started shooting in Sudbury, Ontario, and will hopefully shoot every summer from now ‘til the end of time. Series creator, star, and all-around beauty Jared Keeso tweeted out this shot of a lovely Sudbury morning to kick things off:
NewsFreedom, Homosexuality
TORONTO, April 24, 2015 (LifeSiteNews.com) -- A lesbian teacher ‘married' to another woman revealed at a pro-gay teachers' conference earlier this month how she teaches grade 4-5 students to accept homosexuality through what she called “social justice” math.
Alicia Gunn, an elementary public school teacher in Mississauga, Ontario, told attendees at the April 10 conference in Toronto's City Hall that injecting LGBTQ issues into the classroom, especially in math, helps students as young as nine “disrupt the single story that many of our kids have about LGBTQ families.”
“Social justice math happens when students are solving problems using real, engaging, and meaningful numbers. Social justice issues happening in their school, community, or even globally become the context for the math that the students are doing,” she said.
The conference, hosted by the homosexual activist organization Jer's Vision — now called the Canadian Centre for Gender and Sexual Diversity — focused on the implementation of Bill 13 in Ontario classrooms. Bill 13, called by critics the homosexual bill of rights, passed in June 2012, giving students the right to form pro-gay clubs in their school, including Catholic ones, using the name Gay-Straight Alliance.
When asked by one of the workshop attendees if she first asks parents' permission before bringing homosexual issues up in class, Gunn responded that she does not, but she makes sure to teach her students about numerous social justice issues so that no parent can accuse her of focusing on homosexuality, which she said she likes to “hide” in her lessons.
“I find if you teach all the ‘isms,' it kind of backs you,” she said. “If I teach all the isms, and sometimes I can hide it a little bit in the math, and what I mean is I can say, ‘I'm just teaching your kid about division. I'm so sorry that you, you know, feel that way,” she said, causing the room of educators to break into laughter.
LifeSiteNews attended the event and was asked at one point to stop filming, but captured the discussion on a back-up audio recorder.
Conversations about ‘gay stuff'
Gunn told attendees in her workshop, titled “Equity & Inclusion in Curriculum,” how she used the situation of students one day name-calling a young female student “lesbian” as a springboard to introduce the class into what she called “conversations” about “gay stuff.”
Gunn, who has received awards for her teaching methods and who is featured in a teacher resource put out by the government agency ServiceOntario, related how she first spoke with the female student, telling her that it was “OK to be gay.”
“And when I spoke to her about it, what she kept saying to me was, ‘Mrs. Gunn, I swear I'm not gay. I'm not gay,” Gunn told attendees. “And I kept saying back to her, ‘I don't care if you're gay. It should be OK to be gay.”
In an attempt to “give this girl her dignity back” Gunn made a presentation to the class of the lives of famous people who have identified as ‘gay,' including basketball player Jason Collins, Welsh rugby player Gareth Thomas, and TV host Ellen DeGeneres.
“So, we came back to the carpet to talk about what do these people have in common. And [the students] were saying, ‘They're awesome, they're so cool, they're famous. We'd love to meet them,'” Gunn told attendees.
Video from 2008 of Gunn teaching children about homosexuality:
Gunn then said when she broke the news to the students that all these people were gay, instead of them reacting positively as she had hoped, the students began to shout out “‘gross' and ‘disgusting' and ‘these people are sick.'”
At this point Gunn said she realized she would have to come up with a more creative way to get her students to think differently. That's when she and a few like-minded teachers held a meeting to determine how they could weave the promotion of homosexuality into the curriculum, beginning with math.
Pink Triangles
Gunn showcased at the workshop her math lesson on triangles. She designed it around the pink triangle which the Nazis used in WWII concentration camps to identify sexual offenders including rapists, paedophiles, zoophiles, as well as homosexuals.
“The pink triangle was a badge of shame that the Nazis made gay men wear during the holocaust. So what we did is take a look at all the different badges of shame that people would have been wearing,” she told attendees.
“Now mathematically where we were is looking at different types of triangles. So, looking at angle-inside measurements to be able to tell is it isosceles, is it equilateral, is it scalene. So, that was the math aspect. But more importantly was the [pro-homosexual] thinking that went into it.”
Related: Teacher reveals how he convinced his Catholic school board to go pro-LGBTQ
Following the pink triangle math lesson, Gunn related how she had her students create “badges of pride” to turn the narrative on its head, “because that's what the pink triangle has become, it's become a symbol of pride.”
She related how one student made a badge with a pink heart, writing, “The pink heart shows that I am proud of who I love. I chose the color pink to make the badge, because of the badges of shame the Nazis made pink to make gays feel bad about being gay. So, I use it to show that you can love whoever you want.”
Gunn said she was pleased with the students' headway.
“Already I'm feeling that the story is being disrupted. The original story of gay people being gross and disgusting, slowly we're getting there.”
“So, I keep going,” she told attendees.
‘Pretty and Proud'
Her next classroom project consisted of having the students research famous LGBTQ Canadians and the contributions they've made.
One such person the class focused on was ‘Jenna' Talackova, a biological male who in 2012 successfully campaigned to participate in the Miss Universe Canada contest. Talackova, who underwent “gender reassignment” surgery at the age of 19, was originally barred from the contest because of a rule requiring the contestant to be a “naturally born woman.”
A poster-board display created by the students titled “Pretty and Proud” showing photos and magazine clippings of Talackova falsely claims he “won the pagent [sic]” when in fact he was one of the final 12 contestants.
Gunn said the students learned from the lesson that “you really need to stand up when things are wrong. You need to have a voice.”
‘Does it matter if someone's LGBTQ?'
Gunn related how on another occasion, she wrote on the board, “Does it matter if someone's LGBTQ?” asking her students to write their answer on a sticky note, which, when collected, were sorted into ‘Yes' and ‘No.'
She told workshop attendees that the children's answers showed the fruit of her work. “You've got to remember, these are grade 4-5 students and some of them really get it,” she said.
One student wrote, “No, it should not matter who you love, what gender you are, your race or sex, or what you look like.”
Another wrote: “I think it doesn't matter if someone is LGBTQ, because they are just like us.”
Related: Lesbian teacher: How I convince kids to accept gay ‘marriage', starting at 4-years-old
“And that's what we're after,” Gunn said. “We are the same.”
Gunn related how she then used math to examine the rates of discrimination against people who identify as gay or lesbian from a chart put out by the homosexual organization Egale.
“What I had students do in groups is taken a look at one of the graphs, and tell the class the story that the graph tells. What's happening in our schools right now that makes it still matter if someone is LGBTQ,” she told attendees.
One group of students went on to examine a graph of those “feeling upset by homophobic comments” compared to those who do not.
“My one group was really upset by people not being upset,” Gunn related. “They were saying, ‘The fact that only 5.6% of non-LGBT kids care when they hear these things, that upsets me.' One of my boys put up his hand and said, ‘I'm one of those people, and I'm extremely upset.'”
Gunn related how after one pro-LGBT lesson she asked her students what they were going to do to make a difference. On top of deciding to be “kind” to LGBTQ people, the students decided to run a fundraiser selling Pride Dolls to raise money for Russia's LGBT community by supporting the Gay and Lesbian International Sport Association (GLISA). Gunn praised the dolls to attendees as an asset to the classroom, saying how students loved to play with them. “They're nesting dolls. The kids love taking them apart and playing with them,” she said.
One conference attendee asked Gunn what to do about parents who do not support the LGBTQ movement, mentioning how parents once told her not to involve their child in the pro-homosexual ‘Day of Pink.'
Gunn mocked the parents for failing to realize just how extensive are pro-LGBTQ issues in the classroom and curriculum.
“And it's not one day a year,” she said. “If you don't want to send your kid to school on the Day of Pink, that's OK. But they're going to get it all the days before. They would have got it in September, and they're going to get it after. So, one day? We're not about one day.”
Gunn's workshop partner Hiren Mistry, Instructional Coordinator for Equity & Inclusive Education in the Peel District School Board, put it this way: “Equity is not an add-on, it is the foundation of everything.”
Caleb Porter tried on Wednesday night. He tried hard.
For eight-and-a-half minutes of his ten-minute press conference Porter qualified every bit of praise. He found every nit that there was to pick. He insisted that he still wanted more out of his team — more fitness, more goalscoring, more sharpness on the ball, more defensive discipline.
But at last he gave in.
Three-and-a-half weeks in, we look pretty damn good. We look pretty damn good. We look as good as we've ever looked. You know, and so that's exciting.
Now, the lapse wasn't permanent. Porter quickly followed up his momentary flirtation with excitement with a “but,” but his act was up. Caleb Porter is excited about the 2017 Timbers.
And it's time that you are, too.
It was impressive stuff on Wednesday night, especially in the first half. The Timbers pressed the Whitecaps when Portland lost the ball, built spider webs around a helpless Vancouver midfield, and broke Carl Robinson's team wide open in the box.
When playing with 11 men in this week's tournament, the Timbers bludgeoned their opponents. Plain and simple.
Which isn't to say Porter's qualifications, nits, and criticisms aren't valid. They are. The Timbers will need to be better than they were on Wednesday if they want to fulfill their potential this season. For every bit of excitement there is in the attack, there is a question in defense. And although the Timbers look like they could be a handful at Providence Park — as good attacking teams tend to be — questions about their ability to deliver on the road linger from 2016.
But it's becoming clear the ceiling on the Timbers' potential in 2017 might be pretty high. And so even if the focus needs to remain on the qualifications, nits, and criticisms, it's okay — like Porter — to let yourself think about what could be for this Timbers team in 2017.
Spotlight on...
The fullbacks.
Have you noticed anything peculiar about the Timbers' last three goals? Like, how maybe they were pretty similar?
There was a lot of excitement on Sunday evening when Sebastian Blanco freed up Alvas Powell on the byline, who found Fanendo Adi for the tying goal late in the game against Minnesota United.
Flip the field on Wednesday, and the Timbers put in a nearly mirror-image goal on the end of a 15-pass sequence as Vytas took a feed from Darlington Nagbe and found Diego Valeri in the box for a nice headed finish.
And then just two minutes later — as if the Whitecaps challenged the Timbers to prove they could do it again — Portland broke down Vancouver in the same way.
Three goals: Winger to fullback to the target in the box. Rinse. Repeat.
The question arose frequently over the winter during the Timbers' pursuit of Blanco: With two wingers who like to float into the middle, where is the width going to come from?
I think you have your answer.
The design in the Timbers' attack is relatively simple: With Adi, the Timbers have a nine who can create imbalance and occupy both centerbacks. In Valeri, the Timbers have a ten who can score like a second forward, but can also create as well as any playmaker in MLS with the freedom to fill holes in the defense wherever they pop up. In Nagbe and Blanco the Timbers have two wingers who can run at fullbacks and force defensive-midfield rotations. And in both Vytas and Powell the Timbers have fullbacks who are willing to take the space in the final third that the wingers create and feed the ball into the box.
In addition, because the Timbers now have a defensive-midfield pairing that has demonstrated an uncanny relationship just three weeks into their partnership, Caleb Porter can feel comfortable pushing his outside backs in the final stage of the attack without creating an undue risk of defensive imbalance.
If the Timbers didn't have those fullbacks, they would run exactly the risk that many feared this offseason: Portland would become too narrow and the Timbers would get stuck in a quagmire. But if Vytas and Powell are producing like they have in their last two outings, the Timbers' opponents will face an impossible choice: Shut down the middle and let the fullbacks run free, or close down wide areas and open spaces for Nagbe, Valeri, Blanco, and Adi.
Neither Minnesota United nor Vancouver have cared much for either option.
Stat of the Game
2 — The number of shots that the Whitecaps registered on Wednesday. Yes, this is a repeat of the Stat of the Game against Real Salt Lake, but that's kind of the point. Yes, there are questions about the sturdiness of the Timbers' backline. But through three games of the Preseason Tournament for the starting unit, opponents have had trouble even getting after the backline, much less exploiting it. With the Timbers attack being as potent as it has been to date, opponents have had a hard time finding themselves in position to throw enough numbers into the attack to try to exploit the Timbers' underbelly. Although it very much remains to be seen whether this will work as well on the road, through the Preseason Tournament the Timbers attack effectively kept the pressure off the backline.
Finishing Bullets
Angry parents have complained after a primary school introduced unisex toilets in a bid to 'prevent transphobia'.
Pupils were shocked to discover they had to share the 'gender neutral' toilets at the start of the school year, sparking concerns from parents.
Many say their children do not want to use facilities split with the opposite sex and it makes them feel 'uncomfortable'.
Harbour Primary School in Newhaven, East Sussex, has defended the move, which it says is about 'preventing transphobia'.
There are around 500 pupils at the school for three to 11-year-olds.
One concerned mother said her seven-year-old does not feel 'comfortable' using the toilets.
She said: "I know of several parents who have raised complaints and they have now invited us to a meeting about transgender equality.
"This was just introduced from the start of term and no one told us before. There are seven-year-old girls using the same toilets as 11-year-old boys.
"My daughter has said she doesn't feel comfortable about it. Although we are all up for equality we feel this is not allowing our children to choose.
"A lot of our children don't want to use toilets of the opposite sex."
Headteacher Christine Terrey said the decision to include single sex toilets in their new building had been taken by East Sussex County Council.
She has invited parents to a meeting on 'transphobia', which will include a discussion about the toilets.
Mrs Terrey said: "The toilets are all in cubicles and they all lock. We just want all our children to be able to use the toilets.
"We no longer have urinals because they were quite unpopular with the boys."
And a letter to parents said: "We want all the children in our school to feel safe and be happy.
"We also want our families to feel informed about how to effectively support transgender and gender questioning by their children, preventing any transphobia at the school."
East Sussex County Council said it chose to install unisex toilets because they are better for 'hygiene, maintenance and pupil behaviour'.
A spokesman said: "As part of the rebuilding work a decision was taken to install toilets which could be used by boys or girls, with lockable cubicles.
"Unisex toilet blocks are considered preferable in terms of hygiene, maintenance and pupil behaviour.
"We feel this kind of toilet block, which complies with all national guidelines, is an appropriate solution for children of primary school age.
"We are not aware of any cases of children being reluctant to use the new toilets.
"On the contrary, the feedback we have received from the vast majority of parents, children and staff has been overwhelmingly positive.
"As an authority we feel it's important to provide a safe, welcoming environment in our schools for all pupils."
One father, who asked to remain anonymous, said: "I am disappointed that we were not consulted.
"I understand the rationale for doing it but I am disappointed with how the changes have happened."
Marcus Clark, 36, and Greta Clark, 33, said their two children do not mind sharing.
Mrs Clark, from Newhaven, East Sussex, said: "If it doesn't bother the kids, it doesn't bother us. For anyone below 11, it isn't an issue."
Mr Clark added: "I think it's more than reasonable for kids to share. It's change isn't it? Some people don't like it but we are OK with it."
RENTON, WASH. - The Seattle Sounders FC has signed Swedish midfielder Erik Friberg, it was announced today. Friberg, 24, played the past four seasons for BK Häcken.
Friberg's signing will be finalized upon receipt of his P-1 visa and International Clearance. Per Major League Soccer and club policy, terms were not disclosed.
Playing in the middle and sometimes the left side, Friberg was instrumental in winning the ball and setting-up attacks for Häcken. He also scored five times in 94 appearances for the Göteborg club. Friberg (pronounced FREE-burg) first signed as a professional at age 16 with Västra Frölunda IF.
In 2010 Häcken finished eighth in the Allsvenskan, the Swedish first division, after taking fifth the previous season. In 2008, Friberg's first season as a starter, Häcken earned promotion after finishing second in Sweden's second tier, the Superettan.
"This is very exciting, to be coming to Seattle and playing for Sounders," said Friberg. "I want to help the club win as many matches as possible. I work hard, I like to play and my desire to win is plain to see in every match."
"Erik is a player who brings an honest work rate and flair to our midfield," said Sounders FC Head Coach Sigi Schmid. "He has a nonstop engine and is versatile with the ability to play in the middle of the park or wide on occasion. His passing will help diversify our attack in 2011."
Said Friberg: "I heard during the summer that they were looking at me, and immediately I let it be known that I want to play there, in Seattle. Everyone I speak with says it's a great city, and the fans are the best in the U.S. I believe it's going to be a very, very good year."
"Erik is a tactically smart midfielder and very versatile," said Chris Henderson Sounders FC technical director. "He has good technique and a good soccer brain. We expect him to contribute and compete for a position centrally or wide."
Friberg made his senior team debut in 2005 with Västra Frölunda at age 19. His contract was purchased in 2007 by Häcken, where his father, Peter Friberg, had also played as a professional.
Transaction: Seattle Sounders (MLS) - Signed MF Erik Friberg
Position: Midfielder
Height: 5-11
Weight: 154
Birthdate: 2/10/1986
Birthplace: Lindome, Sweden
Hometown: Göteborg, Sweden
Citizenship: Sweden
Pronunciation: FREE-burg
Last Club: BK Häcken (2007-2010)
Previous Clubs: Västra Frölunda IF (2005-2006)
Erik Friberg Career Statistics
Season GP/GS (Goals)
2005 Västra Frölunda IF 25/24 (2)
2006 Västra Frölunda IF 7/7 (1)
2007 BK Häcken 14/4 (0)
2008 BK Häcken 25/21 (2)
2009 BK Häcken 28/24 (3)
2010 BK Häcken 27/19 (0)
Totals 126/99 (8)
This is baby-sitting — Anthony Weiner-style.
While his wife, Huma Abedin, travels the country campaigning for Hillary Clinton, the disgraced ex-congressman has been sexting with a busty brunette out West — and even sent her a lurid crotch shot with his toddler son in the picture, The Post has learned.
The stay-at-home cad shot the revealing photo while discussing massage parlors “near my old apartment” shortly after 3 a.m. on July 31, 2015, a screenshot of the exchange shows.
Weiner was clearly aroused by his conversation with the 40-something divorcee when he abruptly changed the subject.
“Someone just climbed into my bed,” Weiner wrote.
“Really?” she responded.
Weiner then hit “Send” on the cringe-inducing image, which shows a bulge in his white, Jockey-brand boxer briefs and his son cuddled up to his left, wrapped in a light-green blanket.
“You do realize you can see you[r] Weiner in that pic??” the woman wrote.
Moments after forwarding the photo, Weiner freaked out over the possibility he had accidentally posted it publicly — just as he did during the infamous episode that forced him to resign from Congress in 2011.
“Ooooooh . . . I was scared. For half a second I thought I posted something. Stop looking at my crotch,” Weiner wrote back.
“Whatever. You did it on purpose,” she replied.
“O I see you thought you posted on your TL [public timeline] not DM [direct message]. S–t happens be careful,” she added.
The object of Weiner's affections is his polar opposite politically: a self-avowed supporter of Donald Trump and the National Rifle Association who's used Twitter to bash both President Obama and Clinton.
Screenshots show the electronic chats began in late January 2015 and continued through earlier this month, according to the woman, who spoke to The Post on condition of anonymity.
And while Weiner repeatedly invited her to visit him in New York City, she said, “We never met.”
Asked for comment, Weiner admitted he and the woman “have been friends for some time.”
“She has asked me not to comment except to say that our conversations were private, often included pictures of her nieces and nephews and my son and were always appropriate,” he said.
But the picture featuring his son was one of more than a dozen selfies sent to the woman by Weiner, 51 — and most show him posing shirtless to flaunt his well-toned physique.
One is even a near-replica of the crotch shot that first turned him into a national laughingstock — except he was wearing white boxer briefs instead of gray ones.
Weiner wrote, “My mood . . .” before sending the overtly sexual photo on June 14, 2015, prompting the woman to respond, “O goodness.”
Many of Weiner's messages show him bragging about his manhood and shamelessly lusting after the woman.
The latest online dalliance developed when Weiner began exchanging direct messages with her via Twitter following an online clash with a second woman, according to the gal.
As their conversation progressed, she mentioned having “over 30 nieces and nephews,” at which point Weiner responded by asking: “Wow. Got your own? (Weiner sees opening to ask about [your] status).”
When she tried to end the conversation by saying “it's time for bed,” Weiner wrote back: “Sleeping alone? Asking for a friend?” before adding, “That was a fib.”
Weiner frequently steered the conversation toward sex, as many of their discussions initially involved such mundane topics as their respective workout regimens.
“I am always, uh, raging after the gym,” he wrote in one of several apparent references to his genitalia.
Another time, he wrote about how “Id [sic] put someone's eye out with this thing. #Overdue.”
When the woman sent Weiner a selfie that showed her in a cleavage-baring, red lace dress, Weiner's response was “Holy f–kity f- -k,” while another shot of her standing next to a woman at the same event prompted him to write: “Conjured some high school fantasies.”
At one point, she sent him a shot of herself wearing a pair of black tights with a rip in the rear, near the midline, along with the message, “Buns of steel.”
“I'll need a bigger hole,” Weiner responded, adding a smiling emoji with its tongue sticking out.
The sext fiend also admitted to fantasizing about her, saying “guess who visited me in a dream last night/this morning . . . uh, you. obv.”
In another message, he blamed her for keeping him awake the previous night. “I did not sleep well . . . Horny as f–k,” he wrote.
When she suggested it was a “disease,” he wrote back: “You are a carrier.”
He even confessed to masturbating while thinking about her, calling her “literally a fantasy chick.”
“And I mean literally. So now you know how I got to sleep last night,” he wrote, adding a purple demon emoji.
After she sent him a cartoon image of a pump bottle of hand lotion and a box of tissues, he responded with a graphic, homemade text-and-emoji image of an ejaculating penis.
“OK…..Enough of that!! she wrote.
“Yeah. I taxed myself too much on that one. So anyway, what are you wearing,” he wrote back, adding a winking, tongue-out emoji.
Following his first sexting scandal, Weiner claimed to have undergone therapy, having sat down with Abedin for a 2012 People magazine interview in which he said he was happy as a stay-at-home dad. “The only next dramatic steps I'm planning on are Jordan's first,” he said, in reference to their then-6-month-old son.
His purported rehabilitation led to an improbable lead in the polls for New York mayor in 2013 — until his candidacy collapsed amid revelations that he continued sexting behind the “Carlos Danger” pseudonym.
The latest object of Weiner's sexting obsession is a woman with two grown children who lives with a boyfriend. She told Weiner that her significant other traveled for work and was only “in town about 10 days a month.”
At one point in their conversation, Weiner offered to take the object of his lust to one of the restaurants co-owned by his younger brother, Jason.
“Lets get together. I'm a big wheel in this town,” Weiner wrote.
Day two of my workouts and iron supplements…
My workout was both easier and harder today; it was easy because I knew what was coming, but it was hard because I went full retard and WENT FOR A RUN LAST NIGHT. Honestly, what's gotten in to me? I was just sitting watching Supernatural (no spoilers, please), then all of a sudden I had this urge to go for a walk. So I dropped in on my friends and stole their fatty dog, so we could go for a fat run together. Even though it felt like my heart was going to give out and my lungs were on the verge of collapsing, I felt pretty freakin' awesome afterwards, AND a couple of creepy older men looked me up and down (still got it).
Then today happened and I could feel all of myself yelling abuse at me in between muscle aches. Soooo I did what any sane person would do and did my day two workouts. I felt good, my arms and legs did not feel good, but that just means I'm doing shit properly.
Took my iron supplement and left the house because leaving the house is a big thing for someone with anxiety and depression problems. Had an iced coffee, and not very much water… this was probably my downfall. Went to a friend's house to chillax.
And then it happened…
I nearly had to rip my friend off of the toilet so I could sit down. My stomach felt like it was about to burst so I assumed the position… fuck. you. constipation. It hurt so bad, I was literally sweating out of every pore on my body (the fact that it was 28 degrees didn't help much), it felt as though my very being been being forced down into my colon, but I didn't want to make too much noise and alarm my friend… also I thought I was going to faint [cue friend being yelled at to bring me water]. While I was sitting there, with only a couple of wee nuggets in the bowl as a consolation prize, my mind did this cool thing that it does when my anxiety plays up:
What if I get all this hell water out of me, and I do end up collapsing from exhaustion and strain (I wasn't straining, I know it's bad). What if she has to come to my aid and drive me to the hospital covered in black diarrhoea? (Iron shits are black, don't be alarmed)
In the midst of my shit and constipation-induced delirium, the floodgates finally gave way and I was both relieved and still in a large amount of shitty pain, but mostly relieved. I don't know whether you are aware of iron-shits, but they are THE WORST; they smell like satan's salty buttcrack, and they feel a lot like that, too. I liken this particular episode to the resulting explosion from filling a spud gun with water and then loading it up with a potato.
I finally emerge, a couple of pounds lighter, still drenched in constipation sweat (there was an actual puddle where my feet were), and lie down in the middle of her lounge to take a breather. Friend told me she totally would've cleaned me up the best she could before taking me to A&E ♥
It's over now, I am not looking forward to tomorrow's show.
Advertisements
Linode reckons its long outage has come to an end, although its most-current message says there may be “intermittent” issues for users, mostly of its Atlanta facility.
At the time of writing, the status of all services was listed as “operational”, except for Atlanta which still shows as “partial outage”.
The company has been the target of a heavy and sustained denial-of-service (DoS) attack that began on Christmas Day.
Under criticism for its initial silence about the issue, on New Year's Eve the company offered this extensive post from a network engineer, Alex Forster. In it, Forster details just how many of the company's systems were under attack. There were:
High-volume attacks on its DNS infrastructure;
The same against “all of our public-facing Websites”, knocking out Linode Manager;
“400 bad request” attacks on the same Websites, again hitting Linode Manager;
DoS against Linode's colocation provider “overwhelming the router control planes and causing significant congestion/packet loss”;
The same against Linode's own network infrastructure.
At the time of the post, Forster wrote, there had been 30 “significant” attacks, and each time the company closed a vector, the attackers switched vectors.
Promising a detailed technical explanation once the attacks stop, Forster says: “We would like to apologize for the lack of detail in some of our recent status-page updates. Please know that we are dedicating all resources from multiple departments to stopping these attacks.”
As Linode's status page states, the company has had to send many regions in the world to /dev/null (so to speak) to keep its systems alive:
“For the short term, we will be using BGP communities to attempt to block Asia Pacific, the Middle East, South America, and others, hopefully leaving us only with traffic from North America and Western Europe. Blocking geographic regions this way is the only way to make sure that large botnets won't be able to launch further attacks.”
With Atlanta more-or-less sorted, there was another brief attack on its DNS, from 21:01 UTC on January 3 to just after midnight. ®
US officials have been desperate to stifle reports of a massive hunger strike among detainees at Guantanamo Bay, and the latest tactic, having failed in their attempts to simply deny it, is to punish the strikers.
An emergency motion has been filed in a DC court by lawyers for the detainees, claiming that the military is now denying the detainees clean drinking water to punish them for refusing to eat provided meals.
The military has so far refused to respond to the motion, but insists that the claims of insufficient water are untrue. The motion warns some detainees are already experiencing kidney problems from lack of water.
Over 100 detainees are believed to be on strike. The military initially insisted it was only nine, but is now conceding to 31 “official” strikers. They argue that many of the others are secretly eating snacks when no one is looking and aren't recognized strikers.
Even if the allegations of denying water as a form of punishment are confirmed, it isn't clear that the US court system can force the military to do anything to stop it, since Guantanamo is mostly run extra-legally in the first place, and the Obama Administration has followed the Bush Administration in claiming that anything that happens there is outside of the courts' jurisdiction.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
An event in the Fox Valley this weekend aims to bring equality and awareness to the LGBT community in Wisconsin.
16-year-old Connor Tenor, a junior at Kimberly High School, is the brains behind the event.
"We're just trying to spread awareness and try to send a message to people that we're not going to back down," Tenor says. "We're not going to sit back and watch as our rights are being taken away."
For a little more than a year, Connor's been "out" as transgender. Some days are easier than others.
"I've gotten a lot of positive responses," Tenor says. "But there's also been negative talk around school and stuff. But I'm trying not to let it get to me."
Connor's lucky; he's got a strong support system at home.
"I'm so amazed," says Sarah Catalano, Connor's mom. "I can't even believe that one 16-year-old child could do all of this, and get so many people together for such a controversial topic in today's society."
Connor says the goal of Saturday's event is to bring awareness and show solidarity.
"It feels like I'm not alone anymore," says Elijah Mosher, who drove two hours to attend the event. "[For] a long time I was alone in it. And I didn't know what to do. I didn't know what to say, I didn't know what to identify as. So it felt great."
"I look forward to a future where this sort of thing is taken for granted," says Appleton Alderperson Vered Meltzer. "Where this sort of thing isn't interesting, where people of many different genders ... that's no more interesting than hair color."
Starz should be pulling out all the stops for ‘Ash vs Evil Dead,' as I cannot think of another TV show with such a cult-following, based on a movie, with the star of the original movie crossing over onto television, with such fantastic producers behind it. With Sam Raimi (‘Spider-Man' Trilogy), Ivan Raimi (‘Drag Me to Hell'), Rob Tapert (‘Evil Dead), Bruce Campbell (‘Burn Notice') and Craig DiGregorio (‘Chuck‘) serving as producers, with most also writing for the pilot, and Campbell coming back to star as the titular character, there is a powerhouse of creative genius behind the resurrection of this franchise, and what makes it even better is that many of the returning producers and writers worked on the original ‘Evil Dead' franchise, which means the show will have the same irreverence, humor, and tone as the movies that came before.
Check out the new trailer released by Starz below, which sets up the story for the first season, which is slated to run for 10 episodes. The plot seems to be that after 30 years of hiding from his destiny and refusing to take responsibility for his life, Ash is once again confronted by the Evil Dead. He is joined by Lucy Lawless playing a character named Ruby, who believes Ash is the cause of the outbreaks of Evil, Ray Santiago as Pablo Simon Bolivar, an immigrant who becomes Ash's new sidekick, Dana DeLorenzo playing Kelly Maxwell, a social outcast running from her past, and Jill Marie Jones as Amanda Fisher, who is trying to prove Ash is responsible for the grisly murder of her partner from her Michigan State Trooper days.
The trailer has lots of blood, humor, chainsaw action, and Evil Dead, and perfectly sets up the show. Will you be watching Bruce Campbell return to the role that made him famous and fight the Evil Dead once more? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below!
When people mistake photographs of your physical prototypes for computer renderings, you know you've achieved something amazing. That's exactly what happened when Michael Hansmeyer showed off his “computational architecture” column , created by iterating a subdivision algorithm over and over again and then fabricating it out of cardboard.
Hansmeyer's column stands nine feet tall, weighs about 2000 pounds, and is made out of 2700 1mm-thin slices of cardboard stacked on top of wooden cores. It contains somewhere between 8 and 16 million polygonal faces — too complex for even a 3D printer to handle, according to Hansmeyer. “Every 3D printing facility we spoke to turned us down,” he tells Co.Design. “Typically those machines can't process more than 500,000 faces — the computer memory required to process the data grows nonlinearly, and it also gets tripped up on the self-intersecting faces of the column.”
But Hansmeyer's prototype is very real — in fact, it can even support weight, and the designer wants to experiment with more robust materials so that he can actually start building real structures with his “computational” architectural forms. So how did Hansmeyer actually get this thing out of his computer and into the real world? Take a look at this slideshow to find out.
WHEN the American government announced the names of the Russians and Ukrainians who would have their American assets frozen, officials said that these were the toughest sanctions aimed at Russia since the end of the Cold War. The response from those on the list suggested otherwise. "I don't have accounts abroad," said Vladislav Surkov, one of the architects of Russia's pretend democracy. "The only things that interest me in the U.S. are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsburg and Jackson Pollock." The response from American politicians singled out by Russia was equally playful. "I guess this means my Spring Break in Siberia is off," said John McCain, a senator. For Mary Landrieu, a Democratic senator facing a tough race for re-election in Louisiana, a place on Vladimir Putin's blacklist must seem like a blessing. Given that their targets seem so delighted, do these sanctions actually matter?
Compared with the restrained, euphemistic language in which diplomats usually deal, the sanctions announced by America and Europe against individuals for their part in swallowing Crimea are strikingly direct and personal. Very different American presidents have tried similar approaches to deal with Russia. George W. Bush looked Mr Putin in the eye and got a sense of his soul; Barack Obama tried to reset relations between the two countries. American and European governments have preferred to avoid confrontation with Mr Putin wherever possible. Sanctions were not imposed after the murder in London of Alexander Litvinenko, a former KGB agent, nor in response to Russia's war with Georgia in 2008. So far the measures announced are nowhere near as forceful as the sanctions placed on Iran, which have helped cripple that country's economy. But taking the same approach with Russia would be difficult: its economy is not as isolated as Iran's. Greed and fear play a part too.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The measures announced by Russia's government will have little practical effect, but the European and American sanctions are more meaningful. America's Treasury department notes that even those people who do not have any assets in America to freeze often find it difficult to obtain financial services elsewhere. They will, for example, be unable to carry out any transactions using dollars. Western banks, mindful of recent government probes of HSBC and Standard Chartered for breaking similar embargoes, will not want to go near them. For many of the Russians and Ukrainians named this will matter little. For others, such as Gennady Timchenko, the boss of an oil-trading firm called Gunvor that, according to the Treasury department, has links to the Kremlin, the sanctions are likely to hurt.
None of this is likely to change Russia's behaviour in Ukraine. That does not mean the sanctions are insignificant. The imposition of visa bans, asset freezes and so on felt like a throwback to an earlier era when arguments between the Soviet Union and the West would result in the ritual expulsion of diplomats from embassies. It marks a low in post-Soviet relations relations between Russia and the West; the moment when the hope that Mr Putin's Russia could be a useful ally died. Yet the sanctions may also offer some comfort to those Russians who are fed up with Western governments talking about the importance of democracy while welcoming oligarchs who exploited its absence to enrich themselves.
Dig deeper:
London has more to lose than most when it comes to scaring off oligarchs (March 2014)
We report on the Kremlin's favourite oil trader (May 2012)
The rapid rise of "virtual workers" — Canadians who do contract work online — threatens to lower wages and undermine social benefits such as employment insurance, minimum wage and maternity leave.
That's the stark message in a new federal study whose conclusions raise questions about whether improvements in traditional workplace programs and protections, created in a previous era, will help a young generation that more frequently takes digital jobs on contract.
"A growing online marketplace for work could make self-employment the dominant form of work in Canada, potentially leaving large numbers of Canadians with uncertain job security," says the report by Policy Horizons Canada.
"The unbundling of work and its migration to virtual space could…increase vulnerability among Canadians, contributing to the growing rise of the 'precariat.'"
Armine Yalnizyan, senior economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, says more young workers are doing temporary work that may exclude them from workplace-based social benefits, such as EI. (CBC)
The study suggests that by 2030, most Canadians will get some of their income through "virtual work," that is, short-term contract jobs performed online. And in the borderless online world, Canadian workers would be in tough competition with low-wage countries.
"The descent to the bottom has started as workers around the world compete to offer the lowest bid to win online work," says the report by the little-known federal think-tank.
"Lower wages and difficulties in taxing virtual work bring about underfunded social programs in some countries."
Called 'shock troops'
Ottawa and the provinces seal a deal Friday on an improved Canada Pension Plan that will deliver more money at retirement, partly to compensate for the gradual disappearance of private-sector pension plans as firms trim their costs.
An improved CPP would most benefit a young generation of workers who pay the new, higher premiums for decades. But "virtual workers" are contractors, often with unstable incomes, who must pay both the employer and employee cost of their CPP premiums rather than split them with employers.
Nor are they protected by minimum wage and other labour laws and they can access only limited employment insurance programs such as maternity leave and paternity leave and compassionate care benefits if they voluntarily choose to pay premiums.
Labour economist Armine Yalnizyan says temporary work is more common among workers age 15 to 24 – involving one in three young workers in 2015, versus one in four in 1997 — when data was first collected.
"Right now it looks like they are the shock troops of a new development, which is moving toward more temporary employment," she said in an interview.
"The trend toward more temporary work is pretty solid. And we know that temporary workers get paid at a fraction of what permanent workers do."
Transnational collaboration may be needed to avoid a global race to the bottom ... - Policy Horizons Canada's May 2016 report
Yalnizyan says it's not yet clear whether that trend will continue through to the retirement of Canada's youngest generation of workers. But she says free-trade deals that enable companies to tap the global labour market may continue to undermine the job security of Canadian workers.
The Policy Horizons study says workplace benefits — such as employment insurance, a program created in an era of widely available full-time work — may have to be redesigned.
"Access to social programs may need to be separated from employment status as full-time employment ceases to be the norm," it concludes, suggesting a minimum-income scheme may be a solution.
Popular hub for virtual workers
"Although it would take some working out, including the funding mechanism, a minimum income could also help reduce the impact of technological unemployment on further exacerbating inequality."
The CEO of an Edmonton-based virtual-work company, David Schwede of Canadian Virtual Gurus, says his business has quadrupled since January as more firms seek labour savings.
Schwede's company has a pool of about 1,000 virtual workers who receive a minimum of $17 hour, but does not pay half their CPP premiums or any employment insurance premiums because they are independent contractors.
The payroll savings are attractive to businesses coping with uncertain times, and Canada's low dollar has helped to attract customers from Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States, he says.
"We're a very popular hub for workers. We speak English, we're all relatively well educated," Schwede says.
The company offers web design, bookkeeping, social-media marketing and other services that can be provided through the Internet, and so far is holding its own against low-wage competitors in the Philippines and elsewhere.
Edmonton-based Canadian Virtual Gurus says business demand for virtual workers has quadrupled since January this year. (canadianvirtualgurus.com )
Horizons Canada cites reports estimating the virtual workforce at 112 million people globally in 2015, with revenue at $4.8 billion US. The market is growing by about a third each year.
"Virtual work could lead to a worldwide convergence of wages for similar tasks, potentially lowering Canadian wages over time," it concludes.
"Transnational collaboration may be needed to avoid a global race to the bottom and to develop effective social policy instruments in the virtual international workplace."
Follow @DeanBeeby on Twitter
The phrases being thrown around by conservative legislators and organizations aren't medical terms. They're intentionally deceptive bits of propaganda, and they create an anti-choice political frame for conversations about abortion care that are not rooted in sound science and medicine.
The phrases being thrown around by conservative legislators and organizations aren't medical terms. They're intentionally deceptive bits of propaganda, and they create an anti-choice political frame for conversations about abortion care that are not rooted in sound science and medicine.
monticello / Shutterstock
See more of our coverage on the misleading Center for Medical Progress video here.
After the release of a deliberately misleading cut of a video targeting Planned Parenthood for its policies regarding fetal tissue donation, the Texas Attorney General said his office is investigating Planned Parenthood for the “sale of baby body parts.” A number of other states, as well as federal lawmakers, have pledged to do the same thing for these “babies.” The Pro-Life Students Association told its members that Planned Parenthood was selling “the body parts of aborted babies.” A Personhood USA email talked about “preborn human beings.”
These aren't medical terms. They're intentionally deceptive bits of propaganda, and they create an anti-choice political frame for conversations about abortion care that are not rooted in sound science and medicine.
But oftentimes, even people who care deeply about reproductive rights aren't sure how to talk about abortion in the most accurate way. Rewire talked to OB-GYNs and abortion providers—you know, actual doctors!—to compile a list of phrases and terms you'll often hear during conversations about abortion care, their definitions, and their scientifically correct usage…if, in fact, there is a scientifically correct usage.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Last menstrual period, LMP: For accuracy's sake, doctors generally measure pregnancies in weeks, rather than months, and LMP is the measure by which the vast majority of medical professionals calculate the weekly development of an embryo or fetus. It is calculated from the first day of the pregnant person's last menstrual period. In the first trimester, many doctors use both LMP and an ultrasound to date a pregnancy. However, ultrasounds become less reliable for dating purposes as a pregnancy develops, said one doctor, “because of variations in fetal growth rates as well as margin of error of the technology.” So LMP gives doctors a good overall idea of the length of the pregnancy, and ultrasounds help them monitor fetal development.
Fertilization: The process during which an egg cell (“oocyte,” the thing that ovaries produce) unites with sperm (the thing that testicles produce), to create a zygote, the earliest stage of reproductive development.
Conception: A “metaphysical” term rather than a medical term, which “centers the zygote as a being,” according to an abortion provider who talked to Rewire.
Beginning of Pregnancy: When a fertilized egg successfully implants in the uterine wall. (Or, in cases of ectopic pregnancies, which are unsustainable and life-threatening to the pregnant person, when the fertilized egg implants elsewhere.)
Gestational age: This is a deliberately misleading term (sometimes called “post-fertilization age) that is not widely accepted in scientific use and misapplies the concept of “age” to an embryo or fetus in order to imbue it with the kind of “age” we might think of a child, teenager, or grown adult having. Doctors and other medical professionals, when discussing pregnancy, are not concerned with “age” but with the duration of a pregnancy (in weeks) and the development of that pregnancy. It is generally not possible to reliably pin down the moment of fertilization, so doctors don't try—they stick with LMP and ultrasounds.
Embryo: The stage of development, in humans, up to nine weeks' LMP.
Fetus: The stage of development from 10 weeks after LMP until birth.
Products of conception: A medical term to describe the embryonic or fetal contents of a uterus and attendant tissues. “Products of conception isn't a euphemism,” one abortion provider told Rewire. “It's an actual proper term [which] encompasses fetus, umbilical cord, membranes, placenta, etc.” If products of conception are present in a uterus, it signals that a pregnancy is not ectopic, wherein a fertilized egg implants somewhere other than a uterus.
Medical, or medication, abortion: An abortion using pharmaceuticals. Most medical abortions are prescribed using a combination of mifepristone (also called Mifeprex or RU-486), which blocks the hormone progesterone (which a body needs in order to continue a pregnancy) and misoprostol (also called Cytotec), which induces contractions.
Emergency contraception: Also known as the “morning-after pill,” it is not the same thing, repeat, NOT the same thing, as a medical abortion. This medication, which can be taken up to a few days after unprotected sex—with certain limitations depending on pharmaceutical content and patient characteristics—prevents, delays, or blocks ovulation, preventing fertilization (without which there can be no fertilized egg and no pregnancy).
Dilation and curettage (D and C): Falls under the category of “surgical abortion,” is also known as an “aspiration” abortion, and is done up to about 13 weeks' LMP. It's a medical procedure which requires less dilation than a D and E—”It's always safer not to enter the uterus with forceps if you don't need to,” said one provider we spoke to—and uses a suction method to remove products of conception. Why curettage, then? Because older providers were trained to do a sharp curettage, or scraping, after suction, but abortion providers who have been trained more recently tend not to do so. The “c” part of “D and C” stays in because the suction cannula is sometimes called a “suction curette.”
Dilation and evacuation (D and E): Falls under the category of “surgical abortion.” It's a medical procedure which involves dilating the cervix (think 1.5 to 2.5 centimeters, as opposed to the 10 centimeters required for a full-term delivery) and a doctor entering the uterus with forceps, usually after about 14 weeks' LMP depending on fetal development. Forceps are needed to grasp and remove the products of conception. Before the D and E procedure was developed, pregnant people would've had to have labor inductions in a hospital setting to facilitate the removal of fetal tissue. D and E procedures, widely misunderstood by anti-choice lawmakers, are recent targets for unnecessarily intrusive legislation that puts pregnant people at risk and prevents doctors from performing the safest possible procedures.
Partial-birth abortion: Not a thing. Well, it's a string of words put together to make a phrase, so it's a thing in the sense that a phrase is a noun, but medically, it has no meaning whatsoever. According to one abortion provider, it's “not a distinction we make.” Instead, abortion providers are concerned with removing the products of conception safely. “A more intact removal, if you have adequate dilation, is safer for the patient,” said the provider, because the doctor makes fewer passes into the uterus. But it's not something doctors can or do plan for: “You don't deliberately set out to do an intact extraction, and sometimes you do one by accident.”
Induced abortion: When a pregnancy is ended using medication or surgical abortion care.
Self-induced abortion: When a pregnant person ends their pregnancy outside of a clinical setting.
Spontaneous abortion: A miscarriage.
Stillbirth: The spontaneous loss of a pregnancy (a miscarriage) that has developed past 20 weeks.
Viability: Many laypeople imagine the point of “viability” to mean the threshold at which a fetus is capable of surviving outside the uterus, but that threshold is different for every pregnancy, and greatly dependent on available medical care and existing technology. Generally speaking, medical professionals believe viability begins around 24 weeks' LMP, and they take into account the likelihood not only of survival, but of disability and quality of life, when weighing potential fetal viability.
Neonate: An infant younger than four weeks old.
Baby: Not a medical term, but nevertheless a word that obstetricians and gynecologists do sometimes use when talking with patients, depending on their patient's condition, situation, and personal preferences—not as an across-the-board replacement for “zygote,” “embryo,” or “fetus” in order to manipulate their patients' emotions. Dr. Leah N. Torres, a Utah-based OB-GYN with a focus and training in family planning and reproductive health, told Rewire, “I change my language depending on the patient I'm caring for and their individual situation.” For people who might be losing desired pregnancies, said Torres, “that fetus has a high school diploma and is getting married once the urine test is positive”—in other words, that's what some patients have imagined for the future—so she's comfortable using “baby.” For someone having an abortion, Torres said she might be more likely to use “pregnancy” or “fetus.” But overall, she said, she prefers “to use the catch-all term ‘pregnancy' which is medical and neutral and applies to all stages of the pregnancy.”
Person: A born human being who is not currently the occupant of a uterus and not therefore dependent on a human uterus for their continued development. I'll let Torres take the rest of this one: “A person is a social or philosophical construct that, if applied to fetuses, will necessarily revoke the personhood of the pregnant person due to the ‘power' imbalance and physical dependence of one upon the other. Miscarriage as involuntary manslaughter, if you will.”
World number 10 Alexander Zverev continued his fine form on grass by defeating unseeded American teenager Frances Tiafoe in the second round at the Wimbledon championships, prevailing 6-3 6-4 6-3 in 1 hour 33 minutes.
Zverev had been playing some inspired tennis during the grass court season, reaching the semifinals at s-Hertogenbosch where he lost to Gilles Muller 6-7(5) 2-6. He then went on to make the final at Halle, facing Roger Federer in a rematch of the 2016 semifinal. He was unable to repeat the previous year's upset however, as Federer easily claimed this encounter, 6-1 6-3. Nonetheless, Zverev has been really impressive and it's no secret that he is billed as a future world number 1.
Frances Tiafoe, at just 19 years of age; has vast potential and could be the future of American tennis. His booming serves, coupled with a huge forehand and superior athleticism make him a threat on any given day. Tiafoe, ranked 64th; is in fact the highest ranked teenager in the Top 100 and with the proper guidance he could be a prominent fixture in the ATP circuit.
Zverev had faced the American on one previous occasion, defeating him at the 2017 Australian Open second round; 6-2 6-3 6-4. With the 2017 Championships being his Wimbledon debut, Tiafoe defeated Dutchman Robin Haase 6-3 3-6 7-6(5) 7-5 in the first round. Conversely, Zverev disposed of unseeded Russian Evgeny Donskoy in straight sets in his first round match.
Zverev was the more aggressive player from the start, and his forays to the net soon paid off as Tiafoe was forced to hit a number of shots under pressure. The American was perhaps also overwhelmed by the occasion, and gifted the German the break in the third game. Zverev soon raced to a 5-2 lead, assisted by more errant shots from the young American. The world number 10 then claimed the first set 6-3 in 26 mins, employing his huge serve to ensure he was not troubled.
The outcome of this match was never in doubt after the first set, although the crowd attempted to energize Tiafoe anytime he had an opening. The young American could not live up to the task, as he was broken in the third game of the second set. He however did earn a break point with Zverev serving at 4-3, but another huge serve from the German crushed any hopes of a comeback. Additionally, Zverev employed the strategy of using a low slice to the Tiafoe backhand and occasionally, forehand. This resulted in the American committing more unforced errors or returning short balls; most of which were put away by Zverev. It was to no one's surprise that Zverev took the second set 6-4 in 34 minutes.
Tiafoe's inexperience and inconsistency was on full display; although he did hit some spectacular and well-placed forehand winners. His shot-making selection however, was nowhere near as precise as his more experienced opponent. He was broken in the third game of the final set, off another errant forehand. Zverev converted one more break point in the eighth game, before claiming the third set and match 6-3 6-4 6-3 in just over an hour and a half.
Zverev now faces the winner between American Jack Sock and unseeded Austrian Sebastian Ofner. Sock would undoubtedly be the more difficult challenge, but it's likely that the young German will prevail regardless of whom he faces in the third round.
Be sure to follow us on www.tennis-pulse.com for complete coverage of the Wimbledon Championships, including live point-by-point commentary and match recaps.
Following Obama's encouraging (if not entirely sufficient) commitment to cut carbon emissions in the US, China has announced that it too will combat its contributions to climate change with an absolute cap on carbon dioxide emissions.
Reuters reported that at a Beijing conference today, the chairman of China's Advisory Committee on Climate Change, He Jiankun, revealed targets that will be included in their next five-year plan. These included controls on CO2 emissions “by intensity” as well as an “absolute cap.”
An absolute cap is a pretty impressive sign that they're not messing around; set to come into play from 2016, it's the first time China will have had one. In an updated article, Michael Grubb, a climate professor at the University College London, said the announcement “marks potentially the most important turning point in the global scene on climate change for a decade.”
There's no word on what level of emissions this cap will be placed on—and coal emissions will still grow in China until 2030, according to He—but it's a promisingly decisive step by the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases. It's likely no coincidence that they announced this so soon after Obama's plans, and Adam Vaughan at the Guardian commented that the timing “appears deliberately chosen to show China will also take a leadership role on climate change.”
It's easy to vilify China's position in the global picture of climate change—they are the biggest producers of emissions, and it's impossible to ignore the kind of pollution that's visible to the eye—but the country is also making laudable efforts to tackle the issue, so much so that earlier this year, Christiana Figueres, the executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, told Bloomberg that China was an example of “doing it right.”
The country has previously played with the idea of carbon taxes, invested heavily in solar power, and made commitments alongside the US to reduce emissions of hydrofluorocarbons, which if you remember from high school science lessons are the particularly damaging, manmade greenhouse gases you find in fridges.
While the details need to be worked out before we celebrate too much, it's great to see commitments from both the US and China on the climate change issue, as they're undeniably the two key players in the debate and haven't historically always seen eye to eye on the matter. So as well as making steps for their individual countries, their actions will set an example for other countries to follow suit as talks ramp up in the lead-up to a new global climate treaty expected to be adopted next year.
Of course, China's strong line on emissions isn't just about being all eco-friendly (not that it makes much difference in terms of the effects). The smog in Chinese cities is notorious, and presents a real health threat and a drag on the country's economy. While there's invariably a lot of hubbub over futuristic solutions like smog-sucking drones or pollution-cleaning vacuum cleaners, the only real way to make a sustained impact is to address the cause of emissions in the first place, which in China largely comes down to a heavy reliance on coal.
So placing a cap on emissions, while less pleasing to sci-fi sensibilities, is a solid move.
NIH quietly shelves gun research program
Four years after then-President Barack Obama responded to the shooting deaths of 20 children and 6 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, by ordering U.S. health agencies to sponsor gun research, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) has let lapse a funding program specifically calling for research on firearm violence and how to prevent it, Science has learned. Renewal of the program, which has funded 14-firearm related projects for $11.4 million over the past 3 years, "is still under consideration" a NIH spokesperson said on 6 September, although the agency stopped accepting proposals in January and the last new awards are now being launched.
NIH told Science that scientists may still apply to do firearm research outside the program. Gun researchers say that's not enough, noting that thematic funding programs signal NIH priorities to scientists. They can also help tilt grant decisions toward those in the highlighted area over others that are equally good, but outside it. "It's really critically important to renew that program if we want more firearms research," says Rina Das Eiden, a developmental psychologist at the State University of New York in Buffalo.
Das Eiden and several collaborators won an award to study whether violence exposure and substance use raise the odds of gun violence in high-risk adolescents. "It would have been much harder for us to get funding for this research without that specific program announcement on firearm violence," she says.
The funding stream "was mission critical to bringing me into a new area," adds clinical psychologist Rinad Beidas of the University of Pennsylvania. Beidas won a grant to study how to implement gun safety counseling by pediatric primary care physicians to prevent youth suicide.
A prominent gun rights advocacy group says the program is redundant, however, and charges that it is driven by an antigun animus. "Private groups and foundations donate millions of dollars to fund firearm research every year," says Lars Dalseide, a spokesperson for the National Rifle Association's Institute for Legislative Action in Fairfax, Virginia. "When the government gets involved, and political agendas are allowed to supersede scientific analysis, the end product is nothing but a waste of tax-payer money."
Congress has long prohibited the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from using government money "to advocate or promote gun control," and in 2012 extended that restriction to other agencies in the Department of Health and Human Services. Obama argued, however, that research was not advocacy, and in response to his directive, NIH issued three funding opportunities for "Research on the Health Determinants and Consequences of Violence and its Prevention, Particularly Firearm Violence." The application window would close in January 2017, the agency noted.
A score of violence researchers and public health experts last November wrote to the agency's lead official on the firearm research initiative, George Koob, director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, urging him to renew the program. "Think how many hundreds or thousands of [NIH] program announcements revolve around heart disease or cancer," says Charles Branas of Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health, a longtime firearm researcher who signed the letter. "And they devoted one fleeting program announcement to this."
The $34 billion agency said last week that it is still evaluating the current program's outcomes and has no timeline for a decision on its renewal.
*Clarification: 21 November, 11:15 a.m.: This story has been changed to clarify that not all grants funded for $18 million under the research initiative specifically addressed firearm violence; some went to research on other kinds of violence. Specifically, 14 of the awards, accounting for $11.4 million of the $18 million, contain the words firearm, firearms, gun, guns, handgun, shootings or weapons in their title or abstract.
In the two-minute report issued Saturday by the NBA league office analyzing the final moments of the Wizards' 92-91, Game 6 victory, it was determined Washington benefited from an error that ran an extra second off the game clock. The Celtics were denied an extra second to run their final play and the situation was not reviewable.
The league routinely releases these reports for games that are within five points at the two-minute mark.
[The NBA playoff education of John Wall and Bradley Beal]
The play in question came when the Celtics inbounded the ball with 3.5 seconds remaining and the Wizards holding onto their one-point lead thanks to John Wall's late three-pointer. Kelly Oubre Jr. fouled Kelly Olynyk as the ball came to Olynyk underneath the basket, and the whistle blew with 2.7 seconds left — but the game clock didn't stop for another full second. The Wizards had a foul left to give, meaning the Celtics would have to inbound the ball again. Point guard Isaiah Thomas took the pass and was left to chuck up a prayer after the clock, reading 1.7 seconds, was started.
The NBA concluded that “the clock should have been stopped earlier automatically on the whistle or by the neutral clock operator. Instant replay is not permitted in this situation.”
The report also revealed that the Wizards had two missed calls go against them in the final minute Friday.
First, the league determined that Al Horford committed an offensive foul on Bradley Beal with 41.2 seconds remaining when setting up a screen for Avery Bradley's jumper, which put the Celtics up 89-87. The make should have been disallowed.
Second, the report says Horford should have been called for defensive three-seconds violation with 33 seconds remaining, a call that when made results in a technical foul and a free throw.
The Detwiler Fire that destroyed dozens of homes last month in a rural area of California near Yosemite National Park was caused by the discharge of firearms on public lands, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection investigators announced Friday.A $2,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible.The blaze, first reported on July 16 in Mariposa County, burned 81,826 acres and destroyed 131 structures, Cal Fire said.Anyone with information on the person or persons responsible for starting the fire is asked to contact Crime Stoppers Hotline at 559-498-7867.No other information was immediatley available.
The Detwiler Fire that destroyed dozens of homes last month in a rural area of California near Yosemite National Park was caused by the discharge of firearms on public lands, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection investigators announced Friday.
A $2,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible.
Advertisement
The blaze, first reported on July 16 in Mariposa County, burned 81,826 acres and destroyed 131 structures, Cal Fire said.
Gallery Stock Google Maps The Detwiler Fire forced evacuations for the entire town of Mariposa.
Anyone with information on the person or persons responsible for starting the fire is asked to contact Crime Stoppers Hotline at 559-498-7867.
No other information was immediatley available.
AlertMe
On Friday, 14 November 2014 at 08:50:19 UTC, Brian Schott wrote: > https:// github.com/ Hackerpilot/ DCD/releases/ tag/v0.4.0 > > The D Completion Daemon is an IDE-independent autocompletion tool for > D code. > > Changes from 0.3.2 to beta 1: > * #162 You can now ask the server for symbol location information > without a cursor location or a file being edited. > * #117 Import statement autocompletion now knows how to handle normal > imports, multiple imports, renamed imports, multiple renamed imports > combined with normal imports, and other crazy things. > * #56 Support the "with" statement. > * Fix function call tip display for complicated bits of code such as > Derelict 3. > > Changes from beta 1 to beta 2: > * Add --version to both the client and server > * Update man pages > * Update README > * Update --help output for client and server > > Changes from beta 2 to 0.4.0: > * Fixes to function call tip display with explicit template > instantiation. > * Updated libdparse dependency to fix various parser bugs (and > language changes) > * Fixed the LDC portion of the makefile The D Completion Daemon is an IDE-independent autocompletion tool forD code.Changes from 0.3.2 to beta 1:* #162 You can now ask the server for symbol location informationwithout a cursor location or a file being edited.* #117 Import statement autocompletion now knows how to handle normalimports, multiple imports, renamed imports, multiple renamed importscombined with normal imports, and other crazy things.* #56 Support the "with" statement.* Fix function call tip display for complicated bits of code such asDerelict 3.Changes from beta 1 to beta 2:* Add --version to both the client and server* Update man pages* Update README* Update --help output for client and serverChanges from beta 2 to 0.4.0:* Fixes to function call tip display with explicit templateinstantiation.* Updated libdparse dependency to fix various parser bugs (andlanguage changes)* Fixed the LDC portion of the makefile http:// forum. dlang.org/ thread/ lzlokumkks faiilznkbl@ forum. dlang.org I was worried you might have given up.
I'm a Christian and a feminist. This may sound like an oxymoron to some, but I think that Christianity and feminism go hand in hand, despite the fact that many of today's Christians would disagree with me. I grew up being taught that feminism was bad. When the subject was ever brought up in my Catholic school, tales of bra burning baby killers were associated with it. As I came to college and learned more about feminism, I realized this was not the case. I used to not consider myself a feminist, but now I do, and becoming a feminist has brought me closer to my faith than I ever was before.
Merriam-Webster defines feminism as “the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes”. Sound familiar? Just look to Galatians 3:28 “There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free, there is no male or female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.” The bible straight up tells us to fight for the equal rights of all people, regardless of gender, race, or anything else.
There are plenty of examples of feminism in the Bible, so why are Christians so quick to denounce it? Heck, God chose Mary, a woman, to bring his son into the world. During creation, God basically put the fate of all human-kind in the hands of women because women create life. Jesus himself treated women equally to men. Mary Magdalene was the first person Jesus appeared to when he rose from the dead, and he chose her to be the first witness to his miracle over his apostles. The Bible clearly recognizes that women are equal and important. God made all of us in his image and likeness.
Simply put, if you're a Christian, you should believe that men and women are equal. You should love everyone and treat everyone with respect. Your feminism should be intersectional. You should advocate for equal rights in all aspects, just like Jesus would.
Many modern-day Christians come up with tons of excuses as to why they don't consider themselves feminists. “We don't need feminism anymore” and “women are already equal now” are two phrases that I hear all too often in the Christian community that can't be further from the truth. Women are still not equal to men today, especially women of minorities and transgender women. We don't make as much money, we are held to insane beauty standards, men frequently objectify and catcall us, and we are not given the same basic reproductive rights as men without receiving a list of complaints about it. Many Christians, myself included, grew up in a more privileged bubble that causes them to fail to recognize this, but it exists. Not only are women still not equal in America, but there are many countries where women still do not have basic human rights. Your obligation as a Christian, regardless of your gender, should be to fight to stop all of this. Feminism is not obsolete. It is just as important now as it was in the past.
The big elephants in the room when it comes to Christians and modern-day feminism are obviously sex education and abortion. These things go against many Christians' interpretations of the bible. However, they shouldn't turn you away from feminism. If anything, they should make you want to be a feminist. Here are my arguments against those common reasons that Christians choose not to identify as feminists:
Many Christians preach abstinence, which is fine if done lovingly, but denounce sexual education, which is why a large number are against feminism. As a result, slut-shaming has become a large part of many Christian's abstinence programs in schools. My full thoughts on sex education and forced abstinence could be a completely separate article, but if you really want to call yourself a Christian you simply can't slut-shame or preach fear mongering abstinence.
I am not blaming all Christians here, but from what I've seen, the majority of sexual education in the Christian faith is female based. While Christians do encourage men to not engage in sex, many programs in Christian schools target women and tell them to keep themselves "pure" to avoid pregnancy and to find a husband. These practices are hypocritical. Saving yourself for a special person until marriage can be a beautiful thing if done as a personal decision, but it shouldn't be forced on people through fear and shame and it definitely shouldn't be something that only women have to do.
While the wording of this next verse I'm about to say is kind of brutal, I'm going to use it anyway keeping in mind the time period that it was written and the common language that was used. “I will not punish your daughters when they play the whore, nor your brides when they commit adultery; for the men themselves go aside with prostitutes and sacrifice with cult prostitutes, and a people without understanding shall come to ruin” (Hosea 4:14). That right there, is a blatant call to stop slut-shaming women while empowering men for their sexual advances.
Another huge reason that Christians denounce feminism is the pro-life versus pro-choice issue. While I'm preparing for many of you to disagree with me, here is my stance on the issue, which you actually don't have to agree with to still be a feminist. While I don't like the concept of abortion and would not personally have one, it is not going to just go away. In my mind, it is more pro-life to give women safe ways to get abortions instead of making abortions illegal and forcing many women to go about getting sketchy and unsafe abortions by unlicensed doctors. If you really care about life, you will care about the lives of those you may not necessarily agree with and want them to be safe in their medical procedures, regardless of their choices.
If you do identify as pro-life, you shouldn't just be pro-birth. You should appreciate and value the lives of every single person on the planet once they are born, not just when they're in the womb. When those babies grow up, our Christian duty is to love and protect them, even if they do grow up to be criminals, people living in poverty, or enemies of war. You should choose to help the mothers who decide to continue their pregnancy during a rough time. You should be volunteering to help the poor and needy as often as you can. You should feel pity for and work to help the criminal or the outcast. Instead of terrorizing abortion clinics, real Christians should feel love for all women, pro-life and pro-choice, and for the babies who are born as a result of women choosing life. That's what Jesus wants us to do.
Those two points are controversial to Christians, but they aren't the only things that feminism stands for. If you still think that abortion should be illegal, it is possible to be a feminist and be pro-life. It is also more than possible to choose to remain abstinent and be a feminist, as long as you don't force others into abstinence. In fact, if done voluntarily, I think that choosing to stay abstinent and taking control of your body is a very feminist move. If you believe in social equality, you are a feminist. It really is that simple. There is no hidden feminist agenda or malice behind the movement.
As a Christian feminist, I definitely do sometimes struggle with how to handle certain issues. There are plenty of aspects of the church itself that are misogynistic and I don't fully understand, but it's okay to not understand everything. What I do understand is my connection to God. Many passages in the Bible can be perceived in a way that denounces feminism, but the Bible was written a long time ago and can be twisted many different ways. For me, the most important message of the Bible is this: love. It is all centralized around loving your neighbor, treating them equally, and just being an all around good person. This not only ties in with feminism, it ties in with support for the LGBT community, acceptance of other religions, and treating everyone you meet with love and respect. God made everyone the way that they are for a reason, so hating and shaming people for who they are is hating and shaming one of God's beautiful creations.
To any Christian that could be reading this that has engaged in hate against those you don't understand, please think about what Jesus really wants you to do. God will forgive you for being hateful towards others, but you need to recognize that hate is not what He wants. Next time you decide to judge someone for who God made them to be, think about what Jesus would have done. He wouldn't be terrorizing others. He would be out making a difference in the world. He'd be volunteering and lending his helping hand to others. He'd be standing up for the oppressed and advocating for their rights and safety. Christianity really isn't as complicated as people make it out to be. All you have to do is love others.
As a Christian, I follow Jesus's way of living, and I know that Jesus would be a feminist today. He always stands up for the oppressed and doesn't terrorize anyone. He loves everyone and has a purposeful future in line for each and every one of us, regardless of our gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, etc. He made women with the same mental capacity and capability as men, and it's time that His work is rightfully recognized.
Scout's Eye: Jeff Withey Check out a breakdown the newest Maverick Jeff Withey's game.
DALLAS — The Dallas Mavericks announced today that they have signed free agent center Jeff Withey. Per team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Withey (7-0, 230) is a four-year veteran who was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round (39th overall pick) of the 2013 NBA Draft. His draft rights were acquired by the New Orleans Pelicans on July 10, 2013. He spent his first two seasons in New Orleans before signing with the Utah Jazz as a free agent on Aug. 24, 2015. He has averaged 3.3 points, 2.6 rebounds and 10.3 minutes in 197 career games (15 starts) with New Orleans and Utah.
The San Diego, Calif., native played four years at the University of Kansas where he saw action in 117 career games (76 starts) for the Jayhawks. In his senior campaign, Withey averaged 13.7 points, 8.5 rebounds and 3.9 blocks per contest while earning NABC Co-Defensive Player of the Year, Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year, First Team All-Big 12 and Second Team All-American.
HPG Press Office announced that the Cougar type helicopter transporting the coordination forces of the operation on Besta and Kato mountains by the Turkish army on May 31 was fired on by a HPG unit stationed in the area.
HPG Press Office announcement is as follows:
“On May 31, the Cougar type helicopter transporting the coordination forces of the invading Turkish army's operation on Besta and Kato mountains was fired on by one of our units stationed in the area as it was making its way over Sêgirkê (Şenoba) region in Şırnak's Uludere district. The helicopter was hit and was downed during the attempt to move away from the area.”
The helicopter downed by HPG guerillas on May 31 was transporting the coordinating cadre of the operation on Besta and Kato mountains. The passengers onboard were: Major General Aydoğan Aydın, Colonel Oğuzhan Küçükdemir, Colonel Gökhan Peker, Captain Songül Yakut, Major Koray Onay, Captain İlker Acar, Captain Nuri Şener, Staff Sergeant Mehmet Erdoğan, Specialist Sergeant Zeki Koç, Pilot Sergeant Serhat Sığınak, Pilot Lieutenant Abdülmuttalip Kesikbaş, Staff Sergeant Fevzi Kıral and Pilot Specialist Sergeant Hakan İncekal.
San Mateo police hunt suspect, issue shelter-in-place order
Police in San Mateo issued a shelter-in-place order as they searched for burglary suspects, at least one of whom was reportedly armed with a handgun, officials said.
One suspect was taken into custody around 10 p.m. but officers continued to search for a second suspect, San Mateo police said.
Around 8:15 p.m., officers surrounded a building on the 300 block of South Fremont Street in an attempt to find a suspect who had fled from an auto burglary earlier in the evening. Witnesses told authorities that the suspect was armed.
As police searched, they asked residents to stay inside and lock their doors and windows if they were within the borders of East Fifth Avenue; East Second Avenue; the 200, 300 and 400 blocks of South Eldorado Street; and the 200 and 300 blocks of South Fremont Street.
As of 9 p.m., the suspect had not been apprehended, police said.
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
The propofol dose (mg kg−1) and the dose in μg kg−1 min−1 are shown in Fig. 2. Respiratory rates, TCO 2 levels and sedation scores for 60 min of sedation in 5-min intervals from before the start of sedation are shown in Fig. 3. Respiratory rates were lower in the isotonic saline group at all intervals from 5 to 45 min. Median TCO 2 values were greater in the intervals between 20 and 40 min. There were no significant differences in OASS scores at any time. Heart rate, SBP and DBP at the same intervals are shown in Fig. 4. There were no significant differences in heart rate, SBP or DBP at any time.
Participants in the ketamine group spent less of the total sedation time with a TCO 2 above 6.7 kPa, median 1.2% (95% confidence interval, CI, 0 to 83) of the total surgical time compared with the isotonic saline group, median 65.1% (95% CI, 0 to 88) (P = 0.01; Fig. 5). Participants in the ketamine group also demonstrated less severe hypoventilation (TCO 2 >8.0 kPa), median 0% (95% CI, 0 to 11.7) compared with a median of 28% (95% CI, 0 to 79.3; P = 0.0002) for the isotonic saline group. The number of participants who did not exceed a TCO 2 of 8.0 kPa during sedation was greater in the ketamine group, 19 of 26 compared with the isotonic saline group, six of 26 (P = 0.012). The ketamine group required fewer airway manoeuvres, median 0 (95% CI, 0 to 3) to maintain S a O 2 greater than 95% compared with a median of 3 (95% CI, 0 to 16) for the isotonic saline group (P = 0.004).
There was no significant difference in verbal rating score for pain at 30 min or in the incidence of nausea or vomiting prior to hospital discharge. The median (95% CI) time to hospital discharge was shorter in the ketamine [75 (60 to 150) min] compared with the isotonic saline group, [110 (55 to 150) min] (P = 0.01). The incidence of psychomimetic side-effects was rare and did not differ significantly between the study groups (Table 2).
Discussion
Several important findings have emerged from the current investigation. Participants who received subanaesthetic doses of ketamine in addition to propofol and midazolam for deep sedation spent less time with TCO 2 above 6.7 kPa than participants who received solely propofol and midazolam. In addition, the number of participants who did not exceed a TCO 2 value of 8.0 kPa and the fractional time with a TCO 2 more than 8.0 kPa was substantially reduced by the addition of ketamine. The need for airway rescue manoeuvres to maintain S a O 2 was also reduced. Taken together, our data suggest that the addition of ketamine is an effective strategy for reducing the duration and severity of intraoperative hypoventilation in patients undergoing surgery requiring deep levels of sedation.
Our findings have important clinical implications as hypoventilation has been identified as the major cause of morbidity and mortality in closed claim analysis of individuals undergoing surgery with sedation and monitored anaesthesia care.3 The current trend in clinical practice towards less invasive procedures, and more performed in an office-based setting using sedation, further increases the clinical importance of our findings.4 Future studies examining a possible effect of ketamine in reducing morbidity and mortality associated with intraoperative hypoventilation and hypercapnia are needed.
It was also interesting to note that patients in the ketamine group received similar doses of propofol compared with the isotonic saline group. Beneficial respiratory properties of the use of ketamine during sedation have been attributed to a propofol-sparing effect of the drug.25 The lack of a difference in propofol requirement in the current study may reflect longer procedure durations requiring deeper levels of sedation and the use of extensive field infiltration of local anaesthetic. Another possible explanation is a direct respiratory stimulating effect of ketamine,26 or a combination of both mechanisms could be responsible for the beneficial properties of ketamine in reducing hypoventilation in deeply sedated patients.
Other clinical studies have suggested that adding ketamine to propofol has beneficial effects on respiratory variables.21,27 Some studies have used indirect and less reliable measurements of hypoventilation such as end-tidal carbon dioxide, oxygen saturation and observed respiratory rate. In the current study, we measured hypoventilation continuously using a TCO 2 probe with data collected electronically every 12 s. Our group has previously demonstrated that the TCO 2 but not end-tidal carbon dioxide is a reliable method for detecting hypoventilation in deeply sedated patients.24
Another important finding of the current study was the shorter time to hospital discharge in patients receiving ketamine compared with isotonic saline. This finding has important clinical implications for the reduction of the economic burden of prolonged hospital stays after outpatient surgery.28,29 Even more interesting to note was a possible association between the duration of hypoventilation and time to hospital discharge. It is possible that hypercapnia can modulate common factors associated with delayed hospital discharge such as postoperative pain and nausea, although the current study was underpowered to detect these differences.
We did not observe any significant differences in regard of potential psychomimetic side-effects of ketamine in this study. However, it is important to note that we used an analgesic dose rather than an anaesthetic dose. Higher doses of ketamine have been shown to produce psychomimetic effects in patients undergoing sedation.30 It seems that lower doses of ketamine are effective in preventing hypoventilation without producing side-effects.
We have only studied healthy individuals and did not observe any significant haemodynamic adverse event in those receiving ketamine. It is, however, important to note that Olofsen et al. 31 have observed a detrimental effect on cardiac output measurements in healthy volunteers receiving subanaesthetic doses of ketamine. In addition, as gender plays an important role in anaesthetic effect and recovery and we only studied female participants, future studies examining the role of ketamine on intraoperative hypoventilation including male participants are warranted.32
The administration of ketamine has been associated with hypersalivation, which is undesirable in deeply sedated patients without a protected airway. We did not pretreat our participants with an anticholinergic agent and did not observe clinically significant airway complications associated with hypersalivation. Brown et al. 33 examined over 1000 children receiving ketamine administration for procedural sedation and reported that hypersalivation incidents were rare. The administration of an anticholinergic drug did not show benefit.
Our study should be considered in the context of its limitations. We targeted our sedation protocol to an observer assessment instead of using a depth of anaesthesia monitor such as the bispectral index monitor. We did not attempt to standardise the level of sedation using a depth of anaesthesia monitor because correlating the output of processed EEG monitors and the clinical levels of sedation using ketamine is controversial.34,35 We also examined patients requiring high doses of propofol for sedation and it is possible that we would not have observed the beneficial effects of ketamine if we had used a more superficial level of sedation. Patients requiring greater depth of sedation are at higher risk of hypoventilation and have the greatest need for interventions to reduce morbidity associated with severe hypercapnia. We did not use opioids as part of our study protocol and future studies examining the effect of ketamine on hypoventilation in clinical protocols that include opioids are warranted.
We only studied healthy patients and the number evaluated is too small to assess the risk of serious side-effects such as regurgitation and aspiration.36,37 In addition, the potential for cardiovascular side-effects in higher risk patients with hypertensive or ischaemic heart disease needs to be further evaluated before they are given ketamine.38–40
In summary, ketamine reduces the incidence and severity of hypoventilation in patients undergoing surgical procedures under deep sedation with propofol and midazolam. Patients receiving ketamine required fewer airway interventions to maintain adequate oxygenation. The low dose of ketamine used did not lead to a higher incidence of psychomimetic side-effects. As hypoventilation is the major factor responsible for major morbidity and mortality in patients undergoing sedation, ketamine should be considered in this setting to reduce the incidence and severity of hypercapnia.
Acknowledgements relating to this article
Assistance with the study: none.
Financial support and sponsorship: support was provided solely from institutional and/or departmental sources. Radiometer America Inc. provided devices and disposable equipment for the study. Radiometer America Inc. was not involved in any aspect of the study design, study conduct or article preparation.
Conflicts of interest: none.
Presentation: none.
© 2014 European Society of Anaesthesiology
Source The effect of ketamine on hypoventilation during deep sedation with midazolam and propofol: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial European Journal of Anaesthesiology (EJA)31(12):654-662, December 2014.
Email to a Colleague Colleague's E-mail is Invalid Your Name: (optional) Your Email: Colleague's Email: Message: Thought you might appreciate this item(s) I saw at European Journal of Anaesthesiology (EJA). Send a copy to your email
Your message has been successfully sent to your colleague.
Some error has occurred while processing your request. Please try after some time.
Add Item(s) to: An Existing Folder A New Folder Folder Name: Description: The item(s) has been successfully added to " ".
​Talk about loyalty to your team.
The Green Bay Packers have a reputation and a legacy in the NFL as one of the best organizations to ever do it, and it shows with their four Super Bowl titles and the fact that the trophy is literally named after their former head coach.
Apparently, the team has such a strong culture, that some players would rather stay on the Packers practice squad than be signed to another team's active roster.
A few teams have expressed interest in Price this season and the Colts tried to sign him this week, per a source. Price chose to stay in GB https://t.co/uQZzyTBuQk — Rob Demovsky (@RobDemovsky) December 22, 2016
​​Now that is incredible. Considering how rare an active roster spot can be, it's pretty shocking he stuck in Green Bay throughout all of this.
However, the team did reward him for his loyalty.
Packers DT Brian Price is now making $26,470 per week on the practice squad, well above the regular weekly... https://t.co/ZaSlWGcU3t — Rob Demovsky (@RobDemovsky) December 22, 2016
​​And it's things exactly like this that prove the Packers really do have one of the best organizations in football.
For more from this author, follow him on Twitter @NickyBeaster or like his Facebook Page
For our best sports content and jokes, follow @12up on Twitter.
And for everything you missed, swing by our Facebook page!
News flash: Peachtree Road is slated for another residential tower in Buckhead. The 15-story edifice will move forward in Peachtree Hills following a meeting with neighborhood groups who approved the most recent iteration of the proposal at Terrace Drive and Peachtree, in front of the Peachtree Battle shopping center, according to BuckheadView. While the proposal by Brand Properties had been stalled for months due to neighborhood displeasure, many of the concerns were addressed before the meeting in January (thanks to a series of powwows since November). This paves the way for a peaceful path forward.
Plans call for a 251-unit tower — comprised of one- and two-bedroom apartments — to rise on 1.8 acres currently occupied by a Burger King, Design Within Reach and an antique store housed in an old book bindery. Neighbors had previously expressed concern about the height of the building, site density and even historic preservation. The community involvement echoes the recent contentiousness for the Brand Properties Garden Hills site just north on Peachtree Road. That plan was drastically altered and later approved.
The biggest changes to the plans involved scale. Plans shared this month reflected large revisions in height — a reduction from 21 stories to 15 stories — and space devoted to retail, a decrease from 30,000 to 15,000 square feet. Major concerns also stemmed from increased traffic passing through Peachtree Hills, resulting in the investment of $120,000 in developer impact fees to the improvements of sidewalk and road infrastructure within the neighborhood. Additionally, Branch Properties will improve the intersection at the rear of the shopping center by adding a median strip and stop sign and shrinking the road width to slow down traffic. On top of the infrastructure improvements, $1,000 per month will be provided for any security the neighborhood feels it needs to offset the impact of the development.
In what's possibly the most notable among the concessions (and a major victory for preservationists), Branch Properties will safeguard the future of the historic book binding building on the site. While part of the building — a modern addition — will be torn down, 2,600 square feet will be maintained and incorporated into the retail space of the new building.
· Branch Properties, Peachtree Hills work out high-rise project changes [BuckheadView]
OPD's Lost Officer Class
Desperate to staff up, Oakland police hired many problem cops between 2013 and 2015. And it's still paying the price.
By Scott Morris
Graduates of the 168th Oakland police academy in 2014 included officers later suspected of wrongdoing. Photo Courtesy of OPD
In 2010, at the height of the Great Recession, the Oakland City Council voted to lay off 80 police officers in a cost-cutting move. The council was frustrated at the time that the Oakland police union had refused to start contributing to police officer pensions.
But after violent crime increased in Oakland and the city's finances started to improve, the city embarked on a police-hiring spree, first under then-Mayor Jean Quan and followed by Mayor Libby Schaaf. From 2013 to 2015, 260 new Oakland police officers graduated from academies.
But the hiring frenzy stretched OPD's capacity to vet new officers to the breaking point, and record keeping for the new recruits was woeful, according to city records and interviews. Many of the new officers were later involved in a string of misconduct incidents that Oakland will be grappling with for years to come.
Of the officers hired from 2013 to 2015, 23—enough to fill their own academy class—have been charged with crimes, the subject of high-profile internal affairs investigations, named as defendants in civil rights lawsuits, or involved in controversial shootings. While California law prohibits the release of personnel records, a department audit completed late last year found that 30 officers hired since 2012 had been involved in some kind of serious misconduct. Of those, 22 have either been fired or resigned.
Rookies were mainly responsible for a wave of shootings by Oakland police officers in 2015: seven of the 13 officers who used firearms that year had a year or less of experience. And so far, the city has paid nearly $2.2 million to settle lawsuits related to rookie conduct during those years and will likely pay more in still-pending lawsuits.
Meanwhile, some problem officers remain on the force, including Officer Giovanni LoVerde, who was charged with oral copulation with a minor in September 2016 but still remained on OPD's roster a year later. Mandatory arbitration makes it extraordinarily difficult to fire cops for misconduct.
LoVerde was one of several rookie officers implicated in an expansive sex abuse scandal involving a teenager who used to go by the name Celeste Guap. The Guap case also extended the long-running federal oversight of the department. (Alameda County prosecutors dropped the charges against LoVerde on Oct. 5, indicating that Guap was reluctant to testify against him.)
U.S. District Judge Thelton Henderson, who oversaw OPD reforms for 14 years, said in an interview with this reporter before Henderson retired in August that he was “shocked” to learn that most of the officers involved in the sex abuse scandal were rookies. Henderson's theory of institutional reform is that new hires will only know the reformed training and practices, leading to steady culture change.
“They've recruited some officers that were rejected by other forces—that's the problem there,” Henderson said of OPD. “They're desperately trying to build up the force. They're looking far beyond Oakland to find their police. And I think that's the problem rather than the training.”
After the 2010 layoffs, the department's staffing shrank even further in the next two years as the city's budget problems remained. By March 2013, as the city's financial woes began to ease, the number of police officers had fallen to 611. Then-Mayor Jean Quan was under huge pressure to ramp up, but also to do it cheaply.
Still facing projections of deficits despite the growing economy, Quan called for hiring hundreds of new officers in her state of the city address on Feb. 27, 2013, which she delivered weeks before OPD's first academy graduation in four years.
“We're probably not going to be able to fill [the budget deficit] just by growing the economy,” Quan said at the time. “To solidly increase the police force by 200 officers ... we have to think about how we're doing it and what we're willing to give up.”
That first class included Kevin Kelly, who was cited by San Francisco police for pulling a gun while drinking at an IHOP in San Francisco at 2:40 a.m. in an attempt to impress a waitress. It also included Anthony Martinelli, who pulled a gun on an off-duty Oakland firefighter and his young son while the firefighter was checking the door at one of the stations. And it included Brendan O'Brien, who killed himself in September 2015 and left a note that kicked off the investigation into the Guap sex abuse scandal.
In the fallout from that scandal, Oakland police Lt. Chris Bolton, who leads the department's Office of Inspector General, conducted an audit of OPD's recruitment practices and made a series of recommendations for improvements that the department is implementing. While the audit didn't point to any particular flaw in recruitment, it acknowledged that OPD's capacity for vetting and training new officers was stretched thin.
“The reality of the department's staffing predicament in 2012 was arguably dire,” the audit stated. “Given the high influx of newly hired officers between 2012 and present day, the department's hiring and training resources reached their capacity.”
The audit, which was co-written by Oakland Police Performance Auditor Rose Sutton, examined 78 officers who were involved in serious misconduct, 30 of whom had been hired after 2012. A major area for improvement that the audit identified was the lack of a comprehensive system for tracking new hires. In some cases, OPD hired cops even though their background check indicated significant alcohol and anger management issues—problems that cropped up again once they became members of the force.
The audit also found that OPD commanders were not effectively examining peer reviews by fellow trainees. Of the officers in the sample, 15 received poor marks from peers. One trainee had 39 reports indicating the person wasn't trustworthy, another had 25 reports for lewdness, and another had 22 reports for poor judgement. All but one eventually became Oakland cops, but 11 were no longer employed by the time of the audit.
“Peer evaluations was a huge gold nugget to this review,” Bolton said in an interview. He added that peer evaluations weren't used proactively despite being indicative of character issues and “were sometimes matching up with problems that later erupted at the academy and after the academy.”
The department is implementing a new comprehensive risk-management system to track officers' training history along with assignments, stops, arrests, use of force, and body-worn camera footage. But in a February report, court-appointed monitor Robert Warshaw noted that while extensive technical resources had been devoted to the new system, less attention had been paid to how to use the new system for risk management.
In a status conference in October, Judge William Orrick, who took over the department's reform case from Henderson, expressed frustration with the continued delays of the new system, which is known as PRIME. Attorneys for the city indicated that the system would be up and running by February 2018.
But the costs of OPD's recruitment shortcomings are far from over. Attorneys for the family of Richard Perkins, who was shot by four officers when he approached them with a replica gun in November 2015, have been seeking records related to the hiring and training of the officers involved, including three rookies: Jonathan Cairo, Joshua Barnard, and Allahno Hughes. The city has resisted turning over the documents.
The fourth officer in the Perkins case, Joseph Turner, is also named in another pending lawsuit involving rookie officers. That case involved Officer Cullen Faeth allegedly attacking a county probation officer outside her home on Dec. 7, 2015. Turner was a sergeant at the time but is now listed as an officer on OPD's roster. Another officer placed on leave in connection with the incident, Bryan Budgin, remains on OPD's roster as well and was arrested for DUI in September.
Oakland officials say the city is committed to improving its recruitment and training. Bolton said that after completing his audit, he shared the results with officials across the city.
“The one thing that every stakeholder shared was the desire to hire the best of the best,” he said. “No one wanted the standards to be compromised for the sake of meeting any goal.”
Watching videos of dominos falling can be one of the most mesmerizing things ever. There's just something about watching a unique pattern or incredibly long line of dominos fall just right that is bizarrely satisfying. People can spend hours and even days making elaborate domino patterns, all to ultimately destroy their work in one fell swoop. But often times the fall is just as impressive as the initial build.
Domino artist Hevesh5 makes domino patterns that are just like that—impressive when they're built up, and even more impressive as they fall. Hevesh5 used 15,000 dominos and put in around 25 hours of work spread over eight days to create an amazing triple spiral domino pattern. As Gizmodo explains, despite the long hours put in to the initial build, it takes just under two minutes for the entire thing to come crumbling down.
British-Canadian actress
Kim Victoria Cattrall (; born 21 August 1956) is an English-Canadian actress.[1] She is best known for her role as Samantha Jones on HBO's Sex and the City (1998–2004), for which she received five Emmy Award nominations and four Golden Globe Award nominations, winning the 2002 Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress. She reprised the role in the films Sex and the City (2008) and Sex and the City 2 (2010).
Cattrall made her film debut in Rosebud (1975) and went on to appear in various television roles. She came to prominence in the 1980s with films such as Ticket to Heaven (1981), Police Academy (1984), City Limits (1985), Big Trouble in Little China (1986), Mannequin (1987), Masquerade (1988), Midnight Crossing (1988), and The Return of the Musketeers (1989). She worked on several occasions with director Bob Clark, appearing in four of his films: Tribute (1980), Porky's (1981), Turk 182 (1985), and Baby Geniuses (1999). Her other film credits include The Bonfire of the Vanities (1990), Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (1991), Split Second (1992), Above Suspicion (1995), 15 Minutes (2001), Crossroads (2002), Ice Princess (2005), My Boy Jack (2007), The Ghost Writer (2010), and Meet Monica Velour (2010).
On stage, Cattrall appeared in the 1986 Broadway production of Michael Frayn's Wild Honey. Her other stage credits include August Strindberg's Miss Julie (McCarter Theatre Center, 1993), Shakespeare's Antony and Cleopatra (Liverpool Playhouse, 2010), Noël Coward's Private Lives (Broadway, 2011), and Tennessee Williams' Sweet Bird of Youth (The Old Vic, 2013).
From 2014 to 2016, Cattrall starred and served as executive producer on the HBO Canada series Sensitive Skin, for which she received a nomination for the Canadian Screen Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series. She currently stars on the web television series Tell Me a Story (2018–present).
Early life [ edit ]
Cattrall was born in Mossley Hill, Liverpool.[2] Her mother, Gladys Shane (née Baugh), was a secretary, and her father, Dennis Cattrall, was a construction engineer.[3] When she was three months old, her family emigrated to Canada, settling in the city of Courtenay on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. At age 11, she returned to England when her grandmother became sick. She took acting examinations at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art[4] but returned to Canada after a year, and at age 16 she moved to New York City for her first acting role.
Career [ edit ]
Cattrall began her career after graduating from Georges P. Vanier Secondary School in 1972, when she left Canada for New York City. There, she attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and upon her graduation signed a five-year film deal with director Otto Preminger. She made her film debut in Preminger's action thriller Rosebud (1975). A year later, Universal Studios bought out that contract and Cattrall became one of the last participants in the contract player system of Universal (also referenced as MCA/Universal during this period) before the system ended in 1980. The Universal system's representative in New York, Eleanor Kilgallen (sister of Dorothy Kilgallen), cast Cattrall in numerous television guest-star roles. One of the first jobs Kilgallen got her was in a 1977 episode of Quincy, M.E. starring Jack Klugman, whom Kilgallen also represented.
In 1978, Cattrall played the love interest of a murderous psychologist in an episode of Columbo and also in "Blindfold", an episode of the 1970s action series Starsky & Hutch, in which Starsky (played by Paul Michael Glaser) is grief-stricken since he accidentally blinded Cattrall's character, young artist Emily Harrison, by a shot of his gun. She starred in The Bastard (1978) and The Rebels (1979), two television miniseries based on the John Jakes novels of the same names. In 1979, she played the role of Dr. Gabrielle White on The Incredible Hulk and would go down in television Hulk lore as one of the few characters who knew David Banner (alter ego of the title character) was alive and was the creature. Her work in television paid off and she quickly made the transition to cinema. She starred opposite Jack Lemmon in his Oscar-nominated film Tribute (1980), and in Crossbar, the film about a high jumper who loses his leg and still participates in the Olympic trials, with Cattrall's help. The following year, she appeared in Ticket to Heaven.
In 1982, Cattrall played P.E. teacher Miss Honeywell in Porky's, followed two years later by a role in the original Police Academy. In 1985, she starred in three films: Turk 182, City Limits and Hold-Up, the last with French star Jean-Paul Belmondo. In 1986, she played Kurt Russell's brainy flame in the action film Big Trouble in Little China. In 1987, her lead role in the cult comedy film Mannequin proved a huge success with audiences. One of her best-known film roles is that of Lieutenant Valeris in Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country; Cattrall assisted in developing the character by designing her own hairstyle and even helped come up with the name. Near the end of filming, Cattrall had a photographer shoot a roll of film on the Enterprise bridge set, in which she wore nothing but her Vulcan ears. After finding out about the unauthorized photo session, Leonard Nimoy had the film destroyed.[5]
Aside from her film work, Cattrall is also a stage actress, with performances in Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge and Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters and Wild Honey to her credit. In addition, she can be heard reading the poetry of Rupert Brooke on the CD Red Rose Music SACD Sampler Volume One. In 1997, she was cast in Sex and the City, Darren Star's series which was broadcast on HBO. As Samantha Jones, Cattrall gained international recognition. She capitalized on her success by appearing in steamy television commercials promoting Pepsi One. Sex and the City ran for six seasons and ended as a weekly series in spring 2004 with 10.6 million viewers. Cattrall reprised the role of Samantha Jones in the Sex and the City film, released on 30 May 2008. She also appeared in the sequel released in May 2010. For her role on the television series, she was nominated for five Emmy Awards,[6] and four Golden Globe Awards, winning one in 2002. She also won two ensemble Screen Actors Guild Awards, shared with her co-stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon. She was ranked number eight in TV Guide's 50 sexiest stars of all-time list in 2005.[7]
Cattrall in 2007
In 2005, she appeared in the Disney film Ice Princess, in which she played Tina Harwood, ice skating coach of the film's lead character. She portrayed Claire, a paralysed woman who wants to die, in the West End drama revival of Whose Life Is It Anyway?. In October 2006, she appeared in a West End production of David Mamet's The Cryptogram at the Donmar Warehouse in London. Since late 2005, she has appeared in a number of British television commercials for Tetley Tea.[8] In July 2006, a commercial for Nissan cars, which featured Cattrall as Samantha Jones, was withdrawn from New Zealand television, apparently because of complaints about its innuendo.[9] She later starred alongside Brendan Gleeson in John Boorman's film The Tiger's Tail (2006), a black comedy that focuses on the impact of the Celtic Tiger economy on Irish people. On ITV, she starred alongside David Haig, Daniel Radcliffe and Carey Mulligan in My Boy Jack, the story of author Rudyard Kipling's search for his son lost in the First World War.
In early 2009, Cattrall played Amelia Bly in Roman Polanski's well received The Ghost Writer, which was released in 2010. On 16 June 2009, it was announced that Cattrall would receive a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto, Ontario. The induction ceremony was held on 12 September 2009.[10] In November 2009, while filming Sex and the City 2 in Marrakech, Morocco, she took part in a seminar, 'Being directed' with director John Boorman as part of the third edition of the Arts in Marrakech Festival.[11] On 24 February 2010, Cattrall began a run in the West End of London at the Vaudeville Theatre as leading lady, Amanda, opposite Matthew Macfadyen, in a revival of Noël Coward's play Private Lives. She performed until 3 May 2010. In the same year, Cattrall starred as Gloria Scabius (alongside Macfadyen once again) in the critically acclaimed Channel 4 adaptation of William Boyd's novel Any Human Heart.
Cattrall played Cleopatra in a production of Antony and Cleopatra, directed by Janet Suzman, opposite Jeffery Kissoon as Anthony, in Liverpool at the Playhouse[12] in October 2010, with a subsequent revival at Chichester Festival Theatre (with Michael Pennington as Anthony) in September 2012.[13] In 2010, Cattrall was named an Honorary Fellow of Liverpool John Moores University in recognition of her contributions to the dramatic arts.[14] In 2011, Cattrall reprised her role as Amanda in a production of Noël Coward's Private Lives opposite Canadian actor Paul Gross in Toronto and on Broadway.[15] That year, Cattrall also appeared in Uptown Downstairs Abbey, the Comic Relief parody of the critically acclaimed historical television dramas Downton Abbey and Upstairs, Downstairs. Playing Lady Grantham, she starred alongside Jennifer Saunders, Joanna Lumley, Victoria Wood, Harry Enfield, Patrick Barlow, Dale Winton, Olivia Colman, Tim Vine, Simon Callow, Michael Gambon and Harry Hill.
From June to August 2013, Cattrall was scheduled to star in the Old Vic's production of Tennessee Williams's Sweet Bird of Youth, directed by Olivier Award-winner Marianne Elliott. In 2014, she starred as Davina Jackson in HBO Canada's Sensitive Skin. On 17 July 2015, Cattrall was cast in the title role of the play Linda, written by Penelope Skinner, directed by Michael Longhurst, and produced at the Royal Court Theatre in London. She was forced to drop out of that production a few days before the opening, due to "chronic, debilitating insomnia". She then returned to New York, and started a program of cognitive behaviour therapy to train herself to be able to sleep better. The therapy was successful; it included developing certain evening rituals, removing electronic devices from her bedroom, and limiting the use of the bed to two activities, one of which would be sleeping. Her role in Linda was recast and played by Noma Dumezweni, and the play opened in December 2015.[16][17][18]
Personal life [ edit ]
Cattrall at the HBO party after the 1999 Emmy Awards
Cattrall has been married three times and does not have any children. Her 1977 to 1979 marriage to Larry Davis was annulled. Her second marriage was from 1982 to 1989 to Andre J. Lyson, with whom she lived in Frankfurt and learned to speak German fluently, but admits she has forgotten a lot over the years.[19][20][21] From 1998 to 2004, she was married to audio designer and jazz bassist Mark Levinson. The two co-wrote the book Satisfaction: The Art of the Female Orgasm (2002).[22]
Cattrall also has been linked with former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau (in a 1981 photo),[23] actor Daniel Benzali, musician Gerald Casale of the new wave group Devo, French public intellectual Bernard-Henri Lévy, and her Whose Life Is It Anyway? co-star, Alexander Siddig.[24]
She holds British and Canadian citizenship.[25] In 2010 and 2011, Cattrall said that reports that she became a US citizen were incorrect.[26][27]
In August 2009, Cattrall took part in the BBC One documentary series Who Do You Think You Are?, where she discovered some facts about her grandfather, George Baugh. Baugh, who disappeared in 1938, having abandoned his family – including Cattrall's then 8-year-old mother and two younger sisters – turned out to have bigamously married his new wife, Isabella Oliver, the following year in Tudhoe, County Durham, and subsequently had another four children. She was told that in 1961, he emigrated to Australia, where he became a postmaster, retiring in 1972 and dying in Sydney in 1974.[28] Cattrall's mother and aunts had known nothing of their father's life after he left until they heard what the Who Do You Think You Are? researchers had discovered, nor had the family previously seen a clear photograph of him. An edited version of the episode was later shown as a part of the U.S. series of the same name.
On 4 February 2018, Cattrall tweeted that her brother, Christopher, had disappeared in Alberta. She asked for public help in finding him.[29] He was found dead several hours later.[29]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
